<doc id="31190631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190631" title="1998 Júbilo Iwata season">
1998 Júbilo Iwata season

1998 Júbilo Iwata season

</doc>
<doc id="31190632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190632" title="1998 Nagoya Grampus Eight season">
1998 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

1998 Nagoya Grampus Eight season

</doc>
<doc id="31190635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190635" title="1998 Kyoto Purple Sanga season">
1998 Kyoto Purple Sanga season

1998 Kyoto Purple Sanga season

</doc>
<doc id="31190636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190636" title="Tom Trybull">
Tom Trybull

Tom Trybull (born 9 March 1993) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC St. Pauli in the 2. Bundesliga. 

</doc>
<doc id="31190637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190637" title="Willem Mwedihanga">
Willem Mwedihanga

Willem Mwedihanga (born 1986) is a Namibian footballer with South African side AmaZulu F.C. and the Namibia national football team.
He started his soccer career in a small town the north of Namibia, at a youth team named Teenagers Football club. He then moved to United Africa Tigers, where he made a name for himself as a no nonsense centre back, until 2012 when he impressed AmaZulu F.C. on trials following failed attempts in 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="31190638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190638" title="1998 Gamba Osaka season">
1998 Gamba Osaka season

1998 Gamba Osaka season

</doc>
<doc id="31190641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190641" title="1998 Cerezo Osaka season">
1998 Cerezo Osaka season

1998 Cerezo Osaka season

</doc>
<doc id="31190643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190643" title="1998 Vissel Kobe season">
1998 Vissel Kobe season

1998 Vissel Kobe season

</doc>
<doc id="31190646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190646" title="1998 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season">
1998 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

1998 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season

</doc>
<doc id="31190654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190654" title="Heilman Villas">
Heilman Villas

Heilman Villas are located at the corner of Seventh Street and Orange Avenue in Coronado, California and consist of 10 standalone bungalows and one 2-story duplex. The duplex and 6 of the bungalows face a central courtyard which faces Orange Ave. The other 4 bungalows face 7th St.
Heilman Villas was built for Robert and Lillian Heilman. Later the complex was known as DeCoby Court and Hollander Court. In 1952, it became the Coromar Motel. In 1973, the City of Coronado bought the site; it was used by community groups such as the Chamber of Commerce and the Coronado Historical Association (CHA). The City renamed the complex again, this time to Babcock Court, in honor of City of Coronado founder Elisha S. Babcock.
Heilman Villas was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 reg. #92000319 as examples of 1920s bungalow court architecture in the Mission Revival style. The interiors contain Craftsman elements with hardwood floors and leaded glass.
The Coronado Police Department is now located on the former site of the Heilman Villas.

</doc>
<doc id="31190655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190655" title="1998 Avispa Fukuoka season">
1998 Avispa Fukuoka season

1998 Avispa Fukuoka season

</doc>
<doc id="31190675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190675" title="Monk Sherlock">
Monk Sherlock

John Clinton "Monk" Sherlock (October 26, 1904 – November 26, 1985) was a professional baseball player. He played one season in Major League Baseball for the 1930 Philadelphia Phillies, primarily as a first baseman. He was also the older brother of Vince Sherlock who appeared in nine games for the 1935 Brooklyn Dodgers. Sherlock was born in Buffalo, New York and died there in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="31190679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190679" title="The Network All-Star Band">
The Network All-Star Band

The Network All-Star Band is a Nashville group originally formed in 1985 composed of employees of The Nashville Network cable television network. Founding members, Marc Repp, drums/lead vocals, Tom Edwards, guitar/vocals, J L Myers, bass, and Ron Worrell, guitar/keyboard. The Network All-Star Band performed on TNN's Nashville Now five times.

</doc>
<doc id="31190684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190684" title="Universal Licensing System">
Universal Licensing System

The Universal Licensing System (ULS) is the consolidated database and application filing system for most Wireless Radio Services.
ULS supports electronic filing and provides public access to licensing information, weekly Public Notices, FCC rulemakings, processing utilities, a telecommunications glossary, and much more. Below are just a few of the significant benefits ULS offers wireless applicants and licensees:
Licensing.
The Universal Licensing System (ULS) is the Federal Communications Commission's online search portal for wireless licensing and research. In the United States, The FCC or Federal Communications Commission is an independent agency of the United States government, created by congressional statute (see 47 U.S.C. § 151 and 47 U.S.C. § 154), and with the majority of its commissioners appointed by the current President. The FCC works towards six goals in the areas of broadband, competition, the spectrum, the media, public safety and homeland security, and modernizing the FCC. It is appointed with the duty of allocating permission of businesses and individuals to use the electromagnetic spectrum using a process called Spectrum management. Since the Federal Communications Commission manages and regulates all domestic non-federal spectrum use, it is explicitly involved with the licencing of this spectrum. (47 USC 301)
There are many criteria for obtaining an FCC license. For most cases, the individual or corporation has to be a United States citizen in good standing, with limited objections to the license being permitted. For those who wish to obtain access to a Spectrum auction they must first register with the FCC's Commission Registration System or CORES, and then apply through the Universal License System or ULS.
The FCC states that ULS:
The Universal Licensing System allows for individuals to look up applications and licenses currently on file within the ULS. This services is intended to make the process of applying for the various licences easier.

</doc>
<doc id="31190688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190688" title="Keala O'Sullivan">
Keala O'Sullivan

Rachel ("Keala") O'Sullivan (born November 3, 1950 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a former American diver. She represented the United States at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, where she received a bronze medal in women's 3 metre springboard.

</doc>
<doc id="31190689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190689" title="Chris Katjiukua">
Chris Katjiukua

Chris Katjiukua is a Namibian footballer with Eleven Arrows F.C. and the Namibia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="31190690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190690" title="Loose Records &amp; Music">
Loose Records &amp; Music

Loose Records & Music is an independent record label and publishing company. The label was founded in the mid-70s by Bernard S. Vick and Andy Titcombe. Originally based in London, United Kingdom, it currently has its headquarters in Cumbria.
History.
Loose Records was formed in the mid-seventies in London. It rose from the ashes of Keswick Music, a joint partnership between Bernard S. Vick and Andy Titcombe. Keswick Music had been responsible for the release of the Carlisle United football team record to celebrate their promotion into the First Division of the English Football League. Although this single “Looking Good” achieved good sales, three subsequent releases by different artistes failed to attract enough sales and the partnership was dissolved.
Loose was originally started as a publishing company but developed into a label in the heyday of UK independent labels in the late 70s. As the label developed it became clear that punk rock and heavy metal were breaking through in a big way and thus, an additional label, Brickyard, was formed to allow Loose to run specialist genres. The label was originally distributed in the UK by Pinnacle Entertainment (UK) one of the large UK independent distributors; in addition, Loose linked with Animus Records in a deal signed at Midem.
The label had its headquarters at 296 Chiswick High Road in West London – sharing the premises with the HQ of independent record store chain Tune In To 269 which was also run by Andy Titcombe. The label had success not only in the UK but internationally as well with artistes like . Demo tapes were regularly received but most artistes were signed because they had close connections to someone working with Loose or else they were customers of the shop. One notable band that failed this simple A&R test was The Housemartins! As a publishing company Loose had success in the disco market in the 80s as well.
In the late 1980s, Tune In To 269 closed, and the label and the publishing company went into a period of dormancy. In the mid-90s, the label was relaunched, and a decision was then taken to change direction towards country music. This was followed by the singing of Lemon Grass, The Wurzels and Cattle Company as well as country music writers. Distribution was switched to RCA / BMG, and this immediately led to a top 100 entry in 1996 for The Wurzels with "I Want To Be An Eddie Stobart Driver". The label continues to concentrate on country music but true to its name, it reserves the right to delve into the wonderful world of music in any genre it fancies.
Artists.
The Adults, Richard Anderson, Tim Barker, Anne Barrett, Beat The Drum, Geoff Betsworth, Pete Bite, Cacique, The Cameo, Captain Sensible, Cattle Company, Country Joe MacDonald, Steve Davis, Craig Duggan, John Howard, Michael John, Pat Kerry, Trevor Keyes and Rainbow Country Sounds, Lemon Grass, Lyadrive, The Mangledwurzels, Malcolm Mason, Brian Melville, Brendan Monaghan, Nan Tuck Five, Roland Norris, Olympic Smiles, Brendan O'Hagan, Pump Up, John Richardson, Sangria, The Satellites, Waylander, M. J. Williams, Moon Williams, The Wurzels, Xero

</doc>
<doc id="31190707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190707" title="D P High School">
D P High School

D P High School is a co-educational private school located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The school serves kindergarten through grade 12. D P High School has a combined strength of more than 50 teachers at the senior and junior level, and an enrollment of about three thousand students.
History.
D P High School was established in 1965 in old Ahmedabad, run in the morning and afternoon shifts. The school moved to its presepus in New Vadaj in.
Academics.
The school is affiliated with the Gujarat Secondary Education Board (GSEB). D P High School is widely known for its excellence in education and co-curricular activities. The school has achieved 100 percent board results for past 10 years.

</doc>
<doc id="31190709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190709" title="Deutschland Cup (football)">
Deutschland Cup (football)

The Deutschland Cup was a one-off football competition played in November 1990, to celebrate German reunification. The match was played one week after the dissolution of the East German football association and its merger with the German Football Association, and featured the reigning champions of East and West Germany, Dynamo Dresden and Bayern Munich respectively. The match, which was played at the Rudolf-Harbig-Stadion in Dresden, was won 1-0 by Dynamo.

</doc>
<doc id="31190717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190717" title="Denzil Hoaseb">
Denzil Hoaseb

Denzil Hoaseb is a Namibian football defender with Black Africa F.C. and the Namibia national football team.
Hoaseb made his debut for the senior Namibia national football team in a friendly against Botswana in Maun on 16 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31190724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190724" title="2012 Safeway Championship">
2012 Safeway Championship

The 2012 Safeway Championship, Manitoba's men's provincial curling championship, was held from February 8 to 12 at the Credit Union Place in Dauphin, Manitoba. The winning team of Rob Fowler, will represent Manitoba at the 2012 Tim Hortons Brier in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. This will be the 88th edition of the Manitoba men's curling championships.
Teams.
Thirty-two teams qualify for the men's provincial championship in Manitoba. Berths 1–14 represent the rural zones, and berths 15–21 represent the Winnipeg zones. There were two separate bonspiels played earlier in the year, the Northern and Southern Bonspiels, representing the north and south; these represent berths 22 and 23. Berth 24 goes to the winner of the Brandon Bonspiel played around the same time of fall as the Northern and Southern floating bonspiels. Berth 25 goes to the prior year's Manitoban champion, assuming the team meets the requirements to represent themselves. The same goes for berths 26 and 27, which go to the Manitoba Curling Tour champion and the top Manitoban team on the Canadian Team Ranking System, respectively. Berth 27 must be declared by November 1, 2010. Numbers 28–32 are qualifiers from the MCA Bonspiel, also subject to subset rules and requirements.
Once all 32 teams have been qualified, they will be seeded respectively and slotted into the draw format of 1 vs 32, 2 vs 31, and so on.
Draw Brackets.
"32 team double knockout with playoff round"<br>
"Four teams qualify each from A Event and B Event"
Results.
Draw 1.
"February 8, 8:30am"
Draw 2.
"February 8, 12:15pm"
Draw 3.
"February 8, 4:00pm"
Draw 4.
"February 8, 8:15pm"
Draw 5.
"February 9, 8:30am"
Draw 6.
"February 9, 12:15pm"
Draw 7.
"February 9, 4:00pm"
Draw 8.
"February 9, 7:45pm"
Draw 9.
"February 10, 8:30am"
Draw 10.
"February 10, 12:15pm"
Draw 11.
"February 10, 4:00pm"
Playoffs.
Playoff Round.
"8 team double knockout"<br>
"Four teams qualify into Championship Round"
First Round.
"February 10, 7:45pm"
Second Round.
"February 11, 9:00am"
Third Round.
"February 11, 2:00pm"
Championship Round.
1 vs. 2.
"February 11, 6:30 PM"
3 vs. 4.
"February 11, 6:30 PM"
Semifinal.
"February 12, 9:00 AM"
Final.
"February 12, 1:30 PM"

</doc>
<doc id="31190725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190725" title="List of Romanichal-related depictions &amp; documentaries">
List of Romanichal-related depictions &amp; documentaries

This page cites Romanichal-related books, films, documentaries, and other forms of media documentation and/or depiction.
List of Romanichal-related depictions & documentaries.
Literature.
Many of the descriptions in the 19th century are also the product of a romanticized view of Romanichal and other Romani groups, both idealized and reviled by Victorian and early-twentieth-century writers which manifests itself in the works of fiction by many other authors throughout the Victorian Era to the present.
Poem and verse.
The earliest literal references of Romanies in England occurs in the 16th century, as Romanies emigrated to Tudor England. However by the Elizabethan era this was a popular topic of the time, and suggests in his writings that William Shakespeare was influenced by tales or interaction's with the Romanies. As was common at the time Shakespeare referred to Romanies and believe they were Egyptians.

</doc>
<doc id="31190733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190733" title="Nicola De Angelis">
Nicola De Angelis

Nicola De Angelis, C.F.I.C (Born 23 January 1939) is Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.
Nicola De Angelis was born in Pozzaglia Sabino, Italy, on 23 January 1939. In 1959 he entered the religious order of the Sons of the Immaculate Conception. He immigrated to Canada in 1967 and commenced studies in theology at St. Augustine's Seminary in Toronto. On 6 December 1970, De Angelis was ordained a priest in Toronto, to the Order of the Sons of the Immaculate Conception. During his years in Toronto, Father De Angelis was appointed to the Minister's Advisory Committee for education in Ontario. In the 1970s and early 1980s, he was involved with the Archdiocesan Senate Committee and also with the several Italian Cultural Committees. He was appointed Treasurer General of his religious order in 1984 and moved to Rome to fulfill the duties of this position. On 27 April 1992, he was elected titular Bishop of Remesianna. He was ordained Auxiliary Bishop of Toronto and consecrated in St. Michael's Cathedral on 24 June 1992. On 28 December 2002, Bishop De Angelis was appointed the Bishop of Peterborough.

</doc>
<doc id="31190765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190765" title="2011 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters">
2011 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters

The 2011 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters, a tennis tournament for male professional players, was played from 9 April through 17 April 2011, on outdoor clay courts. It was the 105th edition of the annual Monte Carlo Masters tournament, which was sponsored by Rolex for the third time. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco.
Tournament.
Exhibition.
On 11 April, an exhibition featuring two players from the Women's Tennis Association, current world number one Caroline Wozniacki and reigning French Open champion Francesca Schiavone, took place during the traditional women's day at the tournament. Schiavone won the one-set exhibition match 6–4.
Points and prize money.
Points.
Because the Monte Carlo Masters was the non mandatory Masters 1000 event special rules around the point distribution happens. Monte Carlo Masters counted as one of a player's 500 level tournaments, while distributing Masters 1000 points.
Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry via qualifying:

</doc>
<doc id="31190769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190769" title="Fred Trautman">
Fred Trautman

Fredrick Orlando "Fred" Trautman (March 24, 1892 – February 15, 1964) was a Major League Baseball pitcher, who appeared in one game for the 1915 Newark Peppers of the defunct Federal League. Trautman was born in Bucyrus, Ohio and died there in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="31190773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190773" title="The Passenger (opera)">
The Passenger (opera)

The Passenger, in Russian "Passazhirka", (1968) is an opera by Mieczysław Weinberg to a libretto by Alexander Medvedev (librettist).
The libretto is based on the Polish radio play "Passenger from Cabin Number 45" (1959) by concentration camp survivor Zofia Posmysz. Zofia Posmysz's play was already the basis for Andrzej Munk's posthumous film "Pasażerka" (1963). The original libretto by Alexander Medvedev is in Russian. The worldwide première featured a reworked libretto in German, English, Polish, Yiddish, French, Russian, and Czech.
Synopsis.
The opera is set on two levels: the upper level depicts the deck of an ocean liner after the Second World War where a German couple, Lisa and Walter (a West German diplomat on his way with his new wife to a new diplomatic posting), are sailing to Brazil. The wife, Lisa, thinks she recognises a Polish woman on board, Marta, as a former inmate of Auschwitz where she, unknown to her husband, was a camp guard. The second lower level develops below the liner deck, depicting the concentration camp. The opera is an interplay between the two levels.
Act 1.
Scene 1 : Walter and his wife Liese are on their way to a new life in Brazil where Walter will take up a diplomatic post. During the journey Liese is struck by the appearance of a passenger she sees indistinctly. The passenger reminds her of an inmate in Auschwitz over whom she once presided and knows for certain to be dead. In shock she reveals her hitherto undisclosed wartime past to her husband.
Scene 2 : In the concentration camp Liese and her superior Overseer discuss the need to manipulate prisoners and find one amongst each group who can be manipulated to lead the others easily. The male officers drink and sing about how there is nothing to do but how they are less likely to die than fighting on the front against the Russians.
Scene 3 : The women of the camp are introduced and each tells of their background and origins. A Russian woman is bought in having been beaten and tortured and the Kapo in charge discovers a note which may cost her her life. Marta is selected by Liese to translate to Liese but deliberately makes it out to be a love letter from her partner Tadeusz, with whom she arrived into incarceration, but has not seen these past two years. Liese believes the subterfuge. As the scene closes Liese and Walter are seen on the boat in the present time trying to come to terms with Liese's newly uncovered past.
Act 2.
Scene 1 : Belongings of murdered prisoners are being sorted by the women when an officer arrives to demand a violin so that the Kommandant may have his favourite waltz rendered to him by a prisoner. The prisoner Tadeusz is sent to collect the violin and arrives to discover his fiancée Marta there. Their reunion is overseen by Liese who decides to try and manipulate their relationship so that she may more easily control Marta for her own purposes in more readily exerting control over all the women.
Scene 2: Tadeusz is in his prison workshop fashioning jewellery for the officers' private demands. In a pile of his sketches, Liese recognises the face of Marta. Liese tries to get Tadeusz to do her bidding also, but seeing that this would leave him indebted to Liese, he declines although essentially this will cost him his life now.
Scene 3 : It is Marta's birthday and she sings a lengthy aria to Death itself. Liese tells Marta that Tadeusz refused her offer and that it will cost him dear, but Marta understands Tadeusz's stance. The women sing more about what they will do when they return home after the war, although it is obvious to most that they will never return alive. There is a death-house selection, and the women are all led away as their numbers are called. Marta resignedly follows although she has not been selected for death. Liese stops her from joining the others and taunts her that her time will come shortly so there is no need to hurry. Liese's final taunt is that she will live to see Tadeusz's final concert before he is too sent to the death-house as a result of her report.
Scene 4 : In the present time on the boat, Walter and Liese are still unsure as to whether the mystery woman whose appearance has so upset Liese is really Marta. The porter Liese earlier bribed to discover the woman's identity only revealed that she was British. He now returns to add that although she is travelling on a British passport, she is not English and is on deck reading a Polish book. Walter offers to confront the mystery woman to set Liese's mind at rest before they both decide they are letting their minds run away with themselves. They both resolve to ascend to the salon to join the dancing. Liese dances whilst her husband talks to another passenger. The mystery woman is seen passing a play-request to the band leader. The band then play the same tune that was once the camp Kommandant's favourite waltz. This musical coincidence and the still unknown identity of the passenger further convinces Liese that Marta is somehow alive and on the boat. Liese is reduced to terror and shrinks from sight of the still unrevealed mystery passenger retreating from her backwards down the stairs of the liner into the horrors of Tadeusz's final moments.
Scene 5 : Tadeusz is dragged before the Kommandant to provide him with his favourite waltz music. Instead he plays the Chaconne from Bach's Partita for Violin No. 2, making a defiant purely musical protest at the Kommandant about the descent from culture into depravity the camp represents. Thus he deprives Liese of her plan to have him executed via her report and deprives the Kommandant of his illusion that he can force people to play him his favourite music under pain of death. Tadeusz seals his own fate and, his violin being smashed, he is dragged off to his death. All the while, Liese observes the scene whilst still in her ballgown.
Epilogue : The stage becomes completely empty apart from Liese still in her ballgown who slumps down sitting to the rear silently. Marta enters. She is observed to be wearing non-prisoncamp clothing and with her hair unshaven. She sings that the dead should never be forgotten and they can never forgive. Liese can only observe, unable to have Marta change her attitude and provide her the closure she selfishly craves. The scene fades away musically as does the light and the opera ends very quietly in total darkness.
At no point in the opera is the mystery woman on the boat confirmed as Marta nor does Liese or anyone ever interact with her on the boat and discover her to be Marta. Liese's vehement certainty that Marta died in the camp is never contradicted. Even in the final scene which is designed to seem ambiguous, there is nothing at all to confirm that Marta was anything apart from dead, with Liese craving deliverance from her past with the dead unable to provide it.
Instrumentation.
Orchestra:
Banda:
Performance history.
Originally scheduled to be performed at the Bolshoi in 1968, the opera was not premièred, and then only in a concert version, until 2006 in Moscow. The full staged première was in 2010 at the Bregenzer Festspiele, directed by David Pountney, with a set design by Johan Engels. The performance was videoed and released on Blu-ray. The same production was presented in Warsaw by Polish National Opera in 2010 and received its UK première on the 19th of September 2011 at the English National Opera (broadcast live on BBC Radio 3 on the 15th of October). In 2013, it was presented by Badisches Staatstheater in Karlsruhe. "The Passenger" received its American premiere on January 18, 2014 at Houston Grand Opera.

</doc>
<doc id="31190795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190795" title="Peter and the Starcatcher (play)">
Peter and the Starcatcher (play)

Peter and the Starcatcher is a play based on the 2006 novel of a similar name by Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson, adapted for the stage by Rick Elice. The play provides a backstory for the character Peter Pan, and serves as a prequel to J. M. Barrie's "Peter and Wendy". After a premiere in California, the play transferred to Off-Broadway in 2011 and opened on Broadway on April 15, 2012. The show ended its Broadway run on January 20, 2013, and reopened Off-Broadway once again at New World Stages in March 2013, ending in January 2014.
Plot.
Act I.
An ensemble of actors enters a bare stage and addresses the audience. With a bit of bickering, they welcome us to the world of the play and tell us what’s in store: flying, dreaming, adventure and growing up. The ensemble invites us to use our imaginations to create the British Empire. With the snap of an actor’s fingers, we are transported to a bustling port. There we meet Lord Leonard Aster, his precocious daughter Molly, and her nanny, Mrs. Bumbrake. Two identical trunks are delivered to the port. One of them contains a precious cargo belonging to the Queen, who has appointed Lord Aster as its custodian. He’ll voyage with the trunk aboard the Wasp, the fastest ship afloat, helmed by his old school chum Captain Robert Falcon Scott, bound for the remote kingdom of Rundoon. The other trunk is a decoy full of sand and will be carried by the old and weather-beaten ship The Neverland, captained by the sinister Bill Slank. Amidst the bustle of the port, while no one is looking, Slank marks the Queen’s trunk—the one that is supposed to go on the Wasp—with a chalk X. Then, at the last moment, he swaps the trunks so that the Queen’s cargo is loaded aboard the Neverland and the identical sand-filled trunk is hoisted onto the Wasp. Grempkin, the schoolmaster of St. Norbert’s Orphanage for Lost Boys, sells three orphan boys to Slank. Grempkin tells the boys they’ll serve as helpers to the King of Rundoon, but Slank indicates a more sinister outcome for the lads. After realizing that there is no one who cares enough to say goodbye to the orphans, one of the boys proclaims that he hates grownups.
The Neverland: Deck
A gang of malnourished sailors prepare the Neverland for the voyage to Rundoon. A squadron of British navy seamen, led by Lieutenant Greggors, arrive to fetch Lord Aster, who is paying Slank to take care of Molly. Molly and Mrs. Bumbrake are traveling aboard the Neverland, which is taking a slower, safer route to Rundoon than the Wasp. As Molly and Lord Aster bid farewell, a crate containing the orphan boys bursts open and one catches Molly’s eye. Before he departs, Lord Aster confides the mission’s details to Molly, speaking in Dodo, a language known only to Dodo birds and a handful of very special humans. Lord Aster places an amulet around his neck and a matching one around Molly’s. He warns her never to take it off or let anyone else touch it, and charges her to use it if she is ever in trouble. Molly protests, and asks to be part
of the mission aboard the Wasp, but Lord Aster convinces her to stay aboard the Neverland by promising her an exotic vacation once the mission is complete. Molly comments that she is only an apprentice Starcatcher, a word that catches Slank’s ear. Lord Aster departs, bound for the Wasp, and Slank ditches the pleasant facade and turns nasty. Alf, a kindly old seafarer, escorts Molly and Mrs. Bumbrake to their cabin below the deck of the ship, and the Neverland sets sail for Rundoon.
The Neverland: Molly’s Cabin
In their cabin, Mrs. Bumbrake describes to Molly a family she used to work for in Brighton. The cruel master would beat the cook, an island boy who was an artist in the kitchen. On his way to feed the pigs, Alf checks in on the ladies and flirts with Mrs. Bumbrake. Molly—a lover of all animals—follows Alf out.
The Neverland: Ship’s Bowels
Unseen, Molly trails Alf on the long journey to the bilge room. On the way, she discovers sailors gambling, singing hymns, and torturing Mack, the world’s most inept sailor.
The Neverland: Bilge dungeon
As Alf enters the bilge, Molly slips in behind him, unseen. The three filthy orphans gather around Alf and his bucket of food. Prentiss, who identifies himself as the group’s leader, demands to speak to the Captain, while the food-obsessed Ted dives into to the bucket of food and gulps down several handfuls, only to realize he’s been fed worms. The third Boy asks Alf about their fate but he refuses to answer. Alf leaves and Molly appears, startling the boys. Prentiss again asserts his leadership, but the Boy challenges him and captivates Molly. Molly coaxes names out of Ted and Prentiss, but the Boy doesn’t have one. The Boy lashes out, but Molly challenges him, which sparks something new in him. Molly leads Ted and Prentiss to find real food, but the Boy doesn’t follow. The Boy flashes back to St. Norbert’s Orphanage for Lost Boys, where Grempkin is lashing him. The Boy imagines having a family. Molly re-enters to fetch the Boy, saving him from his nightmare.
The Wasp: Captain’s Cabin
Greggors escorts Lord Aster inside the ship and then reveals that his real name is Smee and the seamen are pirates! Captain Scott is bound and gagged, and the real seamen are in chains below. Smee demands the key to the trunk, but Lord Aster refuses. Just then, the pirate crew begins to tremble in fear. Smee elaborately introduces the most feared pirate captain on the high seas, Black Stache, who dramatically enters, then immediately vomits into a bucket. Black Stache, so called because of his trademark facial hair, is a poetic, malapropism-prone psychopath who threatens to find and kill Molly unless Astor gives him the key to the trunk. When Astor refuses, he steals the trunk key from his pocket. The amulet around Lord Aster’s neck begins to glow.
The Neverland: passageway
Molly’s matching amulet starts to glow and the boys notice. Molly divulges that her father is on a secret mission for the Queen. Mrs. Bumbrake comes searching for Molly, so she and the boys turn to escape down a corridor and encounter a flying cat in Slank’s cabin (which the cast points out is really just a puppet hung from a stick, but asks the audience to be creative)! Molly knows that the only thing that could make a cat fly is starstuff; she realizes that the Queen’s treasure is on the wrong ship! She tries to distract the boys from the starstuff by suggesting a bedtime story. The Boy unexpectedly blurts out his darkest secrets and dreams. Molly entrances the boys with her story, and leads them away from Slank’s cabin by telling them the tale of Sleeping Beauty.
The Wasp: Captain’s Cabin
Back on the Wasp, Stache opens the trunk only to find…sand. Smee deduces that Slank must have swapped the trunks; the treasure is on the Neverland. Stache complains to Lord Astor about his quest to find a great hero to oppose so he can be a great villain, and commands that the ship is turned around. The Wasp pursues the Neverland.
The Neverland: Ship’s Bowels
After the boys have been lulled to sleep by Molly’s bedtime story, Lord Aster contacts her through the amulet and warns her that pirates have commandeered the Wasp. Lord Aster instructs Molly to bring the Queen’s trunk to him once the Wasp catches the Neverland. Aster tells Molly that she is now a part of the mission! The Boy awakens and catches the end of Molly’s communication; he insists that she tell him what is going on.
The Neverland: Deck
From the ship’s deck, Molly tells the Boy about Starcatchers, a handful of people appointed by the Queen to protect starstuff. The Boy insists that Molly proves she is an apprentice Starcatcher, so she puts her hand around her amulet, closes her eyes, and floats a few inches above the deck. Molly explains that a Starcatcher’s primary duty to collect starstuff as it falls to earth and dispose of it in the world’s hottest active volcano, Mount Jalapeño, which is on Rundoon. The Boy tells Molly that he is going to Rundoon to help the King, but she bursts his bubble and explains that King Zarboff is actually evil. He would kill for even a thimble of starstuff. As the Boy laments, Slank enters and throws him overboard. The Boy, who cannot swim, starts to drown. Molly dives into the ocean and saves him.
The Neverland & The Wasp
As a hurricane stirs up in the ocean, the Wasp appears on the horizon. Molly drags the Boy on board the Neverland and revives him. Slank sees the Wasp and assumes that the British navy must have discovered the trunk swap. He prepares to outrun the Wasp, but the Boy takes the wheel and changes course. In the midst of the storm, the wheel flies off the deck and goes spinning out to sea; the Neverland lurches. Below deck, Alf is again flirting with Mrs.Bumbrake, who stops his advances in order to find Molly. On the bow of the Wasp, Stache and Smee are delighted that the Neverland is heading straight toward them. When the two ships meet, the pirates board the Neverland and fight with the sailors. In the bilge, Molly congratulates the boy for doing something big. She then dashes off to get the trunk from Slank’s cabin; the Boy realizes that there are more important things than saving his own neck and runs to help Molly.
On deck, Slank and Stache square off, but just as Stache gets the upper hand, the Neverland splits in two. As Molly and Mrs. Bumbrake struggle to move the trunk, Slank intercepts them. Mrs. Bumbrake throws the ship’s cat in Slank’s face, and Alf steps in to throw Slank overboard, where he drowns. Molly asks the Boy to stall the pirates while she gets the Queen’s trunk to the Wasp, and the Boy sits on the sand trunk to “protect the treasure.” Stache encounters the Boy and tries to lure what he thinks is the Queens’ trunk out from under him. Stache offers the boy a place on his crew and tries out some Piratical names for him. One of them, Pirate Pete, strikes a chord with the Boy and he chooses a name for himself: Peter. Losing patience, Stache knocks Peter off the trunk, opens it, and realizes he’s been had. As Peter celebrates his own cleverness, Stache knocks him overboard. Lord Aster calls to Molly and tells her to bring him the trunk; Molly is torn between saving Peter and obeying her father and must think fast. Knowing that the starstuff will float, she pushes it in the water and tells Peter to float to a nearby island. Alf and Mrs. Bumbrake search for flotsam to make a raft; Ted and Prentiss cling to one another; Stache commands Smee to follow the trunk; Molly dives into the ocean and swims after Peter; Peter rides the trunk toward the island with fish swimming in its golden wake.
Act II.
A group of Mermaids recount in vaudevillian song their experience of being transformed from regular fish after swimming in the wake of the starstuff.
The Mountain-Top Lookout Point
Atop a mountain on the island, Peter absorbs the freedom of open skies and clean air for the first time in his life. A yellow bird flies around his head, pestering him, before fluttering off. Ted and Prentiss arrive, and Peter enlists them in the mission to get the trunk to the Wasp so they can leave the island. In the distance, Mrs. Bumbrake and Alf paddle toward the shore on a makeshift raft. The boys hide the trunk and go in search of food.
The Jungle
The boys descend the mountain, and go deeper and deeper into the dark jungle. They are quickly separated and soon realize that they are not alone. Stache and Smee are also creeping about the jungle and Molly, being a champion swimmer, has made it to the island and searches for the trunk.
Mollusk Territory
The island’s natives, the Mollusks, capture the boys. The chief, Fighting Prawn, sentences them to death, a fate he reserves for all English trespassers because he was sold into slavery by the English. They are to be sacrificed and fed to Mr. Grin, the island’s hungriest crocodile. The boys offer the gift of a bedtime story to the Mollusks in hopes that they will fall asleep, allowing the boys to escape. Fighting Prawn accepts the offering, timing them with a kitchen timer he wears as a relic of his slavery as a kitchen boy. The boys perform Sleeping Beauty for the tribe, but because they all fell asleep during Molly's rendition of the story, none of them can really remember how it goes. Molly approaches and watches from behind some trees. At the climax, Molly blurts out that the boys have ruined the story. The Mollusks are amused (especially because Molly's name means "Squid Poop" in their language), but decide that the English invaders must die anyway, and toss them into Mr. Grin's cage.
Mr. Grin’s Cage
Trapped inside Mr. Grin’s cage, Molly and the boys bicker about what to do. Molly formulates a plan, impulsively kissing Peter as she thinks, to his shock. Peter gets Mr. Grin to open his mouth, and Molly tosses her amulet in. Mr. Grin grows to an enormous size, bursting out of the cage and floating away as Molly and the boys flee. The Mollusks are furious and pursue them.
The Beach
Smee and Stache cannot find the trunk; Stache decides to trick the kids into bringing it to him. Mr. Grin, now several times his normal size, floats toward them, forcing Stache and Smee to take cover in the jungle.
The Jungle’s Edge
Peter wants to get off the island, and begins gathering materials for a raft. Molly reminds him of the trunk and the mission. Out in the sea, the boys and Molly notice a flashing light. It is Lord Aster, contacting Molly using Norse Code (a system akin to Morse Code used by ancient Vikings.) Lord Aster instructs Molly to bring the trunk to the beach. The boys and Molly race to the top of the mountain to retrieve the trunk, with the Mollusks in hot pursuit. To give Molly room to reach the mountain, Peter draws the Mollusks' attention to himself.
The Chase And The Fall
Peter runs up the mountain with the Mollusks on his tail. The yellow bird returns and distracts Peter, who falls into a crevice with a splash. He finds himself in a shimmering lake of golden water, far far underground. Peter floats, neither drowning nor afraid, and gazes up at a mermaid.
The Underground Grotto
Floating in the golden water of the grotto, Peter is greeted by the mermaid who calls herself Teacher. Teacher explains her transformation from fish to mermaid, and describes the power of starstuff to fulfill dreams. Teacher and the island give Peter a second name—Pan. Teacher reveals that Pan has two meanings; the first is fun, frolic, anarchy and mischief. All things a boy likes. Before telling Peter the second meaning of Pan, Teacher reminds Peter about the trunk. Peter climbs out of the grotto and bolts back up to the mountain-top.
The Stormy Night
Molly, Prentiss and Ted arrive atop the mountain and fear Peter’s demise. In the distance, they spot Mrs. Bumbrake and Alf sailing toward the island on a makeshift raft, using Mrs. Bumbrake's bloomers as a sail. Molly, Prentiss and Ted drag the trunk toward the beach. A storm begins as night falls, making the journey dark, unpleasant, and frightening. As the others fall asleep, Peter appears and surprises Molly. Peter tries to get in the trunk, but Molly tells him that exposure to so much starstuff is very dangerous. They discuss their impulsive kiss in the cage, and Molly waxes philosophical about avoiding sentimentality until she falls asleep. Peter gingerly tries to open the trunk, but flees when the boys stir.
The Beach
Smee, disguised as a mermaid, tries to lure Molly, Prentiss and Ted with a ukulele song. Stache intervenes and tries to bait the kids with poisoned fruitcake, but Molly identifies him as Black Stache and exposes his plot. Smee reveals two prisoners—Mrs. Bumbrake and Alf! Just then, the Mollusks enter with prisoners of their own—Lord Aster and Captain Scott. Mrs. Bumbrake recognizes Fighting Prawn as her long, lost kitchen boy from her work in Brighton. Fighting Prawn proclaims that Betty Bumbrake was the only English person who was kind to him when he was a kitchen slave. Stache pulls his knife on Fighting Prawn and tries to get the trunk from Molly. Molly must decide between saving Fighting Prawn’s life and her duty to the Queen. Suddenly, Stache’s words are echoed back to him as Peter continues to distract Stache with his echoes and challenges him.
Peter, Ted, Prentiss, then Molly attack Stache, but are one-by-one outmatched. Stache captures Molly with his razor at her throat. Peter realizes the only way to save Molly is by giving Stache the trunk. Although this means he will never leave the island, he acts selflessly and surrenders it. Stache is impressed by Peter’s heroic gesture, realizing that this is the worthy opponent he has been looking for, but lifts the lid to find an empty trunk. The water that seeped into the trunk has dissolved the starstuff and it is now defused into the ocean. In a fit of frustration, he slams the lid down on his right hand, cutting it off. Delirious from the injury, Stache vows to be Peter's foe for all eternity. Hearing Mr. Grin, approaching, the Pirates leave to lure the crocodile to join their crew by feeding it Stache's severed hand (an attempt fated to have dire consequences for the now one-handed Captain.) Fighting Prawn honors Peter as a true hero and allows the English to leave, and exits with the Mollusks. Mrs. Bumbrake and Alf settle down happily together, and Captain Scott proclaims his intent to explore Antarctica (another attempt fated to have dire consequences). Lord Aster makes Molly a full-fledged Starcatcher, and promises her a St. Bernard puppy when they return home. With the starstuff gone, their mission has been fulfilled.
Peter mentions his encounter with Teacher to Molly and Lord Aster, and to Molly's horror she and her father realize that Peter cannot leave the island. They realize that Peter, by being dunked in the golden, starstuff-infused waters of the grotto, has been transformed. They share with him the other meaning of Pan: All, as in the entire island, which is now his home—the island and its inhabitants are now his family. Lord Aster captures the yellow bird in the hat, adds the last of the starstuff from his amulet, and turns the bird into a pixie to protect and guide Peter. The fairy flies off, and Ted and Prentiss chase it down the beach. Peter, now the boy who would not grow up, reluctantly bids farewell to the heartbroken Molly. As the Wasp sails away, Peter begins to forget what’s happened and settles into the eternal present of youth. 
Years later, the grown up Molly watches her daughter Wendy fly off with Peter, taking solace in the fact that Peter now has someone to look after him for a time.
Prentiss, Ted and the fairy enter; the fairy talks to Peter and suggests that the Lost Boys join him by taking a dip in the waters of the enchanted grotto. As the Lost Boys race down the beach toward the grotto, Peter Pan flies for the first time.
Characters.
The ensemble cast also portrays narrators, mermaids, pirates, sailors, islanders and various other creatures, locations and people throughout the show.
Productions.
The play premiered at the La Jolla Playhouse in California, running from February 13 to March 8, 2009. It was co-directed by Elice's partner Roger Rees and Alex Timbers. An instrumental score was written by Wayne Barker. The cast starred Adam Green as Peter Pan.
The play, now titled "Peter and the Starcatcher," opened Off-Broadway at New York Theatre Workshop, beginning performances on February 18, 2011. The show received several extensions, eventually closing on April 24, 2011. The new cast starred Celia Keenan-Bolger as Molly, Christian Borle as Black Stache, and Adam Chanler-Berat as Peter. Through April 1, Borle shared the role of Black Stache with Steve Rosen.
The show then opened on Broadway at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre, with previews starting on March 28, 2012 and officially opening on April 15, 2012. The original Broadway cast included Christian Borle (Black Stache), Celia Keenan-Bolger (Molly), Adam Chanler-Berat (Boy), Teddy Bergman (Fighting Prawn), Arnie Burton (Mrs. Bumbrake), Matt D’Amico (Slank), Kevin Del Aguila (Smee), Carson Elrod (Prentiss), Greg Hildreth (Alf), Rick Holmes (Lord Aster), Isaiah Johnson (Captain Scott) and David Rossmer (Ted). The play was produced on Broadway by Nancy Nagel Gibbs, Greg Schaffert, Eva Price, Tom Smedes, Disney Theatrical Productions, Suzan & Ken Wirth/DeBartolo Miggs, Catherine Schreiber , Daveed D. Frazier/Mark Thompson, Jack Lane, Jane Dubin, Allan S. Gordon/Adam S. Gordon, Baer & Casserly/Nathan Vernon, Rich Affannato/Peter Stern, Brunish & Trinchero/Laura Little Productions, Larry Hirschhorn/Hummel & Greene, Jamie deRoy & Probo Prods./Radio Mouse Entertainment, Hugh Hysell/Freedberg & Dale and New York Theatre Workshop.
Creation of the art for the Broadway production, which draws upon the whimsical, imaginative content in the show, was crafted by Vermont-based woodworker, John W. Long. It was featured in "The New York Times"
The play was nominated for nine Tony Awards, including: Best Play, Best Score written for the Theatre, Best Featured Actor in a Play (Borle), Best Featured Actress in a Play (Keenan-Bolger), and Best Direction of a Play. It won five: Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Play: Christian Borle; Best Sound Design of a Play: Darron L. West; Best Costume Design of a Play: Paloma Young; Best Scenic Design of a Play: Donyale Werle; Best Lighting Design of a Play: Jeff Croiter.
The Broadway production also received three Broadway.com Audience Choice Awards: Favorite Play; Favorite Actress: Celia Keenan-Bolger and Favorite Funny Performance: Christian Borle.
On July 2, 2012, Matthew Saldivar replaced Borle in the role of Black Stache.
The Broadway production of "Peter and the Starcatcher" closed on January 20, 2013 after 18 previews and 319 regular performances.
The show re-opened Off-Broadway at New World Stages beginning on March 18, 2013. It closed on January 12, 2014.
A national tour launched in Denver on August 15, 2013 and concluded in Pittsburgh on May 25, 2014.
Critical response.
Although the show garnered positive-to-mixed reviews by most critics, it received a rave review from "The New York Times", with Ben Brantley writing: "When the H.M.S. Neverland goes down in "Peter and the Starcatcher," it’s the most enthralling shipwreck since James Cameron sent the "Titanic" to her watery grave in the late 1990s . . . The cast is, with no exceptions, wonderful . . . It’s a performance that you might classify as over the top, but only in the sense that the entire production is. With grown-up theatrical savvy and a child’s wonder at what it can achieve, "Peter and the Starcatcher" floats right through the ceiling of the physical limits imposed by a three-dimensional stage. While there’s not a body harness in sight, like those used to hoist the title characters of "Mary Poppins" and "," this show never stops flying."
Awards and nominations.
Lucille Lortel Awards.
Source: broadwayworld.com
Inaugural Off Broadway Alliance Awards.
Source:Playbill
Drama Desk Awards.
Source:Playbill
Tina Awards.
Source:bestofoffbroadway.com
Obie Awards.
Source:Playbill
Tony Award Nominations.
Source:Tony Awards
Broadway.com Audience Choice Awards.
Source:Broadway.com

</doc>
<doc id="31190807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190807" title="Reykjavíkurkjördæmi Norður">
Reykjavíkurkjördæmi Norður

Reykjavíkurkjördæmi Norður (i.e. "Reykjavík North") is one of the six constituencies ("kjördæmi") of Iceland. Its major town, and the only one included, is Reykjavík.
Geography.
It borders with the constituencies of Reykjavík South, South and Southwest.
Administration.
The constituency includes the northern and the central part of the city of Reykjavík, part of the urban region of the Greater Reykjavík Area ("Höfuðborgarsvæðið"). The only county part of this "kjördæmi" is the Icelandic capital, independent city counted as a county.

</doc>
<doc id="31190809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190809" title="Chang'an Town">
Chang'an Town

Chang'an (长安镇) could refer to the following towns in China:

</doc>
<doc id="31190827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190827" title="Do Not Track">
Do Not Track

The Do Not Track (DNT) header is the proposed HTTP header field codice_1 that requests that a web application disable either its tracking or cross-site user tracking (the ambiguity remains unresolved) of an individual user. The Do Not Track header was originally proposed in 2009 by researchers Christopher Soghoian, Sid Stamm, and Dan Kaminsky. Efforts to standardize Do Not Track by the W3C have so far been unsuccessful.
In December 2010, Microsoft announced support for the DNT mechanism in its Internet Explorer 9 web browser. Mozilla's Firefox became the first browser to implement the feature, while Internet Explorer, Apple's Safari, Opera and Google Chrome all later added support.
The header field name is codice_1 and it currently accepts three values: codice_3 in case the user does not want to be tracked "(opt out)", codice_4 in case the user consents to being tracked "(opt in)", or "null" (no header sent) if the user has not expressed a preference. The default behavior required by the standard is not to send the header unless the user enables the setting via their browser or their choice is implied by use of that specific browser.
History.
In 2007, several consumer advocacy groups asked the U.S. Federal Trade Commission to create a Do Not Track list for online advertising. The proposal would have required that online advertisers submit their information to the FTC, which would compile a machine-readable list of the domain names used by those companies to place cookies or otherwise track consumers.
In July 2009, researchers Christopher Soghoian and Sid Stamm created a prototype add-on for the Firefox web browser, implementing support for the Do Not Track header. Stamm was, at the time, a privacy engineer at Mozilla, while Soghoian soon afterward started working at the FTC. One year later, during a U.S. Senate privacy hearing, FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz told the Senate Commerce Committee that the commission was exploring the idea of proposing a "do-not-track" list.
In December 2010, the FTC issued a privacy report that called for a "do not track" system that would enable people to avoid having their actions monitored online.
One week later, Microsoft announced that its next browser would include support for Tracking Protection Lists, that block tracking of consumers using blacklists supplied by third parties. In January 2011, Mozilla announced that its Firefox browser would soon provide a Do Not Track solution, via a browser header. Microsoft's Internet Explorer,
Apple's Safari, Opera and Google Chrome all later added support for the header approach.
Internet Explorer 10 default setting controversy.
An enabled Do Not Track "option" is set by default options for "Express" installations of Internet Explorer 10 on Windows 8. Microsoft faced criticism for its decision to enable Do Not Track by default from advertising companies, who assert that use of the Do Not Track header should be a choice made by the user and must not be automatically enabled. The companies also asserted that this decision would violate the Digital Advertising Alliance's agreement with the U.S. government to honor a Do Not Track system, because the coalition said it would only honor such a system if it were not enabled by default by web browsers. A Microsoft spokesperson defended its decision however, stating that users would prefer a web browser that automatically respected their privacy.
For about one month in September–October 2012, the default configuration for new builds of the Apache HTTP Server disregarded enabled Do Not Track headers from Internet Explorer 10. On September 7, 2012, Roy Fielding, an author of the Do Not Track standard, submitted a patch to the source code of the Apache HTTP Server, which would make the server explicitly ignore any use of the Do Not Track header by users of Internet Explorer 10. Fielding asserted that Microsoft's decision "deliberately violates" the Do Not Track specification because it "does not protect anyone's privacy unless the recipients believe it was set by a real human being, with a real preference for privacy over personalization." The Do Not Track specification did not explicitly mandate that the use of Do Not Track actually be a choice until after the feature was implemented in Internet Explorer 10. Fielding pointed out that Microsoft knew its false signals claiming that users had chosen Do Not Track would be ignored, and that its goal was to effectively give an illusion of privacy while still catering to their own interests. On October 9, 2012, Fielding's patch has been commented out, thus users of Apache now have to uncomment the configuration to reenable the functionality.
Operation.
When a web browser requests content or sends data using HTTP, it can include extra information optionally in one or more items called "headers". "Do not track" adds a header (DNT: 1), indicating that the user does not want to be tracked. The browser user has no control over whether the request is honoured or not.
Effectiveness.
There are no legal or technological requirements for its use. As such, websites and advertisers may either honour the request, or completely ignore it. The Digital Advertising Alliance does not require companies to honor DNT signals. "The Council of Better Business Bureaus and the Direct Marketing Association will not sanction or penalize companies or otherwise enforce with respect to DNT signals set on IE10 or other browsers." There also are non-governmental organizations, such as DataNeutrality, that are involved in setting DNT guidelines for private companies involved in data collection.

</doc>
<doc id="31190830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190830" title="Amanita frostiana">
Amanita frostiana

Amanita frostiana, also known as Frost's Amanita, is a small fungi species of eastern U.S.A. and southeastern Canada. The mushroom varies in colours from yellow, red or reddish pink usually.
Physical description.
Some of the species' notable physical characteristics, however, distinguish it from the other members of the genus. For instance, the colors of the cap, darkening over the disk and the universal veil colored yellow to cream. The other characteristics of the other parts of its body are as follows:
Habitat and distribution.
This rare species is normally found in mixed forests with oaks (mostly Quercus oaks) and conifers (mostly Pinaceae conifers). It is considered native to eastern U.S.A. and southeastern Canada.
Similar species.
"Amanita frostinata" is similar to a range of species, like "Amanita rubrovolvata", "Amanita flavoconia", "Amanita albocreata", "Amanita muscaria var. muscaria" or simply "Amanita muscaria" and "Amanita subfrostiana".
"Amanita rubrovolvata" is slightly similar physically to this species. The fungus produces small- to medium-sized mushrooms, with reddish-orange caps. Roger Heim reported "A. frostiana" as occurring in Thailand, but this was probably a misidentification of "A. rubrovolvata".
"Amanita subfrostiana", also referred to as 'False Frost's Amanita', has the same natural habitat as of "A. frostiana", but is mostly distributed in southwestern China. It does resemble "A. frostiana" but due to the different paleness of color in the cap of this species helps avoid misidentification.
The distinct and starkly white bulb (e.g., 17 x 15 mm) bears a white or yellow-white collar that is somewhat similar to the collar seen in the exannulate "Amanita albocreata", which is a species of the hardwood-hemlock (Tsuga) forest of the northeastern U.S.A. and southeastern Canada and of boreal forest at least as far north as the Island of Newfoundland.
The clamps present at bases of basidia of this species specially support the presumed relationship to "Amanita muscaria var. muscaria" or simply "Amanita muscaria". "Amanita muscaria" is a poisonous and psychoactive basidiomycete fungus, one of many in the genus Amanita. 
Many misidentifications have taken place while recognizing "Amanita flavoconia", one of the most common and widespread species of Amanita in eastern North America, due to various similar physical characteristics. It is mostly confused due to their microscopic features.
Edibility.
The edibility of this species is still doubted. It is considered poisonous and it is chancy to term it edible. High caution must be taken until the edibility of this species is clarified.

</doc>
<doc id="31190845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190845" title="Hollis Summers">
Hollis Summers

Hollis S. Summers, Jr. (June 21, 1916 – November 14, 1987) was an American poet, novelist, short story writer and editor.
Background and education.
Born on June 21, 1916, in Eminence, Kentucky, Summers earned an A.B in English from Georgetown College in 1937, an M.A. from Middlebury College in 1943 and a Ph.D. from the University of Iowa in 1949.
Academic career.
Summers worked in a variety of educational settings. From 1937–1944, he taught as an English teacher at Holmes High School in Covington, Kentucky. From 1944–49, Summers worked at Georgetown College. And from 1949–59, he served as Professor of English at the University of Kentucky. Summer spent the majority of his academic career at Ohio University where he worked from 1959 until his retirement.
Bibliography.
Periodical Publication (Poetry).
"The Flicker." Beloit Poetry Journal, 5 (Spring 1955): 117.
"Committee Meeting," Sewanee Review, 64 (Autumn 1956): 606.
"Mexico Picnic, October 31," Saturday Review, 40 (12 January 1957): 54.
"Lexington, Kentucky," American Weave, 100 (Spring 1961): 4–6.
"Seven Occasions for Song," Hudson Review, 15 (Spring 1962): 86–87.
"Title: To Be Supplied," Western Humanities Review, 17 (Winter 1963): 64.
"Waiting Bench with Figure," Midwest Quarterly, 7 (Autumn 1964): 96.
"The Gift," New Mexico Quarterly, 25 (Summer 1965): 137.
"Snapshots of the Four Grandchildren," Atlantic, 217 (May 1966): 113.
"Mercy," English Record, 19 (February 1969): 28.
"Grace Before Calling the Nursing Home and the Jail," Southern Poetry Review, 16 (1977): 83.
Periodical Publication (Fiction).
"Mister Joseph Potts," Paris Review, 8 (Spring 1955): 107–121.
"The Prayer Meeting," Sewanee Review, 64 (Winter 1956): 110–122.
"Cafe Nore," Epoch, 8 (Fall 1957): 153–166.
"If You Don't Go Out the Way You Came In," Colorado Quarterly, 9 (Summer 1960): 69–83.
"The Third Ocean," Hudson Review, 22 (Summer 1969): 232–252.

</doc>
<doc id="31190853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190853" title="Mower (album)">
Mower (album)

Mower is the self-titled debut album from the hardcore punk band Mower released November 4, 2003 on Suburban Noize Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31190875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190875" title="2011 Stony Brook Seawolves football team">
2011 Stony Brook Seawolves football team

The 2011 Stony Brook Seawolves football team represented Stony Brook University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Big South Conference. The team was coached by Chuck Priore and played its home games at Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium in Stony Brook, New York. The Seawolves finished the season 9–4, 6–0 in Big South play to win their third consecutive Big South championship and advanced to the FCS playoffs for the first time ever. They won their first ever playoff game against Albany, 31–28, before falling in the second round to #1 Sam Houston State 27–34. The program was ranked #18/#16 in the final Sports Network/Coaches Poll.
Previous season.
The Seawolves finished for their second straight year with a 6-5 record, and a 5-1 record against Big South opponent to earn them a share of the conference title with Liberty and Coastal Carolina. The Seawolves played their first ever FBS opponent opening the season against South Florida in which they led for the first quarter but eventually fell 59-14. The season came down to the last game, against conference rival Liberty, in which the Seawolves battled for the FCS bid but came up too short allowing to many points against in a 54-28 loss at Lynchburg.
Before the season.
Losses.
The Seawolves had several losses due to graduation. The Seawolves lost Edwin Gowins who earned first-team All-Big South honors in each of his first two seasons, and he was named the College Sporting News’ national freshman of the year in 2008 but experienced injuries late in the 2009 season and widely affected his performance in 2010. Gowins left to play at the Division III level. Paul Fenaroli graduated and signed a three-year contract with the NFL Atlanta Falcons.
Spring Game.
The Seawolves played their annual spring game on April 10, 2011 at LaValle in front of a small crowd in which the offense beat the Defense 51-15.
Rankings and polls.
The Seawolves were ranked top 15 among FCS teams by the "Phil Steele's College Football Review" ahead of their conference rivals, Liberty, which was placed in the 31st position. This is the highest ranking spot ever achieved by the Seawolves program. Stony Brook was picked second in the Big South Coaches' Preseason-Poll receiving 2 first-place votes behind the Liberty Flames. Stony Brook also received vote in The Sports Network FCS Preseason Poll.
Honors.
Five Stony Brook football athletes were named preseason All-Big South. Junior Miguel Maysonet and seniors Brock Jackolski and Matt Brevi represented the team in offense while senior Ryan Haber, and junior Craiq Richardson were the defensive honorees.
Recruitment.
The Seawolves have landed FBS recruit Fernando Diaz from the University of Pittsburgh eligible to play for the upcoming season. The Seawolves added 25 recruits in total for the upcoming 2011-12 season.
Schedule.
For the second straight year in the program history Stony Brook will face an FBS school after facing South Florida the previous year. This year it will face Buffalo
and UTEP increasing the strength of schedule. It will have six home games and it will close the season at LaValle against the conference rivals Liberty. All games will be in the Big South Network and broadcast in local radio by WUSB FM with a live stream on the web. Additionally, the Buffalo game will be regionally aired by TWCS and nationally broadcast in ESPN3 the Coastal Carolina game will also be broadcast by ESPN3, a first for Stony Brook football.
Game notes.
UTEP.
Recap: The Seawolves travelled to UTEP for their first game ever in Texas and their second game against an FBS school in history. With an improved team, the Seawolves held command for most of the game and by the end of the 1st quarter the Seawolves found themselves leading 7-0. In the second quarter both teams traded field goals as the Seawolves entered halftime with a 10-3 lead. It was however in the third quarter where the Seawolves offense exploded and scored two touchdowns nine second apart as UTEP fumbled the ball and allowed Jonathan Coats to run for a 14 yard return. At this point the Seawolves led 24-10 but it wasn’t too long before Miners scored to put the game back into single possession. In the fourth quarter, the Seawolves defense was noticeably weakening allowing the Miners to tie the game at 24 with 4:04 left in regulation. As the teams continued into Overtime, UTEP scored a touchdown taking the lead for the first time and the Seawolves lost their chance to tie with an intercepted throw ending the game in UTEP’s favor.
In the game Junior Miguel Maysonet and senior Brock Jackolski combined for 199 rushing yards as Stony Brook gained 232 yards on the ground. The defense, led by senior Donald Porter’s two interceptions, recovered two fumbles, including one for a touchdown. Coach Priore later said “I think we have a lot of talent that this crowd witnessed tonight” and added “We made a few mistakes that ultimately hurt us. I was proud of the effort, and we'll build off this game”.
"Series: UTEP Miners lead 1-0"
Buffalo.
Recap: The Seawolves traveled to Amherst to face off against Buffalo for their first time ever, and only the third football game in program history against an FBS football program. This was the first time Stony Brook played another SUNY rival since it last played Albany in the 2007 season.
Buffalo started the offense quickly scoring on a 57-yard pass after 19 seconds of regulation to take the lead. While the Defense held the Bulls scoreless for the rest of the first quarter Stony Brook was unable to tie the game until 1:46 minute into the second quarter. However, it wasn't long before Buffalo exploded with two back-to-back runs by Branden Oliver to put the Bulls up 21-7 by halftime taking the lead for good. Buffalo kept the Seawolves scoreless for the rest of the game capping their lead with two more touchdowns for an eventual 35-7 win.
Despite the loss, the Seawolves were able to dominate ball possession holding the ball for over 39 minutes of regulation but being held out of Buffalo's territory for most of the game. Stony Brook also rushed the ball for a total of 184 yards against Buffalo's 165 yards. The Seawolves, however, fumbled the ball twice (one while at 2nd and Goal) and allowed one interception for a total of three turnovers and passed the ball for only 114 yards against Buffalo's 177. After the game Coach Priore commented on the game saying "We didn't execute, but I think we realized that we can compete physically at this level. There are certain things you take out of these games, and one of those is building confidence going forward". Stony Brook dropped to 0-2 overall while Buffalo gets its first win of the season.
"Series: Buffalo Bulls lead 1-0"
Brown.
Recap: The Seawolves opened their 2011 home season against Brown in front 5,732 fans. After a slow start from both sides, the Seawolves’ Skiffington kicked for a 38-yard field goal to put Stony Brook ahead late in the 1st Quarter. The lead didn’t last long as Brown stepped up their passing game with Alex Tounkara-Kone receiving a 38-yard pass from Kyle Newhall-Caballero to score the game’s first touchdown, putting Brown ahead 7-3 by the end of the quarter. Stony Brook opened the second quarter with an 18 yard scoring run by Essington and a conversion by Skiffington to put the Seawolves ahead 10-7. Stony Brook’s defense kept Brown scoreless through the quarter and held on to the lead entering halftime. In the third quarter, Stony Brook kept control of the offense and increased their lead with the help of Miguel Maysonet which rushed 26 yards to put the Seawolves ahead by 10. However, momentum switched in Brown’s favor as they scored with a 46-yard reception by Tounkara-Kone to put Brown back into the game, 14-17. In the middle of the fourth quarter Stony Brook kicked for a field goal to make the game 20-14. As the game came close to an ending a late Brown rally and a series of personal penalties (two 15 yard penalties) concluded with a touchdown by Tellef Lundevall (conversion by Alexander Norocea) allowing Brown to regain a one-point lead (21-20). Stony Brook rushed the ball and made a 56-yard field goal which was replayed due to a time-out called by Brown. A second attempt came up empty as Brown took away the game by a score of 21-20, and took the four-year series 3-1.
The Seawolves offense rushed for 246 yards (Maysonet-Jackolski pair rushed for a combined 227 yardage) against Brown’s 28 and passed for a total of 78 yards against Brown’s 292. Stony Brook allowed only a single turnover while Brown allowed a pair. The time of possession was fairly even throughout the game with a Stony Brook holding for 30:47 minutes. After the game, Coach Priore commented saying “If you're a good football team, those things don't happen to you, or the game isn't close enough where they become that much of an issue in the game” and added "The problem was, it happened in a one-score game…at the end of the day, those things happen to all teams". Stony Brook fell to 0-3 after week three while Brown won its first game of the season.
"Series: Brown Bears leads 1 - 3. Stony Brook will not play Brown in the 2012 season." 
Lafayette.
Recap: The Seawolves opened their second home game of the season looking to get their first win of the season after a heartbreaking loss to Brown the prior week. They faced off against Lafayette for the second time ever in front of a sold-out crowd of 8,278 celebrating Wolfstock, the homecoming tradition, at LaValle Stadium. Lafayette was able to put up points early in the game with a 30-yard field goal by O’Brien to put the Leopards on top 3-0. Another field goal in the second quarter allowed the leopard to take a 6-0 lead, however, the Seawolves defense proved to be tough and kept Lafayette scoreless until the mid-third quarter while the Seawolves put up two field goals to leave the game tied at six by halftime. Early in the third quarter the Seawolves unleashed a powerful running offense taking a 20-6 lead on two running touchdowns by Maysonet. The Defense kept the Leopard to a single touchdown and the Seawolves later added another field goal in a 46-yard kick by Skiffintong to extend their lead to 23-13 by the end of the third quarter. The Seawolves continued their strong offense throughout the fourth quarter outscoring the Leopards 14-7 to capture their first win 37-20.
A good defensive effort by the Seawolves produced five turnovers by the Leopards, all of them deep in Seawolves territory. Stony Brook only turned the ball over once, a season low. Junior Miguel Maysonet rushed for a career-high 194 yards, and tied his own LaValle Stadium and school record with four touchdowns. The rushing game proved important as the Seawolves rushed for 300 of their 335 total yards of offense. Junior Wesley Skiffington connected on three field goals and all four extra points, becoming Stony Brook's all-time leading scorer among kickers with 164 points. He broke Mike Soto's record of 156, set in 2003. Dan Mulrooney led a strong Stony Brook defense with eight tackles, a fumble recovery, a forced fumble and an interception. Coach Priore commented on the game saying "We talked about playing four quarters of football tonight," and added "I really liked our effort tonight. We started to gain some momentum in the second quarter. We talked about going for some big plays at halftime, and I thought we played our best third quarter of the night" . The Seawolves will enjoy a bye-week and their continue the four game series at home. 
"Series: Tied 1 - 1"
Presbyterian.
Recap:After the loss of starting senior quarterback, Michael Coulter, for the rest of the season to a persistent injury (Torn ACL) Stony Brook placed backup Kyle Essington to fill in the starting role for the team. Priore reported that Essington was ready and that for the month of August he received about 85% of the snaps in preparation for the possible starting role.
Returning to LaValle stadium after a bye-week, Stony Brook searched for its second win of the season facing off against conference foes Presbyterian Blue Hose, a team that has never defeated the Seawolves, in front of a 4,103 crowd. Stony Brook opened the game midway through the 1st quarter with an 18-yard touchdown run by QB Essington (Kick by Wesley Skiffington). Later in the quarter Blue Hose Aaron Mayes kicked a 33-yard field goal to cut Stony Brook’s lead. However, Stony Brook responded with a 44-yard touchdown pass received by Matt Brevi for 14-3 lead by the end of the quarter. In the second quarter, both teams traded touchdowns with Essington passing for another 40-yard reception. Stony Brook held a 21-10 lead at halftime. Presbyterian scored a touchdown on a 7-yard pass early in the third quarter to cut the deficit to four points but the rest of the quarter was all Stony Brook. The Seawolves scored 21 unanswered points in the quarter with a breakthrough of the offense and a strong passing game by Essington who passed for 22 yards and 42 yards respectively for a 42-17 lead entering the fourth quarter. Presbyterian advanced and cut the lead with a touchdown while keeping the Stony Brook offense scoreless but the Seawolves’ defense held the Blue Hose scoreless for the rest of the game for a 42-24 win and their first conference win of the season. The Seawolves improved to 2-3, 1-0 in the Big South this season while Presbyterian falls to 1-4, 0-1.
Stony Brook passed for 292 yard against 150 by Presbyterian and rushed for 170 against 277 yards by the Blue Hose. This is the first game of the season in which the Seawolves passed more than they rushed, perhaps signifying a change in strategy with quarterback Essington who passed for four touchdowns. Stony Brook held possession for 31:40 and both teams turned over the ball once. A Hail mary play by Essington and receiver Brevi received recognition in ESPN Sports Center Top 10 plays, the first time Stony Brook appeared in the program for a football game.
After the game coach Priore commented saying “Tonight was a real good victory for us,” and added “I thought we had a solid game plan which was executed well. Presbyterian challenged us with some different looks, but I thought we threw the ball efficiently and successfully”. Essington commented on his successful start by saying "Coming off the bye week allowed us to get in some great work”. Essington will remain quarterback for the rest of the season.
"Series: Stony Brook leads 3 - 0"
Saint Anselm.
Recap: Stony Brook ran for a school record 404 yards in their 55-6 win over St. Anselm.
Running backs JeVahn Cruz and Brock Jackolski led the way for Stony Brook (4-3), combining for 4 touchdowns in the contest. Jackolski, who finished with 99 yards on 10 carries, scored twice in the first quarter on runs from 21 yards and 1 yard out. Cruz added his two scores late in the second half on runs of 63 yards and 3 yards.
Cruz finished with 169 yards on 10 carries.
Kyle Essington led the Seawolves, recording 275 yards through the air and 3 touchdowns while completing 16 of 20 attempts.
Stony Brook's defense stuffed St. Anselm (0-7), holding the Hawks to 17 yards rushing on 21 carries. St. Anselm was forced to punt nine times and only converted 1 of 13 third down attempts.
"Series: Stony Brook leads 1-0"
VMI.
Recap: Kyle Essington threw for two touchdowns and ran for another to help lead Stony Brook over Virginia Military Academy 42-14.
Essington was 18 of 23 for 255 yards and scored on a 1-yard run to open a 28-point streak by the Seawolves (4-3, 2-0 Big South Conference), which started with 21 seconds left in the second quarter.
While Stony Brook had little trouble scoring—taking a 28-0 lead on Grant Nakwaasah's 29-yard fumble return—offense was hard to come by for the Keydets (1-6, 1-2).
VMI totaled just 267 yards of offense, with only 38 coming on the ground. Stony Brook's defense allowed just three drives to go longer than five plays, and forced the Keydets to punt 11 times.
VMI's only scores came on an 81-yard pass from Adam Morgan to Aaron Lewis and a 3-yard run by Chaz Jones for the final margin.
"Series: Stony Brook leads 4 - 0"
Coastal Carolina.
Recap: Stony Brook came out in search of its fifth straight win of the 2011 season against conference rival Coastal Carolina returning to LaValle Stadium for their fifth home game of the season. With the 2011 Big South auto-bid on the line (Liberty and Stony Brook undefeated in conference play) Stony Brook and the Chanticleers faced off in front of 1,619 fans, a game largely affected by a rare Halloween Nor’easter impacting much of the Northeast.
In the first quarter, Coastal Carolina got a 64-yard drive but was unable to kick in a field goal. The initial drive was followed by 85 yard scoring drive by the Seawolves capped with a 9-yard TD run by Miguel Maysonet (kick by Wesley Skiffington) to put the Seawolves on top 7-0 with 4:42 left in the quarter. It wasn’t long until the Seawolves scored once again with a turnover by Coastal close to the endzone resulting in a Touchdown by Maysonet followed by a kick by Skiffington to take a 14-0 by the end of the opening quarter. Strong defense on both ends in the second quarter stalled Stony Brook’s offense ending the first half with a 14-0 lead. However, Stony Brook returned to its powerful rushing offense in the third quarter with a 51 yard scoring drive capped by a 26-yard run by Maysonet for a 21-0 lead. This was followed by punt block close to the Chanticleer end zone resulting in another touchdown and a 28-0 lead by the end of the third quarter. Seawolves scored 14 more points in the fourth quarter for an eventual 42-0 win, their first shutout of the season.
The Seawolves rushed for 446 yards against Coastal Carolina’s 60. The Seawolves didn’t record a single passing yard while CC passed for 13 yards. 64 out Coastal Carolina's 73 yards were part of their first drive. Stony Brook forced two Chanticleer turnovers and possessed the ball for 33:57 minutes. Jackolski and Maysonet powered the rushing offense combining for 384 yards. Maysonet commented after the game saying "Running the ball is what Stony Brook football is built upon…That's what we're good at". Coach Priore also commented saying "I'm really proud of our guys for the way they approached the game, They made the adjustments with the way the weather played out. As for the running game, it's our philosophy. We believe we can win a championship that way”. Stony Brook is now 5-3, 3-0 in the Big South while Coastal Carolina falls to 4-4, 1-3 in the league.
"Series: Stony Brook leads 4 - 0"
Charleston Southern.
Recap:Stony Brook travelled down to Charleston to face off against a winless Buccaneers team and a chance to win a school-record six straight victory their 2011 campaign. In front of 2,806 fans the Seawolves offense attacked quickly in the first quarter with a 59-yard touchdown run by Miguel Maysonet (failed kick by Pat) to put the Seawolves on top 6-0 with 13:55 left in the quarter. An offensive drive by the Buccaneers and a forty-yard field goal by Brown cut the lead by three. The Buccaneers followed by scoring a touchdown to take a 10-6 lead into the second quarter, the first time in the season the Seawolves trailed in the first quarter. However, the second quarter was all Seawolves offense resulting in three uncontested touchdown drives with an impressive rushing effort from Maysonet and Jackolski to put the Seawolves ahead by a score of 27-10 heading into halftime.
In the third quarter the Buccaneers came out strong with a passing touchdown by Perera to cut the lead to 27-17 but the Seawolves put one of their own with a 43-yard rushing touchdown by Maysonet to add seven to their lead with 9:03 left in their third quarter. Charleston continued their offensive effort as they scored another touchdown to cut the lead to ten again. Seawolves responded with a safety after a failed Charleston Southern punt and closed the quarter with a 6-yard run by QB Kyle Essington and a 43-24 lead. In the fourth quarter, the teams traded touchdowns which included a 55-yard run by Jackolski for an eventual 50-31 win by the Seawolves who held the game for their sixth consecutive victory and ensured an unofficial “Big South Championship” game against Liberty to be played at Stony Brook. Stony Brook remained a half-game back of Liberty, both undefeated in conference play, with a 6-3 overall, 4-0 Big South record while Charleston fell to 0-9, 0-4 in the season.
The Maysonet-Jackolski duo combined for 356 rushing yards and six touchdown in the game as Maysonet set the program’s record for career rushing touchdown with twenty-five after by the game’s completion. Maysonet and Jackolski have amounted to 1,178 and 1,001 rushing yards respectively eight touchdowns combined so far this season. As a team the Seawolves passed for 109 and ran for a net 355 for a total 464 against 335 yards by Charleston Southern. Stony Brook held possession of the ball for 29:44.
Commenting on the win Coach Priore said “Brock and Miguel complement each other so well…They are very special to this team. What makes them so great is that they have no hidden agenda" and commented in the rushing defense which allowed -7 yards "That was on point today…we forced them into a lot of passing situations, which they were good at today. But I'm proud of our team. We controlled the game the whole time."
"Series: Stony Brook leads 3 - 1"
Gardner-Webb.
Recap: Stony Brook traveled down to Boiling Springs, N.C in search of their seventh consecutive win of the season and with hopes of staying undefeated prior to their last game of the season, deemed, the Big South Championship game. The Seawolves did just that opening the game early with a touchdown by Brock Jackolski to put the Seawolves up 7-0 with 12:50 in the quarter. It took the Seawolves only 1:30 minutes to earn scored their second touchdown after a forced fumble by the GWU offense resulted in a 54 yard scoring run by Al-Majid Hutchins. The Bulldogs responded with a touchdown of their own to cut the deficit ending the first quarter with a 14-7 Stony Brook lead. Gardner Webb continued their offensive push with 50-yard running touchdown by Ricky Rhodes but failed to tie the game after a missed kicked. The rest of the quarter was all Stony Brook offense with Jackolski scoring twice to put the Seawolves up 28-13 and taking the lead for good.
Gardner Webb opened the third quarter with a renewed offense to cut Stony Brook's lead to 28-13 but the Seawolves responded with an offensive strike of their own with three unanswered touchdowns by Norel, Maysonet (63-yard run), and Brevi (30-yard pass) respectively widening the lead to 49-20 and erasing any chance of a comeback. For the sixth straight game, the Seawolves offense scored more than 42 points, a school record. In the fourth quarter GWU scored first, but the Seawolves responded with a strong defense who forced four turnovers and another run of four unanswered touchdown for an eventual win of 76-28 over Gardner Webb and setting the stage for a decisive end of the season "Championship" game against Liberty, in which winner takes Championship and FCS autobid. With the victory, the Seawolves set a new school records for most points scored in a game, 76, surpassing the 70-20 win against Brooklyn College back in 1988 (back the known as Division III Stony Brook Patriots) and two points shy of tying the record for margin of points. The Seawolves also set a Big South high surpassing the record set by Liberty, 73 points against VMI, back in 2007.
Stony Brook amounted for a total of 509 yards, 315 in their rushing game. Jackolski recorded five touchdowns, four of those on the ground making it the third time a Stony Brook player rushed for four touchdowns in a game this season. Quarterback Essington threw three touchdown passes two three different receivers. Junior Skiffington tied a Big South record on his own with 10 extra points kicked. The defense also played strong, forcing six Gardner Webb touchdowns which included a defensive touchdown by Al-Majid Hutchins. In the Gardner Webb end the offense amounted to 381 total yards, with 248 rushing yards and the defense failed to force a single turnover.
After the game Coach Priore commented on the game saying "I applaud this team for taking a one-game approach all season...Ever since the game at UTEP, this team has taken on the mentality of the next play. Our coaches have made the necessary adjustments, and our kids have executed them. Today was no different". Stony Brook improves to 7-3, 5-0 while Gardner Webb falls to 4-6, 2-3 in the Big South.
"Series: Stony Brook leads 3 - 1"
Liberty (Big South Championship Game).
Recap: Considered the Big South Championship game, the Seawolves and Liberty faced off for their last game of the season with a conference undefeated season, a Big South Championship, and an automatic bid to the playoffs at stake in front of 7,896 fans at LaValle Stadium. For Stony Brook it meant the possibility of their eight straight win of the season after starting 0-3. Liberty scored a touchdown midway through the first quarter to take a 7-0 lead, however, the Seawolves responded two drives later with a touchdown of their own capped by a 39-yard run from Jackolski. Stony Brook scored again in the follow up drive after an interception to take a 14-7 lead after a 26-yard reception by Kevin Norrell. Less than a minute after the second quarter started Liberty's offense struck back to tie the game at 14. Stony Brook's offense responded with a 36-yard field goal by Skiffington to retake the lead. Both teams traded touchdowns before going into the locker room with a 24-21 Stony Brook lead. Liberty opened the quarter, again, this time with a field goal to tie the game for the third time but in the ensuing Stony Brook drive the Seawolves scored for a touchdown by running back Jackolski to regain the lead. Liberty closed the third quarter with a touchdown of their own behind a 15-yard run by Quarterback Mike Brown. Coming out in the fourth quarter the Seawolves scored the final touchdown of the game after 5:21 offensive drive, and capped the victory with a field goal after a controversial fumble by the Liberty offense.
With the victory the Seawolves become outright Big South Champions for the first time in history, after sharing the title for two previous years. Stony Brook improved to 8-3, 6-0 for the season being the first team in Big South history to be undefeated in conference play. For Stony Brook it is the longest winning streak, eight, and also the first trip ever to NCAA Division I Football Championship a big step after first offering scholarships in 2005. Stony Brook closes the season 8-3, 6-0 in the Big South while Liberty falls to 7-4, 5-1. The Seawolves will face Albany in the first round of the playoffs.
"Series: tied 2 - 2"
Albany (NCAA First Round).
Recap: After winning their first outright Big South Championship the prior week the Seawolves headed to their first NCAA Division I playoff game in program history ranked #22 in The Sports Network poll. The NCAA Selection Sunday Committee paired them up against the Albany Great Danes, SUNY rivals and America East Conference rivals, who were the Northeast Conference Co-Champions and also first time playoff participants. Coach Priore also attended Albany in the late 1970s and was coached by Albany's current football coach Bob Ford.
Stony Brook faced off against Albany in front of a sold-out Thanksgiving weekend crowd of 8,286 at LaValle Stadium. Albany led the way in the first quarter scoring a touchdown with 20 seconds left of regulation after the Seawolves failed to capitalize in their previous two offensive drives which included one deep in Albany's red zone. Entering the second quarter the Seawolves QB K.Essington attempted a pass which was dropped by M.Brevi and forced a punt. Albany defense blocked the punt and Brian Parker ran 21 yards to the end-zone to extend Albany's lead to 14-0. The Seawolves responded with an offensive drive of their own but had to settle for a field goal after Essington got sacked twice by Albany's defense. Albany ensuing drive was stopped by Stony Brook forcing a 33-yard punt in the 50-yard line. Stony Brook capitalized in the follow up drive as Essington capped it with an 11-yard pass to Brevi to cut Albany's lead to 14-10. Later in the quarter Albany responded once again with another touchdown taking a 21-10 lead into halftime. This was the first time since playing Buffalo early in the season that Stony Brook trailed for such a large margin.
With less than two minutes into the third quarter and with only four plays Albany's offense scored another touchdown to put the Great Danes in a comfortable 28-10 lead. However, the Seawolves defense stopped Albany from scoring again and the offense scored two touchdowns in the third quarter to cut the deficit and put the Seawolves back into the game 28-24. An intercepted pass by Donald Porter in the third quarter kept the momentum on Stony Brook's side. The fourth quarter was all Seawolves offense as Albany's defense was noticeably weakened. The Seawolves scored a final touchdown giving them the lead for the first time in the game, 31-28. Albany made one last offensive push with two minutes left in the clock but an interception by Stony Brook's Dominick Reyes at Albany's second & goal sealed the game for Stony Brook for their ninth consecutive victory and their first win in the NCAA Division I Football Championship.
On the win Head Coach Priore commented saying "Wow...I know I say it a lot, but good teams find ways to win. I'm really proud of my alma mater and the job they did tonight, but I'm even more proud of our team. We're excited for the opportunity to play another week". Porter also commented in the last interception which sealed the victory saying "My defensive responsibility was on the tight end, and I was able to get underneath him and tip the pass," and added "Luckily for us, Dom (Dominick Reyes) was there and did a great job keeping his feet in bounds". Reyes which was responsible for the interception added "As a player, I want to be in on the action...It's hard to describe what I'm feeling right now. It hasn't sunk it yet. I saw the ball up in the air and did what you're supposed to do".
Overall Stony Brook amounted to 422 total yards, 258 of those in the passing game against Albany's 348 total yards. Albany turnover the ball twice while Stony Brook committed one turnover. Stony Brook had possession of the ball for 36:40. Brock Jackolski was responsible for three touchdowns and 103 rushing yards. Stony Brook advanced to play #1 Sam Houston State and improved to 9-3, 6-0 in the Big South while Albany closed their season 8-4, 7-1 in the NEC.
"Series: Albany leads 9 - 5"
Sam Houston State (NCAA Second Round).
Recap: Stony Brook travelled to Huntsville, Texas looking to upset top seeded Sam Houston State, the program’s first FCS second round appearance, after the historic comeback against the Albany Great Danes the previous week.
While both teams were known throughout the season to be strong offenses, it was the defense that controlled the game early on for both sides. Sam Houston led off the first quarter but couldn’t capitalize in any play while Stony Brook offensively to get any yardage. It wasn’t until 11:43 minutes into the first quarter that Sam Houston capitalized on a field goal. The rest of the quarter remained scoreless.
However, the second quarter proved to be different as Stony Brook broke through Sam Houston’s strong defense with a three play scoring drive capped by a 37-yard pass to Matt Brevi to place the Seawolves ahead by a score of 7-3. The offensive strike continued as Stony Brook forced a punt and followed up with another 64-yard drive, this time cut short, capped with a 32-yard field goal by Skiffington. Stony Brook took a 10-3 lead into halftime in what seemed to be a defensive battle.
After necessary adjustments, Sam Houston came out in the third quarter with a renewed offense scoring two back-to-back touchdowns and effectively shutting down Stony Brook’s offense regaining a 17-10 lead into the fourth quarter. The game was all but over, as Stony Brook opened the quarter with a field goal to cut the deficit. However, SHSU responded with another field goal of their own to expand their lead and stay ahead 13-20. The game turned into a see-saw as both offenses exploded scoring in each of the remaining drives. Stony Brook used their passing game to tie the game at 20. However, SHSU responded once again with an 80-yard run to put them back on top 20-27. Stony Brook continued their effort tying the game once again with 6:37 left of regulation, but Sam Houston outlasted the Seawolves scoring on a final drive with 1:01 left and then holding off the Seawolves’ offense to seal a 34-27 victory.
Sam Houston State advanced to the third round against Montana State while the Seawolves ended their 2011 campaign 9-4 overall, 6-0 in the Big South.
"Series: Sam Houston State lead 1-0"

</doc>
<doc id="31190896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190896" title="Philophobia">
Philophobia

Philophobia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31190914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190914" title="Michael J. Belton">
Michael J. Belton

Michael J. Belton (born 1934) is President of Belton Space Exploration Initiatives and Emeritus Astronomer at the Kitt Peak National Observatory in Arizona. Belton served as the Chair of the 2002 Planetary Science Decadal Survey guiding NASA and other US Government Agencies plans for solar system exploration. Belton studied first at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland and earned his PhD at the University of California at Berkeley for his doctoral thesis on "The Interaction of Type II Comet Tails with the Interplanetary Medium". 
Belton led the Galileo Imaging Science Team in high-resolution imaging studies of Venus, Jupiter, Jupiter's moons Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto, Earth's moon as well as asteroids Ida, Gaspra, and Dactyl. The team also studied the collision of comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter.

</doc>
<doc id="31190918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190918" title="Reykjavíkurkjördæmi Suður">
Reykjavíkurkjördæmi Suður

Reykjavíkurkjördæmi Suður (i.e. "Reykjavík South") is one of the six constituencies ("kjördæmi") of Iceland. Its major town, and the only one included, is Reykjavík.
Geography.
It borders with the constituencies of Reykjavík North, South and Southwest. By area, it is the smallest one.
Administration.
The constituency includes the southern part of the city of Reykjavík, part of the urban region of the Greater Reykjavík Area ("Höfuðborgarsvæðið"). The only county part of this "kjördæmi" is the Icelandic capital, independent city counted as a county.

</doc>
<doc id="31190920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190920" title="Galaxie (magazine)">
Galaxie (magazine)

Galaxie was a fortnightly entertainment magazine in Malaysia and published by Star Publications (M) Sdn. Bhd.. The magazine has been published from October 1974 to December 2013. It is also available in neighboring country, Singapore. 
The magazine bows out after 39 years. The last issue was the Dec 1-16 (2013) issue and features Elton John, Michael Jackson, Mariah Carey and Eminem; which represent each decade of entertainment.
Awards & Recognitions.
Galaxie has been named Entertainment Magazine Of The Year by trade magazine Advertising + Marketing in 2011, 2012 & 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31190921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190921" title="Matt Armstrong">
Matt Armstrong

Matt Armstrong (12 November 1911 – 4 October 1995) was a professional footballer who played as a striker for Aberdeen and Queen of the South.
Armstrong was born in Newton Stewart and played for Port Glasgow before signing for Aberdeen in 1931. His career was interrupted by World War II in 1939 and, after a brief return to Aberdeen, he signed for Queen of the South in the 1946–47 season. He later played for Elgin City and Peterhead before retiring in 1951.
Armstrong won three caps with the Scotland national team.

</doc>
<doc id="31190966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190966" title="Not for You (album)">
Not for You (album)

Not for You is the second album from the Hardcore Punk band Mower released May 16, 2006 on Suburban Noize Records. This release follows the band's debut album Mower released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31190969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190969" title="Henry Morello">
Henry Morello

Henry 'Hank' Morello is an 84-year-old man from Anthem, Arizona who gained notoriety after surviving 5 days in the Arizona desert after his vehicle got stuck in a ravine near Crave Creek. He was rescued by hikers on February 12, 2011. Morello reportedly drank windshield fluid through paper towels to stay alive.

</doc>
<doc id="31190975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190975" title="Nepalis in Saudi Arabia">
Nepalis in Saudi Arabia

Nepalis in Saudi Arabia are migrants from Nepal to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, mostly migrant workers and expatriates. Saudi Arabia has emerged as one of the top destinations for migrant Nepalese laborers. Approximately 200,000 Nepalese laborers, skilled and semi skilled, work in the country.
Labor issues.
According to Human Rights Watch, the kafala system in Saudi Arabia has subjected thousands of migrant workers to be abused by their employers in ways such as non-payment of wages, forced confinement in workplace, confiscation of passports, excessive work hours with little rest, physical and sexual abuse, and forced labor including trafficking. Nepalese embassy officials in Saudi Arabia said about 70,000 to 80,000 Nepalis in the country are trapped under critical working conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="31190977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190977" title="Éros vainqueur">
Éros vainqueur

Éros vainqueur is an opera or conte lyrique in 3 acts and 4 scenes by composer Pierre de Bréville. The work uses a French language libretto by the poet and novelist Jean Lorrain and was dedicated by Bréville to composer Vincent d'Indy. 
Performance history.
The opera premiered on 7 March 1910 at the Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Brussels with Sylvain Dupuis conducting. The original production was staged by Merle Forest and choreographed by François Ambroisiny. The original cast included mezzo-soprano Claire Croiza as Éros, soprano Mary Beral as Argyne, baritone Étienne Billot as the King, and bass Henri Artus as Cardinal-Évêque. In 1918, Jane Bathori gave a concert performance of the opera at the Théâtre du Vieux Colombier in Paris. In 1932, the first staged performance in France was produced at the Opéra-Comique (Salle Favart) under the direction of Louis Masson.

</doc>
<doc id="31190978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190978" title="Philophobia (fear)">
Philophobia (fear)

Philophobia (from Greek φίλος - "filos", "beloved, loving" and φόβος - "phobos", "fear") is the fear of being in love and falling in love. The risk is usually when a person has confronted any emotional turmoil relating to love in the past but also can be chronic phobia.
Philophobia is defined as the abnormal, persistent and unwarranted fear of falling in love. This affects the quality of life and pushes a person away from commitment. It is most common in females compared to males since they are told not to pursue love and that people who pursue them will always be bad, no matter what, but instead are set up for arranged marriage and/or forced marriage by the family and/or community who says that the partner and spouse of one's choice isn't good enough for them and that they should marry who they choose for them since they are typically pressured to have good relationships and marriages. It also triggers various symptoms that may incorporate sweating, irregular heartbeat, shortness of breath, feelings of dread, nausea and feeling of restlessness. The worst aspect of fear of being in love and falling in love is that it keeps a person in solitude. It can also evolve out of religious and cultural beliefs that prohibit love.

</doc>
<doc id="31190988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190988" title="Akshayavat">
Akshayavat

Akshayavat or Akshay Vat ("the indestructible banyan tree") is a sacred fig tree mentioned in the Hindu mythology.
According to a legend, once the sage Markandeya asked Lord Narayana to show him a specimen of the divine power. Narayana flooded the entire world for a moment, during which only the Akshayavat could be seen above the water level.
A sacred fig tree located within the Patalpuri Temple at the Allahabad Fort is worshipped as the Akshayavat by Hindus. , a permission from the Commandant of Allahabad Fort's Ordnance Depot is needed to visit this tree. On one day during the Kumbh Mela, the site is open to all the pilgrims.
According to the local belief, the sage Shukdeva narrated Srimad Bhagavatam to the king Parikshit under this tree.
In "The Encyclopaedia Asiatica" (1976), Edward Balfour identifies a banyan tree mentioned in Ramayana with this tree at Prayag, Allahabad. Rama, Lakshmana and Sita are said to have rested beneath this tree.
The Chinese Buddhist pilgrim Xuanzang mentions a tree (a stump with few branches) which was said to be the home of a man-eating demon. As part of a custom, some pilgrims would offer themselves at the nearby temple. Tsang mentions that the tree was surrounded with the human bones. General Cunnigham identifies this tree with the Akshayavat.
Rishabha (Jain tirthankar) is also said to have practised tapasya beneath the historical Akshayavata at Prayag.
Other places.
A tree at Gaya, Bihar and another tree at Varanasi are also worshipped as the Akshayavat. The Bodhi tree is said to be a manifestation of the Akashayavat at Prayag.
According to Tibetan Buddhist tradition, Buddha is said to have planted a seed of the Prayag's Akshayavat next to Mount Kailash on a mountain known as the Palace of the Medicine Buddha.

</doc>
<doc id="31190992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190992" title="George Cruikshank (editor)">
George Cruikshank (editor)

George Marcus Cruikshank (March 15, 1857 – September 15, 1936) was an American educator, newspaper editor, and historian active mostly in Birmingham, Alabama. He had political appointments on staff at Congress and as US Postmaster of Birmingham.
Early life, education and early career.
George Marcus Cruikshank, born in Versailles, Kentucky, was the son of Marcus Cruikshank and his wife. The family moved to Alabama, where George's father was elected as a Confederate congressman and later mayor of Talladega, Alabama. George was raised in Talladega and completed his studies there. 
Cruikshank taught for a time in the Talladega County schools and the Alabama School for the Blind.
Newspaper and political career.
In 1883, Cruikshank moved to Birmingham as editor of the "Birmingham Chronicle". 
He married in 1887. He and his wife had two children, Mary and Marcus.
In 1890, Cruikshank moved to Washington D. C. with an appointment as superintendent of the "folding room" of the House of Representatives, where all congressional mail was delivered. 
He resigned in 1893 to accept another political appointment as Postmaster of Birmingham and returned to Alabama. When his four-year term concluded, Cruikshank returned to newspapers as editor of the "Birmingham Ledger", which he developed as one of the larger newspapers in the South. The "Ledger" was acquired by "The Birmingham News" in 1920.
Cruikshank's book, "A History of Birmingham and its Environs," was published in two volumes in 1920. He was a Master Mason, a member of the Alabama Press Association and the Birmingham Press Club, as well as the Commercial Club of Birmingham. He was president of the Birmingham chapter of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. 
Cruikshank died in 1936. He is buried at Grand Bay Cemetery in Mobile County.

</doc>
<doc id="31190998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31190998" title="2011 WK-League">
2011 WK-League

2011 WK-League was third season of WK-League, South Korea's top level women's football league. 
Two new clubs joined the league this season, so now 8 clubs are competing in the 2011 season The teams play each other three times in the regular season, giving a total of 21 matches. All matches will be played on Mondays.
The season was won by Goyang Daekyo. 
Playoff and championship.
The playoff is played one leg and championship final is played over two legs.
Championship.
"Goyang Daekyo Kangaroos won 5–3 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="31191004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191004" title="Sue Hill">
Sue Hill

Sue Hill OBE (born 14 April 1955) has been the Chief Scientific Officer for England since October 2002. 
Professional and academic background.
Hill's professional background is as a healthcare scientist in the National Health Service (NHS) specialising in respiratory medicine. She spent three decades at what is now University Hospital Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust and as an academic at the University of Birmingham Medical School. She has a personal Chair in Respiratory Medicine at Birmingham University. 
After earning her Ph.D in pulmonary pathophysiology, she was active in basic and translational research and clinical trials, working with collaborators in the US and Europe, and trained a variety of medical and scientific staff while still providing direct care for patients.
Work within the respiratory community.
Hill is Vice President of the British Lung Foundation having had a long association with the charity since its formation in the early 1980s.
She also established the major international conference for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, the biennial COPD conference series, with Professor Robert Stockley of Birmingham University. The two are directors of the conference, which will be held in June 2012 in Birmingham.
Department of Health.
Hill first started work on initiatives for the Department of Health in the 1990s and led the development of the UK National Occupational Standards for healthcare science. She was appointed to the role of Chief Scientific Officer for England in 2002.
In addition to her role as Chief Scientific Officer, Hill is also Joint National Clinical Director for Respiratory Disease at the Department of Health, leading the DH work to improve respiratory care in the NHS.
NHS England.
Hill was appointed as the first Chief Scientific Officer for NHS England in February 2013 following the NHS reforms of 2012. Her role involves providing leadership to the healthcare science profession and expert clinical advice across the entire English health system as well as working with senior clinical leaders both within the NHSCB and the broader commissioning system. 
Honours.
She was awarded the OBE in the 2005 Queens' Birthday Honours. She is also an honorary fellow of the Royal College of Physicians.

</doc>
<doc id="31191005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191005" title="List of Ripley's Believe It or Not! episodes (2000–03)">
List of Ripley's Believe It or Not! episodes (2000–03)

This is a list of episodes of the "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" television series, which was hosted by Dean Cain and aired on TBS from 2000 to 2003.
Season 3.
Bicycle Balance Beam, Grenade Surgery, Chewing Gum Artist, Reconstructed Dog, Centipede Wine, Legless Swordsman, Scalping Survivor, Travel Surfboard, Boat Jousting, Rocket Skier, Tom & Jerry, Backwards Feet, Factory Runoff Jacuzzi, Human Scrimshaw Skeleton, Spot the Not

</doc>
<doc id="31191013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191013" title="Thomas Murchison">
Thomas Murchison

The Very Rev Thomas Moffat Murchison DD, MA was an eminent Church of Scotland minister and Scottish Gaelic scholar.
He was born 27 July 1907, educated at Portree High School and Trinity College, Glasgow. He was Minister of Glenelg from 1932 to 1937; St Columba Copland Road Church Glasgow from 1937 to 1966; and of St Columba Summertown Church, Glasgow from then until 1972. He was Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland from 1969 to 1970. He died on 9 January 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31191021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191021" title="List of buildings and structures in Gabon">
List of buildings and structures in Gabon

A list of notable buildings and structures in Gabon:

</doc>
<doc id="31191038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191038" title="2011 Big East Women's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Big East Women's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Big East Women's Basketball Tournament took place in March 2011 at the XL Center in Hartford, Connecticut. The winner will receive the Big East Conference's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Tournament. This was the second consecutive year Big East tournament to include all 16 of the conference's teams. The teams finishing 9 through 16 in the regular season standings played first round games, while teams 5 through 8 received byes to the second round. The top 4 teams during the regular season received double-byes to the quarterfinals.
During the tournament, the top-ranked Connecticut beat Notre Dame 73-64 to win their 17th title.
Final regular season standings.
‡ Regular season Big East champion

</doc>
<doc id="31191040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191040" title="Officer James Fowler ticket incident">
Officer James Fowler ticket incident

The officer James Fowler ticket incident refers to the signing of thousands of traffic tickets in James Fowler's name, nearly a month after he was deceased, in Baltimore. The story was originally reported by investigative reporters from Baltimore’s WBAL-TV 11 News.

</doc>
<doc id="31191046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191046" title="Jacques-François Courtin">
Jacques-François Courtin

Jacques François Courtin, a French historical painter, was born at Sens in 1672. He was a pupil of Louis de Boullongne, and painted the 'mai' offered to the cathedral of Notre-Dame by the goldsmiths of Paris in 1707, the subject being 'St. Paul preaching at Troas.' He died in Paris in 1752. There is a 'Dead Christ' by him in the Brussels Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="31191075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191075" title="Calxeda">
Calxeda

Calxeda (previously known as Smooth-Stone) was a company that aimed to provide computers based on the ARM architecture for server computers.
In March 2011 Calxeda announced a 480-core server in development, consisting of 120 quad-core ARM Cortex-A9 CPUs.
Calxeda claimed reduced energy consumption as well as better cost per throughput, compared to x86-based server manufacturers. 
They competed in the many-core server market against Intel and AMD, other recent ARM-based server vendors such as Marvell Technology Group (the Armada XP product), and the multi-core processor manufacturer Tilera.
In November 2011 Calxeda announced the EnergyCore ECX-1000, featuring four 32-bit ARMv7 Cortex-A9 CPU cores operating at 1.1–1.4 GHz, 32 KB L1 I-cache and 32 KB L1 D-cache per core, 4 MB shared L2 cache, 1.5 W per processor, 5 W per server node including 4 GB of DDR3 DRAM, 0.5 W when idle.
Each chip included five 10 gigabit Ethernet ports. Four chips are carried on each EnergyCard.
The UK-headquartered company Boston Limited announced in 2011 appliances based on the Calxeda EnergyCore system on a chip products. Boston's appliances, marketed under the Viridis brand, were demonstrated in November 2012.
Hewlett-Packard used Calxeda products for a server product known as "Moonshot" in November 2011, named after the Redstone rocket.
On 19 December 2013, it has been reported that Calxeda was going through restructuring, which was widely referred to as shutting down its operation due to running out of the capital venture funding, after failing to secure the deal with Hewlett-Packard.

</doc>
<doc id="31191079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191079" title="Thomas Clayton (MP)">
Thomas Clayton (MP)

Sir Thomas Clayton (c 1612 – 4 October 1693) was an English doctor, academic and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Clayton was the son of Thomas Clayton MD of Oxford. He matriculated at Pembroke College, Oxford on 25 May 1627, aged 15 and was awarded BA on 22 January 1629 and MA on 17 October 1631. He was of Gray's Inn in 1633. Further awards from Oxford were B.Med on 18 July 1635 and D.Med on 19 June, 1639. He was regius professor of medicine at Oxford from 1647 to 1665.
In 1660, Clayton was elected Member of Parliament for Oxford University in the Convention Parliament. He was knighted on 27 March 1661. From 1661 to 1693 he was warden of Merton College, Oxford. 
Clayton was of La Vache, Buckinghamshire. He died at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="31191086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191086" title="1980–81 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1980–81 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1980–81 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illiniois.
Regular season.
In 1981, Illinois made strides in its return to the national spotlight with a 21-8 record, a third-place Big Ten finish and an invitation to the NCAA Tournament. The team received a first-round bye in the NCAA Tournament and beat Wyoming, 67-65, in Los Angeles to advance to the regionals in Salt Lake City, where Illinois lost to Kansas State, 57-52. During this season, the Fighting Illini led the Big Ten in scoring for the second consecutive season and were again led by Eddie Johnson and Mark Smith. Guards Craig Tucker and Derek Harper arrived to add backcourt punch, and Harper began his Illini career being named First-Team Freshman All-America by ESPN and ABC.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season 
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31191088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191088" title="The BrainYard">
The BrainYard

The BrainYard is a news and commentary website published by UBM plc's TechWeb focused on social business produced by InformationWeek and the Enterprise 2.0 Conference. The BrainYard covers the business uses of social media and collaboration technologies, including enterprise social networks for internal collaboration, social communities for customer support, and the sales, marketing, and customer support uses of public social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. The site also covers other enterprise collaboration technologies, such as videoconferencing and unified communications, particularly to the extent these are converging with social software.
The BrainYard website launched in April 2011. A year later, The BrainYard was named the winner of the min's Best of the Web Award for the best new business-to-business publication website
The editor is David F. Carr. Columnists include Venkatesh Rao, Dan Keldsen, Rachel Happe, and other social business consultants and authors. The BrainYard also features contributions from InformationWeek's reporting staff.

</doc>
<doc id="31191112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191112" title="Palimpsest Press">
Palimpsest Press

Palimpsest Press is a Canadian book publishing company based in Kingsville, Ontario. Palimpsest publishes poetry in both trade and limited editions as well as select non-fiction titles that deal with poetics, the writing life, art, aesthetics, photography, design, cultural criticism and biography.
Magpie Books, Palimpsest's children’s imprint, publishes poetry in picture book format and juvenile and YA fiction.
History.
Founded in 2000 by Dawn Marie Kresan, Palimpsest Press is distributed by LitDistCo, with sales representation through the Literary Press Group, and is a member of the Association of Canadian Publishers.
By publishing in a wide variety of formats, Palimpsest has attracted many critically acclaimed and award-winning authors such as Aislinn Hunter, Christian Bök, Elisabeth Harvor, Kate Braid, Shawna Lemay and Steven Heighton.
Twice Palimpsest poetry titles were longlisted for The ReLit Awards and Shawna Lemay’s "Calm Things" was nominated for the Wilfred Eggleston Award for Nonfiction. In 2010 Ariel Gordon won the John Hirsch Award for most Promising Manitoba Writer and in 2011 her book "Hump" was nominated for the Eileen McTavish Sykes Award for Best First Book and the Aqua Books Lansdowne Prize for Poetry, winning the latter.
Palimpsest marked its 10th anniversary in 2010 by launching Magpie Books, a children's imprint, and moving operations to a studio/office space in downtown Kingsville.
Operations.
Palimpsest Press combines processes of the modern digital age with historical techniques like letterpress printing and foil stamping. Trade poetry titles are printed on richly textured zephyr laid and have coloured end sheets.
Besides its trade book production, Palimpsest also publishes hand-bound limited-edition chapbooks made with specialty papers. Chapbook covers and ephemera are handset on a Gordon old style platen press.

</doc>
<doc id="31191114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191114" title="Reykjavíkurkjördæmi">
Reykjavíkurkjördæmi

Reykjavíkurkjördæmi, meaning "Constituency of Reykjavík" in Icelandic, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31191138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191138" title="Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless">
Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless

The Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless (also known as WLCH or The Legal Clinic) is a Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit organization providing "pro bono" legal services to those in the District affected by lack of housing and other housing issues. In 2009, the organization was voted "one of the best small charities in the Washington, DC region" by the Catalogue for Philanthropy. The Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless has been instrumental in preserving city funding for homeless services, housing, public benefits, domestic violence, individual rights and health.
Operations.
The Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless is located in the True Reformer Building at 1200 U Street NW in the heart of Washington, D.C.'s U Street Corridor. At the core of the Legal Clinic's work is the Legal Assistance Project, which provides "pro bono" representation of individual low and no-income clients through a network of over 200 volunteer attorneys and legal assistants. Volunteers obtain clients on a referral basis or at one of seven intake sites run by the Legal Clinic at meal programs, health clinics and day programs throughout the District. 
Additional programs of the Legal Clinic include:
The Clinic hosts and participates in several major fundraisers each year including Lawyers Pitch In, and Home Court.
History.
The Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless began its efforts to fight homelessness in 1985 as an undertaking of the D.C. Bar, and was originally titled "Ad Hoc Committee for the Homeless." In 1986 the organization became the Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless.
Literary connection.
The Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless is referenced in John Grisham's 1998 legal thriller "The Street Lawyer". Grisham research for the book involved spending some time consulting with staff at the Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless.
Major court cases.
"Pearson v. Kelly (C.A. No. 92-14030 S.C. Super. Ct.)" – Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless worked with the Neighborhood Legal Services Program and the law firm of Covington & Burling to bring this action on behalf of applicants for public housing in the District of Columbia. Judge Steffen Graae ultimately appointed David Gilmore as Receiver of the DC Housing Authority to bring the agency into compliance with federal housing laws and regulations. Significant improvements in agency operations resulted.
Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless vs. Kelly (107 F.3d 32 (D.C. Cir. 1997) – The Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless was represented by the law firm of Howrey & Simon in a suit against the D.C. Government for the government's failure to comply with proper shelter intake procedures and in regards to providing shelter benefits to homeless families. D.C. received federal funding to provide these services and was found not in compliance with the laws governing that funding. Rather than change its practices, the government of D.C. eventually pulled out of the federal program. The case ultimately upheld the Legal Clinic's right to have a presence in the waiting room where families apply for shelter.
Staff awards.
The Legal Clinic staff are accomplished and acclaimed individuals. Awards include: 

</doc>
<doc id="31191146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191146" title="Jackie Benyon">
Jackie Benyon

Jackie Benyon was a Welsh footballer who played for Doncaster Rovers and Aberdeen until his death from peritonitis on a club tour of South Africa in 1937.
Benyon signed for Aberdeen in 1932 from Doncaster and established himself as a winger in the first team. A few weeks after playing in the 1937 Scottish Cup final, he was struck down with appendicitis while on a tour of South Africa with Aberdeen and died of peritonitis. He was buried in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="31191147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191147" title="Hviid">
Hviid

Hviid is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31191150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191150" title="Wajs">
Wajs

Wajs is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31191168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191168" title="Plunger (disambiguation)">
Plunger (disambiguation)

A plunger is a device that is used to release stoppages in plumbing
Plunger may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31191172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191172" title="Manor Park Country Park">
Manor Park Country Park

Manor Park Country Park is a country park in West Malling, Kent, England. The park, formerly the private gardens of the nearby Douces Manor was purchased from the manor's owners by Kent County Council in 1973 to be converted into a public open space.
History.
This Country park was bought by Kent County Council, in 1973 by using a grant aid from the Countryside Commission. 
The site covers , part of which was the estate of the nearby 18th Century Manor House. The Grade Listed II building (formerly owned by Thomas Augustus Douce) is opposite the park (across St. Leonard's Street). 
It was still within the Douce family hands, until 1916, when the manor was bought by the Trustees of Fredrick Andrews to convert it into a convalscent home for ladies.
The house was then used in the Second World War to accommodate airmen and was used as the headquarters and Mess for officers flying from the nearby RAF West Malling Airfield. Inside the Georgian wine cellar (of the house), 'the Twitch Inn' was established. This was so named because of all the nervous tics caused by constantly looking out for enemy aircraft, of the pilots. Names of the pilots are still etched on the walls of the cellar. Many famous air aces have frequented Douces Manor, including ‘Sailor’ Moran, Stanford Tuck, Guy Gibson (a Dambusters pilot) and Wing Commander John ‘Cats Eyes’ Cunningham (a top RAF night-flight pilot) with his navigator Jimmy Rawnsley. The Twitch Inn is now designated as a Heritage Centre by the Tonbridge and Malling Borough Council and is let to the Parish Council on a peppercorn rent for 125 years. The centre opens up to 20 times a year and displays artefacts currently in the possession of the Malling Society, including Guy Gibson's uniform. Beechcroft Developments (current owners of Douces Manor) donated up to £5,000 to get the fund-raising for the heritage centre.
Description.
The park is divided into 4 main sections;- the Lake, Douce's Meadow, Ice House Field, Abbey Field and Chestnut Paddocks. 
Adjacent to the country park is St Leonard's Tower. 
The country park has previously hosted a Kent Big Weekend Event.
Two public footpaths lead through the park. Ref No's MR141 and MR142.
As well as various other trails within the park and around the lake.
The park also is acreddited with a Green Flag Award by Natural England.
Location.
The park is situated on St. Leonard's Road between West Malling and Kings Hill, not far from the A228 West Malling bypass. The park's car park operates a Pay and Display for parking fees.

</doc>
<doc id="31191173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191173" title="Li Xuefeng">
Li Xuefeng

Li Xuefeng (; 1907 - 2003) was a Chinese Communist politician. He occupied several prominent regional offices prior to the founding of the People's Republic in 1949. In 1960 he became the first political commissar of the Beijing Military Region. He took over the Beijing party organization as its First Secretary after the purge of Peng Zhen in May 1966, and was sent to take reins of Hebei's Revolutionary Committee between 1968 and 1971. However, his support for Chen Boda during the 1971 Lushan Conference branded him as a supporter of Lin Biao and he was purged and sent into internal exile in Anhui province for eight years. He was politically rehabilitated in 1982, and went on to serve in several advisory positions in the party.
Biography.
Li Xuefeng joined the Communist Party of China in 1933 and served in several roles, like propaganda chief or organization chief in the Party committees of Shanxi, Beijing, Hebei and Henan. Hebei and Henan were long under the Zhili Province before being split by the Republic of China in 1928.
In 1947, he was appointed deputy secretary of the "Central Plains Bureau" of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, an office responsible for coordinating military efforts around the Yellow River, and concurrently deputy director of the Central Organization Department. In addition, in 1949 he was secretary of the CPC Henan Committee and political commissar of the Henan Military Region.
After the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, Li was appointed head of the Organization Department of the Central-South China Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, as well as deputy secretary of the Bureau, and concurrently vice-chairman of the Central-South Administrative Council. In 1954 he was elevated to Deputy General Secretary of the Central Committee directly under Deng Xiaoping, and head of the Transports and Communications Department in 1956. He was also a member of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress from 1954 to 1963.
He was elected a full member of the CPC Central Committee at the Eight National Congress held in 1956. In 1960 he was transferred to the posts of first secretary of the North China Bureau of the Central Committee and first political commissar of the Beijing Military Region.
With the outburst of the Cultural Revolution, Li Xuefeng was seen as one of its early supporters. After Peng Zhen, Mayor of Beijing, was overthrown for opposing Mao Zedong over the course of the Cultural Revolution in May 1966, Li Xuefeng replaced him as first secretary of the CPC Beijing Committee, and in August he was promoted an alternate member of the CPC Politburo. His first acts as Party chief in Beijing were to dismiss the editorial boards of several local newspapers and the CPC committee in the University of Beijing, provisionally replacing it with a "work team" charged with providing political education to the students and pushing them to join the Cultural Revolution movement.
His perceived low support for the Red Guards and Mao's criticism towards the "work teams", thought to be harmful to the Cultural Revolution and the source of the students' inner fighting, led to Li's rapid downfall. In 1967, as both the Beijing Municipal Government and CPC Municipal Committee were reorganized in a Revolutionary Committee, Li was sent to Tianjin away from limelight. He resurfaced in February 1968, when he was appointed chairman of the Revolutionary Committee of Hebei Province; in April of the same year, he was confirmed as an alternate member of the Politburo at the Ninth Congress of the CPC.
In 1971, Li's support for Chen Boda during the troublesome Second Plenary Session of the Ninth Central Committee held in Lushan in 1970 led him to be identified as a member of Lin Biao's conspiracy against Mao, who called him one of Lin's "big generals". Thus, he was sent to confinement in Anhui for eight years. The accusation of being part of Chen Boda's "anti-party clique" was confirmed in 1973 at the Party's Tenth Congress.
Li Xuefeng was never expelled from the Party, and, despite his ambivalent attitude during the Cultural Revolution, he was rehabilitated in 1982. In June 1983, he was elected member of the Standing Committee of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, a post he had previously held from 1959 to 1965. He was also a member of the Central Advisory Committee.
After having retired from political roles between the late 1980s and early 1990s, Li Xuefeng died in Beijing in 2003, aged 97.

</doc>
<doc id="31191174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191174" title="Lullingstone Country Park">
Lullingstone Country Park

Lullingstone Country Park is near Eynsford, in Kent, England. A former deer park of a large estate, later sold to become an open-space and woodland park.
History.
This 460 acre country park is between Eynsford and Shoreham; it was formerly a medieval deer park, and part of the estate and Manor of Lullingstone, which was mentioned in the Domesday Survey. In 1934, much of the park was sold to Kemp Town Brewery, Brighton who later sold it to Kent County Council in 1938. 
In 1944, during the 2nd World War, a decoy airfield was sited in the park, and Lullingstone Castle was used by the army.
The Lullingstone estate was also hit by various German bombs; most craters have been covered up. One crater is now hidden by trees.
In the mid-1960s, Kent County Council leased the park to Dartford Rural District Council, who created an 18-hole golf course in the park. Later in the 20th Century, a 9-hole course was also added. This still occupies the western and central section of the park.
The park is currently leased by Sevenoaks District Council, but the park is maintained by Kent County Council. Lullingstone Castle and its grounds remain in private ownership. Under the Hart-Dyke's.
In 1964, Summerhouse Knoll (a grass hill) within the park was dug up by Crayford Archaeological Research Group who found 1st Century pottery.
Geography.
The park is well renowned for its collection of ancient trees within the park. These include 300 veteran oaks, beechs, hornbeams, ash (Fraxinus), and sweet chestnut trees. These include specimens estimated to be around 500 years old. As well as the woodlands, the park has large meadow land areas, with plentiful species of plants within, including orchids and other native wildflowers and butterflies.
The River Darent flows through the eastern valley section of the park, alongside the Darent Valley Path (long distance path). Sections of the river are widened to create lakes and ponds. These also attract wildlife including, kingfishers, herons, grass snakes, dragonflies and damselflies.
Several marked trails exist within the park. The White Woodland Walk is a 2-mile heading through Beechen Wood and past the Orchid Bank. The Black Lullingstone Loop is a 4-mile perimeter walk, via Beechen Wood (a Site of Special Scientific Interest), passing Lullingstone Roman Villa, Lullingstone Castle. It passes many of the ancient trees in the park. The Red Discovery Trail is a 1.5-mile child-friendly activity trail. The Blue Horse Trail is 4 miles. Other footpaths including public footpaths also exist within the park.
The country park held a Kent Big Weekend Event during March 2011 in the grounds of the Country Park.
The park also is acreddited with a Green Flag Award by Natural England.
See also.
Nearby, is the 15th Century Lullingstone Castle and Tom Hart Dyke's World of Garden Plants.
Also, within 1 mile of the country park is another less visited Park and woodland of Preston Hill Country Park.
How to get there.
From Eynsford, follow the A225 towards Otford. The park is on the right, after the entrance to Lullingstone Castle. Another entrance is via footpaths through Beechens Wood from Redmans Lane (bordering the park on the south).

</doc>
<doc id="31191186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191186" title="Grove Ferry Picnic Area">
Grove Ferry Picnic Area

Grove Ferry is near Upstreet, in Kent, England.
This picnic site is maintained and managed by Kent County Council.
It is beside the Grove Ferry Public House, built in 1831, (managed by Shepherd Neame).
The pub took its name from a hand drawn ferry that crossed the River Stour, Kent in front of the building. The pub was also known as Grove Ferry Inn. It still continues to offer bed and breakfast stays.
The road Bridge (over the River Stour) replaced the old ferry in 1963.
Kent County Council renovated the Grove Ferry bridge, in September 2000.
It is close to the railway level crossing, (the site of a former dismantled railway station). The road leads down from to the crossing and then over the bridge, before heading to Grove Hill or Preston. 
When the level crossing is down, cars are queued back over the bridge.
The picnic site is to the right of the pub car park beside the river. 
It is a good starting point, for doing sections of the long distance walks; Stour Valley Walk, the Saxon Shore Way or the Wantsum Walks (beside the Wantsum Channel), all that lead beside the River Stour.
It is also adjacent to the Stodmarsh National Nature Reserve. The river is part of an area designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), recently upgraded to an International RAMSAR site. 
Fishing rights were granted during the reign of King Henry II and are still available today along the river bank. 
Some of the fishing swims (sections of the river where fish are found) have been adapted for those with disabilities. The Canterbury and District Angling Club hold most fishing rights over the River Stour. Subject to an agreement between the Association and English Nature.
Grove Ferry Boat Club was founded in 1964.You will find the clubhouse, dating from the early seventies, on the south bank of the River Great Stour, (the second largest river in Kent) It lies just below the Grove Ferry Bridge, some 8 miles east of Canterbury.
Location.
The postcode is CT3 4BP. On Grove Road between Upstreet and Grove Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="31191188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191188" title="Stubbs Wood Country Park">
Stubbs Wood Country Park

Stubbs Wood Country Park is in Sevenoaks, in Kent, England. It is located on the Greensand Ridge, close to Ide Hill village. The site is owned by Kent County Council and managed jointly with Sevenoaks District Council.
History.
In 1769, it was part of Whitley Forest, which has remained largely intact due to the varied geology and poor soil types on the downs, which are unsuitable for intensive farming.
It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest as part of the larger Scords Wood and Brockhoult Mount area (which includes Toys Hill). The ancient wood is home to many rare animals and plants.
The wood suffered badly in the Great Storm of 1987, but natural regeneration and a programme of replanting (with £5,000 of funding raised from the Ide Hill Society and given to the National Trust and Kent County Council) have helped it recover. Some huge ancient oak and beech trees survived the gales. Holly, whitebeam, ash, chestnut, hazel and rowan trees are also present. Bluebells carpet the ground in the spring.
Under Threat.
On April 4th, 2014 Stubbs Wood was put up for sale by Kent County Council, which announced a three-week consultation period. To help save the woods a campaign has been created at www.savestubbswood.co.uk. The woodland, which is part of a Site of Special Scientific Interest and also part of the Green Belt, has a number of restrictive covenants which limit its potential future use, and it also includes a network of public footpaths, which will need to be retained.
Hanging Bank.
A part of the wood near to Ide Hill is known as Hanging Bank. On 28 January 1554, during Wyatt's rebellion against Queen Mary, a rebel force of about 500 men led by Henry Isley clashed with a similar-sized loyal force led by Lord Abergavenny and Sir Robert Southwell, at Wrotham Hill. After a running battle over about four miles, the rebels made their last stand at Hartley Wood, where they were defeated. A gallows was set up in the wood and many people were hanged.
Lady Amherst's Drive.
Sarah Amherst was the first wife of William Amherst, 1st Earl Amherst, who was Governor-General of India from 1823 to 1828. Born William Pitt Amherst, he inherited the Montreal estate on the outskirts of nearby Sevenoaks from his great uncle Jeffrey Amherst, 1st Baron Amherst, who commanded the British forces in Canada who took Quebec (under General Wolfe) and Montreal – hence the name of his estate. While the estate house was long ago demolished, Wolf’s own Quebec House in nearby Westerham is now under the management of the National Trust. The Amhersts were responsible for introducing the Asian game bird known as Lady Amherst's Pheasant to Bedfordshire. Lady Amherst was fond of a drive along the Greensand Ridge through Stubbs Wood with its panoramic views of Kent.
The drive follows the line of the ancient road, the route from Bessels Green (near Sevenoaks) and Sundridge leading through Whitley Forest to Ide Hill.
In the late 18th century, this track was re-routed via Goathurst Common and made into a road.
Greensand Way.
Lady Amherst's Drive (now a track) remains as the footpath through Stubbs Wood from Sevenoaks Weald to Ide Hill. Walk 6 in "Walking in Kent" (Ide Hill to Manor Farm and then back to Ide Hill) follows the route through the wood.
Parts of the wood are accessible via horseback and bicycle on the public bridleways. Some of the paths at the top of the greensand ridge are suitable for people with walking difficulties, but others (near the Hanging Bank) are very steep.
How to get there.
Stubbs Wood can be accessed off the B2042 just south of Goathurst Common. The nearest railway station is at Sevenoaks, six miles to the north. Picnic tables are available around the car park.

</doc>
<doc id="31191194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191194" title="Preston Hill Country Park">
Preston Hill Country Park

Preston Hill Country Park is in Eynsford, in Kent, England. A former military firing range and woodland.
Within the site of the park and woodland, stood Preston Hill farmhouse. This was then damaged in 1944 after a 1000kg parachute bomb or mine was dropped, in the early hours of 22 January 1944. Three of the farmhouse occupants were killed and 8 others were injured, later the ruined farmhouse was demolished. The site was then used as a Ministry of Defence firing range (up to the 1940s); the remnants of the range can still be seen.
Since 1951 it has been a Site of Special Scientific Interest (part of "Otford To Shoreham Downs site").
Preston Hill has extensive views across the countryside from the Darenth Valley (following the River Darent) to Lullingstone Country Park.
The site has of chalk grassland and woodland with many wild flowers and rare butterflies at this site of outstanding natural beauty located within the Kent Downs.
On the grasslands, a variety of butterflies including chalkhill blues and dark green fritillaries can be seen. Since the site is relatively quiet, common adders and grass snakes can also be found. 
The grassland is grazed occasionally by a herd of feral goats, which came from the Great Orme, near Colwyn Bay in North Wales.These are used to further encourage the growth of wildflowers. 
There are paths through the woodland (called 'Preston Plantation') at the top of the hill although they are steep in places and some have become overgrown. 
The park also is acreddited with a Green Flag Award by Natural England (linked with Lullingstone Country Park).
How to get there.
Situated along A225 Station road, cross the railway (between Shoreham and Eynsford then head up Preston Hill. 
The site has no official car park, but the site is only about 1 mile from Lullingstone Country Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31191195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191195" title="Sauerland (surname)">
Sauerland (surname)

Sauerland is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31191203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191203" title="Jerry Parisella">
Jerry Parisella

Jerald A. "Jerry" Parisella is an American politician who represents the 5th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Parisella graduated from Emerson College in 1988 with a bachelor's degree in journalism. He worked as a reporter for the "Salem Evening News" from 1989 until 1991, when he became Congressman Nicholas Mavroules' press secretary.
In 1997, Parisella graduated from the New England School of Law. A year later he became an assistant city solicitor in Beverly, Massachusetts. In 2000, Parisella gave up his solicitor's job to join the law firm of Alexander & Femino, where he still practices. From 2006–2011, he was also an assistant city solicitor in Salem, Massachusetts.
Parisella is a Major in the United States Army Reserve, serving as a Judge Advocate General. In 2011 he deployed to Afghanistan with the 804th Medical Brigade. He currently serves in the 3rd LSO with fellow State Rep Harold Naughton, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="31191223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191223" title="Blackbird (Alter Bridge song)">
Blackbird (Alter Bridge song)

"Blackbird" is a song by the American rock band Alter Bridge from their album of the same name, which was released on October 8, 2007, by Universal Republic. At nearly eight minutes long, it is the band's longest song to date. It has received critical acclaim since its release, having often been cited as the crowning point of both the album and the band's career by critics, fans, and the band members themselves. In March 2011, "Guitarist" magazine listed the song's guitar solo, which is performed by both Myles Kennedy and Mark Tremonti, as the greatest guitar solo of all time.
Background.
"Blackbird" appears as the eighth track on Alter Bridge's 2007 album of the same name. It was composed and arranged by Alter Bridge, and the lyrics were written by lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Myles Kennedy, who said that the creation of the song was difficult and that it took a long time. "We beat our heads against the wall for months," he told TuneLab, "so when it finally came together it was a good moment." He also said that he feels that "Blackbird" is one of the most gratifying songs that the band has ever written. The song is inspired by Kennedy's friend Mark Morse, who died as the song was being written:
Kennedy explained that the idea for the chorus of the song came from an experience in the band's rehearsal studio:
A live version of the song appears on the band's 2009 concert film "Live from Amsterdam". The opening guitar piece of The Beatles' song of the same name is performed by Kennedy as an introduction for the song.
Reception and recognition.
Reception towards "Blackbird" has been extremely positive since its release. Vik Bansal from musicOMH referred to "Blackbird" as the album's "pièce de résistance" and stated, "An eight-minute paean to a lost loved one, it never comes close to sounding mawkish and instead counterpoints an ascendant tune with doomy, emotionally-charged riffs that somehow create a general sense of uplifting." In their review for the album, Ultimate Guitar Archive said that the song "starts out like any other rock ballad you might hear, but by the end you’ve been taken in every which direction." Sharon Mawer of Allmusic said, "It was on the title track with eight minutes of powerful emotions at work that the band really shone, the song alternating between a hard rock guitar riff-heavy number and an acoustic ballad about the loss of a loved one."
In addition to being a fan favorite, the members of the band have also cited the song as their favorite. Kennedy said in an interview with Hardrock Haven that he feels that the song is one of his top five musical achievements. When asked about the song in an interview with Rob Laing from MusicRadar, Kennedy said, "That was a really special song, I'll never forget how it felt when we'd completed that. We tapped into something that doesn't come along on every record, that's for sure. We were really happy that the people who support us really embraced it as well."
In February 2011, "Guitarist" named the song's two back-to-back guitar solos, which are respectively played by vocalist and guitarist Myles Kennedy and lead guitarist Mark Tremonti, as collectively the greatest guitar solo of all time. In a poll allowing readers to vote, the song won and defeated performances by famous rock guitarists such as Slash, Eddie Van Halen, Jimmy Page, Jimi Hendrix, John Petrucci, Steve Vai, and David Gilmour by a wide margin. "Guitarist" posted via Twitter that Alter Bridge's victory in the poll was "astonishing."

</doc>
<doc id="31191231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191231" title="Sam Edmonston">
Sam Edmonston

Samuel Sherwood Edmonston (1883–1979) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Washington Senators in 1907. He also attended Georgetown University.

</doc>
<doc id="31191237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191237" title="REI Agro Limited">
REI Agro Limited

Raindrops basmati rice comes from the house of REI Agro Limited – World’s largest basmati processing company. REI Agro Ltd was established in the year 1994 with a vision to consolidate the fragmented basmati rice industry. Today REI is India’s Leading Food Major & is listed in Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), National Stock Exchange (NSE), London Stock Exchange and Singapore Stock Exchange.The company commands a sizeable 22% share of World’s Basmati Market.
It follows an integrated business model and is equipped with the latest technology available globally. The state-of-the-art facilities and ISO 9001:2000 conforming to quality standards have resulted in superior quality grain at an excellent value proposition.The company enjoys investment grade rating from Credit Analysis & Research Limited (CARE) for short term debt.The Company offers a wide range of brands like Raindrps ELG (Extra Long Grain), Raindrops Gold Supreme, Raindrops Gold Royal, Raindrops Gold Super, Raindrops Supreme, Raindrops Royal, Raindrops Select, Raindrops Super, Raindrops Popular, Raindrops Daily and Raindrops Rozana. With wide choice at all the price points,REI Agro has become a household name.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. Sanjay Jhunjhunwala Chairman 
• Mr. Sanjay Jhunjhunwala has headed REI since its inception in 1994
• He has experience in the marketing of rice in the domestic and international markets
• He is involved in the overall strategic planning of REI.
Mr. Sandip Jhunjhunwala Vice Chairman and Managing Director 
• Mr. Sandip Jhunjhunwala, awarded Rising Entrepreneur of the year by Power Brands is one of the founding members of the company and primarily responsible for setting up a state-of-the-art processing facility in Bawal, Haryana
• He is instrumental in the development and implementation of the company's business strategy and plans
• He ensures that the company moves in line with the overall objectives and mission as set out in the business plan
• He has successfully implemented standard operating procedures at REI Agro Ltd.
Dr. ING Narpinder Kumar Gupta Independent Director 
• Dr. Gupta worked as a project engineer in Germany and acquired experience in the design, layout and construction of food processing machinery
• He is an expert in rice milling equipment in the industry
• He was awarded the degree of Doctor Engineer (PHD) by University of Dresden
• He also serves on the board of other leading rice company.
Mr. Krishna Dayal Ghosh Independent Director 
• Mr. Ghosh has experience in financial planning, industrial relations, interview techniques, management development, branch development, credit management, foreign exchange banking and merchant banking
• He formerly held the position of Deputy General Manager with Punjab National Bank
• He has handled credit decisions involving project financing, working capital financing, pre-sanction and post-sanction appraisals, follow ups, monitoring and control of various units
• He also serves on the board of REI Six Ten Retail Limited
Mr. Asoke Chatterjee Independent Director 
• Mr. Chatterjee has a vast experience in corporate governance
• He is an engineer, an approved valuer and possesses specialized knowledge in metallurgical, chemical and engineering industries, mainly in relation to rice processing plants, steel plants and heavy engineering plants
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Mandan Mishra Company Secretary 
• Mr. Mandan Mishra is the legal head and compliance officer of the company. He has worked extensively on Indian laws and has exposure to international laws. Prior to joining REI he was the head of the secretarial, legal and compliance department with a leading automobile company.
Mr. Ranjan Majummdar Chief Financial Officer 
• Mr Ranjan Majummdar is a Chartered Accountant by profession and is heading the finance department. He has vast experience in the field of finance and has worked in senior positions in the industry.
Mr. Atul Saxena General Manager – Operations 
• Mr Atul Saxena is in charge of operations and has been associated with the company since inception. He has successfully set up state of the art processing facilities for the company.
Mr. Danish Beg VP, Corporate Finance 
• Mr Danish Beg heads the Corporate Finance function for the company. He also heads Investor and Public Relations for the company. He has been actively involved in all the capital raising for the company. Prior to joining REI he worked with one of the largest trading house’s in India.
Mr. Vipin Sharma VP, Marketing 
• Mr. Vipin Sharma previously headed the retail marketing for one of the largest retail companies in the country and has a vast experience in the marketing and distribution of various products.

</doc>
<doc id="31191239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191239" title="Ecuador national under-17 football team">
Ecuador national under-17 football team

The Ecuadorian national under-17 football team represents Ecuador in international under-17 football competitions and is controlled by the Ecuadorian Football Federation.
Current squad.
This is the squad called up for the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31191241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191241" title="Emminger Reform">
Emminger Reform

The Emminger Decree or Emminger Reform (, "Lex Emminger", or '; formally the ') was an emergency decree in the democratic Weimar Republic by Justice Minister Erich Emminger (BVP) on 4 January 1924 that among other things abolished the jury as trier of fact and replaced it with a mixed system of judges and lay judges in Germany's judiciary which still exists today.
Jury trial abolition.
Background.
The modern jury trial was first introduced in the Rhenish provinces in 1798, with a court consisting most commonly of 12 citizens ('). A Swabian ordinance of 1562 had also called for the summons of jurymen ('), and various methods were in use in Emmendingen, Oppenau, and Oberkirch. Hauenstein's charter of 1442 secured the right to be tried in all cases by 24 fellow equals, and in Friburg the jury was composed of 30 citizens and councilors. In Constance the jury trial was suppressed by decree of the Habsburg Monarchy in 1786. The Frankfurt Constitution of the failed Revolutions of 1848 called for jury trials for "the more serious crimes and all political offenses", but was never implemented.
The system whereby citizens were tried by their peers chosen from the entire community in open court was gradually superseded by an "engine of tyranny and oppression" in Germany in which the process of investigation was secret and life and liberty depended upon judges appointed by the state. There was an 1873 proposal by the Prussian Ministry of Justice to abolish the jury and replace it with the mixed system. The jury system was implemented in the German Empire by the Gerichtsverfassungsgesetz (GVG) of 27 January 1877 with the jury court ("") consisting of 3 judges and 12 jurymen. The Weimar Republic was created in 1919 when German Empire Chancellor Friedrich Ebert signed the Weimar Constitution into law on 11 August 1919.
On 11 January 1923 the Belgian and French Army initiated the Occupation of the Ruhr which would last until 25 August 1925 in response to the failure of the Weimar Republic to pay the World War I reparations in the aftermath of World War I. In May 1923 Justice Minister Rudolf Heinze (DVP) under Chancellor Wilhelm Cuno attempted to replace the jury system with large lay judge (') courts, but this was defeated in the Reichstag. An Article 48 (of the Weimar Constitution) state of emergency was proclaimed by President Ebert on 26 or 27 September 1923 that lasted until February 1924, in tandem with the announcement by Chancellor Gustav Stresemann of the end to the resistance against the Occupation of the Ruhr. Hyperinflation in the Weimar Republic would reach its peak in November 1923. On 8 December 1923 the Reichstag passed an enabling act (') empowering the government to take all measures it deemed necessary and urgent with regard to the state of emergency and would last until 15 February 1924. Acts passed pursuant to Article 48 emergencies and their enabling acts are referred to as "", or emergency decrees.
Abolition.
On 4 January 1924 Justice Minister Erich Emminger (BVP) under Chancellor Wilhelm Marx (Centre Party) issued the ' (Emminger Reform) which abolished the jury in the ' and replaced it with a mixed system of 3 professional judges and 6 lay judges, but kept the original name. The reform was presented as an emergency, money-saving measure in a period of acute financial stringency. Although a special meeting of the German Bar ("") demanded the revocation of the decrees, and while the Social Democrats vigorously criticized the reform as representing a flagrant usurpation of the clearly expressed wishes of the Reichstag and called for the restitution of the jury in 1925, the decrees largely caused very little commotion.
Aftermath.
The use of lay judges was completely eliminated on the first day of World War II, with the exception of the infamous People's Court. The jury system has never been reintroduced in Germany, but between 1948 and 1950, prior to the foundation of the Federal Republic of Germany, Bavaria returned to jury trial as it had existed before the Emminger Decrees. In 1974 the number of lay judges in the "" was further reduced from 6 to 2 and in 1993 the number of professional judges was reduced from 3 to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="31191250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191250" title="Nuestra Belleza Veracruz 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Veracruz 2010

Nuestra Belleza Veracruz 2010, was held at the Hotel Holliday Inn Poza Rica, Tihuatlán, Veracruz on July 28, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Diana Botello of Boca del Río was crowned the winner. Botello was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Veracruz titleholder, Fabiola Pinal. Seven contestants competed for the state title.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31191263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191263" title="Belgian Beer Cafe">
Belgian Beer Cafe

Belgian Beer Café is a chain of concept cafes/restaurants specializing in Belgian-inspired food and Belgian beers. The company was founded in Brussels in 1998 by InBev and now is part of the Anheuser-Busch InBev Group. Currently Belgian Beer Cafés can be found in 50 cities spread out over 19 countries.
History.
The Belgian Beer Café concept comes out of the Belgian heritage of great beer, and the tradition of pairing Belgian beers with Belgian cuisine and serving them in an atmosphere that resembles a typical Belgian cafe.
The idea to (re)create the traditional cafe as an embassy of Belgian Beer, bar and food culture was born in 1997. The first Belgian Beer Café opened its doors one year later in Amersfoort, The Netherlands. Many other European countries followed rapidly. The first Café outside Europe opened in 1999 in Auckland, New Zealand.
Belgian Beer Cafés come in two slightly different concepts: rural and cosmopolitan. The rural version imitates the typical Belgian brasserie, which is rather spacious with a large amount of seating and a good view of the comings and goings. The cosmopolitan-orientated Cafés are furnished in a more efficient way, less roomy and are targeted to a different audience. The Cafés were designed by Creneau International, inspired by the look of Belgian Cafés during the interbellum and incorporating many elements of Belgian Art Nouveau architect Victor Horta.
At first, the beer menu was limited to only original InBev brands but over the years the number of participating breweries has grown. Now you can taste all different types of Belgian beers, from Pilsner to Trappist beer.
Avril Maxwell, bartender of the Belgian Beer Café in Christchurch, New Zealand won the 2009 Stella Artois World Draught Master contest.
At the World Expo 2010 in Shanghai, China, a complete Belgian Beer Café was constructed in the Belgian EU pavilion. Seven million people visited the pavilion to find out more about the Belgian fries, chocolates and diamonds. About 110,000 of them visited the Café to try Belgian beers and cuisine.
The Belgian Beer Cafés were also represented in 2011 at the Cleveland Wine Festival. During the festival, a Belgian Beer Café served Stella Artois (premium lager), Hoegaarden (white wheat beer) and Leffe (abbey beer).
International expansion.
In 2011 Belgian Beer Cafés can be found in 51 cities spread out over 20 countries and 4 continents (Europe, Asia, North America and Australia). Most of them are located in city centres, but the Cafés can also be found in hotels and at international airports.

</doc>
<doc id="31191289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191289" title="Roger M. Milgrim">
Roger M. Milgrim

Roger M. Milgrim (born March 22, 1937, in New York City) is a leading intellectual property lawyer, and the author of two four-volume law treatises widely used in the legal profession: "Milgrim on Trade Secrets" (published in 1967 and updated three times per year: in early 2011, in its 95th edition) and Milgrim on Licensing (published in 1990 and updated semiannually: in 2011 in its 33rd edition). These works are companions to other major intellectual property treatises in the LexisNexis IP series, which includes "Chisum on Patents" and "Nimmer on Copyright", which treatises are considered the leading treatise in their respective field, and are routinely cited by the U.S. Supreme Court and virtually all other courts. In late 2012 Milgrim's Guide to IP Licensing was published Wolters Kluwer. It provides an analytic approach to licensing intellecutal property, and is designed to aid prospective licensors and licensees to identify key issues in virtually every provision in an IP license.
Milgrim was a Root-Tilden Scholar at NYU School of Law, and won the National First Prize in the Nathan Burkan competition, awarded by the American Society of Authors, Composers & Publishers (ASCAP) for his essay on territoriality of copyright.He did graduate comparative law studies at NYU and the University of Paris School of Law as a Ford Foundation Fellow and a Fulbright Scholar.[2* He was the first American associate in the Paris office of Baker & McKenzie, then the largest international law firm, and entered practice in New York as an associate in Nixon, Mudge, Rose, Guthrie, Alexander & Mitchell, where he served as a personal attorney to Richard Nixon, later the 37th president of the United States, and as the senior associate in the case that Mr. Nixon argued before the U.S. Supreme Court, Hill v. Time, Inc., 385 U.S. 374 (1967). That case explored the relationship of the First Amendment and the Right of Privacy.
In 1968 Milgrim co-founded the firm of Milgrim Thomajan & Lee, which was soon listed in The American Lawyer first as one or the 25 leading small, and later, one of the 25 leading midsized law firms in the United States. By 1992 it had grown from two to 160 lawyers in five cities (NY, Boston, Austin (Texas), Washington, DC, and Los Angeles). In 1992 Milgrim and his firm’s intellectual property group joined the New York office of the law firm of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker, a prominent international law firm, where he served as a senior partner and held such positions as the head of the Firm’s intellectual property group and the Firm’s litigation department.
In addition to practice, Milgrim taught trade secret and intellectual property law at NYU School of Law for over two decades, and has also lectured at numerous law schools, including Columbia, Fordham, Kansas, Loyola (Chicago), Stanford, Texas and Yale. He has been a principal speaker before many bar associations, including those of California, Illinois, Michigan, New York and Texas. He was one of four speakers at the Tokyo Press Club where the then new Japanese Unfair Competition Prevention Law was discussed before an audience of Japanese executives and lawyers; the other three speakers were the heads of the Japanese and U.S. patent offices and a professor from the Max Planck Institute (Japanese law is based on the German Civil Code). Milgrim was the first Dean’s Distinguished Lecturer at the Annenberg School for Communication of the University of Pennsylvania, which lecture, the following year, was given by Cass Sunstein, professor of law (then at the University of Chicago) and currently the Advisor to the White House for Information and Regulatory Affairs, advising president Barack Obama. 
Milgrim has also lectured to numerous legal departments, including AT&T, Eastman Kodak, Exxon, PPG, Procter & Gamble and United Technologies. He has been listed in America’s Best Lawyers in every year since its inception in 1980, not only in the intellectual property category but also on occasion in the field of corporate law. In addition to an active transactional and litigation practice, he has been active as a lawyer’s lawyer, serving as an expert witness in the field of trade secret and intellectual property licensing practices in over 35 litigations, having been retained by a wide variety of law firms including Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft, Gibson, Dunn, Hogan & Hartson, Keker & Van Nest, Kirkland & Ellis, Latham & Watkins, 
Quinn Emanuel, Skadden Arps, Sullivan & Cromwell, White & Case and Wilson Sonsini.
Milgrim has served on the boards of directors of Technip (a Paris-based NYSE-Euronext major international engineering firm, which is one of the CAC 40 public companies, the French equivalent of the Dow Jones Industrial Average), Coflexip-Stenna, and on the boards of not for profits, such as The Fulbright Association and The Brooklyn Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="31191293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191293" title="Gift Banda">
Gift Banda

Gift Banda is a Zimbabwean soccer administrator. He is the President and founder of the Njube Sundowns Football Club, Chairman of the ZIFA Southern Region and by virtue of this, Board Member of the Zimbabwe Football Association.
In 1996, Mr Banda togather with the late football legend Joshua Mhizha founded the Njube Sundowns Football Club. The team which started off in Division Two was promoted to Premier Soccer League in 2000 after winning Southern Region Division One league.

</doc>
<doc id="31191305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191305" title="Gare de Boucau">
Gare de Boucau

Boucau is a railway station in Boucau, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Irun railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Boucau:

</doc>
<doc id="31191306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191306" title="MiMedia">
MiMedia

MiMedia is a cloud-based online backup service. It was launched in 2010 by technology startup company MiMedia, LLC, based in Port Chester, New York. MiMedia is similar to a number of other backup services, such as AltDrive, Mozy, Carbonite, and Dropbox.
As well as traditional file uploads, MiMedia allows users to back up files using physical media via a 'Shuttle Drive'. This is a portable hard drive that is mailed to users as part of the subscription cost. Once returned the files are then transferred to MiMedia's servers directly, avoiding potential bottlenecks arising from typically low upload speeds on broadband connections. Files can then be accessed, and streamed with no downloads needed, from any internet-enabled device.
In 2011, MiMedia announced partnerships with BlueTunes and DiJiFi that allow customers from both sites to back up their respective music files and digital photographs to a MiMedia account. In May, MiMedia unveiled a new pricing plan, by which users can get up to 7GB of storage space for free

</doc>
<doc id="31191318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191318" title="Juraj Szikora">
Juraj Szikora

Juraj Szikora (2 March 1947 – 12 December 2005) was a Slovak football player. He played for Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="31191328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191328" title="Hemolivia">
Hemolivia

Hemolivia (also spelled "Haemolivia") is a genus of the phylum Apicomplexia.
History.
This genus was described in 1990 by Petit "et al".
The type species is "Hemolivia stellata".
Characteristics of the genus.
The species in this genus are haemogregarines and infect exothermic vertebrates.
They have erythrocytic gamogony, both erythrocytic and extra-erythrocytic merogony and cystogony.
The definitive hosts are ixodid ticks.
Sporogony occurs in two phases. In the first phase conjugation and fertilization occur within the tick gut. This is followed by the formation of oocysts and the generation of sporokinetes. In the second phase the sporokinetes invade the body of the tick and give rise to sporocysts containing sporozoites infective to the vertebrate host.
Life cycle.
The vertebrate host of this species is the cane toad ("Bufo marinus"). The invertebrate host is the tick "Amblyomma rotondatum".
Toads become infected by ingesting infected ticks. The sporozoites are released from the sporocysts within the tick and penetrate the intestinal wall. Within the toad they replicate within the endothelial cells and erythrocytes. Liver cysts may form.
Circulating gamonts are then ingested by a tick. Within the tick gut the gamonts form pairs and penetrate the epithelial cells. Within these cells they associate in syzygy. Gametes are formed and fuse forming an oocyst. The oocysts are star shaped. The oocyst undergoes meiosis and then mitosis producing numerous sporozoites.
These sporozoites invade the body of the tick, undergo merogony and giving rise to many merozoites which are infective for the toad.
Host records.
"H. mariae" - blue-tongued skink ("Tiliqua rugosa")
"H. mauritanica" - Greek tortoise ("Testudo graeca"), marginated tortoise ("Testudo marginata"), "Testudo mauritanica"
"H. stellata" - teiid lizard ("Ameiva ameiva"), cane toad ("Bufo marinus")
Vectors.
"H. mariae" - "Amblyomma limbatum"
"H. mauritanica" - "Hyalomma aegyptium"
"H. stellata" - "Amblyomma rotondatum".

</doc>
<doc id="31191346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191346" title="Santa Aurea">
Santa Aurea

The Basilica of Santa Aurea is a church situated in the Ostia Antica district of Ostia, Italy. Ostia became an episcopal see as early as the 3rd century AD. The present-day church, completed in 1483, it was the seat of the suburbicarian diocese of Ostia until 1966, when Ostia became part of the diocese of Rome. 
The church was built at the end of the 15th century by order of the French cardinal Guillaume d'Estouteville, and was completed by Cardinal Giuliano della Rovere (the future Pope Julius II). The actual construction was entrusted to Baccio Pontelli, who had also built the neighboring fortress. 
It is uncertain whether the church was built over a pre-existing Paleochristian church, but according to tradition, the patron saint of Ostia, the martyr Saint Aurea, was buried near the present-day location of the church. According to tradition, the relics of Saint Monica, mother of Augustine of Hippo, rested at this early church of Santa Aurea before being translated to Rome to the church of San Trifone in Posterula and finally to the Basilica di Sant'Agostino. The relics of St. Asterius of Ostia are enshrined at Santa Aurea.
The inside of the basilica contains a single nave, and the church is illuminated by a rose window and double lancet windows dating from the 1400s. The church contains a chapel dedicated to Saint Monica, which contains a sepulchral stone re-discovered in the summer of 1945 that contains a funerary epigraph written by Anicius Bassus. The fragment was discovered after two boys were digging a hole to plant a football post in the courtyard beside Santa Aurea.
The chapel contains a painting by Pietro da Cortona called the "Ecstasy of Saint Monica" ("Estasi di santa Monica"). The apse is dedicated with frescoes of the 16th century. The basilica, center of a parish dating from the Paleochristian age, has been a "titulus" since the 12th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="31191368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191368" title="BAE Batterien">
BAE Batterien

BAE Batterien is a producer of lead acid batteries for automotive and industrial applications and is headquartered in Germany since 1899. 
The company is selling its batteries worldwide for the use in photovoltaic (solar-power related), telecommunication systems, electric utilities, railroads, uninterruptible power supply (UPS) and motive-power applications including lift trucks, forklift trucks, high-rack stackers, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31191372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191372" title="Guilt (Nero song)">
Guilt (Nero song)

"Guilt" is the third single from English dubstep trio Nero. It was released as a digital download on 22 April 2011 by Chase & Status' record label, MTA Records. This song is featured on Nero's debut album "Welcome Reality".
Critical reception.
The song has been generally well received, with Lewis Corner of "Digital Spy" rating it "5 stars" and naming it a "speaker blowing tune". Zane Lowe named the single in his "Hottest Record" blog, calling it "Epic blockbuster dubstep". Amy Dawson of the "Metro" said that the track manages to "meld a feathery female vocal with a low-slung, wibbling beast of a chorus that should steamroller through stadiums".
Chart performance.
The single "Guilt" made its first appearance on the UK chart on 1 May 2011, when it debuted at number 8. The single spent one week in the top 10, sliding to number 15 on its second official week in the chart. "Guilt" spent a total of seven weeks in the top 40, falling out on 19 June 2011. The single also reached peaks of number 2 and number 4 on the independent chart and dance chart respectively - although they have since been removed from archives.
Music video.
Synopsis.
The video for the song was first posted on YouTube on 25 March 2011. It was directed by Christian Larson. It features an exotic dancer, Lucy Cork, entertaining business-like clients in a futuristic club called "Guilt" to the beat of the song. It begins by following two customers into the club. The vocalist, Alana, is occasionally seen to be in the same club, and is intermittently cut to during the vocal parts of the song. The action focusses mostly around one exotic dancer with a facial covering. As the song hits its breakdown, we see an overhead shot of the futuristic city, before cutting back to the club, where the dancer asks a client (who wears sunglasses similar to those worn by the Nero members in the video for "Me & You") in an unknown subtitled tongue ""Do you want to see the special show?"". The client nods, and the dance continues as the music reenters. The dancer displays extreme pole dancing moves as light begins to shine from her eyes. As the song ends, the clients jump to their feet, celebrating, and the dancer pulls her facial covering down to reveal a deformed mouth area and what appear to be fangs. A glass smashes and the camera zooms out past the "Guilt" sign on the door.

</doc>
<doc id="31191375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191375" title="Ghost of Days Gone By">
Ghost of Days Gone By

"Ghost of Days Gone By" is a song written and performed by Alter Bridge, released in the United States as the third single from their third album, "AB III", on April 18, 2011. In the United States, the song was self-released via EMI, like the album. It is unknown when or if the single will be released in other countries. Musically, the song features a somewhat lighter tone than other songs on the album except for the much heavier and darker bridge. The song's lyrics are about reminiscing past memories and "coming to terms with the fact that time will go on."
Background.
The band hinted via Facebook that "Ghost of Days Gone By" would be released as the second single in North America and the third single overall, after "Isolation" and "I Know It Hurts," the latter of which was released worldwide except for the United States. On March 7, 2011 the band wrote on Facebook "The Ghost Of Days Gone By... haunting North America this spring... It's coming!!!" It was later shown on FMQB that the song would be self-released via EMI to rock radio on April 18, 2011. The official artwork for the single was designed by guitarist Mark Tremonti's brother Dan Tremonti, who has designed all of the artwork for the band. It was revealed via Facebook on March 17, 2011. It was released to rock radio on March 28, 2011.
Song meaning.
Lead vocalist Myles Kennedy said that the song is "a bit of a departure from the theme of the rest of the record." He explained:

</doc>
<doc id="31191378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191378" title="Döderhultarn Museum">
Döderhultarn Museum

Döderhultarn Museum () is a museum located in Oskarshamn, Sweden.
General information.
Axel Petersson "Döderhultarn" (1868–1925), was a famous Swedish woodcarver. In the Döderhultarn Museum there is a collection of his work, with more than 200 wooden sculptures. The museum is located to the same building as the library in the central parts of Swedish town Oskarshamn.

</doc>
<doc id="31191387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191387" title="List of buildings and structures in Guinea-Bissau">
List of buildings and structures in Guinea-Bissau

A list of notable buildings and structures in Guinea-Bissau:

</doc>
<doc id="31191393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191393" title="Hank Gehring">
Hank Gehring

Henry Gehring (1881–1912) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Washington Senators in 1907 and 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="31191412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191412" title="Journalism and freedom">
Journalism and freedom

"Journalism and Freedom" was an article by Rupert Murdoch that appeared in "The Wall Street Journal" 's online "Opinion Journal" on 8 December 2009. 
"Journalism and Freedom" was adapted from a speech given by Murdoch (Chairman and CEO of News Corporation) at the Federal Trade Commission's Workshop on Journalism and the Internet, held on 1 December 2009. In this article Murdoch discusses his views on government involvement in the press in the form of subsidies, the outdated "20th century business models" of newspapers which rely on advertising revenues and the detrimental effects these have on creators of established news content and the newspaper industry as a whole. He also argues that government funding compromises independent journalism and is a greater threat to competitive and unbiased press than digital technologies are. Also discussed is the impact of internet search engines and open content news material available online and new methods and models of content delivery portal electronic devices and media (e-readers, smart phones, laptops) and how this will affect delivery of news content in the future.
The debate surrounding "Journalism and Freedom" has focused on the threat of new technologies, and the role that they play in the decline of traditional newspapers. Murdoch does not blame new technologies for the decline of newspapers, rather the lack of regulation which allows journalists content to be used without payment. He sees the opportunities technologies can bring, creating a much wider audience for newspapers. Opinions have also been voiced concerning government interventions and the suitability of these as a way of rescuing the industry. Other revenue and business models have been proposed as an alternative to existing ones, as traditional models are failing.
Decline of the industry.
A report in 2009 highlighted the decline of newspaper circulation as figures showed that the industry as a whole sold fewer newspapers than at any other time since the 1940s. Within the report, free online content and business models were blamed for their part in the downturn; an opinion in agreement with Murdoch's article.
"The Wall Street Journal"'s circulation in 2009 defied the trend as their circulation rose 0.6% and in 2010 they topped the list of circulating figures for American newspapers . The "Journal" sells online subscriptions, which is seen as a reason for their success.
Revenue models.
Traditional print based media relies heavily upon advertisements and classified adverts for the generation of the majority of their revenue, which accounts for upwards of three quarters of total income. This subsidy covers the expensive printing and distribution costs of the publication which was estimated to be between 30-40% and 11% respectively of total operating costs in 2006. Although online advertisements revenue have overtaken their print counterparts recently, the vast majority of this is spent on search engines and pay-per-click content rather than more traditional advertising on news websites such as banners.
Users do not appear willing to pay for general digital news content. Publications such as the "New York Times" have launched premium subscription based content "TimeSelect" in the past but uptake was low and it was eventually removed, but this is not to say that users will never pay for content, yet as of now it has not been successful for a main stream publication as a method of generating revenue. James Jarvis, an American journalist, stated that ""TimesSelect" is dead...with it goes any hope of charging for content online, Content is now and forever free". One reason for this is that there are is an abundance of free sources online for news, therefore few users will feel the need to pay for content that is available without charge elsewhere. Murdoch states that it is his belief that users in the future will indeed be willing to pay for digital news if the content is worthy, which is evident in the recent launch of the "The Daily", an iPad-only daily newspaper which sells at 99 cents (US) per week. In the UK, "The Times" newspaper (also owned by Murdoch) saw its readership decline by 90% in 2010 after it introduced a paywall. In response to Murdoch's article, Kathy Gill claims that customers will not pay for content that is available elsewhere for free and that there needs to be a distinction made between what they will and won't pay for. There are also claims of hypocrisy in what Murdoch says as "The Wall Street Journal" has been criticised for not providing links to competitors in their own articles.
Attracting readers.
The globalisation of media and the new formats available are seen by Murdoch as an opportunity and the increased competition created good for consumers. People no longer want to be restricted by one format so newspapers must adapt their delivery models. Murdoch states that the customer base newspapers already have is an advantage as they can attract readers equally to their online versions. The standard of journalism is also likely to be more professional. Murdoch's vision of the future for newspapers online is that if readers are targeted and the content offered is of a high quality, people will be willing to pay for it.
Technology.
As Murdoch states, readers use different technology platforms to access news content. Portable devices with considerably better processors, such as smartphones, laptops and tablet PCs which has made the gathering and dissemination of information much easier and increased the connection possibilities of news content which can be accessed by a larger number of people. Availability of news has now become considerabley more selective and flexible in terms of where it can be accessed. This means that it is likely that those who seek online news will consume more news in general as those who purchase the physical copy of the newspaper will be more and not less likely to access the same publications website. Murdoch states that adherence to business models based upon advertising on the part of news papers is responsible for declining revenues. Additionally, those who consume a lot of news offline will access online news more frequently. This, he argues, means that journalists and readers alike have perhaps been able to research more thoroughly using search engines, stumbling serendipitously upon sources online which they may not have encountered in an analogue environment. This has given rise to new challenges for media organisations in terms of delivering content to users. .
It is debatable whether online and offline news content are competing or complementary products. Some argue that the Internet presents too much competition for traditional newspapers. In terms of trust, there is also an assumption that news content delivered online may be inferior to content delivered by newspapers. However, there is also the issue of users finding online content less trust worthy. This could be linked to it being free and assumption that online news content is possibly less likeable, satisfying and enjoyable. However, as the article discuss, technology is not necessarily the cause of the decline in revenues from traditional news paper formats. Others. like Google CEO Eric Schmidt say that technology is definitely not to blame and can actually help newspapers to progress and avoid decline. Obsolescence of single delivery format is unlikely as both print and online serve different purposes and audiences.
Content creators and aggregators.
Murdoch also attacks news aggregator services, which he sees as being parasitic in that they are benefiting from news which they have not created or contributed to in any way. This refers to news websites who gather content for users, which allow them to access news stories on multiple sources, often on one specified area or topic of interest in order to save them time and effort but also blogs and even websites such as Yahoo! News and MSN. He comments that this it is particularly unfair to edit and rewrite articles that journalists have invested their time and effort in, especially in cases when they are not cited as being the original author or plagiarised. 
He challenges that this kind of behaviour constitutes fair use and that those who do not contribute or create the news content that they publish on their websites or blogs can profit from the efforts of the aforementioned journalist while adding very little themselves. Also that this current practice cannot continue indefinitely.
Murdoch's statements were attacked by "Huffington Post" founder Arianna Huffington stating that "Murdoch confused aggregation with wholesale misappropriation". She argued that aggregation was not misappropriation and that most journalists liked the traffic consequently driven to them. Also, Murdoch's own companies were as guilty for aggregating content like the political tracker on Fox News.com and the Rotten Tomatoes web site.
Government intervention.
The level of financial support for newspapers from the American Government is decreasing and some believe this is a factor in the decline of the traditional newspaper industry. One instance of where governments have withdrawn from the industry came with the rise of e-government, bringing about less of a need for local authorities to pay for advertising space in newspapers.
There is a debate between those who are calling for more government funding to support the industry and others who believe this would be contrary to free speech and create unfair competition. Similar examinations are occurring in other countries as countries like Austria, France Norway and Sweden are looking to change their current subsidy models. It is possible for news organisations to receive public money and still maintain neutrality, most notably, the BBC. Tension also exists between direct subsidies like help with printing, distribution, research, and training, and indirect subsidies like tax concessions. Indirect subsidies are a more common model of government intervention.
Changes in government legislation is seen as another option. The example of the U.S. auto industry has been brought up to demonstrate that the newspaper industry needs more than financing to survive. Murdoch asserts that newspapers themselves need to look at new ways of surviving, competing and generating revenue as government financing merely "props up those who are producing things that customers do not want". As Murdoch suggests, new business models need to be created and the industry – along with government - needs to be more proactive. Better legislation concerning newspapers and for the protection of newspapers is, says Murdoch, the best way to ensure the future of quality journalism.
Legislation was introduced in 2009 by senator Ben Cardin of Maryland to help struggling newspapers. Under section 501(c) of the U.S. tax code, newspapers could become nonprofits and thus benefit from tax breaks similar to those awarded to charities, and educational and cultural nonprofits. So far, the bill has not progressed in Congress and it is questioned whether newspapers with existing debt would be able to be saved by this.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is also looking into protecting newspapers through policy. New ways of generating revenue, greater protection of intellectual property (an area Murdoch expresses concern about), a redefining of "fair use", and potential areas of government intervention are discussed in the FTC's "Potential Policy Recommendations to support the reinvention of Journalism".
There is also a case for no intervention at all, and that newspapers must find their own way. If this results in some of them ceasing to exist, this is merely the reflection of the market. It may also encourage newspapers to find their own way of dealing with the downturn, perhaps through greater emphasis on collaboration with each other.
Murdoch's article calls for the government to reassess its regulation of news corporation ownership and copyright legislation. He believes that the governments role should be to protect the intellectual property of the newspapers and their journalists, get rid of regulations which hinder investment, and not restrict Cross ownership in the media. The relaxing of regulation could lead to less choice for consumers. American news is dominated by 5 corporations (including Murdoch's) and a change in cross-ownership rules could hinder other news companies from prospering.

</doc>
<doc id="31191428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191428" title="Kosmos 2471">
Kosmos 2471

Kosmos 2471 ( meaning "Cosmos 2471"), also known as Glonass-K1 No.11 is a Russian navigation satellite which was launched in 2011. The first Glonass-K satellite to be launched, it is one of two Glonass-K1 spacecraft which will serve as prototypes for the operational Glonass-K2 spacecraft.
Kosmos 2471 is a satellite, which was built by ISS Reshetnev based on the Ekspress-1000A satellite bus. The spacecraft has three-axis stabilisation to keep it in the correct orientation, and will broadcast signals in the L1, L2 and L3 navigation bands for Russian military and commercial users. 
In addition to its navigation payloads, the satellite also carries a Kospas-Sarsat search and rescue payload.
The satellite is located in a medium Earth orbit with an apogee of , a perigee of , and 64.8 degrees of inclination. It is equipped with two solar panels to generate power, and is expected to remain in service for ten years. It is expected to enter service by the end of 2011.
Kosmos 2471 was launched from Site 43/4 at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in northwest Russia. A Soyuz-2.1b carrier rocket with a Fregat upper stage was used to perform the launch, which took place at 03:07:15 UTC on 26 February 2011. The launch successfully placed the satellite into a Medium Earth orbit. It subsequently received its Kosmos designation, and the international designator 2011-009A. The United States Space Command assigned it the Satellite Catalog Number 37372.

</doc>
<doc id="31191431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191431" title="Fella-Werke">
Fella-Werke

Fella-Werke GmbH is a German forage harvesting company based in Feucht, Germany (located just southwest of Nuremberg in Bavaria). It was established in 1918 as a harrow manufacturing company, but since then has been through many changes. 
Currently, Fella has the industry's largest product range of mowers, tedders and rakes. The machines are a vibrant red color with safety tarps in a bright yellow color. The logo is also a vibrant red square with a white circle inside which states Fella in bold black letters. The Fella slogan is ‘"Harvesting Energy"’.
History of the name.
The origin of the name Fella is not entirely clear, however, the common belief is that it was derived from the Egyptian word "fellah" meaning farmer or peasant. The ‘fallahin’ (plural) were used by pharaohs in ancient Egypt to create their pyramids. They still exist in Egypt today and are the lowest social class. They are in a constant struggle to increase their social standing. This is believed to be a link between Fella and the journey to become one of the leading agricultural and forage harvesting companies.
History.
In 1917, Josef Hackl and Albert Löffler came up with the idea to create a harrow manufacturing company. World War I would soon be over and there would undoubtedly be an increase in farm equipment demand and sales and metal working production. Hackl and Löffler wanted to take advantage of this business opportunity. They also benefited by being involved in "Isaria-Zählerwerke" (a company that produced radios and was later purchased by Siemens).
"Isaria-Zählerwerke" is a very important part of the history of Fella. The Board members of "Isaria-Zählerwerke", which included Hackl, decided to undertake the "Bayerische Harzprodukte-Fabrik GmbH", a company that produced wood products. This company leased out their land to the furniture company "Karl Beer". That land also became important in the future of Fella-Werke. When Josef Hackl brought his idea to the Board members of "Isaria-Zählerwerke" and the "Bayerische Harzprodukte-Fabrik GmbH", they thought it could work and decided to undertake it. 
They decided to give the "Bayerische Eggenfabrik AG" (later to be known as Fella-Werke GmbH) a beginning share capital of 300,000 German Marks to set up the new company. The general thought was that after World War I there would be an increase in the demand of metal work. This demand could not be satisfied by the Munich-based "Isaria-Zählerwerke" alone.
Löffler left "Isaria-Zählerwerke" on 31 December 1917 and on 1 January 1918 he became Managing Director of the "Bayerische Eggenfabrik AG" in Feucht, Germany. The formal founding of the company took place on February 9, 1918 simultaneously while acquiring the land from the furniture company Karl Beer. The plot was approximately and was acquired for 168,000 German marks.
Under the leadership of Löffler, what is now known as Fella-Werke GmbH began as a harrow production company. It did not take long before Fella started acquiring other companies, however. In 1923, Fella acquired a loader wagon company and in 1924 they added the production of ploughs to their line. In 1931, Fella took over "Epple & Buxmann" in Augsburg. This was a crucial step in their harvesting technology. In that acquisition, Fella began their first production of mowers, tedders and rakes mainly for grain production.
In 1954, there was the introduction of Jupiter, a self-propelled combine harvester. This harvester was very modern and advanced for the time, being able to work through not only one, but many different types of grain. In 1966, Fella added yet another product to their line: silos. In the 1980s and 1990s Fella really began to focus on their forage product range. They kept a large product range, but focused on advancing in the forage harvesting industry. 
Fella has still been making technical innovations in the field with the world’s largest mounted disc mower (working width: ), the and 42.65-foot (13 m) tedders, and the TS 40000 rake.
Present.
Fella-Werke GmbH is still located in Feucht, Germany. The present product range is focused on forage harvest implements: mowers, tedders, and rakes. Fella is still known for having the largest forage harvesting product range, as well as professional sized machinery.
Management.
Fella also went through many management changes; in 1988 there was a management buy-out where Peter Timmermann became the managing director and in 1999 Timmermann sold the company to a Dutch investing group (Netagco) who invested heavily in Fella. Netagco invested specifically in upgrading the old buildings as well as building a new assembly hall and a more modern office building. 
In 2004, Fella was acquired by ARGO, who decided that their subsidiary company, Laverda, would become the parent company of Fella. In 2007, it became necessary for ARGO to sell 50% of Laverda. They sold that 50% to AGCO and in late 2010 AGCO announced its intentions to buy the remaining shares of Laverda, thereby purchasing Fella-Werke GmbH as well. This purchase was finalized in March 2011.
Current machinery range.
Fella currently offers drum mowers, disc mowers, mowers, tedders and rakes including conditioners and other attachments. 
The drum mowers come from 5.41 ft (1.65 m) to 10.04 ft (3.06 m) for a single mower. 
Disc mowers, on the other hand, come with a working width of 5.45 ft (1.66 m) up to 30.51 ft (9.30 m). These come with several different options; tine or roller conditioners as well as a conveyor belt to form a swath immediately after mowing.
Currently, Fella has the largest tedder on the market; the TH 1800 Hydro is a tedder. There are also small attachments for alpine tractors, TH 400 DS Hydro, which is 13.12 ft (4.00 m). 
Rakes include an 11.15 ft (3.40 m) TS 301 DS as the smallest alpine machine, and the TS 4000 which has a working width of 41.01 ft (12.50 m). There are several different patents and innovations here, one being the ‘jet effect’.
Manufacturing plant.
Since the founding of Fella in 1918, the property size has grown and decreased in size. In the beginning Fella was approximately and at one point grew to be approximately . At its current size, Fella is 11.37 ft (4.60 ha) with five separate buildings.
In 1997, Fella brought in a new concept to the way their manufacturing plant was set up. The decision was made to create four self-governing buildings. Each of these buildings would be responsible for its own machine type: one building for drum mowers, one for disc mowers, one for tedders, and one for rakes. There would be two responsible managers for the factory workers as well as the production requirements and plant management. Because of these modifications that helped increase productivity, and improve flexibility and quality, Fella won the 1998 "International Best Factory Award".

</doc>
<doc id="31191446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191446" title="Oscar Graham">
Oscar Graham

Oscar Marion Graham (July 20, 1878 – October 15, 1931) was a professional baseball pitcher. In a 17-year career, he won 4 games in Major League Baseball and 272 games in the minor leagues. Graham was 6 feet tall and weighed 180 pounds.
Professional career.
Graham was born in Plattsmouth, Nebraska in 1878. He started his professional baseball career in 1901. In 1902, he won 16 games in the class A Western League. Graham then went to the Pacific Coast League's Oakland Oaks, and he put up some big numbers in the long PCL seasons. In 1903, he went 28-29 with a 3.44 earned run average, pitching 504.2 innings in 61 games. He led the league in games pitched, innings pitched, losses, and earned runs (193). His 234 walks and 49 hit batters during that season are PCL records that have never been broken. Graham was also a good hitter, as he had a batting average of .323 to finish sixth in the league in that category.
In 1904, Graham had a slightly lesser workload, as he pitched 392.1 innings and went 19-23 with a 2.89 ERA. Again, he hit well and finished ninth in the batting race at .305. Graham had one of his better seasons in 1905. He pitched over 500 innings for the second time and tied his career-high in wins with 28. His ERA dropped to 2.37, and he led the league with 56 games started. The following year, he tossed another 432 innings for Oakland and went 25-23. He was purchased by the American League's Washington Senators in August of that year.
Graham made his major league debut with the Senators on April 16, 1907. He ended up appearing in 20 games for them, including 14 starts, and he went 4-9 with a 3.98 ERA. His last MLB game was on August 5, and he then finished the season with the American Association's Minneapolis Millers.
Graham started 1908 with Minneapolis. He had a win–loss record of 8-5 before leaving to play for another team in Virginia, Minnesota, where he was paid a "whopping" $350 each month. Graham returned to the American Association in 1909, this time with the Indianapolis Indians. In 40 games, he went 15-15. He started off 1910 with them, as well, but was released in July for "failure to keep in winning condition."
For the next few years, Graham bounced around the minor leagues. He had his fifth, and final, 20-win season in 1916, when he went 23-12 with a 2.31 ERA in the Illinois–Indiana–Iowa League. He tied for the league-lead in victories.
After retirement.
Graham retired from professional baseball after the 1917 season. He pitched a total of 17 years and won 276 games – 272 in the minor leagues and 4 in the major leagues.
Graham lived in Rising Sun, Iowa, in the winters, and he worked as a corn husker and rabbit hunter during that time. He died in Moline, Illinois, in 1931.
Death.
Graham died on October 15, 1931 in Moline, Illinois. He is interred at Riverside Cemetery in Moline.

</doc>
<doc id="31191460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191460" title="Marshall Lang (son)">
Marshall Lang (son)

The Very Rev Marshall Buchanan Lang DD, MA, TD was an eminent Church of Scotland minister and author.
He was born into an eminent ecclesiastical family in 1868 and educated at Glasgow Academy and Glasgow University. He was Minister at Oldmeldrum, Dundee and then his father’s former Kirk at Whittingehame. He was Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland from 1935 to 1936. He died on 3 October 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="31191466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191466" title="James Byrne (poet)">
James Byrne (poet)

James Byrne is a British poet and Editor of "The Wolf" magazine. He was born in Buckinghamshire in 1977 and his first book of poems "Passages of Time" was published in 2002 and included some of his earliest poems. A second collection, "Blood/Sugar", was published by Arc Publications in November 2009. For many years James has been consistently talked of as 'one of the leading poets of his generation', endorsed by The Times as one of the 'ten rising stars of British poetry' in April 2009. He now lives in England again after two years in New York City, where he received a Stein scholarship and an MFA from New York University. He was the Poet in Residence at Clare Hall, University of Cambridge from 2011-2012 and is a Lecturer at Edge Hill University where he teaches poetry.
In 2008, James won the Treci Trg poetry festival prize in Serbia. In 2009 his "New and Selected Poems: The Vanishing House" was published by Treci Trg (in a bilingual edition) in Belgrade. He is the editor of "The Wolf: A Decade (Poems 2002-2012)" and is the co-editor of "Voice Recognition: 21 Poets for the 21st Century", an anthology of British poets, under 35, published by Bloodaxe in 2009. Since becoming sole editor of "The Wolf" in April 2006, James has broadened the international reach of the magazine and this has affected some of his editorial work. In June 2012, "Bones Will Crow: 15 Contemporary Burmese Poets" was co-edited and co-translated by James Byrne and ko ko thett and is widely recognised as the first anthology of contemporary Burmese poetry available in the West.
James's own poems have been translated into several languages, including Arabic, Burmese, Chinese, Serbian and French. In 2009 he was invited by the British Council in Damascus to participate in the Al-Sendian arts festival in Syria. In 2012 he read his work at the inaugural Tripoli Poetry Festival in Libya and in 2013 he opened the Irrawaddy Literature Festival in Yangon, Burma.
The poet John Kinsella wrote on the jacket for his most recent book: ‘James Byrne is a phenomenon and "Blood/Sugar" is astonishing. Byrne has a razor-sharp wit, an acute intellect and a superb facility with language. The poetry he writes is both culturally and intellectually ‘learned’, but also rhetorically and lyrically confident. He is a complete original.’
His partner is Sandeep Parmar, also a poet, modernist scholar and Reviews Editor for "The Wolf".

</doc>
<doc id="31191477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191477" title="Sauerbrunn">
Sauerbrunn

Sauerbrunn or Sauerbrun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31191479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191479" title="John McDonald (pitcher)">
John McDonald (pitcher)

John Joseph McDonald (1883–1950), born John Joseph Mc Donnell, was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Washington Senators in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="31191504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191504" title="Soldier's Monument">
Soldier's Monument

Soldier's Monument may refer to any of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monuments or to:

</doc>
<doc id="31191514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191514" title="The West Virginia Rosie the Riveter Project">
The West Virginia Rosie the Riveter Project

The West Virginia Rosie the Riveter Project is an on-going effort created by Thanks! Plain and Simple, Inc. (“Thanks!”), a nonprofit organization founded in 2005. “Thanks” developed the project to involve women who worked throughout America during World War II on “men’s jobs” (most notably riveting airplanes and welding ships, but including a broad range of defense industry employment), which was critical to shortening and winning World War II.
“Thanks!” conducts interviews of these “Rosie the Riveters,” now 85–95 years old, to archive in libraries, but more - the project provides opportunities for “Rosies” themselves to participate in the decision making of teaching their own legacy. The methods and tangible tools “Thanks!” has created help American communities find and learn from their “Rosies.
Overview.
"Thanks!" interviewed the first woman in the WV Rosie the Riveter Project in 2008. Anne Montague, Executive Director and Founder, first hoped to find 15 living West Virginia women who performed critical “home front” jobs during World War II, but “Rosies” were hard to find. A breakthrough came March 29, 2009, when the Charleston Gazette-Mail ran an advertisement with a picture of Montague’s mother, Jessie Jacobs Frazier, headlined, “Help us find our Rosies.”
By January, 2011, 150 women, mostly West Virginians, had approached “Thanks!” to tell their stories of leaving low-population areas to work in defense jobs, usually in major cities throughout America, and to do highest quality work. Seeing that many “Rosies” wanted to participate beyond being interviewed, “Thanks!” began to involve these women so that the public could know our “Rosies” and “Rosies” could help make decisions about how their legacy is understood and passed on to next generations. 
Today, “Thanks!” has: 1) produced a documentary film (funded, in part, by the West Virginia Humanities Council); 2) created the first model Rosie the Riveter Community in America (funded, in part, by the Greater Kanawaha Valley Foundation); 3) created tools such as music, art, curriculum, written procedures for other communities to use to find and honor living “Rosies,” 4) partnered with various groups (arts, labor, history, schools), and 5) held events where emissaries from allied nations (Belgium in 2009 and Britain in 2010) formally thanked American “Rosies” for their contributions.
References.
Additional Media Coverage.
[http://www.herald-dispatch.com/news/briefs/x27439107/MU-hosts-West-Virginia-Rosies] Huntington Herald-Dispatch March 11, 2011
[http://www.marshallparthenon.com/mobile/news/west-virginia-rosies-share-war-experiences-1.2511119] Marshall University Parthenon March 11, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31191532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191532" title="Gusztáv Bölcskei">
Gusztáv Bölcskei

Dr. Gusztáv Bölcskei (born 30 July 1952) is a Hungarian reformed bishop and a theologian. He is the current clerical president of the Synod of the Reformed Church in Hungary and bishop of Debrecen. Bölcskei is Executive Committee Member of the World Communion of Reformed Churches, former president of WCRC Europe, and a professor of church sociology at Debrecen Reformed Theological University.
Life and carrier.
Bölcskei was born on 30 July 1952 in Szamoskér, Hungary, as the 6th child of a minister of the Reformed Church in Hungary. He received his primary education in Szamoskér, then at age 14 he went to the Grammar school of the famous Debrecen Reformed College in Debrecen, Hungary. He finished school in 1970, and worked for a year in a state foster home in Nyírmártonfalva, as a non-qualified educator. Between 1971 and 1976 he studied at Debrecen Reformed Theological University (then called Debrecen Reformed Theological Academy).
He spent the academic year 1977/78 with a scholarship at Tubingen University, Germany. From 1979 he taught as a tutor in theology at Debrecen Reformed Theological Academy. In December 1984 Bölcskei started to teach RE in the Grammar School of Debrecen reformed College.
He became chair of Department of Social Ethic at Debrecen Reformed Theological University in 1990. In the 90's he was twice elected to be head of the university, and also the College. He received a Doctorate from Gáspár Károli University of the Reformed Church (Budapest, Hungary) in 1994. His dissertation was on the social ethic of Arthur Rich.
Two universities awarded him Honorary Doctorates: Babes-Bolyai University, Cluj, Romania in 2003, and the Evangelical-Lutheran Theological University (Budapest, Hungary) in 2005.
Pastor and Bishop.
Bölcskei was curate at Berettyúszentmárton and Tiszanagyfalu (villages in Hungary) in 1976-1977. After his ordination he served as rector in Téglás and Hajdúhadház from 1978 to 1984.
He was elected to bishop of Debrecen and also the clerical president of the Synod of Reformed Church in Hungary in 1997. He is currently holding both offices.
From 2006 to 2011 he was president of WCRC Europe and Executive Committee Member of the World Communion of Reformed Churches.
Gusztáv Bölcskei is "de facto" leader of the Hungarian Reformed General Convent from its start in 2004, and also the Hungarian Reformed Church (a Community of Hungarian Reformed Churches from a number of countries: Hungary, Romania, Ukraine, Serbia, Croatia, Slovenia), founded on 22 May 2009.
Bölcskei, the theologian.
His field of interest is church history and systematic theology, however his main specialty is social ethics. Bölcskei is well known among Hungarian and international scholars, he is fellow of number of Societies.
He takes part in the work of College of Doctors of Reformed Church in Hungary since 1979, where he was Secretary of Division of Systematic Theology between 1984 and 1988; and is the current chair of Division of Social Ethics since 1995. Since 1986 he's member, since 1991 he's officer of Societas Ethica. He chaired the Theological Committee of the Tiszántúl Reformed District (the reformed districts in Hungary are equal to dioceses in the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches) between 1990 and 1996. He's General Secretary of Coetus Theologorum (the Conference of Hungarian Reformed Professors in Theology).
He is guest of number of international conferences: Hamburg (1981), Josefstal (1982), Wuppertal (1983), Montreux (1988), Durham (1989), Walberberg (1990), Tutzing (1990), Arhus (1991), Utrecht (1992), Pforzheim – Hohenwart (1993), Genf (1995), Bern (1996), Gomadingen (1996), Genf (2004), Barcelona (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="31191539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191539" title="Krishna Institute of Technology">
Krishna Institute of Technology

Krishna Institute of Technology (KIOT) is a private engineering institute affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University, Lucknow, and situated in Kanpur city. The college aims to creating engineers for industry. Today it's one the best engineering colleges of the state of Uttar Pradesh. It maintains a very good placement record. Companies like Infosys, Wipro, TCS,L&T and many others visit it frequently.
The Institute.
Location.
KIOT is located 10 km from IITK, Uttar Pradesh, on the Grand Trunk Road highway, towards Delhi.
History.
The institute was started in 2008 under the aegis of the Gyan Ganga Society. The college is affiliated to GBTU and college code is 351.The college has noticed various changes in its infrastructure since its foundation.
Buildings.
The college has of campus housing the academic departments as well as providing residential facilities to students and faculty. The campus is divided into 4 blocks (namely Block A, Block B, Block C, Block D) and Hostel. The campus has class rooms, laboratories, drawing hall, workshop, library, conference hall, auditorium, an open theatre, a robotics lab and student support facilities like hostels, canteen, stationery shop, medical support, transport, and students activity center. The newer blocks build recently are equipped with dual elevator facility.
Apart from this, College provides ATM facility in campus and 24 hrs Nescafe coffee Shop for Hostel students. It also provide 24 hrs medical facility in campus, an ambulance is also available to serve the students to the best hospitals in region.
Library.
The college has a centered library in Block A having a collection of 27000+ books under numerous titles in engineering, science and technology, computers, communication and management. It subscribes to more than 25 Indian and International journals. The library is automated with the RAMLIB Library Management Software System. CD-ROMs and electronic media are available.
In Library, the facility of study room is also provided which open in college Hours, But during Examination time it is open till 9 pm.
Life at KIOT.
As it is the leading engineering college in UP, students from all the districts of UP as well as other parts of India get enrolled here for pursuing their higher education.
Hostels.
The hostel has been provided with recreational facilities like TV, table tennis, basket ball, bolly ball, cricket, newspapers, and Wi-fi internet. 24 hours power backup is available in all the hostels. The hostel is in the campus and is a five-story buildings. It has a lift facility in it, accommodating 700+ students.
There is a Gymnasium, Yoga hall and a common entertainment hall.
Admissions.
Students are admitted through the state level counselling for the SEE-UPTU. The exam is held on 3rd Sunday of April and the results are generally announced the next month. About 70% seats are reserved and 30% are open. 5% of the seats belong to the reserved categories as notified by the Government of India notifications. Out of the remaining seats, 10% are reserved for girls, 5% for the armed forces, 5% for the physically handicapped, and 5% for freedom fighter quota. Out of the total seats, 15% seats are for the management quota.
Achievements.
As the days have progressed and so has the talent too..and it was seen at different robotics events which took place at different institutions in the country and once again Kiotians made their way through all the barriers and came out as the winners..
Not only in the robotics field but in other events like debate, singing, Ad-mad etc...Kiotians reached heroics and made KIOT proud ..
Management and Organization.
The college is managed by Gyan Ganga Society.
Academics.
The college imparts undergraduate courses in four streams of engineering:
All the branches of engineering have been accredited by the NBA.
The college also imparts Postgraduate program: 

</doc>
<doc id="31191563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191563" title="Bertha González Nieves">
Bertha González Nieves

Bertha González Nieves (born May 6, 1970, Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican businesswoman, whose career is rooted in the consumer luxury goods market.
Forbes has identified her as one of the 50 most powerful women in Mexico. She has also been named one of Mexico’s top young businesswomen by "Revista Expansión", Mexico’s leading business magazine. Her career has had an emphasis on the tequila industry. She is the first woman to be certified as ‘Maestra Tequilera’ by the Academia Mexicana de Catadores de Tequila, the organization recognized by The Tequila Regulatory Council (CRT).
Present.
González Nieves is currently Co-Founder & CEO of Casa Dragones Tequila Company, a handcrafted, limited edition tequila brand which she co-founded with businessman and founder of MTV Bob Pittman. Casa Dragones is a 100% Blue Agave Joven tequila, handcrafted in small batches in Jalisco Mexico, and considered a sipping tequila. 
She has been featured in full page-articles in top publications worldwide, including El Universal, Harper’s Bazaar, and Blackbook.
In May 2010, she was featured in LA Times Magazine and praised for “bolstering the top-tier-tequila movement,” and was dubbed the “First Lady of Tequila.”
On December 17, 2009, González Nieves appeared on The Martha Stewart Show and demonstrated how to correctly taste Casa Dragones tequila. 
On November 29, 2010 CNN’s premier food blog Eatocracy.com featured a spotlight on Bertha’s tequila knowledge in a round up of “Five Things You Should Look For in a Great Tequila: Bertha González Nieves.” 
In November 2010, González Nieves received the prestigious French luxury design award, Grand Prix Strategies de Luxe, for the product design of Casa Dragones.
In 2013, DuJour Magazine called González, "the personification of Mexican business acumen.”
She is a regular guest professor at the Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara (UAG) teaching the university’s first course on tequila, Tecnico Tequilero. The course focuses on the history and importance of tequila, federal governmental regulations surrounding tequila production, quality control, and the commercialization of tequila worldwide. The goal of this course is to continue to develop and evolve the tequila category, and inspire new generations of tequila producers.
Past.
Prior to co-founding Tequila Casa Dragones, González Nieves, spent over ten years as a top executive for Grupo Jose Cuervo, the largest tequila company in the world, and one of the top ten global spirits. While at the company she held senior marketing and commercial positions, including Commercial Director for North America, Global Director of New Business and Innovation and Global Brand Director. González Nieves was also instrumental in establishing the company’s global team in New York, and played a key role in the recent upsurge and popularity of the Tequila category in the US and worldwide.
Prior to her position at Jose Cuervo, Ms. González Nieves served as a consultant at Booz Allen & Hamilton, where she designed and implemented marketing strategies for leading global packaged goods companies. 
Entrepreneurial spirit.
In addition to her work in marketing, González Nieves has taken on several side projects. In 2006, she helped launch Revista DF, Mexico’s City Magazine, an Editorial Mapas publication. 
She also was one of the producers of the feature film "Matando Cabos", which was an official selection at the Sundance Film Festival in 2005.
Education.
González Nieves graduated Magna Cum Laude from Universidad Anáhuac in Mexico City with a BA in Business Administration. She also holds a Masters of Science degree in Integrated Marketing Communications from the Medill School of Journalism & J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. She received the ‘Arthur E. Tatham Award’ for exceptional performance and outstanding promise in the field of marketing communications.

</doc>
<doc id="31191566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191566" title="Bearskin (film)">
Bearskin (film)

The Bearskin is a German movie from the year 1986.
Plot.
The war has ended and soldier Christoffel no future and no money. He does not know what to do, because he meets the devil. He offers him a deal: Christoffel has cut the pockets always full of money, but he can not wash themselves for seven years, not the hair and nails and he can sleep in a bed. If he does not comply with all of these things, he will be devoted forever to the devil.
Christoffel accepts the condition.
The future worries rid themselves Christoffel makes his way. Soon, however, it is lonely. The company shuns him, and he's dirty, unkempt and smell. He finds only a place to stay in prison.
He paid the debt of a goldsmith, he thereby wins the heart of Catherine, the daughter of a goldsmith. Christoffel do know about its appearance and leaves her.
After seven years, finally he can wash away the devil himself and returns as a cultivated man back to her.

</doc>
<doc id="31191568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191568" title="Tsunami barrier">
Tsunami barrier

A Tsunami barrier is any barrier that prevents or deters the force of a tsunami wave.
Natural barriers.
A report published by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) suggests that the tsunami of 26 December 2004 caused less damage in the areas where natural barriers were present, such as mangroves, coral reefs or coastal vegetation. A Japanese study of this tsunami in Sri Lanka used satellite imagery modelling to establish the parameters of coastal resistance as a function of different types of trees.
Natural barriers, such as coral reefs and mangrove forests, prevent the spread of tsunamis and the flow of coastal waters and mitigated the flood and surge of water.
Man-made barriers.
Different designs of man-made tsunami barriers include building reefs and forests to above ground and submerged sea walls. In 2005, India began planting casurina and coconut saplings on its coast as a natural barrier against future tsunamis like the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Studies have found that an offshore tsunami wall could reduce tsunami wave heights by up to 83%.

</doc>
<doc id="31191588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191588" title="Pujolina">
Pujolina

Pujolina is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31191598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191598" title="The Black Mountain (Tor Ghar) Tribes">
The Black Mountain (Tor Ghar) Tribes

The original name of the Black Mountain is Tor Ghar, which is a Pushto word which means Tor (Black) Ghar (Mountain). In the local majority Hindko dialect of Hazara division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, where this enclave is located, it is also termed as 'Kala Dhaka', which means the same as its Pushto name. Tor Ghar lies to the east of the Indus river from Thakot to Darband. The total length of this mountain is about twenty five to thirty miles and its average height about 8000 feet above sea level. It ascends from the Indus basin at its southern end near the village of Kiara and goes up to its watershed near the village Baradar; then it runs north-east by north to the point on the crest known as Chitabat. From here the range runs due north, finally descending to the Indus by two large spurs, at the foot of the easternmost of which lies Thakot. The Indus, after passing Thakot, turns westward along the northern foot of the mountain till it washes the western of the two aforementioned spurs, when it takes a sharp bend to the south, and runs below and parallel to the western foot of this mountain range.
Boundaries.
Tor Ghar is bounded on the south by Tanawal; on the east by Agror, Pariari and Tikari, Nandihar and Deshi; on the northern extremity lies the Indus and Thakot; and on the west, between the crest and the River Indus. These slopes fall steeply from the crest for some 2000 feet; then follows a zone of gentle, well-cultivated slopes; and then from 4000–5000 feet altitude the hill drops precipitously to the Indus. The actual Indus Valley here varies in width from a few hundred yards to nearly two miles, being narrowest at Kotkai and at its broadest at Palosi. It is crossed at about eleven different points by ferries, the boats holding from twenty to thirty passengers, but the inhabitants pass over the river almost everywhere on inflated skins.
The Mountain.
Tor Ghar lies between 34º32' and 34º50' N, and 72º48' and 72º58' E. The mountain may be described as a long, narrow ridge with higher peaks at intervals, and occasional deep passes; the general outline of the crest is more rounded than sharp. From the sides numerous large spurs project, which are often precipitous and rocky, with deep, narrow glens or gorges lying between them, in which are some of the smaller villages of the tribes, the larger ones being, as a rule, situated on the banks of the Indus. The whole of the upper portion of the mountain is thickly wooded, with pine, oak, sycamore, horse-chestnut and wild cherry. The crest of the mountain is crossed by several passes.
Climate.
The climate of Tor Ghar (Black Mountain) is very fine in spring and autumn but winters are very severe because of the snow fall in sufficient quantity which stops communication over the crest. From proximity of the mountain to the Sulky valley of the Indus, the heat in summer even at the highest elevation is nearly as warm as that of the plains. Heavy rain generally falls in the spring and early autumn and storms frequently occurs.
The Principal Tribes.
The western slope of Tor Ghar is inhabited by following sub-clans of the Yousafzai Pashtun tribe:- 
Isa the second son of Yousaf (Yousafzai) had three sons; Mada, Hassan and Aka. The Mada Khels, Hassanzais and Akazais are their descendants. Whereas, the Chagarzais are the descendants of Chagar who was one of the son of Mali (Malizai). Mali (Malizai) was one of the brother of Isa (Isazai). In the succeeding paragraphs these sub-clans have been described in detail.
The Mada Khels.
Mada Khel is a division of the Isazai clan of Yousafzai tribe. They are among the dwellers on the Black Mountain. The Mada Khel country is on the northern slopes of the Mahaban Mountain down to the right bank of the Indus, and is bounded on the north by the Hassanzais, on the east by the Indus, and on the south and west by the Tanolis and Amazais. The Mada Khel have three sub-divisions, and are considered more enliohtened than the other Isazai tribesmen. Most of the villages are on the Mahaban Mountain, only two being on the banks of the Indus. The easiest approaches to Mada Khel territory pass through the Hassanzai territory.
Mada Khels are further divided into following Sections and Sub-sections:-. 
The Hassanzais.
The Hassanzais are a division of the Isazai clan of Yousafzai tribe and live on either side of the Indus; those cis-Indus occupy the most southern portion of the western slopes of Tor Ghar, while those trans-Indus live immediately opposite to them. The former area is bounded on the north and east by the Akazais, on the west by the Indus,and on the south the Hassanzai border adjoins the territory of Tanawal, the former state of Amb.
The Hassanzais are further divided into following ten Sections:-. 
The Akazais.
Like other divisions of Isazai clan of Yousafzai tribe, the Akazais inhibit a portion of the crest and western slopes of the Tor Ghar; to the north of Hassanzais having on the east a part of Agror and Piriarey; to the North Chagharzais (Nasrat Khel and Basi Khel) and to the West the Indus. The southern face of Machai Sar (Peak) belongs to Akazais, which is the highest peak of Tor Ghar. Their main villages are Kand (Upper and Lower), Bimbal and Bilianrey. Other Akazai villages are Darbanrey, Kanar, Bakrey, Laid, Lashora, Bakianra, Moraata, Torum and Larey. During the Sikh Rule and up to 1868 Akazais held the village of Shahtut in Agror valley (Tehsil Oghi).
Akazais are further divided into following Sections and Sub-sections:-. 
The Chagharzais.
The Chagharzais or Chagarzais are a division of the Malizai clan of the Yousafzai tribes. They are the descendants of Chaghar (Chagharzai) the son of Mali (Malizai) who was one of the sons of Yousaf (Yousafzai). They occupy the country on either side of the river Indus, those cis-Indus being located on the western slopes of Tor Ghar, to the north of the Akazais. They are divided into three sub-divisions. The southern boundary of the cis-Indus Chagharzais is contiguous with that of the Akazais, and follows the spur of the Tor Ghar running from the Machai Sar (peak) to the Indus bank — the southern face of the spur belonging to the Akazais and the northern to the Chagharzais. On the west and north the Indus forms the boundary, while on the east the Chagarzais are bounded by the territory of the Deshiwals and of the Pariari Saiyids.
The three Chagharzai sub-divisions are further divided into following Sections and Sub-sections:-. 
The 'Black Mountain Campaigns' against the British.
The Tor Ghar (Black Mountain) had never been under direct British Rule, although it was generally accounted to be part of the 'Frontier Region/Provincial Tribal Areas' from circa 1901 onwards and nominally attached to the then Hazara district. The tribes had been involved in fighting with British for quite some time, and a number of famous 'Black Mountain Expeditions' or 'Campaigns' took place between 1852 and the 1920s. Brief account of the British Expeditions against the 
Tor Ghar Tribes is as under:- 
Tor Ghar becomes the 25th district of Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa.
After the creation of Pakistan on 14 August 1947, Tor Ghar was given the formal status of a 'Provincially Administered Tribal Area' (PATA). Since then it has been under the administrative control of Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa, then North-West Frontier Province. Tor Ghar became the 25th District of Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa on 28 January 2011, and the 6th district of the Hazara division. Judba is the capital of this newly-born district with following tehsils:-

</doc>
<doc id="31191604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191604" title="Anne Montague">
Anne Montague

Anne Montague (born July 15, 1939) is a native West Virginian with keen interests in how America can pull together around projects that show strengths of our people and principals. She is the Founder and Executive Director of Thanks! Plain and Simple, Inc., a nonprofit organization that trains veterans while it creates projects that should be done for people, can be started in West Virginia, and can be modeled or contributed to by people in many places.
Montague is the main strategist behind the West Virginia Rosie the Riveter Project, which has developed tools for communities to gather information about women who worked across America in the defense industry (building airplanes and ships, assembling ordinance, etc.).
References.
[http://www.allbusiness.com/government/government-bodies-offices-government/12712523-1.html] Archived article from Charleston Gazette August 22, 2009
[http://www.allbusiness.com/society-social/families-children-family/14508170-1.html] Archived article from Charleston Gazette May 24, 2010
[http://www.wvgazette.com/News/SandyWells/201005230475] Photos from Charleston Gazette May 24, 2010
[http://www.usariseup.com/feature-stories/american-tapestry-appalachian-threads] www.USARiseUp.com February 10, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31191612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191612" title="Education in Rourkela">
Education in Rourkela

Rourkela is the educational, technical and medical research hub of Western Odisha. It houses many English medium schools which provide CBSE and ICSE certificates to their students.
The students of these schools represent their schools in various national level and international competitions including IMO, IChO and NASA. Rourkela also houses one of the premier institutes of the country, NIT Rourkela.
A medical college is under development in Rourkela. There are overall 15 colleges for arts, science and commerce streams under the Sambalpur university. There are also private engineering colleges Padmanava (PCE), Rourkela Institute of Management Studies (RIMS), DAMITS, RIT and Purushottam PIET. This colleges come under the jurisdiction of Biju Pattnaik University of Technology (BPUT) and the head office is located in Rourkela.

</doc>
<doc id="31191638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191638" title="Charles T. Clotfelter">
Charles T. Clotfelter

Charles T. Clotfelter is an economist and the Z. Smith Reynolds Professor of Public Policy Studies and Professor of Economics and Law at the Sanford School of Public Policy at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, where he has taught since 1979. He is also director of the Center for the Study of Philanthropy and Voluntarism at Duke and is a research associate for the National Bureau of Economic Research. His primary research interests include the economics of education, the nonprofit sector, tax policy and public finance. 
During his time at Duke, Clotfelter has served as vice provost for academic policy and planning (1983-1985), vice chancellor (1985-1988) and vice provost for academic programs (1993-1994). He also has served as president of the Southern Economic Association and was a Visiting Scholar at the Russell Sage Foundation for the 2005-06 year. He was ranked among the most influential scholars in the nation’s dialogue on education in the 2014 RHSU Edu-Scholar Public Influence List.
Prior to teaching at Duke, Clotfelter taught at the University of Maryland from 1974 to 1979, spending his last year on leave as a Brookings Economic Policy Fellow at the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Tax Analysis. 
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Clotfelter grew up in Atlanta, Georgia. He graduated "summa cum laude" from Duke University with a B.A. in 1969. He then studied at Harvard University, receiving an M.A. in 1972 and PhD in economics in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31191650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191650" title="Hymnal (album)">
Hymnal (album)

Hymnal is an album by Hwyl Nofio.

</doc>
<doc id="31191651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191651" title="Italian ship Caio Duilio">
Italian ship Caio Duilio

Four ships of the Regia Marina, and the present day Italian Navy, have borne the name Caio Duilio, the name commemorating the 3rd century BC Roman naval leader Gaius Duilius: 

</doc>
<doc id="31191655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191655" title="El Al Flight 432 attack">
El Al Flight 432 attack

El Al Flight 432, was a Boeing 720-058B (a shortened Boeing 707-120B) that was attacked by a squad of four armed Palestinian militants, members of the Lebanese-based militant organization Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, while it was preparing for takeoff at the Zurich International Airport in Kloten on February 18, 1969. Several of the crew members were injured during the attack, and one later died of his injures. The plane was severely damaged. A greater disaster was averted when Mordechai Rahamim, an undercover Israeli security agent stationed on the plane, opened fire at the attackers and killed the squad leader. Rahamim and the three surviving attackers were arrested and tried by Swiss authorities. The attackers were found guilty and given prison sentences, while Rahamim was acquitted.
The attack.
The terrorist cell ambushed the plane which was preparing for takeoff at the Zurich International Airport in Kloten. During that time the plane had 17 passengers and 11 crew members on board. Leaping out of a vehicle parked near a hangar, two terrorists opened fire with AK-47 assault rifles, and another two tossed incendiary grenades as well as dynamite that failed to explode. The cockpit and fuselage were hit, seriously wounding several people including co-pilot Yoram Peres, who died of his wounds a month later. The plane's security guard Mordechai Rahamim, a former soldier in the Israeli elite special forces unit Sayeret Matkal, ran to the cockpit and fired at the attackers from the window with his pistol, and then jumped out of the plane through the rear emergency slide door and continued the shootout with the attackers. During the shootout, Rahamim killed the squad leader, and the battle eventually ended only when the Swiss security forces arrived at the scene. Rahamim helped the Swiss authorities apprehend the remaining attackers, but was himself arrested.
Aftermath.
Rahamim was arrested by the Swiss police, along with the members of the terrorist cell. The terrorists were found to be carrying many weapons and explosives as well as leaflets in German which were intended to be used to explain the goals of the operation to the Swiss people, comparing it to William Tell's operations. During an investigation it became clear that the terrorists came to Switzerland from Damascus, and the weapons and explosives were brought to Switzerland through diplomatic mail of an Arab country.
During the interrogation Mordechai Rahamim admitted that he worked for Israel's security services. After a month in arrest he was released on bail until the beginning of his trial. Rahamim returned to Israel.
The trial.
On 27 November 1969, the trial of Rahamim and the three terrorists, Mohamed Abu Al-Haija, Ibrahim Tawfik Youssef and Amina Dahbour, began in Winterthur, Switzerland. The state of Israel sent the state prosecutor Gabriel Bach to Switzerland to handle the defense of Rahamim. An indictment was filed against the three terrorists which included deliberate homicide of a person. The indictment against Rahamim included two sections: deliberate homicide of a person due to a serious excitement which occurred as a result of circumstances justifying the excitement, and an illegal action on behalf of a foreign country.
During the trial Israel was forced to admit for the first time that security personnel accompany Israeli flights, to prevent hijackings and terrorism from happening in the air. On 23 December 1969 the trial ended. Rahamim was acquitted on charges of killing the terrorist squad leader and three terrorists were sentenced to twelve years imprisonment and hard labor.

</doc>
<doc id="31191660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191660" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1985)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1985)

Gloria Todd.
Gloria Todd was played by Sue Jenkins between 1985 and 1988. She famously served as a bridesmaid at Bet Lynch's 1987 wedding to Alec Gilroy, looking not dissimilar to a milking maid. Gloria was unlucky in love, at one point having a daliance with Alan Bradley. She left the street after stealing the boyfriend of The Rovers cleaner Sandra Stubbs. Sandra called Gloria a tart and threw a pint of beer in her face. Gloria had been a barmaid at the The Rovers Return Inn.
Connie Clayton.
Constance "Connie" Clayton and her family moved into 11 Coronation Street in January 1985 and turned their front room into a work room so that Connie could run her dressmaking business. Jack Duckworth bought his wife Vera a dress length of silver lurex and Connie took on the job of producing a dress that 'will make Joan Collins look like a lollipop lady'. Vera was not happy with the results and whilst Connie agreed that the dress looked a right mess on her, she insisted that it fitted properly and was worth the £45 fee but Jack and Vera refused to pay and a feud developed between the families. The fighting between the families was ruining Terry Duckworth's romance with Andrea Clayton and so he tried to pay the bill for his mother, but Connie refused to accept his money. The feud over the dress was soon forgotten when Andrea announced that she was pregnant with Terry's child. Connie stood by her daughter and agreed to look after the baby while Andrea attended university. After Vera started announcing her own plans for her new grandchild, the family did a moonlight flit and moved away from Weatherfield. In December 2000, Connie returned briefly to visit her grandson Paul in hospital after Vera had donated a kidney to him in order to save his life after Terry had refused to be a donor. Connie made peace with Vera and thanked her for saving Paul's life. 
Harry Clayton.
Harold "Harry" Clayton was a trombone playing milkman, who, with his family, bought 11 Coronation Street off Bill Webster in 1985. A feud developed with the Duckworths, who live next door, after they refused to pay a bill for a dress that Harry wife, Connie had made for Vera and eventually escalated to violence in the Rovers Return Inn when Jack asked Harry if he was sure that the father of their daughter Andrea's baby was his son Terry. Harry and Connie stood by their daughter and agreed to look after the baby while Andrea attended university. After Vera started announcing her own plans for her new grandchild, the family did a moonlight flit and moved away from Weatherfield.
Sue Clayton.
Susan "Sue" Clayton had just left school when she was first seen and later secured a job in a local bakery. Sue left Weatherfield with the rest of her family in a moonlight flit to get away from the Duckworths in order to raise her sister Andrea's baby. 
Andrea Clayton.
Andrea Clayton moved into 11 Coronation Street in January 1985 with her parents and younger sister. 
Whilst studying for her A-levels, Andrea started dating next door neighbour, Terry Duckworth, behind her parents' backs and was shocked to learn that she was pregnant, but refused to allow Terry to be part of the child's life, even though he wanted to stand by her and help support his child. Her parents decided that the best way forward was for Connie to look after the baby while Andrea went to university. When Vera Duckworth wanted to get involved in plans for her grandchild's future, the Clayton family packed up overnight and left Weatherfield. Eventually word reached Terry that his son, Paul, had been born.
Andrea visited the Duckworths' in November 2000 and explained that Paul would die if he did not have a kidney transplant. Although Terry once again eploited the situation to his own ends, Paul's grandmother Vera stepped in and saved Paul by becoming a living donor and giving one of her kidneys. In November 2001, Andrea brought Paul to visit Jack and Vera. This was the last time Andrea was seen onscreen.

</doc>
<doc id="31191679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191679" title="St. Andrews Patrol Cabin">
St. Andrews Patrol Cabin

The St. Andrews Patrol Cabin was built by the National Park Service in 1922 as part of a network of stations near the boundaries of Mount Rainier National Park for rangers on patrol. The one-room log structure stands on the Wonderland Trail that circumnavigates Mount Rainier. The exterior of the cabin features a porch to the front. The interior is finished with varnished logs and tongue and groove flooring. The cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31191682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191682" title="Crake (surname)">
Crake (surname)

Crake is an English surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31191693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191693" title="Dering v Uris and Others">
Dering v Uris and Others

Dering v Uris and Others was a court case for libel heard in London in 1964.
Dr Wladislaw Dering sued the writer Leon Uris over claims made in his novel "Exodus" that he had been involved in medical experiments in Auschwitz. The court awarded him damages of one half penny.
The novel and film "QB VII" are loosely based on this case.
Background.
Doctor Wladislaw Dering claimed he was libelled in the Leon Uris book, "Exodus" (published by William Kimber Ltd, London, in June 1959) on page 155: ‘Here in Block X (the Roman numeral) Dr Wirths used women as guinea pigs and Dr Schumann sterilised by castration and X-ray and Clauberg removed ovaries and Dr Dehring performed 17,000 ‘experiments’ in surgery without anaesthetics.’
The complex issue Dr Dering's role whether villain or hero continues to be a subject of debate 
Immigration hearing.
Dr Dering was the subject of extradition proceedings where the Polish government wanted to extradite him as a war criminal.
The matter was later debated in Parliament on 23 September 1948 and the Secretary of State for the Home Department responding to questions from the floor by members Mr Paget, Mr Piratin and Mr Platts-Mills, stated that the testimony was based on one of mistaken identity and the extradition denied.
Court case.
Living at that time in Ealing, London, Dr W A Dering, OBE, sued in defamation. Purnell the printer had capitulated early on, with damages and an apology. The case against Kimber and Uris was concluded in May 1964. The high court action heard before Mr Justice Lawton lasted 19 days and cost £50-60,000. Dr. Dering's share was said to be £30,000. The jury awarded Dering a halfpenny in damages, the smallest coin of the realm. Since publisher and author had paid a marginally larger token sum of £502 into court, Dering was liable for all the legal costs amounting to £25,000 from that point, due to court rules. Dering however died, leaving Kimber saddled with the heavy legal costs.
At a news conference held at the Howard Hotel by Uris and publisher Kimber, Uris is reported to have made a comment that future editions of "Exodus" would omit Dr Dering's name.
Uris and the publishers, William Kimber and Company are reported have admitted that a paragraph in the book referring to Auschwitz medical experiments was defamatory to Dr. Dering but they contended that it was true in substance, subject to certain qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="31191699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191699" title="Fairy Navigator Runa">
Fairy Navigator Runa

Reception.
"Fairy Navigator Runa is a persuasive new series that puts an original and more mature twist to the magical girl genre." — Rachel Bentham, "activeAnime".
"This is a very predictable girls’ fantasy, in which everyone is secretly magical and powerful." — Johanna Draper Carlson, "Manga Worth Reading".
"As "Fairy Navigator Runa" begins, it quickly appears to be going down a bland and generic path." — Matthew Alexander, "Mania".
""Fairy Navigator Runa" is an almost perfect example of the magical-girl genre that tweens love so well." — Brigid Alverson, "Teenreads".

</doc>
<doc id="31191703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191703" title="Winifred May de Kok">
Winifred May de Kok

Winifred May de Kok, M.D. (17 May 1893 - 1969) was a South Africa born writer.
Biography.
She was born in South Africa on 17 May 1893 and attended medical school in England during the 1920s. She married Alfred Edgar Coppard,the British short story writer at Oxford and a leading light of a literary group, the New Elizabethans. She practiced medicine until 1953. In that year she became a television broadcaster, for a show that discussed family life and family health. The show was broadcast by the BBC as "Tell Me, Doctor". A forthright spokeswoman for women's and neonates' health before the era of family planning, she published several books and articles on parenting and family health. She died in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31191708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191708" title="Second Iraqi–Kurdish War">
Second Iraqi–Kurdish War

Second Kurdish–Iraqi War was the second chapter of the Barzani rebellion, initiated by the collapse of the Kurdish autonomy talks and the consequent Iraqi offensive against rebel KDP troops of Mustafa Barzani during 1974-1975. The war came in the aftermath of the First Kurdish Iraqi War (1961-1970), as the 1970 peace plan for Kurdish autonomy had failed to be implemented by 1974. Unlike the previous guerilla campaign in 1961-1970, waged by Barzani, the 1974 war was the Kurdish attempt for a symmetric warfare against the Iraqi Army, which eventually led to the quick collapse of the Kurds, who were lacking advanced and heavy weaponry. The war ended with the exile of the Iraqi KDP party and between 7,000-20,000 mortal casualties from both sides combined.
Background.
Kurds led by Mustafa Barzani were engaged in heavy fighting against successive Iraqi regimes from 1960 to 1975. The First Kurdish Iraqi War (1961-1970) led to a stalemate and in March 1970 Iraq announced a peace plan providing for Kurdish autonomy. The plan was to be implemented in four years. However, at the same time, the Iraqi regime started an Arabization program in the oil-rich regions of Kirkuk and Khanaqin.
Conflict erupts.
The 1970 peace agreement did not last long, and in 1974, the Iraqi government began a new offensive against the Kurdish rebels, pushing them close to the border with Iran. As in the First Iraqi-Kurdish War, the Kurds received material support from Iran and Israel. Israel regarded the Iraqi military as a possible threat in case of renewed fighting between Israel and Syria (during the 1973 War about one third of Iraq's army had been sent to fight against Israel on the Syrian front) and so wished to keep the Iraqis occupied elsewhere. Iran wished to strengthen its own political and military position vis-a-vis Iraq - the only other regional power in the Persian Gulf (called Arab Gulf by the Arabs). 
As the fighting progressed, Iraq informed Tehran that it was willing to satisfy Iranian demands in return for an end to its aid to the Kurds. In March 1975, with mediation by Algerian President Houari Boumédiènne, Iraq and Iran signed the Algiers Accord. According to the "accord" Iran would cut supplies to Iraqi Kurds in return for the transfer of Iraqi territory to Iran - especially half the width of the Shatt al-Arab, the river through which ships could sail to a number of major Iranian ports. Israel's aid to the Kurds was being transferred through Iran, so Iran's decision also prevented the continuation of Israeli aid to the Kurds (the only other possible route being Turkey which was also hostile to the idea of a Kurdish autonomy in northern Iraq as a dangerous precedent for the Kurds in eastern Turkey). Following this development, Barzani escaped to Iran with many of his supporters. Others surrendered "en masse" and the rebellion ended within a short time. The casualties of the war are estimated around 5,000 soldiers and civilians.
Aftermath.
As a result Iraqi government extended its control over the northern region after 15 years and in order to secure its influence, started an Arabization program by moving Arabs to the vicinity of oil fields in Kurdistan, particularly the ones around Kirkuk. The repressive measures carried out by the government against the Kurds after the Algiers agreement led to renewed clashes between the Iraqi Army and Kurdish guerrillas in 1977. In 1978 and 1979, 600 Kurdish villages were burned down and around 200,000 Kurds were deported to the other parts of the country.
In early 1980s, with the eruption of the Iran-Iraq War, another Kurdish rebellion erupted in northern Iraq, initiated largely with Iranian support. The revolt ended with a massive killing campaign by Saddam Hussein in 1986-1989. During the Al-Anfal campaign an estimated 182,000 Kurds lost their lives in north Iraq and hundreds of thousands turned refugees, fleeing mostly to neighbouring Iran.
The area went into turbulence once again in 1991, following the Persian Gulf War. Encouraged by Saddam's defeat in Kuwait, the Shi'as and the Kurds openly revolted against the Ba'athist regime. The defection of the government-recruited Kurdish Jash home guard militia gave considerable force to the revolt. Unlike the failed Shi'a rebellion in the south, the Kurdish uprising eventually led to the establishment of the Kurdish Autonomous Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31191715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191715" title="Joseph Grieco">
Joseph Grieco

Joseph M. Grieco is professor of political science at Duke University, in Durham, North Carolina. Within international relations theory he is a neorealist and is a key figure in the debate between neorealists and neoliberals.

</doc>
<doc id="31191720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191720" title="Marshall Lang (father)">
Marshall Lang (father)

John Marshall Lang CVO was a Church of Scotland minister and author.
He was born into an eminent ecclesiastical family on 14 May 1834 and educated at Glasgow University. He was Minister at Aberdeen, Fyvie, Glasgow and Edinburgh. He was Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland from 1893 to 1894. He died on 2 May 1909

</doc>
<doc id="31191721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191721" title="Verdensteatret">
Verdensteatret

Verdensteatret is a hybrid performance art company based in Norway.
In 1986 Lisbeth Bodd and Asle Nilsen founded Verdensteatret, a collective of artists from different fields who collaborate to stage pieces which combine performance, installation, shadow-play, sound and animation. Using mostly found and repurposed material (they use the word "flotsam") like driftwood, wire, bicycle parts and bones, they use both computers and live actors to create audiovisual concerts. For example, their 2008 show "Louder" combined robotics, videography, music and shadow-play to create a dreamlike journey through the Mekong Delta. In 2006 "Concert for Greenland" won a Bessie Award in the category Performance, Installation, and New Media "for building exquisite links between seemingly incompatible technologies and materials-robots, video, piano, driftwood, and computers; for sharing their succinctly visualized yet beautifully ambivalent relationship to hidden landscapes; and for offering a poetically and emotionally evocative soundscape of a far-off place...," according to the jury statement. "Concert for Greenland" was performed at P.S. 122 (Performance Space 122) in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31191726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191726" title="Sierra de Orihuela">
Sierra de Orihuela

Sierra de Orihuela () is a long mountain range in the Vega Baja del Segura () comarca, Valencian Community, Spain. Its highest point is Peña de Orihuela (634 m). This range is named after the town of Orihuela (), located at the feet of the mountains. The western end of the range is within the limits of the Santomera municipal term, in the Region of Murcia.
These conspicuous limestone mountains rise abruptly from the low Segura River Valley floor and have some very steep cliffs popular with rock climbers, like "La Pared Negra". There is very little vegetation on the arid mountain slopes and both physically and geologically the Sierra de Orihuela is similar to the Sierra de Callosa range located only 2.6 km to the east. Smoother Sierra de Hurchillo is located 4.8 km to the south

</doc>
<doc id="31191733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191733" title="Dejan Stojanović (disambiguation)">
Dejan Stojanović (disambiguation)

Dejan Stojanović (born 1959) is a Serbian writer.
Dejan Stojanović may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31191745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191745" title="Meet the Future, Science &amp; Technology Summit 2010">
Meet the Future, Science &amp; Technology Summit 2010

__NOTOC__
Meet the Future, Science & Technology Summit 2010 was a one day science and technology convention held at the World Forum Convention Center in The Hague, Netherlands on November 18, 2010, organized by "Platform Bèta Techniek" (PBT), an organization which has been empowered by the Dutch government to increase the number of beta students in the Netherlands.
The summit offered Dutch science and technology related companies and educational institutions an opportunity to showcase their latest products, research and developments.
There was a gathering with selected international guests on the following day (November 19).
Notable guests.
There were keynote speeches by several famous and influential persons such as Neil Armstrong (who said in his speech that he would offer his services as commander on a mission to Mars, if he was asked, even though he was 80 years old at the time), Steve Wozniak (who predicted in his speech that Android would be dominant over the iPhone market-wise but the iPhone would retain the quality edge), Spencer Wells (geneticist and anthropologist and professor at Cornell University), Robbert Dijkgraaf (president of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences) and Kishore Mahbubani (professor at the National University of Singapore).
Other prominent guests were Sarah Darwin (biologist and great-great-granddaughter of Charles Darwin) and author Redmond O'Hanlon, who had both featured in the Dutch VPRO television series "" ("Beagle: In het kielzog van Darwin"), Olympic gold medal swimmer Pieter van den Hoogenband, and also Jeroen van der Veer (chairman of "Platform Bèta Techniek" and former Shell CEO) and Maxime Verhagen (Dutch Minister of Economic Affairs, Agriculture and Innovation and Deputy Prime Minister), who was presented with the results of the "Deltaplan Bèta Techniek", which lists measures to increase the participation of students in technical studies.
Criticism.
There was criticism by science journalist Hidde Boersma that the summit painted a too rosy picture of the efforts by the "Platform Bèta Techniek" to interest young people to take up a technical education. 
Although he also noted that many schools used the Summit as a study day for their students and thus the summit could still help to achieve the PBT's goals of increasing the participation in technical studies by inspiring students.

</doc>
<doc id="31191749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191749" title="Weisskopf">
Weisskopf

Weißkopf, Weisskopf, Weiskopf are surnames of the following notable people:

</doc>
<doc id="31191750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191750" title="John Haslem (artist)">
John Haslem (artist)

John Haslem (1808–1884), was an English china and enamel painter, and writer. He painted many portrait miniatures of Queen Victoria, the Royal Family and other nobility.
Life and work.
Haslem was born in 1808 at Carrington in Cheshire (now part of Greater Manchester). He left home as a young boy to live in Derby with his uncle James Thomason, who went on to manage the Derby China factory. He studied under local ceramic artist, "George Hancock", and first devoted himself to flower-painting, but subsequently took to figure-painting, in which he was very successful.
Haslem painted the head of Lord Byron for the Duke of Sussex as a present for the King of Greece, and at the Duke's instigation came to London and studied under Edmund Thomas Parris. He copied many pictures in miniature on enamel, and was a frequent exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1836-1865. In 1842 he won a medal from the Society of Arts for a portrait painted on china. He painted a small enamel portrait of Queen Victoria, and this led to many other commissions from the Royal Family and nobility, especially for copies of ancestral portraits. Papers relating to Haslem's career including a letter of his are held by Derby Museum and Art Gallery.
Haslem was also in demand, by jewellers and art dealers, and on one occasion was employed to paint a set of enamels in imitation of Petitot, which were so successful that they appeared in the miniature exhibitions at the South Kensington Museum, in 1862 and 1865, as the work of Petitot himself.
In 1857, Haslem returned to Derby to live with his uncle and remained there until his death in 1884. In 1876 he had published a history of ""The Old Derby China Factory"" (pub. George Bell). Haslem gave his collection of porcelain to Derby Museum including the "Prentice Plate" which he had been lucky enough to buy in London. The "Prentice Plate" was used by apprentices at porcelain painting in Derby and this plate was a demonstration of William Billingsley's skills when he worked there. This plate is now on display at Derby Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31191751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191751" title="Dragomir Mihajlović">
Dragomir Mihajlović

Dragomir "Gagi" Mihajlović () is a Serbian rock guitarist.
Musical career.
Mihajlović started his career as a guitarist in a progressive rock group Limunovo Drvo, which, formed in 1978 by himself and Milan Mladenović (guitar, vocals), after performing for two years moved towards new wave, with the arrival of Dušan Kojić "Koja" (bass, vocals) and Ivan Vdović "VD" (drums, backing vocals). In April 1980, Limunovo Drvo opened for Pankrti at Belgrade SKC. After the performance, Mihajlović left the band the three decided to change the name to Šarlo Akrobata. The following year Mihajlović appeared as guest on their debut studio album "Bistriji ili tuplji čovek biva kad..." ("Brighter or Dumber a Man Gets When...)". 
After the Šarlo Akrobata disbandment, with his former bandmate Milan Mladenović he formed Katarina II. Having released their debut eponymous album, on which he appeared as a co-author of both music and song lyrics, he left the band. After Katarina II he collaborated with Vlada Divljan on the "Šest dana juna" ("Six Days of June") soundtrack and Nebojša Krstić and Srđan Šaper album "Poslednja mladost u Jugoslaviji" ("The Last Youth in Yugoslavia") before moving to the United States where he currently resides. In the meantime, in 1983, he made a guest appearance on the Du Du A debut album "Primitivni ples" ("Primitive dance").
In 2002, he appeared on the Vlada Divljan cover version of the Katarina II song "Radostan dan" ("A Joyful Day") which appeared on the Milan Mladenović tribute album "Kao da je bilo nekad... (Posvećeno Milanu Mladenoviću)" ("As If It Had Happened Sometime... (Dedicated To Milan Mladenović")). In 2010 he appeared as guest on the Električni Orgazam album "To što vidiš to i jeste" ("What You See Is What You Get") on the tracks "Pokaži mi (kakav je tvoj grad)" ("Show Me (What Your Town Is Like") and "Nikad ne znam" ("I Never Know").

</doc>
<doc id="31191794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191794" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1986)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1986)

Jenny Bradley.
Jenny Bradley was working as a papergirl for Rita Fairclough when her mother Pat was killed in a car accident and she moved in to No. 7 as Rita's foster daughter. Following her mother's death, Jenny was reunited with her father Alan, whom she had not seen for six years and although she initially felt bitterness towards him, they soon bonded as he settled into No. 7 with Rita.
When she was seventeen, Jenny went on a school trip to France, where she met medical student Patric Podevin and fell in love with him. Patric followed her back to Weatherfield and they got engaged, though Patric promised Alan that he would wait until he had finished his studies before getting married. After he discovered that Jenny had been seen kissing another man at a local party, Patric called off the engagement and returned to France.
Despite having stopped Alan as he tried to kill Rita on the evening of her 18th birthday, she stood by her father throughout and after his trial, but was constantly torn between her loyalty to him and her love for Rita. In 1990, she started to study biology at Weatherfield Polytechnic, and when Rita moved out of No. 7 to one of the new flats on the other side of the Street, she was happy to rent the house to Jenny and her friend Flick Khan from the polytechnic. Jenny soon dropped out of her course and started an affair with a married dentist, Robert Weston, and when he left his wife she moved in with him. The relationship did not last and in 1993, when Robert went back to his wife, Jenny arrived on Rita's doorstep again and tried to con her out of money. Rita gave her £1,000 and threw her out. Jenny was briefly mentioned in July 2010 by Rita to Tina McIntyre who saw her photograph in Rita's flat.
Jessica Barlow.
Jessica Barlow (née Midgeley) first appeared as the best friend of Susan Barlow, later acting as a bridesmaid at her wedding to Mike Baldwin. However, she soon became the girlfriend of Susan's twin brother; Peter and they both left to live in Portsmouth.
Off-screen she married Peter in 1990 but upon his return to the Street in 2000, he revealed they had divorced due to her infidelity.
Ian Latimer.
Ian Latimer is the nephew of Bert Tilsley and cousin of Brian Tilsley who lives in Australia. Whilst visiting Brian in Weatherfield, he flirts with Brian's wife Gail, who feels uncomfortable at first but later warms towards Ian. Ian later embarks on an affair with Gail, which confesses to Brian shortly after she falls pregnant and believes that Ian may be the father. Ian leaves after a heated argument with Brian but returns before Gail's daughter Sarah is born. Ian leaves again and returns to Australia soon afterwards after a paternity test reveals that he is not Sarah's father and Brian is and Gail asks him to keep quiet about the result. He is not seen again.
Elsie Seddon.
Elsie Seddon (née Hopwood) is the mother of Sally Webster. Elsie first appears demanding money from Sally to fund her father's drinking and gambling habits. Following the death of her husband Eddie in 1989, Elsie comes to stay with Sally and her husband Kevin after Sally injures her ankle in a road accident. They eventually get fed up with her when she begins hinting at babies and she leaves after Sally has recovered. Elsie then moves to Scarborough and opens a boarding house. In March 1997, Elsie suffers a stroke and Sally goes to Scarborough to nurse her back to health. In July, Elsie is seen again when Kevin goes to Scarborough in an attempt to patch up his and Sally's marriage after he has an affair with Natalie Horrocks. During this time, Elsie's granddaughter Rosie, goes missing but is eventually found safe and well. Elsie is last seen when Kevin's father, Bill Webster, visits Sally at her home in an unsuccessful attempt to convince her to forgive Kevin. Elsie dies offscreen in May 1998 after suffering another stroke. She leaves Sally an inheritance of £50,000 in her will.
Eddie Seddon.
Eddie Seddon is the abusive father of Sally Webster, then Seddon. He makes his only appearance on 1 October 1986, when he opposes Sally's engagement to Kevin Webster and tells Sally that he will not be attending their wedding, which would take place the following week. Almost three years later, Eddie dies in a lorry crash and leaves £1,000 from his life insurance to Sally and her sister Gina.
Neville Hawthorne.
Neville Hawthorne is the son of Angela Hawthorne. He first appeared in October 1986 when his then-stepfather, Derek Wilton was seeing Mavis Riley. Neville made his most recent appearance at Angela's funeral in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="31191827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191827" title="Maratha (Uttar Pradesh)">
Maratha (Uttar Pradesh)

The Maratha are an immigrant Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They are descendents of soldiers and administrators who settled in Uttar Pradesh during the period of Maratha rule in the region. Most arrived as part of the army sent by Baji Rao Peshwa. They are found mainly in the districts of Jhansi, Jalaun, Banda, Lalitpur and Kanpur.
The Uttar Pradesh Maratha mainly claim to be and are divided into three groups, the Koknaste, Karhade, and Deshasthe. These sub-groups are further divided into clans, the main ones being the Nevalkar, Bhagwat, Borvankar, Moghe, Viledar, Bheve, Sardesai, and Joshi. The Maratha now speak Bundelkhandi and Hindi, although historically spoke Marathi.

</doc>
<doc id="31191842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191842" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1987)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1987)

Coronation Street is a British soap opera, initially produced by Granada Television. Created by writer Tony Warren, "Coronation Street" first broadcast on ITV on 9 December 1960. The following is a list of characters introduced in the show's twenty-eighth year, by order of first appearance. 
Cecil Newton.
Cecil Newton was the Brewery boss of Newton & Ridley. He first appeared in 1987 when Alec Gilroy wanted the tenancy of the Rovers Return Inn, as Bet Lynch had used the money she borrowed from Alec to buy the tenancy of the pub, but fled out to Spain as she couldn't pay it back. Cecil agreed and also sent Alec out to Spain to search for Bet when they found out she was working in a bar there. Bet married Alec and they successfully applied for the tenancy.
Cecil arrived in the pub a year later in 1988 when he suggested to Alec that the rent for staying in the Rovers should be increased, as the establishment was making a lot of money - unsurprisingly, Alec disagreed.
When the Gilory's were at risk of losing the pub in 1990 due to it being repossessed in preparation for a merge with the neighbouring 1 Coronation Street and conversion into an American theme pub, the local residents campaigned and argued with the brewery. Cecil came out of retirement to put a halt on the plans and told Bet and Alec that the pub was still theirs, belittling project manager Nigel Ridley for his foolish young ideas in the process, and declaring that the Rovers would always remain a working man's pub.
13 years after he was last seen on the street, Bet met him again in November 2003 at the Newton & Ridley function in Blackpool. Cecil fell in love with her, and asked her to marry him. However, Cecil's son Philip Newton didn't approve of her and tried to split them up, and even told Bet that Cecil was going senile. During the ceremony, Cecil collapsed with a heart attack and later died in hospital.
Don Brennan.
Donald Michael "Don" Brennan was played by Geoffrey Hinsliff. Don first appeared as a love interest for Ivy Tilsley and they eventually get engaged and married on 13 June 1988. Don had two daughters and a son from his first marriage, but his family never appeared again after the wedding episode. On Christmas Eve 1990, Rosie Webster was born to parents Kevin and Sally in the back of his taxi.
Ivy's erratic behaviour over preserving the memory of her dead son Brian and first husband Bert led Don to look elsewhere for romance. He developed a fascination with local hairdresser Denise Osbourne who he harassed with anonymous phone calls. He and Ivy separated for a while, but they reconciled after he had an accident in his taxi and had to have his leg amputated. However, their marriage later ended, and there was an estrangement followed by Ivy's death in August 1995.
Don developed a gambling problem, and ended up owing a lot of money, much of it to Mike Baldwin, whom he hated. After Ivy's death, he had a relationship with Josie Clarke, who briefly worked for Mike. They planned to make money by buying his garage from him, only to discover that he had scammed them, and it was worth far less than they had paid for it. Josie left Don when he became obsessed with getting revenge on Mike. He kidnapped Mike's wife, Alma, and drove his taxi into the canal with her inside, but they were both rescued and survived. Don was arrested and charged with attempted murder but managed to escape custody and turned up in the Rovers Return Inn and attacked Mike and almost strangled him with his tie before Jack Duckworth threw him out.
In October 1997, Don tried one last time to kill Mike, this time in Mike's flat. Don tied him up and held him prisoner but Mike managed to free himself and phone the police. Don was re-arrested the following morning and charged again with attempted murder. Don escaped from custody once more and failed to show up in court. The police issued a warrant for his arrest and began a manhunt for him. Don reappeared in the street in Alma Baldwin's MG Midget Roadster, which he had stolen, and saw Mike crossing the street by The Kabin. He drove straight at Mike and tried to run him over, but Mike dived out of the way just in time, and Don lost control of the car and crashed into the viaduct. Mike escaped unharmed and Don was killed when the car exploded in a fireball on impact, burning him to death. The resulting stain was evident for many years on the viaduct, where it had been hit by the car.
Barry Platt.
Barry Platt is the father of Martin Platt. He first appears in 1987 when Rita Fairclough calls at his home to ask him of Martin's whereabouts. He made his last appearance in 1991 at Martin's wedding to Gail Tilsley.

</doc>
<doc id="31191859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191859" title="Brian Lanker">
Brian Lanker

Brian Lanker (August 31, 1947 – March 13, 2011) was an American photographer. He won the 1973 Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography for a black-and-white photo essay on childbirth for "The Topeka Capital-Journal", including the photograph "Moment of Life". Lanker died at his home in Eugene, Oregon on March 13, 2011 after a brief bout of pancreatic cancer. He was 63.
His work appeared in "Life" and "Sports Illustrated", as well as book projects, including "I Dream a World: Portraits of Black Women Who Changed America", and "Track Town, USA". He was the graphics director for "The Register-Guard newspaper in Eugene from 1974 to 1982.
Lanker is the father of musician Dustin Lanker.

</doc>
<doc id="31191860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191860" title="Sierra de Callosa">
Sierra de Callosa

Sierra de Callosa () is a long mountain range in the Vega Baja del Segura () comarca, Valencian Community, Spain. Its highest point is Águila (572 m). This range is named after the town of Callosa de Segura located at the feet of the mountains.
These conspicuous and harsh-looking massive limestone mountains rise abruptly from the low Segura River Valley floor and have some very steep cliffs. There is very little vegetation on the arid mountain slopes and both physically and geologically the Sierra de Callosa is similar to the Sierra de Orihuela range located only 2.6 km to the west. 
Smoother Sierra de Hurchillo is located 6.5 km to the south.
These mountains were declared a Protected Area by the Generalitat Valenciana in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31191874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191874" title="Jonathan Tonge">
Jonathan Tonge

Jonathan Tonge is an academic based in the Department of Politics Studies at the University of Liverpool. In 2008-9 he was Chair of the British Youth Citizenship Commission. In 2012 Tonge and Professor Philip Cowley became co-editors of the "Parliamentary Affairs" academic journal.

</doc>
<doc id="31191881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191881" title="New Castle of Ansembourg">
New Castle of Ansembourg

The New Castle of Ansembourg (), in central Luxembourg is one of the castles belonging to the Valley of the Seven Castles. Located about one kilometre or just over half a mile below the Old Castle of Ansembourg, it was built by the industrialist Thomas Bidart in 1639.
History.
In 1639, Thomas Bidart built the central part of today's castle as a comfortable house surrounded by walls and towers, two of which still stand. Originally from Liège in Belgium, Bidart, who was a pioneer of Luxembourg's iron and steel industry, named the building "Maison des Forges" (House of the Ironworks). During the Thirty Years' War, he tapped the region's many water sources and exploited its timber and iron, manufacturing arms at a foundry close to the old castle. As a result, his family prospered, earning rights to the title of Lords of Amsembourg which had belonged to the Raville family until 1671.
It was the de Marchant family who, after inheriting the property by marriage, undertook its astonishing transformation into today's modern-looking castle. In 1719, the courtyard was extended with two wings on either side of the original building. The southern gable was enhanced with a magnificent arch where four statues represent the four continents. Fitted with two small towers, the new façade overlooked the gardens which were connected to the castle through an arcade. The first-floor balcony above the porch provided an excellent view of the gardens, complete with flowerbeds and a fountain. Between 1740 and 1750, Lambert Joseph de Marchant et d'Ansembourg further improved the gardens and extended the buildings on the north side of the main courtyard so that they could be used as stables and lodgings for the castle staff. In 1759, Count Lambert Joseph added the impressive Baroque gateway bearing the arms of de Marchant of Ansembourg and Velbruck.
The castle today.
Since 1987, the castle has belonged to Sûkyô Mahikari who has undertaken substantial renovation work with the assistance of Luxembourg's "Service des Sites et Monuments nationaux". Initially work was centred on reinforcing the foundations and walls and on restoring the staircase of honour on the upper terrace in the gardens. From 1999, the statues and the fountains in the garden were repaired while the roofs over the two wings and the central section were rebuilt. Work is now concentrated on restoring the oldest part of the building which dates from the 17th century.
The castle gardens are open to visitors from 9 am every day. The castle also hosts a number of cultural events during the year.

</doc>
<doc id="31191885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191885" title="List of buildings and structures in the Gambia">
List of buildings and structures in the Gambia

A list of buildings and structures in the Gambia:

</doc>
<doc id="31191894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191894" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1981)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1981)

Eunice Gee.
Eunice Gee (née Clarke, previously Nuttall) born 1937 had been a barmaid and was a dry-cleaner when she met Fred Gee at a singles evening. This fitted in with his plans, as he had the chance of the licence of The Crown and Kettle - but the brewery would only consider married couples. They married after a whirlwind romance, but The Crown and Kettle has already been taken and then next pub fell through when the brewery found out Eunice had previously been sacked from the Foundryman's Arms after £30 disappeared, although she always blamed this on another barmaid.
Annie Walker threw them out of the Rovers Return Inn when they were refused the pub, as the overbearing Eunice acted as though she owned the place and upset both Annie and Betty Turpin. For a while, they ran the Community Centre and moved in there with Eunice's daughter, Debbie, but the marriage started to fall apart. Councillor Ben Critchley, Chairman of the Social Services committee found that the Gees had got the Community Centre through Alf Roberts, without his authority and proceeded to evict them. Conveniently, Ben Critchley was able to offer positions at his Park View Hotel in Weatherfield, and even more conveniently, as he had an eye for Eunice, he knew she would accept but Fred refuse. Fred reluctantly accepted that their marriage wouldn't work; he moved back into the Rovers and the marriage ended. In November 1983 she said she wanted to re-marry and divorced Fred.
In 1999 she turned up again, running the Park Road B&B where Jack and Vera Duckworth stayed after leaving the Rovers. In May 1999 her brother-in-law died suddenly in Spain, and Eunice went out there to help her sister Dolly run her bar, leaving the Duckworths running the B&B.

</doc>
<doc id="31191895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191895" title="Tyree Davis">
Tyree Davis

Tyree Bernard Davis (born September 23, 1970 in Altheimer, Arkansas) is a former professional American football wide receiver. He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the seventh round of the 1993 NFL Draft. He played college football at Central Arkansas.
Davis has also played for the Barcelona Dragons, Seattle Seahawks and Montreal Alouettes.

</doc>
<doc id="31191908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191908" title="Artem Ovcharenko">
Artem Ovcharenko

Artem Ovcharenko (, born 31 December 1986) is a Russian ballet dancer and principal at the Bolshoi Theatre.
Biography.
Artem began his ballet study when he was 11 years old, in the Dnipropetrovsk State Choreographic School. At the age 17 he entered the Bolshoi Ballet Academy in the class of Alexander Bondarenko, with whom he developed technical abilities and prepared for his career as professional ballet dancer. He participated in the academy tours to the U.S., Greece, Germany, China and other countries.
In 2007, after graduating from the Bolshoi Ballet Academy, he was admitted to the Bolshoi Ballet in the corps de ballet, rehearsing under the guidance of Nikolay Tsiskaridze. One year later he danced the leading role in the ballet "The Nutcracker". Since 2009, his teacher-coach is the People's Artist of USSR Nikolai Fadeyechev.
As one of the promising young generation of Bolshoi Ballet, his repertoire covers most of the romantic roles such as "Romeo", "Prince Nutcracker" and "Prince Siegfried". With a never-fading interest of exploring new roles, he is an active participant in recent ballet creations of Bolshoi Theatre, which include "Lost Illusions", "Chroma" and "Classical Symphony". He participated in the Bolshoi Ballet Tours in Asia, Europe and North America, and was invited to dance in Berlin State Ballet and Les Ballets de Monte Carlo.
He is also a welcome rising star in international ballet festivals and national culture projects. In 2009, he participated in the premiere of the ballet "Spell of Escher" (ru:Заклятие рода Эшеров, choreography by Vladimir Vasiliev) in the Festival of the Russian National Orchestra at the Bolshoi Theatre. In 2010 he took part in the International Festival "World Ballet Stars" in Donetsk. In January 2011, he presented with Nina Kaptsova in the 6th Prague Ballet Gala, and in August together with Anna Tikhomirova, performed in the closing gala-concert of the 8th Congress of the World Federation of UNESCO Clubs, Centres and Associations in Hanoi. In April 2012, he was invited to the Dance Open Festival in Saint Petersburg, performing with Ekaterina Krysanova, and in July participated the "Grand Ballet Project" of Rossiya K (broadcast in December 2012) with Anna Tikhomirova, in which they were awarded the Grand Prix of jury "Best Duo".
He was promoted to "Principal" in 2013, which is the highest rank of the Bolshoi Ballet.
Creation.
Repertoire.
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
Tours.
2010
Lord Wilson-Taor (Debut), Fisherman ("The Pharaoh's Daughter", choreography by Pierre Lacotte according to the version of Marius Petipa)
2011
Antoine Mistral ("The Flames of Paris", choreography by Alexei Ratmansky with use of the original choreography by Vasily Vainonen)
Phoebus ("La Esmeralda", choreography by Yuri Burlaka and Vasily Medvedev, new version at Berlin State Ballet), with Iana Salenko
Prince Siegfried ("Swan Lake, choreography by Vyacheslav Gordeev)
Count Albrecht ("Giselle", with Kristina Kretova)
2012
"Sony Centre for the Performing Arts, Toronto, Canada"
Prince Siegfried ("Swan Lake", choreography by Yuri Grigorovich)
"Kennedy Center, Washington D.C., USA"
Frantz ("Coppélia", choreography by Sergei Vikharev)
"Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Los Angeles, USA"
Prince Siegfried ("Swan Lake", choreography by Yuri Grigorovich)
2013
The Leading Pair ("Classical Symphony", choreography by Yuri Possokhov)
Five Pairs ("Dream of Dream", choreography by Jorma Elo)
Apollo ("Apollon Musagète", choreography by George Balanchine)
Prince Siegfried ("Swan Lake"), with Anna Antonicheva
Prince Siegfried ("Swan Lake" by Tchaikovsky, choreography by Yuri Grigorovich)
Prince Désiré, Blue Bird ("The Sleeping Beauty" by Tchaikovsky, new version by Yuri Grigorovich)
Antoine Mistral ("The Flames of Paris", choreography by Alexei Ratmansky)
2014
The first dancer ("Lost Illusions", choreography by Alexei Ratmansky)
Gala Concerts and Ballet Festivals.
2009
"Spell of Escher" (ru:Заклятие рода Эшеров, choreography by Vladimir Vasiliev)
2010
Classical Pas de Deux
2011
Sleeping Beauty PDD, the Golden Age Tango, with Nina Kaptsova
Le Corsaire PDD, with Anna Tikhomirova
2012
Nutcracker, with Ekaterina Krysanova
La Esmeralda PDD, with Ekaterina Krysanova
Classical PDD, the Golden Age Tango, with Anna Tikhomirova
2013
Le Corsaire PDD, Lullaby (choreography by Radu Poklitaru), with Anna Tikhomirova
Diamonds, with Evgenia Obraztsova
Spring Water, with Anna Tikhomirova
Male soloist in Two Pairs ("Classical Symphony", choreography by Yuri Possokhov)
The Golden Age Tango, with Anna Tikhomirova
Triangle (Johannes Brahms, choreography by A. Pimonov), with Kristina Kretova and Anna Tikhomirova
Pas d'Actions of The Pharaoh's Daughter, with Evgenia Obraztsova
Lullaby, with Anna Tikhomirova
Le Carnaval de Venise, with Evgenia Obraztsova
Lullaby, with Anna Tikhomirova

</doc>
<doc id="31191918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191918" title="2011 Super League of Belize">
2011 Super League of Belize

The 2011 Super League of Belize (also known as the 2011 Belize Bank Super League Tournament) is a football league in Belize, which is not affiliated with the Football Federation of Belize. The league was founded in 2006.
Results.
Round 1:
Round 2:
Round 3:
(*) Game was abandoned at 2 – 0.
Round 4:
Round 5:
Round 6:
Round 7:
Round 8:
Round 9:
Round 10:
Round 11:
Round 12:
Round 13:
Round 14:
(*) Griga Knights forfeited the game, therefore Orange Walk United gained the win.
(*) Third World F.C. forfeited the game, therefore Placencia Assassin gained the win.
Playoffs.
The playoffs will consist of the top four ranked teams from the regular season; Raymond Gentle-City Boys United, Orange Walk United, Paradise/Freedom Fighters and Placencia Assassin. The teams will play each other twice. The top two ranked teams will play a best of three Championship final series, with the winner being crowned as Champions.
Results.
Round 1:
Round 2:
Round 3:
Round 4:
Round 5:
Round 6:
Championship Final Series.
Game 1:
Game 2:
Top Scorers.
(*) Please note playoff goals are included.
Awards.
After the second Championship Final game, awards were distributed by the league.

</doc>
<doc id="31191968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191968" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1990)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1990)

Sandra Arden.
Sandra Arden (née Gilroy) is the daughter of Alec and Joyce Gilroy.
Alec decides to contact his daughter to make up for the last twenty years and gets Sandra's address from his ex-wife Joyce. After discovering that Sandra lives in a big house in Cheshire with her husband Tim and their daughter, Vicky.
After initial misunderstandings between the Ardens and the Gilroys, Sandra tells Alec that he could keep in touch with them. In July 1991, Joyce dies and Sandra asks Alec to meet Vicky at boarding school and to let her stay at the Rovers Return so that she and Tim can attend Joyce's funeral in Whitby.
Before the Gilroys set off for the train station, a Police Sergeant arrives to tell Alec that Sandra and Tim have both died in a car crash.
Tim Arden.
Tim Arden is husband of Sandra Arden and father of Vicky McDonald. Tim makes sparing appearances when his father-in-law Alec Gilroy visits the family. Tim makes his final appearance on 13 June 1990. 13 months later, shortly after Sandra was seen again on screen without Tim, a police sergeant arrives at the Rovers Return Inn to tell Alec that both Tim and Sandra have died in a car crash en route to Sandra's mother, Joyce's funeral.
Vicky McDonald.
Victoria Frances "Vicky" McDonald (née Arden) was played by Helen Warburton in 1990 and Chloe Newsome from 1991 to 1998. She is Alec Gilroy's granddaughter and the first wife of Steve McDonald. Vicky visits Coronation Street when her parents Tim and Sandra Arden drop her off so they can attend the funeral of Sandra's mother, Joyce. However, a couple of days later, the police arrive and tell Alec that Tim and Sandra have died in a car crash. Her grandfather Alec and his wife Bet become her legal guardians.
Vicky goes to a private boarding school and owns a horse called Saracen, so holidays in a back street pub are not an attractive option. However, when she meets Steve McDonald, it is some compensation. Alec desperately tries to separate the couple but fails. She resists his sexual advances for a short time until finally she loses her virginity to him. This is not important to him and he also dates nurse Alison Rathbone. They then both dump him.
After Alec leaves Bet to go and work in Southampton, Vicky continues to return to the Rovers and treats Bet as her grandmother. On reaching her 18th birthday, Vicky inherits £240,000 from her parents. To Bet's distress, Vicky immediately abandons her studies and decides the money would be better than her schooling. She visits Alec for a while to explain her decision to him. When she returns, she is keen to confide in old flame Steve but he is seeing hairdresser, Fiona Middleton, but Vicky comes back into his life when she invests £1,500 into his T-shirt company. However, she loses her money when an order for Costello's nightclub falls through when the place goes bust. Rather than put her off, this inspires Chloe to enroll on a business studies course at the local technical college and she becomes Steve's business partner, insisting that she has control of the finances – which annoys Fiona. She is even more annoyed when Vicky and Steve go to Dublin for a 'business' weekend. Fiona dumps him, leaving the way clear for Vicky to walk into his arms. She seduces him easily and they announce their engagement at Steve's 21st birthday party in 1995 – shocking everybody and incensing Bet. Alec returns for a spell to convince Vicky to end the relationship but it is to no avail. Alec even offers Steve £5,000 not to marry Vicky.
Eventually, the pair go to St Lucia to get married - Bet gives her blessing as she knows that Vicky is happy. After their marriage, Vicky and Steve have a long honeymoon holidaying in the Caribbean and the United States. When they return, they turn their attention to the business, which needs another injection of capital – again provided by Vicky's inheritance. Their relationship struggles, thanks to Steve spending Vicky's money and the final straw comes when he is arrested on Christmas Day for buying stolen whisky. He is guilty but had encouraged Vicky to bribe Malcolm Fox for £5,000. Steve bought the whisky from Malcolm and the bribe was for him to say that Steve did not know that the whisky was stolen. Steve is freed and the pair presumed that they were safe. However, the police discover the bribery when Malcolm Fox's wife confesses. Vicky and Steve are arrested and they stand trial, blaming each other for the bribe and both are found guilty. Steve is sentenced to two years in prison and Vicky is given a one-year suspended sentence. She decides to get on with her life without Steve and enrolls in a hotel management course in an exclusive college in Switzerland. She leaves in June 1996 and divorces Steve while he is in prison.
Vicky returns to the Street at Christmas time 1998 with a bang. She accidentally hits Steve's car as she parks her car outside the Rovers while visiting Alec. Vicky has blossomed into a lovely young woman, a far cry from the spoilt, impressionable teen that came to the Rovers many years before. She has just bought a wine bar in Brighton and wants advice from her grandfather. Alec is having problems with the Duckworths, who are now licencees at the pub, and is getting very despondent so Vicky persuades him to go into partnership with her, and with Alec selling the Rovers to Natalie Barnes, they leave Coronation Street together with hopes of a great future.
In November 1999, Steve and his friend, Vikram Desai, are heading to Calais to buy cigarettes and alcohol. Vikram discovers they are going via Brighton to see Vicky. On arrival at "Vicky's" - the wine bar she owns - Steve discovers she is about to re-marry. He plans to rekindle his relationship with her so he can get his hands on her money and business, betting Vikram £100 that he can stop the wedding. It transpires that Vicky's bar is actually in trouble as she asks Bet for a loan but she refuses. Steve successfully seduces Vicky. After her night of passion with Steve, Vicky tells him she cannot marry her fiance, Robert. She also tells him she is broke and the wine bar is losing money. He promises to pick her up later and return to Weatherfield but Steve and Vikram leave without her. Vicky realises that she has been stood up so Bet takes her back to the bar, and Vicky realises she does want to marry Robert after all. In 2002, Bet stated that Vicky was happily married.
Jackie Ingram.
Jaqueline Rachel "Jackie" Ingram (previously Baldwin) was Peter Ingram's widow who fell for Mike Baldwin's charms and became his second wife. The marriage lasted a week before Jackie discovered he had been only after her money and had used some of it to help out his girlfriend, Alma Sedgewick. She threatened Mike with her shotgun before leaving him. Mike was given a tidy sum of money as a pay-off for a quick divorce.
Angie Freeman.
Angie Freeman moved into 7 Coronation Street to share with Jenny Bradley, into the room vacated by Flick and Joanne Khan. She was a free-spirited student studying Design at University and a woman who knew her own mind. In March 1991, Curly Watts moved in and they quickly became very close – but more as brother and sister than lovers, until one night when they had too much red wine and ended up in bed together. Both regretted it the next morning, but Curly always hoped that their relationship might develop into something more than mutual.
After graduating, Angie was short of work, and worked unhappily for Mike Baldwin, and more happily for Hanif Ruparell. She found another soulmate in Des Barnes, but went on to have a rather confused and painful romance with Neil Mitchell.
When she left Weatherfield for Mexico in March 1993 to study Aztec design, she left behind a few broken hearts.
In December 1996, she called back on Weatherfield as a designer for Kbec - much to the annoyance of her former boss, Mike Baldwin, but Kbec troubles meant that by the following March they were both no longer in Kbec's employ. Angie returned to Weatherfield, and rented Des Barnes' house whilst he was on his canal barge, with the intention of setting up her own business.

</doc>
<doc id="31191970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191970" title="Ludvig Müller">
Ludvig Müller

Ludvig Müller (1868 – 1922) was a Norwegian actor. He was born in Bergen as the son of Amalie Skram. He made his stage debut at Christiania Theater in 1897. Müller chaired the Norwegian Actors' Equity Association from 1901 to 1903, and from 1907 to 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="31191972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191972" title="Tortuguero National Park">
Tortuguero National Park

Tortuguero National Park is a National Park in the Limon Province of Costa Rica. It is situated within the Tortuguero Conservation Area of the northeastern part of the country. 
Despite its remote location, it is the third-most visited park in Costa Rica, reached only by airplane or boat. The park has a large variety of biological diversity due to the existence within the reserve of eleven different habitats, including rainforest, mangrove forests, swamps, beaches, and lagoons. Located in a tropical climate, it is very humid, and receives up to of rain a year.
The park, a protected area within the Humedal Caribe Noreste, was recognized under Ramsar Convention on 3 March 1991 for its rich biological diversity and ecosystems that support threatened flora and fauna species. Set in a natural wetland of the Caribbean coast, it forms a corridor with another protected area, the Indio Maíz Biological Reserve of Nicaragua. It is a key Ramsar Site.
Geography.
The park is located on the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica, and covers an area of . It is bounded with an elevation range of , indicative of a sea coastal region to low hilly topography. The Tortuguero National Park has over 20 miles of coastline, which provides sea turtles a protected place to lay their eggs. Tortuguero is bordered on the north by the Barra del Colorado Wildlife Refuge (with habitats and climate similar to Tortuguero), to the south by the mouth of the Parismina River and the Cariari National Wetlands, the town of Tortuguero at the mouth of the Tortuguero River, and the Dr. Archie Carr Wildlife Refuge, which is a biological station to carry out turtle tagging program run by the Caribbean Conservation Corporation (Now known was the Sea Turtle Conservancy). 
While volcanic activity is reported as formation of a group of small islands, erosion has created the depressions which have a permeable base of "light grey, broken lava rocks, with harder rocks and grey or dark grey lavas overlying". Sandy soils resulting from sedimentation dominates the reserve with formation of parallel bars in the coastal area. The depressions are subject to filling by ephemeral floods; estuary lakes, grass marshes and wooded swamps caused by very heavy rainfall. Small tides of about height have also affected the coastal zone. The small rivers and streams that originate in the hills and flow through the park generally have water deep. The lakes in the northern part of the reserve are fed by the Colorado River. The very humid tropical forest is influenced by excessive humidity, rapid drainage and thin soils, with over 330 days of cloud cover per year. Moisture-laden winds come from the Caribbean.
The park has worked with the neighboring village of Tortuguero to help its inhabitants understand that preserving their natural resources is the key to encourage eco-tourism. With rich water resources from a precipitation of per year, the drainage system of the park is fed by many rivers. There are a large number of interlinked canals, water ways and navigable lagoons and lakes that create plains of sediment carried by the river system. The plains are interspersed with rolling hills of forest that were created in ancient days from volcanic cinder cones, of which the Tortuguero Hill and the Lomas de Sierpe of height could be mentioned. Swaths of the park have been semi-legally clear-cut, which damage also allows access to habitat of the endangered Green sea turtle.
Fauna and flora.
The national park’s wild life consists of birds, mammals, fungi, ferns, marine life, sea turtles, lakes and rainforest.
Fauna.
The coastal zone, which has a long beach extending to nearly , is the nesting ground for turtles popularly known as the "Beach-resting turtles (tortugas)". They are found on the beaches, and also many of these species are reported from the canal banks. The main species to lay eggs during the winter months of February to July are: Hawksbill, Loggerheads, Green, and Leatherbacks. Large parts of the park have been semi-legally clearcut, giving access to the habitat of the endangered Green sea turtle. Seven species of Land turtles, the manatee or sea cow, the crocodile, and a variety of crustaceans are found here, as are 30 species of freshwater fish, gar, eel and bull shark.
Tortuguero National Park, acts as an isolated refuge to many of these species which are also found in the La Selva Biological Station and Braulio Carrillo National Park. However, enforcement of protection has remained a challenge. The rivers are home to sensitive populations of manatees, as well as caimans, crocodiles, and Tropical Gar, which is considered a living fossil. The forests are home to jaguars, three-toed sloths, and three of Costa Rica's four species of monkey: Geoffroy's Spider Monkey, the Mantled Howler, and the White-headed Capuchin. Basilisk lizards and poisonous frogs also inhabit the area, along with 375 species of birds, including kingfishers, toucans, blue herons, peacocks, and parrots. Neotropical migratory birds fly through this park, the noted bird species which is the second largest bird of prey is the eagle ("Morphnus guianensis").
Species of marine and freshwater fish reported are: The "Cichlidae", "Characidae", "Pimelodidae", "Carcharinidae", "Centropomidae", and Lutjanidae; minimum of 10 species of freshwater molluscs such as "Mytilopsis guianensis".
Reptiles and amphibians reported are: Caiman crocodilus, Chrysemys spp., Rhinoclemmys spp, Frogs ("Dendrobatidae"), and many endemic species of salamanders.
The threatened flora and fauna species in the reserve area are: the crocodile (Crocodylus acutus), tapir ("Tapirus bairdii"), marine turtles such as ("Chelonia mydas") and ("Dermochelys coriacea"), the manatee ("Trichechus manatus")(Humedal Caribe Noreste is its feeding and reproduction area) and the only endemic Atractosteus tropicus (Lepisosteidae) a living fossil brought under protection by a Costa Rican legislation. The park is also is a stopover for migratory birds for nearly one million birds annually. The park is the breeding ground for subsistence fishing of main fishes along the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica.
Flora.
The national park ecosystem has more than 400 species of trees and about 2,200 species of other plants. The wet lowland Atlantic slopes (mostly below ) of northern Costa Rica, particularly along the coast, form into mangrove forests. The forests in this region comprise the Gavilán ("Pentaclethra macroloba"), Caobilla ("Carapa nicaraguensis"), the almendro ("Dipteryx panamensis") and the monkey pot tree ("Lecythis ampla"); the last two species (regional endemics of the lowlands found below ) are stated to be nearly endangered. While 99% of mangrove forests are reported from the Pacific Coast of Costa Rica, only 1% is found in the Caribbean part of the park.
Lakes, marshes and floodplains areas in the park have reported floral varieties such as: "Raphia taedigera", trees including "Inga spp.", "Pterocarpus officinalis", "Pachira aquatica", "Pentaclethra macroloba"; large trees with thick and varied undergrowth, several species of small palms; floating aquatic plants in the streams, such as the "genera Azolla", "Eichhornia", "Hydrocotyle" and "Salvinia"(which fully cover the streams during the dry season); other important plant species are, "Dipteryx panamensis", "Protium spp.", "Vatairea spp.","Pentaclethra macroloba", "Paspalum spp.", "Luehea seemannii", "Manicaria saccifera", "Euterpe macrospadix", "Brachiaria mutica", Pachira aquatica, Pterocarpus officinalis, and "Raphia taedigera".
Uses.
Tortuguero National Park is surrounded by private property consisting of large areas under cattle ranching and agricultural farming. The park area itself does not have any permanent human settlement though settlement was reported during the early part of the twentieth century when timber logging, turtle hunting, and collecting and selling skins of large mammals and reptiles were the major activities. The local inhabitants around the park are only permitted to collect forest products to supplement their income and also for domestic use. Fishing and tourism are major activities. Regulated guidance to visitors to access creeks, lakes, nature tails and watching wildlife and also for observing egg-laying by the turtles "Chelonia mydas" and "Dermochelys coriacea". Training workshops as part of environmental education are organized by the park administration (ACTo) on aspects of conservation measures. Even though no research activities are conducted in the park, several institutions are involved in conducting surveys on sea turtles, birds, flora and insects, land tenure and use, and related economic development, there are some guard stations and protection points built within the park.
Regulations for the public use of the Tortuguero National Park provides allowance for public visitation under the specific regulations formulated. The park entrance is accessible from the Cuatro Esquinas center in the village of Tortuguero, in the northern part of the park. A number of trails depart from this point — three aquatic trails and one hiking trail. The hiking trail is called the Gavilan Trail and is long. La Ceiba and La Bomba trails lead up to Tortuguero hill, to a tower which provides a scenic vista of the region. The Sector Jalova Station is further south near Jalova Lagoon and the town of Parismina. Aguas Frias Station is on the western edge close to the town of Cariari. The three water trails are the Harold which is the most popular, Mora, and Chiquero.
Conservation.
Illegal clear-cuts within the park has created access for poachers to the once isolated second largest Green sea turtle nesting beach in the world. Other threats are due to cutting of Manicaria spp. for use as roofing material, change of river course deforestation, siltation as a result of banana plantations and illegal hunting by outside agencies. The last named threat is most serious and the most affected species are: "Agouti paca", "Tayassu pecari", "Tapirus bairdii", "Odocoileus virginianus", "Dasypus novemcinctus" and "marine turtles" and their eggs. Some of the developmental activities reported to be directly affecting the park environment are; a hydroelectric project; the new international port of Barra del Parismina; and an interlinking project linking the canals to the Pacific and the Caribbean.
Conservation measures proposed in the core area of the larger Area de Conservación y Desarrollo Sostenible de Llanuras del Tortuguero (ACTo), encompasses the Tortuguero National Park, the Barra del Colorado Wildlife Reserve (40,315 ha) and a border reserve (11,092 ha). The Ministry for the Environment and Energy (MINAE) has the responsibility to manage the project. In 1990-1992, conservation projects were undertaken with the initiative of the Project the Ministry for the Environment and Energy (MINAE) and the European Union (EU), and were implemented by IUCN. The project envisaged "the organisation of land use and agro-forestry, conservation of aquatic resources, strengthening of social structures, facilitating research development, and protecting existing natural and cultural resources."

</doc>
<doc id="31191982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191982" title="Redován">
Redován

Redován () is a municipality in the "comarca" of Vega Baja del Segura in the Valencian Community, Spain.
This town is located at the feet of the Sierra de Callosa mountain range.
Redovan is one of the Vega Baja (low fertile valley) villages of the southern Costa Blanca, Spain. Located in the Alicante province, on a sparsely vegetated plain at the foot of the Sierra Segura, approximately 7 km from Orihuela. Although the town was founded by the Moors during the Arab conquest (8th - 13th Centuries, there is evidence of much earlier settlements going back to pre-historic times. The town is well known for its ceramics and this tradition stretches back to the 3rd century BC from when various samples of ceramic work have been found with a very distinctive zig-zag pattern.There appear to have been settlements on some small elevations of land in the surrounding areas from the Neolithic Period up until Bronze Age. In the 2nd century BC there appears to have been several different cultures in the region, among them “the culture of Argar” more commonly found in Almeria (further south down the coast of Spain).The area has always attracted settlers mostly because of its importance in agriculture due largely to the basin being irrigated by the Segura river, though there have often problems as the area is prone to flooding.Redovan’s early history is dominated by the Arabs (Moors) and there is little doubt that the name of the village is derived from the Arabic language, despite there being some confusion as to the actual origin of the name. Some say that name derives from a famous general of the Moorish King of Granada named Farax Ben Redvan (or Reduan) who invaded and plundered the village in 1331. Others refer to the “Book of Distributions” in Orihuela which mentions the name “Aben-Redvan” (“of the children of Reduan”) relating to a time much earlier than 1331. A 16th-century historian attributes the name to the family of Redouanes (of Moroccan origin) who were Moorish noblemen from Granada.Redovan and the whole area suffered a great pestilence in 1347 and this lasted until 1351 this ravaged the agriculture of the area and many of its residents re-settled in the city of Orihuela. During this time the town was often plundered by bandits and renegades. The plague hit again in 1374 and in 1383. Redovan and its people were also greatly affected by the constant wars between the Kingdoms of Valencia and Aragon.During the 17th Century Redovan enjoyed a period of improved wealth and prosperity due to successes in agriculture, important crops at the time being grapes, vegetables, wheat, olives and the mulberry (silk became an important product of the town).Redovan was seriously damaged by the disastrous earthquake of 1829 and there a great loss of life. In 1847 Redovan had 160 houses and 1,591 inhabitants, its industry consisted of “5 mills and some looms”.Modern day Redovan is a busy town of around 5,600 people, it is noted for the production of cotton, hemp and hemp products, espadrilles and the formerly mentioned ceramics. During the latter part of September there is an exhibition of hemp products in the town dedicated to the patron saint of the village, St Michael.It is also a popular location for potholers as there are many caves in the area suitable for this more modern pursuit. Redovan has numerous bars, restaurants and shops, centred around its village square where many celebrations, fiestas and festivities take place.Redovan is readily accessible via the N-340 and the A-7 motorway, it is approximately 52 km from Alicante and its international airport at El Altet (Alicante).

</doc>
<doc id="31191994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191994" title="Kreeta Haapasalo">
Kreeta Haapasalo

Kreeta Haapasalo, or Kantele-Kreeta (13 November 1813 - 29 March 1893), was a Finnish kantele-player, singer and folk musician.
Life.
Early life.
Kreeta Järvilä was born 13 November 1813 in Kaustby parish in Järvilä village as the youngest of a family of five. Her parents were known as Jaakko Matinpoika Järvilä and Liisa Eliasentytär Björn (Jacob Mattsson Järvilä and Elisabet Eliasdotter Björn). Her mother's father was a soldier with a talent for music: Elias Mattsson Björn.
Kreeta's musical training began at six years of age with a 6-stringed kantele under the guidance of her uncle Vanhatalo Juho (Gammalgården), who played both violin and a "large, black kantele". As a child, she would sit and listen as he played his kantele. She also played the violin in the beginning but quit later. When she became older, her brother made her a bigger instrument of alder with wooden screws.
As a 13-year-old Kreeta moved in with her sister and husband where she helped with the farm work; she stayed with them five years. During this time she became adept at sewing and travelled from house to house sewing. She worked on farms during the summer and did her sewing in the wintertime. As an 18-year old she moved back to her parents and worked as a seamstress.
The young Kreeta's musical interest was concentrated on practicing on the kantele. Nothing was mentioned about Kreeta's singing, but she said in 1890: "When I was young I did not sing, but when sorrow and distress came as an adult, then I first burst out in song."
Kreeta Järvilä was married 24 June 1837 (in full attire with a large crown) to farmer's son Joonas Tanelinpoika Huntus, (Jonas Danielsson Wirkkala), born 13 April 1814 in Kaustby, died 20 May 1890 at Varkaus. The couple had eleven children.
As newlyweds, the young couple stayed in Joonas' home, but after a short time they got a little croft near his parents. They had not settled themselves before they moved to Kreeta's home. After some years they went to Kelviå as crofters.
Restlessness led them to a crofter's holding at Haga at Vetil parsonage. They went to Luoma farm the following year, and in 1850 the family moved to Haapasalo, to the side of the village that borders on Halsua, the crown residence. From that time Kreeta began to use the name Haapasalo at the initiative of Zacharias Topelius in 1853. The stay at Haapasalo was not of long duration, until they moved back to Haga croft, also to Kritilä croft at the parsonage.
Career as a musician.
In 1869 they bought a home at Kalliokoski in Halsua where they stayed four years. The famine of 1867-68 came during this restless period and Kreeta was often forced to go on singing trips. Her husband's inability to work regularly was the biggest cause of the many moves. During these restless and sad times, the following song was born: "Lapseni minun kotia huonolle hoidolle jäi. kun pitkin mailman turuja mun täytyy kulkia näin." (My children left in a corner of the home with poor care while I have to sing and gather my bread from farm to farm.)
She began her appearances in the nearest city of Gamlakarleby in 1853, where one afternoon she received 10 rubles. At one house Captain Langenskjöld encouraged her to give a concert in Helsingfors and gave her a letter of recommendation. She received 275 rubles on her journey through the southern cities; most of the money came in Helsingfors. People showed genuine and pure kindness as Kreeta was so new and overwhelming that from 1853 the media of that time could not be more attentive. People followed her journeys with sympathy and were pleased with her success. In the newspapers of the time one can gather many accounts of the singing and kantele playing at the appearances of the Osterbottniska farmer's wife.
While in Helsingfors, she gave her letters of recommendation to writer and poet Zacharias Topelius. When he asked her surname, she replied that she had none. She was known as Kreeta Jacobsdotter, but he felt she should have a surname. The house she was living in at that time was known as Haapasalo, so Topelius advised her to call herself Kreeta Haapasalo.
Kantele Kreeta's songs, which she always sang, accompanied her for 40 years in the homes, in schools, at large and small festivals, at concerts, at agricultural shows, at restaurants and at markets.
Johan L. Runeberg arranged a party for her appearance in Borgå. One time she performed at the royal theater in Stockholm. This was arranged by Swedish poet Emil Van Qvanten. She also performed several times in the auditorium of the nobility in St. Petersburg (Russia).
The family's daughter Fia often followed her mother on trips because she also was a gifted singer and played the kantele. She married at Leppävirta and Kreeta and Joonas with the children Matti and Matilda moved to a rented house in Varkaus.
After her husband's death 20 May 1890, Kreeta moved for the last time. Daughter Fia's family moved to Jyväskylä and Kreeta followed. The 80-year old folk artist's labor ended there with much feeling and inner beauty on 29 Mar 1893. She was buried in the old cemetery in Jyväskylä. In 1899 the Society of Young Finns placed a granite stone on her grave.
Kreeta Haapasalo's extensive repertory was mostly spiritual songs, folk dances, ballads as well as her own songs, which often emphasized sorrow. One time when she returned from a trip she heard that two of her children were to be buried that day. She arrived at the cemetery to hear that an epidemic had taken two of her children.
Court artist R. W. Ekman has immortalized her on three canvases. The most well-known picture of her is one by Arvid Liljelund in Tusby - a painted portrait where Kreeta stands at a window singing and playing and one of her small grandsons sits and listens. Probably all of the older people in Finland know which picture is represented.
Legacy.
Aleksis Kivi mentioned her in his poem Anjanpellon markkivat: "Vaimo vakaa Pohjanmaalta soitti kanteleella lempiäll." (The serious woman from Österbotten played her beautiful kantele.)
In 1954 a statue was erected in her memory in Kaustby with Ilmari Wirkkala as a prime sponsor. Another monument was erected at her homeplace in Vetil. In the early 1990s Finland honored her and five other women on postage stamps.

</doc>
<doc id="31191996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31191996" title="Everard Crijnsz. van der Maes">
Everard Crijnsz. van der Maes

Everard Crynsz. van der Maes (1577, The Hague – 1647, The Hague), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Biography.
According to Karel van Mander he was a painter from The Hague who had travelled to Italy and had returned home shortly before the Schilder-boeck was written. Van Mander mentioned him together with another painter from The Hague, named Ravesteyn as being a good painter.
According to the RKD he was a pupil of his father, the painter Crijn Coensz. van der Maes, Quirijn Coenraetsz. Maes (probably another family member) and Karel van Mander himself. His father worked together with the painter Anthonie van Ravesteyn. He painted portraits and had several pupils later on in his own workshop. His registered pupils were Dirck van Cats, Cornelis de Jongh, Gijsbrecht Joosten, Pancras van Nispen, Joris van Schooten, Carel Swerius, Joris van Swerius, Abraham van Tijlburch, Pieter van de Venne, Pieter Vinne, Gerrit Adriaensz van Waspick, and Jan Jansz Westerbaen.

</doc>
<doc id="31192024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192024" title="Tissa Kapukotuwa">
Tissa Kapukotuwa

G. Tissa Kapukotuwa was a Ceylonese politician. He was elected to the Parliament of Ceylon in 1960 in the general election from the Teldeniya electorate.
His father was S. L. B. Kapukotuwa, a well known educationist. He was educated at Royal College Colombo where he played for the college cricket team in the Royal-Thomian.

</doc>
<doc id="31192029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192029" title="Solarte Island">
Solarte Island

Solarte Island (in Spanish: "Isla Solarte"), also known as Nancy's Cay, (in Spanish: "Cayo Nancy") is an 8 km2 island located only 1 mile east of Bocas del Toro, in the Bocas del Toro Province, Panama. The two hundred Ngöbe Buglé fishing community lives on the island without electricity or telephone system, capturing water from a well. 
A medical facility, later known as Hospital Point (in Spanish: "Punta Hospital"), was built upon a hill on the western end of the island by the United Fruit Company for treatment of patients with yellow fever and malaria in 1899 but it was decommissioned and moved to Almirante in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="31192049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192049" title="Edmund Charles Smith Richards">
Edmund Charles Smith Richards

Sir Edmund Charles Smith Richards (1889-1955) was a British colonial administrator who was Resident Commissioner of Basutoland from 1935 to 1942 and Governor of Nyasaland from 1942 to 1947.
Career outline.
Edmund Charles Smith Richards was born on 6 October 1889. After joining the colonial service, he rose steadily through the ranks, becoming a District Commissioner in 1923, Assistant Secretary for Native Affairs in 1927, Deputy Provincial Commissioner in 1928, Provincial Commissioner in 1931, Deputy Chief Secretary in 1934, Acting Chief Secretary in 1934 and Resident Commissioner, Basutoland from 1935 to 1942. Richards became Governor of Nyasaland in August 1942, retiring in March 1947. He died in 1955.
Central African Council.
A Central African Council was created in 1945 to coordinate research activities, economic policies and the transport and communication systems of Nyasaland, Northern Rhodesia and Southern Rhodesia.
Richards saw no particular value to Nyasaland in the council.
Sir Stewart Gore-Browne of Northern Rhodesia objected to the name since no Africans were represented. Talking of the first session, Gore-Browne described Richards as an "ill-mannered oaf".
The key topic discussed by the council was that of recruitment and treatment of Native labor. Nyasaland was the main supplier of non-indigenous African laborers to Southern Rhodesia. The main debate was between Richards and the Prime Minister of Southern Rhodesia, Godfrey Huggins. Although the council had no power to make a decision on the subject, the two men both freely aired their views.
Richards was initially hostile to the idea of establishing joint services to serve the three colonies, but later came round to the idea of extending services such as Civil Aviation and the Court of Appeal from Southern Rhodesia to also cover the northern territories.
Other Nyasaland issues.
One of the issues Richards had to deal with was that of education of the Africans.
In 1945, Richards received a memorandum from the newly formed Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) saying the members disliked sending their boys to the college at Makerere in Uganda "because the standard of education attained is lower than that attained in South African Schools...".
The age limit system was also an issue with primary education. Under this system, children could not enroll if they were too old, and without birth certifications they were subject to arbitrary estimates of whether they were young enough to attend school. Girls suffered in particular when they were unable to start education early for reasons that were out of their control. Richards did nothing to resolve the problem, but supported age limits.
On 15 February 1946, Richards sent proposals to the Colonial Office to change the method of selecting members of the Legislative Council. These included introducing elections for the European "unofficial" members (members other than civil servants), and giving the unofficial members the majority.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31192064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192064" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1983)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1983)

This is a list of Coronation Street characters in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31192088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192088" title="Echinocereus fendleri">
Echinocereus fendleri

Echinocereus fendleri is a species of cactus known by the common names pinkflower hedgehog cactus and Fendler's hedgehog cactus. 
It grows in deserts and woodlands in the Southwestern United States and Northeastern Mexico. It is most common in New Mexico.
The taxonomy of the species is uncertain, with authors recognizing up to eight varieties.
Description.
"Echinocereus fendleri" has an erect oval or cylindrical stem, sometimes forming a clump of several spreading stem branches. The stem may reach 7.5 to 30 centimeters in maximum height. There are up to 16 spines per areole, generally in shades of brown and white, or white with a brown stripe. 
The showy flower is most any shade of pink, from nearly white to deep maroon. It can be 11 centimeters long and wide, each tepal measuring up to 7 centimeters long. The fruit is red and a few centimeters long. 
The flesh of the plant is edible, and Native American groups consumed the stems and fruits.
Varieties.
One variety of this species, "Echinocereus fendleri" var. "kuenzleri", "Kuenzler's hedgehog cactus'" (formerly "Echinocereus kuenzleri"), is rare and federally listed as an endangered species of the United States. When it was listed in 1979, there were only 200 known individuals of this variety remaining, all in the Sacramento Mountains of New Mexico. It was threatened with extinction by poachers, who removed many plants from the wild. 
More populations have since been discovered. The US Fish and Wildlife Service has suggested it be downlisted to threatened status. Kuenzler's hedgehog cactus differs from other varieties of the species by having large flowers, reaching 11 centimeters long and magenta in color, and white spines.

</doc>
<doc id="31192098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192098" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1977)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1977)

Suzie Birchall.
Suzanne "Suzie" Birchall was played by actress Cheryl Murray from January 1977 to December 1979 and then again in 1983. Suzie was a cynical peroxide blonde teenager who was more interested in having fun than personal responsibility. She made fast friends with Gail Potter and roomed with her at Elsie Tanner's house. Her first storyline involved her getting her foot stuck through Hilda Ogden's ceiling. Her father Bob was a control freak and he showed up in the Street to take her back home. When he tried to take her by force, Steve Fisher intervened, getting a punch in the face before Bob washed his hands of his daughter and drove off alone. She later kept company with a sugar daddy and found fleeting romance, which was her ticket out of the Street. She returned briefly to steal Gail's husband Brian Tilsley away, but was promptly chased away by her former mentor Elsie.

</doc>
<doc id="31192136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192136" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1974)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1974)

Sir Julius Berlin.
Sir Julius Berlin was played by Leonard Sachs. Sir Julius appeared in Coronation Street during 1974 as the boss of the Mark Brittain mail order warehouse that was situated in the Street. When the residents complained about the lorries passing through, Ken Barlow spoke to Sir Julius about the problem. Sir Julius was so impressed by Ken that he offered him a job at the warehouse as executive administrative assistant. The workers at the warehouse threatened to strike because Sir Julius decided to keep the union out of the firm until Ken persuaded Sir Julius to accept the union. Sir Julius upset workers Ivy Tilsley and Vera Duckworth because the company announced all women over sixty had to retire. They called the union in but the union supported lowering the retirement age. After the warehouse fire in 1975, Sir Julius (who had not appeared since May 1974) folded the company.
Martin Downes.
Martin Andrew Downes (né Lynch) is the son of Bet Lynch who she gave up for adoption when she was 16. Martin arrives to meet her but is repulsed by her overt sexual nature and leaves without ever confirming his identity. Nine month later, Bet receives news from one of Martin's army colleagues that he has died in action in Ulster.
Idris Hopkins.
Foundry worker Idris Hopkins, his wife Vera and their daughter Tricia moved to Coronation Street to take over the tenancy of the Corner Shop in 1974. Idris, a Welshman, was a quiet man, satisfied with what life had thrown at him. Weary of working night shifts, and of the noise in Coronation Street, Idris frequently had to make peace between Vera and his domineering mother Megan, who moved into the Corner Shop accommodation with Idris and Vera.
Idris was never as involved with the grand plans of the family as Vera or (especially) Granny Hopkins. He spent most of his time slumped in his chair or working nights. He barely registered the trouble Granny was giving shop owner Gordon Clegg and his mother Betty Turpin, but when he found out he tried to exclude her from the family's plans to buy the shop from Gordon. When Granny persisted, hoping to buy the shop for a cheaper price, Gordon evicted the family, and they disappeared during the night, never to seen in Coronation Street again (except for Tricia).

</doc>
<doc id="31192141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192141" title="Alix Strauss">
Alix Strauss

Alix Strauss is a four-time published author and media social satirist based in Manhattan. She has been a featured trend journalist on CBS, CNN, ABC, NBC's today show and various national morning and talk shows. Her articles have appeared in "The New York Post", "Time Magazine", "The New York Times", "Marie Claire", "Entertainment Weekly", "Self", and many other publications. Her four published books include her two non-fiction works "Have I Got A Guy For You" and "Death Becomes Them: Unearthing the Suicides of the Brilliant, the Famous, and the Notorious", and her two works of fiction "The Joy of Funerals" and "Based Upon Availability". She was chosen as a speaker for both the Jewish Book Council and Israel Bonds. Strauss also spoke last year at the University of Connecticut's suicide prevention week in conjunction with Death Becomes Them.
Strauss lectures extensively not only for bookstores and book clubs, but at conferences, colleges and universities, synagogues, libraries, country clubs, etc. For her most recently published novel "Based Upon Availability", a novel that takes place in Manhattan's swanky Four Seasons Hotel, Strauss designed a book tour around hotels. She is in fact known for her unusual reading events and was quoted by "Publishers Weekly" to say "I believe in finding venues that are in keeping with the theme of one's work." True to her words, Strauss held the launch party for her first novel "The Joy of Funerals" at the Frank E. Campbell funeral home. She also held a reading for "Death Becomes Them: Unearthing the Suicides of the Brilliant, the Famous & the Notorious" at the Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn.
Biography.
Alix Strauss currently lives and works in Manhattan and is a well-known freelance journalist. She graduated from New York University with a degree in Educational Theater and for the past 15 years has taught Creative Writing, Fiction Writing, Writing for Magazines, and Personal Essay writing.
Writing career.
Strauss' widely published articles include everything from celebrity interviews, beauty, and travel to food, fashion, trends, etc., many of which can be viewed on her official website at www.alixstrauss.com. She has interviewed Viggo Mortensen, Kristin Chenoweth, Carrie Fisher, and many others. She is known for her unusual and edgy articles including, for example, one she wrote after having a consultation with sexologist Betty Dodson, Ph.D. for some masturbation tips.
"The Joy of Funerals" was published in 2003 by St. Martin's Griffin. It has been described as "a novel in stories" tied together by the narrative that follows the life of Nina, a single woman in her thirties who attends the funerals of the previous tales' deceased characters, hoping to find some human connection. The various stories feature a variety for characters including a widow in "Recovering Larry" who looks for male companionship at the funerals she attends to the woman in "Swimming Without Annette" who has a troublesome obsession with her lover's killer. It has been described as "Sex and the City" meets "Six Feet Under" and contains elements of dark comedy, sex, and tragedy.
"Have I Got A Guy For You: What Really Happens When Mom Fixes You Up" (Polka Dot Press, 2008) is an anthology of 26 true stories, edited by Alix Strauss, about mothers who have fixed up their daughters on horrifically bad blind dates. These true stories are personal narratives from today's top contemporary female writers. Examples of these failed dates include a mother who wrote to Michael Gelman, the producer of "Live with Regis and Kelly" hoping to fix him up with her daughter, a woman whose blind date serenaded her, dressed head to toe in leather in the middle of a Starbucks, a writer who spent her blind date - all eight hours of it - at a Dungeons & Dragons convention complete with costumes, and many others.
In 2009 HarperCollins Publishers printed Alix's third book "Death Becomes Them: Unearthing the Suicides of the Brilliant, the Famous, and the Notorious", a non-fiction work about famous suicides.
Alix Strauss' most-recently published novel "Based Upon Availability" (HarperCollins Publishers) came out in June 2010. In similar fashion to "The Joy of Funerals", the book follows the lives of several different women tied together by one central narrator, Morgan, a hotel manager - an emotionally battered character, haunted by her dead sister's memory, desperately seeking human connection. The book's jacket cover describes the hotel as "offering sanctuary to some, solace to others, the hotel captures their darkest moments as they grapple with family, sex, power, love, and death."
Alixʼs essays have been anthologized in "Sex, Drugs & Gefilte Fish... The Heeb Storytelling Collection" and her short fiction has been featured in the "Primavera Literary Journal", "Hampton Shorts Literary Journal", "The Idaho Review;", "Quality Women's Fiction", "The Blue Moon Café III", and "A Kudzu Christmas".
"The Joy of funerals" has been optioned for film. Strauss will write the screenplay and Stockard Channing is expected to direct the film adaptation. "Death Becomes Them" has been optioned for a television show by a well-known producer.

</doc>
<doc id="31192159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192159" title="Eccentrotheca">
Eccentrotheca

Eccentrotheca is a genus of sclerite-bearing marine organism known from Cambrian deposits. Its sclerite form rings that are stacked to produce a widening-upwards conical scleritome. Individual plates have been homologized with the valves of brachiopods, and a relationship with the phoronids is also likely at a stem-group level. Its pointed end terminated in a stub that probably fastened it to a hard sea floor; its open end has been interpreted as a filter-feeding aperture.

</doc>
<doc id="31192164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192164" title="Shane Overton">
Shane Overton

Shane Paul Overton is notable as only the second person to Britain to be made the subject of a Criminal Anti Social Behaviour Order (CRASBO) because of his English Defence League (EDL) activities. He admitted a racially-aggravated public order offence (under section 5 of the Public Order Act 1986) committed on his way home from an (EDL) demonstration on 29 November 2010.
The terms of the order mean he cannot travel on any public railway or enter any railway station, contact the victims in the case or knowingly participate in, organise or control any demonstration, meeting gathering or website concerning the EDL. Overton was also banned from entering or loitering outside any mosque, Islamic prayer room, meeting room, school, cultural centre or festival site.
Overton, aged 38, was returning from an EDL rally in Newcastle and waiting at Doncaster station for a connecting train to his home in Lincoln when he saw an Asian mother and father with their two children on the platform. Prosecutor Richard Sheldon said he objected to them speaking in Urdu and used racist abuse and told them to ‘get out of our country’. The children clung to their parents in fear. His 33 previous convictions included other racially aggravated offending linked to his association with the EDL.
DC Andy Haworth from the National Domestic Extremism Unit, a national police unit which worked alongside British Transport Police and Lincolnshire Police to bring the prosecution, said: “It is only the second time a Crasbo of this nature has been granted to individuals participating in Defence League demonstrations, and it is widely anticipated other police forces will follow suit and apply for Crasbos to stop violent individuals from subverting otherwise legitimate, lawful, protests. While the Defence Leagues are entitled to protest, violence has been a persistent feature of their demonstrations, and on this occasion the offence was committed while travelling from a demonstration. We are working to support all police forces with Crasbo applications against any individual who persistently commits criminal acts at (or travelling to and from) Defence League demonstrations, regardless of whether they profess to support the Defence League or oppose it, in order to ensure future demonstrations are peaceful and lawful.”
Passing sentence at Doncaster Crown Court, Judge Jacqueline Davies told Overton that he had shown "a patent contempt" for those of a different racial background to his own throughout his adult life. In addition to the CRASBO, he was fined £200 for the offence and ordered to pay the family £250 compensation.

</doc>
<doc id="31192170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192170" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1972)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1972)

Archie Crabtree.
Archie Crabtree (played by John Stratton) was the brother of Hilda Ogden. Archie turned up in Coronation Street in May 1972 to look after Hilda while Stan was in hospital recovering from an accident on the lorries. With his beer belly and laziness, Archie could more easily pass as a brother of Stan than of Hilda, and for three weeks he filled Stan's void in Hilda's life. 
Archie arrived on the scene just as Hilda decided to give No.13 a facelift which would give it pride of place in the Street. Together, they settled on a porch, complete with hanging baskets. Archie built the porch for Hilda and finished it in less than a week, but there was a last minute snag: planning permission, as Jerry Booth reminded them as they proudly admired their handiwork. Archie went to the Town Hall to sort it out but he was unsuccessful and Hilda was told by Councillor Warburton to take the porch down. Shortly after this, the porch disappeared, and believing that the council wouldn't just take it, Hilda decided it must have been stolen. However, Archie never got the chance to make good on his threat to turn the thief into mincemeat as shortly thereafter Hilda received a telegram from the hospital revealing that Stan was on his way home from hospital, and hence Archie would have to go. Archie suggested that Hilda take on another job so that she could look after him and Stan, but one Stan was enough for Hilda. 
Despite his belief that a working man was finished by the time he was fifty, Archie went on to see better days. He married Doris some time after his visit to No.13 and by the 1980s owned Crabtree's Chip Shop. Hilda went to stay with Archie in 1973, in 1981, at which point he had just moved into a new, bigger house, and again in 1982. By 1983, Archie was a widower and not in the best of health. On 16th May of that year, he died of a heart attack. The shop fell to Hilda as Archie's only surviving family, and Hilda dealt with the funeral arrangements and had Archie cremated. 
After Archie's death, there was some question over the nature of his relationship with his assistant Avril Carter, who claimed to be Archie's fiancée and that with his dying breath he had expressed his desire for her to have the chip shop. Hilda battled Avril for the shop and, after finding out she was having an affair with a married man which would be exposed in court, forced her to back down. There was however further disappointment as because of Archie's debts, her inheritance only amounted to £2,000.
Norma Ford.
Norma Ford was played by Diana Davies. Norma moved to the street in 1972 and got a job as Maggie Clegg's assistant in the Corner Shop. In 1973 she embarked on a relationship with Ken Barlow, but it did not last long, as he eventually left her for Janet Reid. Shortly after Ken and Janet's wedding, Norma left the area. She came back briefly in 1974 for Maggie's wedding to businessman Ron Cooke and left again after the ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="31192180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192180" title="Chelishchevo">
Chelishchevo

Chelishchevo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="31192190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192190" title="Loeb's NY Deli">
Loeb's NY Deli

Loeb's NY Deli is a historic kosher-style deli in downtown Washington, D.C., USA. Opened in 1959 by Walter Loeb, the deli was originally located at the corner of 15th and G Streets, NW, in a space currently occupied by the Old Ebbitt Grill. In the 1970s the deli moved to the U.S. Export-Import Bank (Lafayette) building, and was made to move again in 2010 because of a Recovery Act-funded renovation. It is now located at 1712 I Street, and run by Dave, Marlene and Steve Loeb, the children of founder Walter Loeb.

</doc>
<doc id="31192194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192194" title="Jujhautiya Brahmin">
Jujhautiya Brahmin

The Jujhautiya Brahmin {also spelled Jijhotia, Jajautia or Jujautia) are an endogamous Brahmin community found the Chambal and Yamuna river valleys in the north, and the Narbada valley in the south. Chhatarpur District in Madhya Pradesh is the centra and cultural focus of this community. They are a sub-group of the Kanyakubja Brahmins. They are one of the more important communities in Bundelkhand.
Origin.
""Kanyakubj Vanshavali"" mentions five branches of Kanyakubja Brahmins as Saryupareen, Sanadhya, Bhumihar Brahmin, Jujhautiya and Prakrit Kanaujia:
In the 19th (held at Prayag) and 20th (held at Lucknow) national convention of Kanyakubja Brahmins by "Kanyakubja Mahati Sabha", in 1926 and 1927 respectively, it appealed for unity among Kanyakubja Brahmins whose different branches included Sanadhya, Pahadi, Jujhoutia, Saryupareen, Chattisgarhi, Bhumihar Brahmins and different Bengali Brahmins. On the Jijhoutia clan of Bhumihar Brahmin, "William Crooke" writes, "A branch of the Kanaujia Brahmins (Kanyakubja Brahmins) who take their name from the country of Jajakshuku, which is mentioned in the Madanpur inscription. 
According to the community's traditions, they acquired the name Jujhautiya, when a group of Kanyakubja Brahmins performed a "yajna" for Jujhar Singh, the Bundela Rajah. Other traditions point to the fact that Bundelkhand was known as Jujhauti, and Jujhautia simply means the Brahmins of Jujhauti in Sanskrit. In Uttar Pradesh, they are found mainly in the districts Hamirpur, Jhansi and Banda and Ghazipur, Azamgarh, Varanasi, Jaunpur and Gorakhpur and in some places in Bihar where Jujhoutia Brahmins had migrated long ago and became as one of the clans of land-owning Bhumihar Brahmin. The great nationalist and peasant leader Swami Sahajanand Saraswati is an example.
Social organization.
The practice endogamy and clan exogamy, like most Brahmin castes. Their clans are known as "pata", are placed into two groupings, Teen Ghars, consisting of the Tiwari, Chanke and Pande, and the Tera Ghar consisting of the Rawat, Richhariya, Misra, Pathak, Patairiya, Bhandairiya, Vajpai, Chaube, Nayak, Arjariya, Sullere, Dikhsit and the Tiwari of Aijhi.
The Jujhautiya were at one time substantial landowners, and zamindars of the estates of Gawrihar, Paldes, Navagaon, Bhesaunda, and Chaubepur Pahra.

</doc>
<doc id="31192198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192198" title="Lazarus Bendavid">
Lazarus Bendavid

Lazarus Bendavid (18 October 1762 in Berlin – 28 March 1832 in Berlin) was a German mathematician and philosopher known for his exposition of Kantian philosophy.
Biography.
He was of Jewish heritage. After his graduation from the University of Berlin he lectured for some years on the philosophy of Kant in Vienna. His lectures being discouraged by the Austrian government during a general purge of foreigners, Bendavid returned to Berlin, where he found government employment and continued to lecture and write.

</doc>
<doc id="31192202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192202" title="Minkovo">
Minkovo

Minkovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="31192206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192206" title="Nicolas-François Canard">
Nicolas-François Canard

Nicolas-François Canard (c. 1750 – 1833) was a French mathematician, philosopher and economist. He was one of the pioneers of applying mathematics to economic problems, forestalling the works of Antoine Augustin Cournot, William Stanley Jevons, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31192209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192209" title="Yeastract">
Yeastract

YEASTRACT (Yeast Search for Transcriptional Regulators And Consensus Tracking) is a curated repository of more than 48000 regulatory associations between transcription factors (TF) and target genes in "Saccharomyces cerevisiae", based on more than 1200 bibliographic references. It also includes the description of about 300 specific DNA binding sites for more than a hundred characterized TFs. Further information about each Yeast gene has been extracted from the Saccharomyces Genome Database (SGD). For each gene the associated Gene Ontology (GO) terms and their hierarchy in GO was obtained from the GO consortium. Currently, YEASTRACT maintains more than 7100 terms from GO. The nucleotide sequences of the promoter and coding regions for Yeast genes were obtained from Regulatory Sequence Analysis Tools (RSAT). All the information in YEASTRACT is updated regularly to match the latest data from SGD, GO consortium, RSA Tools and recent literature on yeast regulatory networks.
YEASTRACT includes DISCOVERER, a set of tools that can be used to identify complex motifs found to be over-represented in the promoter regions of co-regulated genes. DISCOVERER is based on the MUSA algorithm. These algorithms take as input a list of genes and identify over-represented motifs, which can then be compared with transcription factor binding sites described in the YEASTRACT database.
Facilities are also provided to enable the exploitation of the gathered data when solving a number of biological questions, as exemplified in the Tutorial. YEASTRACT allows the identification of documented or potential transcription regulators of a given gene and of documented or potential regulons for each transcription factor. It also renders possible the comparison between DNA motifs and the transcription factor binding sites described in the literature. The system also provides a useful mechanism for grouping a list of genes (for instance a set of genes with similar expression profiles as revealed by microarray analysis) based on their regulatory associations with known transcription factors.
YEASTRACT provides a set of queries to search and retrieve important biological information from the gathered data and to predict transcription regulation networks in yeast from data emerging from gene-by-gene analysis or global approaches.

</doc>
<doc id="31192229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192229" title="Vallecitos">
Vallecitos

Vallecitos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31192231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192231" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1973)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1973)

Vera Hopkins.
Vera Hopkins was the mother of existing character Tricia Hopkins (Kathy Jones). Vera had married into the Welsh Hopkins family. The Hopkinses were close, with Vera and her husband Idris keeping a close eye on Tricia and Idris's mother Megan keeping an even closer eye on them.
In 1973, Vera caught Tricia drinking underage in The Rovers Return, and rowed with landlady Annie Walker for allowing it. Annie gave Vera a dressing down for not knowing what her daughter got up to, and barred the Hopkinses from the pub.
The Hopkinses returned to Coronation Street in 1974 with an interest in buying the Corner Shop. Vera didn't stay long though as only a few weeks later she left to take care of her sick mother, only returning when she died a few months later. Granny Hopkins was interested in buying the shop using Vera's inheritance, but the pair did not get along and when the pair were moving furniture in the corner shop accommodation and found owner Gordon Clegg's (Bill Kenwright) birth certificate, Vera assured Betty Turpin (Betty Driver) that they wouldn't tell anyone that it revealed that she was Gordon's true mother, not Maggie Cooke (Irene Sutcliffe). Vera knew that Granny couldn't be trusted, and tried to rein her in as she used the information to try to secure a lower price on the shop from seller Gordon. Vera and Idris excluded her from the acquisition of the shop, keen to make peace with the Cleggs, but Granny sent Gordon a letter telling him the truth anyway, causing him to change his mind about the sale. The Hopkinses promptly left the Street, with Vera and Idris too ashamed to return, and Granny too defiant.
Tricia Hopkins.
Patricia "Tricia" Hopkins is the daughter of Idris and Vera Hopkins (Kathy Staff) and the granddaughter of Cledwin and Megan Hopkins. She first appeared in September 1973 when she was being chatted up by Ray Langton (Neville Buswell) and was eventually caught by Vera drinking in The Rovers Return.
Tricia appeared in Coronation Street again in 1974, when her grandmother Megan Hopkins viewed the Corner Shop with an interest in buying it. Tricia got a job in the Mark Brittain Warehouse across the Street and lived in the Corner Shop flat, while her Granny ran the shop with Vera and Idris, and lived in the shop accommodation below the flat. Tricia's first few months in the Street were spent trying to get Ray to notice her. Her friend Gail Potter (Helen Worth) was keen to match-make the pair, and took a polaroid just as Ray kissed Tricia. The picture was found by Granny Hopkins, who locked Tricia in her room and subjected her to a moral preaching. Idris warned Ray away from Tricia, but Ray told him there wasn't any relationship to speak of, except Tricia's wishful thinking.
Her main priority being to enjoy her youth, Tricia didn't concern herself with her family's problems, and bemoaned the fact that despite having her own flat, she was still under their thumb. When the rest of the family left the Street after a failed attempt to blackmail shop owner Gordon Clegg (Bill Kenwright), Tricia returned to Coronation Street and convinced Gordon to rent the flat to her and Gail, with Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones) taking over the running of the shop.
Tricia fancied herself as a man-eater, but wasn't interested in anything serious. She was sometimes cheeky to the older residents of the Street, who saw her as opinionated, with an especially high opinion of herself.
In 1975, when a cigarette caused the warehouse to burn down, Tricia was trapped in a toilet and rescued by Ken Barlow (William Roache). She and Gail were able to convince the Langtons to let them stay with them until the street residents were allowed to return to their homes. While jobless, the pair joined a modelling course, and became agents for the Weatherfield Heating Bureau before settling into work in the Shop.
Tricia had some high ambitions - she played Cinderella in the street's play in the Community Centre and her performance was praised in the local newspaper, although nothing came of it.
When Elsie Tanner (Pat Phoenix) returned to the Street to manage Sylvia's Separates, Tricia and Gail both asked her for the assistant's job. Elsie took on Tricia, but she and Gail decided to toss a coin to decide, and Gail won, leaving Tricia in the Corner Shop, but only a short time later Renee Bradshaw (Madge Hindle) bought the Shop from Gordon and Tricia lost her job. She was willing to let Tricia stay on in the flat, but Tricia was sick of Renee already and told her she could stick her job and her flat, and returned to her family.
Polly Ogden.
Pauline "Polly" Ogden (née Watson) is the wife of Trevor Ogden (Don Hawkins) and the mother of Damian (Neil Ratcliffe) and Jayne Ogden. Polly met Trevor when he had a cyst operation carried out in a hospital where Polly worked as a nurse. Since leaving Weatherfield aged fifteen in 1964, Trevor had worked his way into the building trade and cut virtually all ties with his northern roots; when he married Polly in 1971, he told her his parents were dead, although he did write a letter to Stan (Bernard Youens) and Hilda (Jean Alexander) that year before marrying, which he thought they'd ignored as he never received the reply they sent. In 1973, Polly gave birth to a son, Damian.
At the end of the year, just before Christmas, Polly answered the door to Stan and Hilda, who had tracked Trevor down to Chesterfield as they wanted to reconnect with him after nine years. The initial exchanges were awkward as the elder Ogdens didn't know that Trevor had married or that they were grandparents, while Polly was interested in why Trevor had written them off but didn't want Stan and Hilda to know he had. When Trevor arrived home, he wasn't happy to see his parents but he was polite with them, although he was visibly embarrassed at the reminder of the working class community he'd abandoned. When alone with Polly, Trevor was more vocal, warning her that if they let Stan and Hilda into their lives they'd never be rid of them. Polly admitted that she didn't like them much either but that she wanted to invite them to stay the night as it was getting late, but Trevor was against this and rushed them out of the house before their dinner guests arrived. There was friction between father and son as Stan was very aware that Trevor was only tolerating them, and Trevor blamed Stan for his failings as a child. This was exacerbated when Polly let slip that she'd been told Hilda and Stan were dead, and they left shortly thereafter.
Polly never visited Stan and Hilda in Weatherfield but Trevor paid occasional visits, usually when he wanted something. In December 1975, while pregnant with their second child, Polly was admitted to hospital for Toxaemia. Trevor asked Hilda to live in his house in Chesterfield and look after Damian for a month as he was working. Hilda was hurt that Trevor had broken his silence to ask her to skivvy for him but went to Chesterfield anyway. In January 1976, Polly gave birth to a daughter, Jayne. When Stan died in 1984, Polly, unlike Trevor, does not got to Stan's funeral.
In October 1986, Hilda was drafted in again when Trevor and Polly went on holiday for two weeks without the kids. Neither Polly nor Trevor have been heard from again.
Damian Ogden.
Damian Ogden was the son of Trevor (Don Hawkins) and Polly Ogden (Mary Tamm) and grandson of Stan (Bernard Youens) and Hilda Ogden (Jean Alexander).
Damian was born in 1973, during which time Stan and Hilda were estranged from their son and didn't know he was married. Polly and Trevor lived in a detached house in Chesterfield, far removed from the working class community Trevor ran away from when he was fifteen. Stan and Hilda re-entered his life at Christmas 1973 when they tracked him down, and they were thrilled to learn that they were grandparents again (their first grandchild, Darren Barlow, was killed in a road accident in 1970), although subsequently Stan and Hilda were only contacted when the younger Ogdens wanted something, such as in December 1975 when Hilda was called on to look after Trevor and Damian while a heavily pregnant Polly was in hospital with Toxaemia. A month later, Damian's younger sister Jayne was born.
In June 1983, Trevor brought Damian to Weatherfield to stay overnight with Stan and Hilda while he went to Chester for a job interview. The Ogdens were pleased to have Damian for the night although Stan suspected Trevor had a hidden agenda as they'd recently claimed an inheritance from Hilda's brother, Archie Crabtree (John Stratton). Hilda hoped Stan was wrong but Trevor did indeed ask for a loan the next day, which Hilda turned down.
In October 1986, Hilda was drafted in again when Trevor and Polly went on holiday for two weeks without the kids.

</doc>
<doc id="31192258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192258" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1971)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1971)

Coronation Street is a British soap opera, initially produced by Granada Television. Created by writer Tony Warren, "Coronation Street" first broadcast on ITV on 9 December 1960. The following is a list of characters introduced in the show's twelfth year, by order of first appearance.
Ivy Tilsley.
Ivy Joan Brennan (née Nelson; previously Tilsley) was played by Lynne Perrie. Ivy worked as a machinist at Mike Baldwin's (Johnny Briggs) factory, and was elevated to supervisor. Her best friend was Vera Duckworth (Liz Dawn). In the 1975 episode where the factory was burnt down, Ivy mentions that she is childless and her husband's name is "Jack". By the time she became a street resident and a more regular character, her husband was named "Bert" and they had an adult son, Brian (Christopher Quinten).
There was always tension between Ivy, a devout Roman Catholic, and her daughter-in-law, Gail (Helen Worth), especially after the sudden death of her husband, Bert, who was a calming influence. She did not approve of Gail returning to work and placing her children with a child-minder. When Brian was murdered, the tension continued and Ivy was scandalised when Gail married Martin Platt (Sean Wilson), who was 11 years her junior. She was also bitter that Gail has changed Nick and Sarah-Louise's surname from Tilsley to Platt. Ivy was given the name "Poison Ivy", due to her love of stirring up trouble for Gail. After a short-lived romance with a warehouseman from the factory (whom she dumped when she learned he was divorced), Ivy met Don Brennan (Geoffrey Hinsliff) one night when he drove her home in his taxi. Don was a widower, and the couple were happy for a while, until Ivy's bitterness came between them and Don was tempted to stray.
Ivy was written out of the Street because the actress who played her, Lynne Perrie, had been sacked by studio bosses. It was said that she was on a long-term retreat in a convent, where she had a heart attack and died in her sleep. In order to inherit under the terms of her will, Nick had to change his surname back to Tilsley. Ivy was most concerned with Nick's welfare after Brian's death, and focused most of her attention on him, Sarah-Louise (Tina O'Brien) escaped this attention because she believed that Sarah's real father was Ian Latimer, (despite the DNA test that stated otherwise), and therefore not Brian's daughter.
In December 2006, Ivy's old diary was discovered in the loft of Number 5 by Sophie Webster (Brooke Vincent), who visited her friend Chesney Battersby-Brown (Sam Aston), then residing in the house with his mother Cilla (Wendi Peters), stepfather Les (Bruce Jones) and his sister Fiz's (Jennie McAlpine) boyfriend, Kirk Sutherland (Andrew Whyment). Sophie used the diary to fool several residents into thinking she was psychic by referencing past events written in the diary. David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd), demanded the diary be given to him and read it. He and Maria Sutherland (Samia Ghadie) were amused by it until Maria read a particular passage, containing information about Ivy's bitterness toward Gail and David's father, Martin, and the fact that Gail had intended to have an abortion. David then wrapped the diary as a Christmas present, addressed to Gail. David subsequently read this to his whole family and their dinner guests, the Websters.
Edna Gee.
Edna Gee was played by Mavis Rogerson. Edna first appeared in 1971 working at the Mark Brittain mail order warehouse. Edna was the first wife of Fred Gee. Edna was well known in Weatherfield as being a bit of a flirt. In 1973 she attended Hilda Ogden's (Jean Alexander) birthday party and flirted with Ray Langton (Neville Buswell), but ended up in the Ogdens' bedroom with Billy Walker (Ken Farrington). Hilda thought Edna was in the room with Stan. Edna also enjoyed a gossip and along with workmate Ivy Tilsley (Lynne Perrie) started spreading rumours that Elsie Tanner's (Pat Phoenix) husband Alan Howard (Alan Browning) was having an affair. Her other workmates included Elsie, Ken Barlow (William Roache), Emily Nugent (Eileen Derbyshire), Vera Duckworth (Liz Dawn), Gail Potter (Helen Worth) and Tricia Hopkins (Kathy Jones). She attended Emily's wedding to Ernest Bishop (Stephen Hancock) in 1972. In October 1975, Edna celebrated her 40th birthday with Fred in The Rovers Return. The next day Edna was found dead in the warehouse fire, Len Fairclough (Peter Adamson) broke the news to all her friends and workmates.

</doc>
<doc id="31192259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192259" title="Sarabi (disambiguation)">
Sarabi (disambiguation)

Sarabi can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="31192261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192261" title="Solitary animal">
Solitary animal

Solitary animals are those that spend a majority of their lives without others of their species, with possible exceptions for mating and raising their young. The antonym to a solitary animal is a social animal.
Territorial.
Animals that are solitary are often territorial and do not like the company of another animal in their territory and especially an animal of their own kind. This could be due to competition between rivals for the opportunity to mate or over territory, or it could be a more suitable way to live in the environment. When two of the same species meet they often show aggressive displays to try to chase off the other, but if neither of the two backs down a brawl can escalate. In some species these fights can end in the death of one or both animals.
Exceptions.
The few times a solitary animal is with another of its kind is when it is caring for its offspring or when it is ready to mate. Nevertheless, when an offspring becomes independent the youngster will either leave on its own or be rejected by its parent. This trait could be because the parent no longer tolerates the presence of another of its kind or it is ready to mate again and cannot care for both its first offspring and a newborn. During a time of mating, a solitary animal tries to find a mate, and once the act is completed, the animal may repeat the mating process several times and then resume its solitary lifestyle.
Reasons.
Solitary animals live alone to avoid competition against its own species.

</doc>
<doc id="31192265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192265" title="Detmold Open-air Museum">
Detmold Open-air Museum

The Detmold Open-air Museum (; English: "LWL Open-air Museum Detmold – Westphalian State Museum for Folkloristics") is a museum at Detmold in the Ostwestfalen-Lippe region of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It was founded, together with the Hagen Open-air Museum, in 1960, and was first opened to the public in the early 1970s. The museum is run by the Landschaftsverband Westfalen-Lippe (LWL, regional authority for Westphalia and Lippe within North Rhine-Westphalia).
Exhibitions.
Over 100 historic, rural buildings were transported and reconstructed from across the state, including schools, farmhouses, thatched cottages, and windmills. Over of bucolic fields and ponds are available for horse-drawn carriage rides, walking tours, and picnicking. The museum also hosts special exhibitions and interactive craft demonstrations, such as blacksmithing and pottery-making. It is open seasonally, between April 1 and October 31.

</doc>
<doc id="31192269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192269" title="Renata Pliś">
Renata Pliś

Renata Pliś (born February 5, 1985) is a Polish runner who specializes in the middle distance events.

</doc>
<doc id="31192279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192279" title="John P. Miller">
John P. Miller

John P. Miller was a United States Navy officer who very briefly served as acting Naval Governor of Guam, serving as the 28th governor from December 8, 1922 to December 14, 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="31192297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192297" title="Magic City (TV series)">
Magic City (TV series)

Magic City is an American drama television series created by Mitch Glazer for the Starz network. Starz previewed the premiere episode on March 30, 2012. It premiered on April 6, 2012. Starz renewed the series for an eight-episode second season on March 20, 2012. The series was canceled on August 5, 2013 after two seasons.
Set in 1959 Miami, Florida shortly after the Cuban Revolution, "Magic City" tells the story of Ike Evans (Jeffrey Dean Morgan), the owner of Miami's most glamorous hotel, the Miramar Playa. Evans is forced to make an ill-fated deal with Miami mob boss Ben Diamond (Danny Huston) to ensure the success of his glitzy establishment.
Production.
Conception.
"Magic City" was created by Mitch Glazer, a native of Miami. Glazer wrote the series around his experiences growing up in Miami. He once worked as a cabana boy in a Miami Beach hotel and his father was an electrical engineer at the city's grand hotels in the late 1950s. He grew up listening to stories of the exploits of staff and clientele. Many of the incidents that Glazer relates in the series "are based on stories that happened, that I saw, or older brothers and sisters or my parents told me." As a journalist, he did extensive research on what was happening in the lobbies of hotels in late 1950s and early 1960s. "There’s wiretaps—tapes they’ve made public now—where the CIA gives Sam Giancana and Johnny Roselli $300,000 and poison powder to kill Castro in the Boom Boom Room in the Fontainebleau Hotel," he said. Included in the series, Glazer states, will be CIA activities in Cuba and Civil Rights issues. He first envisioned "Magic City" as a feature film, but said he quickly realized he had more stories to tell than would fit in a film. 
Glazer had written different versions of "Magic City" for years. He originally wrote and sold it to CBS, who eventually let it go to the Starz network. "CBS was really nice to me and generous in letting it go to Starz. It’s not a procedural, it’s not a franchise. It needs to be allowed to do the sexuality and violence and the things that were part of Miami Beach in the 1959," he said. In 2007, president and C.E.O. of the Starz network, Chris Albrecht was fired from HBO and joined Glazer and some of his friends for a research expedition to Havana. "It was an insane group," Glazer remembered. "Jimmy Caan and Robert Duvall and Benicio Del Toro." They were visiting a Havana hotel designed by the architect Morris Lapidus when Glazer remarked to Albrecht, "You know, I grew up in this kind of hotel. My father worked with Morris Lapidus on the Fontainebleu and Eden Roc as an electrical engineer." In 2009, after Albrecht became president and C.E.O. of Starz, Glazer recalled, "I sent him a script I had written years before, and he called me literally hours later and said, 'This is amazing, let's do this.'"
Reception.
Critical reception.
The first season received mixed reviews from critics. Review aggregator Metacritic calculated a score of 56/100 based on 27 reviews. Glenn Garvin of the "Miami Herald" said of the series "The sordid ugliness that festers inside Magic City's voluptuously beautiful wrappings makes irresistible television." The "Contra Costa Times"' Chuck Barney praised the cast and visual style. He said in his review "Through the early episodes, nothing really happens that you couldn't see coming. Still, the setting is so seductive, the period details so vivid and the acting so stellar, that it's as intoxicating as a potent mojito."
Home media.
The entire "Magic City" series will be released by Starz and Anchor Bay in Blu-ray Disc and DVD formats on May 13, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31192301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192301" title="Nuclear energy in Nigeria">
Nuclear energy in Nigeria

Since 2004 Nigeria has a Chinese-origin research reactor at Ahmadu Bello University, and has sought the support of the International Atomic Energy Agency to develop plans for up to 4,000 MWe of nuclear capacity by 2027 according to the National Program for the Deployment of Nuclear Power for Generation of Electricity. Nigeria hoped to begin construction in 2011 and start nuclear power production in 2017-2020. On 27 July 2007 Nigeria's President Umaru Yar'Adua has urged the country to embrace nuclear power in order to meet its growing energy needs.

</doc>
<doc id="31192326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192326" title="Union Sunday School (Clermont, Iowa)">
Union Sunday School (Clermont, Iowa)

Union Sunday School is an historic building located in Clermont, Iowa, United States. It was built in 1858 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. Initially the building housed Clermont Presbyterian Church, which was organized in 1857. It became a non-denominational church, which maintained the town’s first library in 1880. That congregation has since disbanded. The building continues to house the pneumatic Kimball organ, which was given to the church as a gift from Anna Larrabee, the daughter of Iowa Governor William Larrabee . She served as the church organist for many years. The instrument is still played in concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="31192328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192328" title="Center for Effective Global Action">
Center for Effective Global Action

The Center for Effective Global Action (CEGA), earlier known as the Center of Evaluation for Global Action, is a research network at the University of California that advances global health and development through impact evaluation and economic analysis. The Center's researchers use randomized controlled trials and other rigorous forms of evaluation to promote sustainable social and economic development around the world.
History and Mission.
CEGA was established in 2008 by Economics Professor Edward Miguel and colleagues at UC Berkeley. The Center’s founders, including Haas School of Business Professor Paul Gertler, are considered pioneers in the field of impact evaluation. They have led some of the most influential field experiments in recent years, including evaluations of school-based deworming in Kenya and of the Oportunidades program in Mexico.
The Center is guided by the principle that economic policy and social programs should be based on scientific evidence. In support of this vision, CEGA researchers rigorously test anti-poverty strategies and disseminate their findings to governments and other decision-makers. The Center also invests in developing junior researchers in the U.S. and in low- and middle-income countries. 
CEGA is currently led by Faculty Director Edward Miguel and Executive Director Temina Madon.
Activities.
CEGA focuses its resources in three core areas: research, training and policy impact. 
The Center's research program draws on the empirical work of more than 25 faculty members at the University of California. These researchers are united in their use of rigorous statistical tools to measure the impacts of social programs in low and middle income countries. The CEGA toolbox includes randomized evaluation (long-trusted in the medical field) as well as regression discontinuity, panel analysis, instrumental variables, and other rigorous quasi-experimental methods. When used appropriately, each of these methods can create equivalent treatment and comparison groups for use in estimating an intervention's impact. 
CEGA is unique among development research centers, in that it integrates business and economic approaches with expertise from various sectors—including agriculture, public health, education, political science, and environment.
Policy Impact.
To transform research into better policies and programs, CEGA encourages the scale-up of proven interventions. For example, CEGA researcher Edward Miguel, in collaboration with Michael Kremer, demonstrated in 2004 that school-based mass deworming in rural Kenya is a cost-effective way to improve school attendance. Subsequent advocacy by Kremer and Miguel led to the establishment of Deworm the World, a non-profit that works directly with governments to expand school-based deworming. The efforts of Deworm the World, together with Miguel's and Kremer’s research, have been instrumental in the creation of Kenya's national deworming program. In 2009, the program reached more than 3.6 million children at 8,200 schools across the country, making it one of the first evidence-based, national deworming programs in sub-Saharan Africa. 
Miguel's research on deworming has been covered by the New York Times, as well as the Boston Globe, Chicago Tribune and Financial Times. In May 2011, Miguel's and Kremer’s work was featured in a column by Nicholas Kristof on the importance of impact evaluation.
Partners.
CEGA partners with governments, foundations and non-profit organizations to implement impact evaluations, trainings and research dissemination. In each of these areas, the Center works closely with the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (J-PAL) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Innovations for Poverty Action (IPA). CEGA and J-PAL jointly manage the Agricultural Technology Adoption Initiative, an initiative that seeks to improve the appropriate adoption of agricultural technologies by small-scale farmers in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="31192337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192337" title="Wrocław's dwarfs">
Wrocław's dwarfs

Wrocław’s dwarfs (polish: krasnale, krasnoludki) - are small figurines that first appeared in the streets of Wrocław in 2001. Since then, their numbers have been continually growing, and today they are considered a tourist attraction: those who would like to combine sight-seeing in Wrocław with dwarf-tracking are offered special brochures with map and mobile application software on the smartphone. Currently (2013) there are over 250 dwarfs spread all over the city. Six of them are located outside the city at the LG plant in Biskupice Podgórne.
History.
In 2001, to commemorate the Orange Alternative movement, a figurine of a dwarf (the movement’s symbol) was officially placed on Świdnicka Street, where the group’s happenings used to take place. It is probably one of the few cases in the world where such a subversive group has been honoured by the city authorities, who commissioned the placing of a statue of a dwarf in the city centre. In 2003, the Mayor of Wrocław, in an attempt to continue the new tradition, unveiled a small plaque on the door of The Dwarfs’ Museum. It can be found at the height of human knees on the wall of a historic tenement called: Jaś, which is situated between the Market Square and St. Elizabeth’s Church.
The figures of the dwarfs, which are smaller than the Orange Alternative monument on Świdnicka Street, were placed in different parts of the city. The first five: designed by Tomasz Moczek, a graduate of The Academy of Art and Design in Wrocław, were placed in August 2005. These were the Fencer near the University of Wrocław, the Butcher in Stare Jatki arcade, two Sisyphuses on Świdnicka Street and the Odra-Washer-Dwarf, near Piaskowy Bridge. The name of the last dwarf is related to Pracze Odrzańskie: an estate on the outskirts of the city. Since that time, the number of figures has continued growing, predominantly in the Old Town.
A ceremony unveiling two other dwarfs took place on the day of June 18, 2008. They were situated on Świdnicka Street, next to W-skers: a dwarf in a wheel chair. The figures represent two disabled dwarfs: the Deaf-mute and the Blind. They are part of the Wrocław Without Barriers campaign, which aims at drawing attention to handicapped people living in Wroclaw. Five days later, at the Hematology and Pediatric Oncology Clinic in Wrocław, another dwarf was erected. It was to be the third female dwarf: Marzenka, whose design was based on the logo of the Mam marzenie charity.

</doc>
<doc id="31192365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192365" title="El Pueblo Ribera">
El Pueblo Ribera

El Pueblo Ribera Court is a complex of twelve duplexes at 230–248 Gravilla Street and 230–309 Playa del Sur in La Jolla, San Diego, California. It was designed in 1923 by the Austrian-American Rudolf Schindler. Schindler's most famous works are in and around Los Angeles; El Pueblo Ribera is his only work in San Diego.
The complex was built in Modern architectural style. Each unit originally consisted of a bedroom on the ground level, and a sleeping porch on the upper level. Each unit enjoys a view of La Jolla's Windansea Beach. 
The San Diego Historical Society declared the complex a historic district in 1977 (historic site #117).

</doc>
<doc id="31192370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192370" title="Boss (TV series)">
Boss (TV series)

Boss is an American political drama television serial created by Farhad Safinia. The series stars Kelsey Grammer as Tom Kane, the mayor of Chicago, who has recently been diagnosed with dementia with Lewy bodies, a degenerative neurological disorder.
The series was broadcast in the United States on the premium television service Starz, and is produced by Category 5 Entertainment, Grammnet Productions and Lionsgate Television. On September 27, 2011, before the series premiered, Starz announced that "Boss" had been renewed for a second season of ten episodes. The first season premiered on October 21, 2011, and the second season premiered on August 17, 2012.
On November 20, 2012, it was announced that Starz had cancelled the show. A film was being discussed to finish the show's storylines, however those plans were cancelled after series creator Farhad Safinia declined to move forward with the project.
Overview.
The series follows Tom Kane, the Mayor of Chicago, who has recently been diagnosed with dementia with Lewy bodies, a degenerative neurological disorder. Determined to remain in charge, Kane conceals the disease from everyone around him except his own physician, Dr. Ella Harris. Those around Kane are too busy with their own lives to notice anything unusual. Kane's marriage to his wife Meredith is nothing more than one of convenience. Kane's closest advisors, Kitty O'Neill and Ezra Stone, begin to suspect something is wrong with the Mayor but respect him too much to ask any questions, while State Treasurer Ben Zajac is too busy cultivating his political ambitions to become the next Governor of Illinois to notice anything out of the ordinary.
Development and production.
"Boss" was developed by Farhad Safinia in late 2009, with creative input from Kelsey Grammer and his production company Grammnet Productions. In November 2010, the script was shopped around to various cable networks and following a heated and contentious bidding war, Starz placed an eight episode order for the series, based solely on the strength of the script. This was in keeping with Starz business model of not ordering pilots but rather green lighting projects straight-to-series. Safinia wrote the pilot, Gus Van Sant was attached to the project as director, with Grammer, Safinia, Van Sant, Richard Levine, Lyn Greene, Brian Sher and Stella Bulochnikov-Stopler serving as executive producers.
Casting announcements began in November 2010, with Grammer first to be cast. He portrays Tom Kane, "the Mayor of Chicago who is diagnosed with a degenerative mental condition that only he and his doctor know about." Next to join the series was Connie Nielsen as Meredith Kane, Tom's wife, "Meredith and Kane have a bad marriage and barely speak when they aren't in public." Jeff Hephner was next to be cast as Ben Zajac, "the state's treasurer, an impeccably handsome and ambitious Chicago native who is clearly about to become a major player on the Chicago political scene." Hannah Ware and Kathleen Robertson were the last actors to join the main cast, with Ware playing Emma Kane, Tom Kane's estranged daughter, and Robertson playing Kitty O'Neil, Kane's personal aide.
Starz later announced that Martin Donovan, Francis Guinan, Rotimi, Karen Aldridge, Troy Garity, Ricardo Gutierrez, James Vincent Meredith and Joe Minoso had joined the series as recurring guest stars. Martin Donovan was cast as Ezra Stone, "A savvy Yale graduate, and senior advisor to Kane, Stone knows the Mayor better than anyone. Whether it’s pushing Kane’s agenda, or assisting with personal matters, Ezra always delivers." Francis Guinan was cast as Governor McCall Cullen, "The governor of Illinois, Cullen hates playing along with the Mayor’s apparent unwavering support for his re-election bid. And his ugly temper is getting even worse." Rotimi Akinosho was cast as Darius, "a muscular drug dealer who’s covered in tattoos, but he’s smart, well spoken, and cares for his sick uncle." Karen Aldrige was cast as Dr Ella Harris, Mayor Kane's neurologist and the only other person who knows about his current medical condition. Garity was cast as Sam Miller, "a politically savvy journalist for The Sentinel, with a nose for a real story." Ricardo Gutierrez was cast as Alderman Mata, "Political boss of the 30th ward, Mata is a thug in a suit who believes the ends justify the means, however vicious." James Vincent Meredith was cast as Alderman Ross, "Kane’s biggest rival", and Joe Minoso was cast as Moco Ruiz, "A construction worker, Ruiz is one of Mata’s guys."
Filming of the series took place between April 27, 2011, and July 27, 2011, on location in Chicago, Illinois.
At the 2011 Television Critics Association Summer Press Tour, "Starz" announced that "Boss" would premiere on October 21, 2011. The second season premiered on August 17, 2012. The series is produced by Category 5 Entertainment, Grammnet Productions and Lionsgate Television.
Awards and nominations.
The series received two nominations for the 69th Golden Globe Awards for Best Drama Series and Kelsey Grammer received a nomination for Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama. Kelsey Grammer won his category, while the show lost out to "Homeland".
Ratings.
The show garnered a total of 1.7 million viewers across multiple airings in its opening weekend. By comparison, other "Starz" TV series such as ' delivered 2.8 million viewers in its first weekend, ' produced 2 million viewers, and "Camelot" had 1.6 million viewers for the Friday airings alone. However, just two weeks later, the ratings had fallen to around a quarter of a million. The third episode, "Swallow", aired on November 4, 2011 averaged only 268,000 viewers — down 31% from the week before on October 28 ("Reflex"), which had just 391,000 viewers.
In an attempt to garner more television viewers, "Starz" shifted the season two premiere date from October 21, 2012 to August 17, 2012. This placed the season two premiere in a more advantageous state; between the finales of most summer shows on cable and the traditional launch of the fall television season, where an October launch would have been buried with many other programs. "Starz" also put the season two premiere full episode online for free on August 20, 2012 for a limited time.
The season two premiere had 317,000 viewers, which was less than half of the 659,000 viewers who watched the series premiere. With encores that same night, the ratings rose to 509,000 viewers. Over the weekend, the season premiere pulled in 915,000 viewers, just under the 1.1 million average in the first season.
The show's low ratings are cited as the main reason for its cancellation.

</doc>
<doc id="31192385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192385" title="Nuclear energy in Austria">
Nuclear energy in Austria

In the 1960s the Austrian government started a nuclear energy program and parliament unanimously ordered a nuclear power plant built. In 1972, the German company KWU began construction of the Zwentendorf Nuclear Power Plant boiling water 700 MWe reactor. In 1976, two years prior to the nuclear power plant opening, the government began a program to educate its citizens on the benefits and safety of nuclear power. However, this campaign began a public discussion that led to large demonstrations against the Zwentendorf plant in 1977. On 15 December 1978, the Austrian Parliament voted in favor of a ban (BGBI. No. 676) on using nuclear fission for Austria’s energy supply until March 1998. This law also prohibits the storage and transport of nuclear materials in or through Austria. On 9 July 1997, the Austrian Parliament unanimously passed legislation to remain an anti-nuclear country.

</doc>
<doc id="31192388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192388" title="Isabel Macías">
Isabel Macías

Isabel Macías Chow (born August 11, 1984 in Zaragoza) is a Spanish runner who specializes in the middle distance events.

</doc>
<doc id="31192389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192389" title="Union Sunday School">
Union Sunday School

Union Sunday School, or variants thereof, can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31192395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192395" title="Cleveland Hoadley Dodge">
Cleveland Hoadley Dodge

Cleveland Hoadley Dodge (January 26, 1860 - June 24, 1926), was a capitalist and philanthropist who was active in New York City politics. He was President of Phelps Dodge, and served as "adviser and financier" to Woodrow Wilson. He was known for his charity work in World War I.
Biography.
He was born on January 26, 1860 to William Earl Dodge, Jr. He established a charitable foundation in 1917 when the United States entered World War I with an initial funding of five million dollars. He died on June 24, 1926 in Riverdale, New York of pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="31192416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192416" title="Dilawar Cheema Kalan">
Dilawar Cheema Kalan

Dilawar Cheema Kalan is a village of the Cheema people. It was founded in 1297 by Dilawer Cheema. It has a population of approximately ten thousand people, and an area of five thousand acres. It is 22 km from Wazir Abad. In the era of the British Empire, it was a "zail". The most notable person from the village was Ch. Nazer Muhammad Cheema. He was Zailder, Honorary Magistrate in 1940. Other notable villagers include Mian Muhammad Din and Shouk, both Punjabi poets, and Ch. Ghulam Qadir Cheema, a companion of Quaid-e-Azam. He established a large cotton business in Rahim Yar Khan. He remained president of the Rahim Yar Khan Grain Market for many year. The major crops of the village are rice and wheat.

</doc>
<doc id="31192419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192419" title="Lindsey De Grande">
Lindsey De Grande

Lindsey De Grande (born April 26, 1989) is a Belgian runner, who specializes in the middle distance events.

</doc>
<doc id="31192423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192423" title="Jim Henry (diver)">
Jim Henry (diver)

James Edward ("Jim") Henry (born September 4, 1948 in San Antonio, Texas) is a former American diver. He represented the United States at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, where he received a bronze medal in men's 3 metre springboard.

</doc>
<doc id="31192428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192428" title="The Way of the Roses">
The Way of the Roses

The Way of the Roses is the newest of Great Britain's coast-to-coast, long-distance cycle routes and is based on minor roads, disused railway lines and specially constructed cycle paths. It lies entirely within the counties of Lancashire and Yorkshire, crossing the Yorkshire Dales and the Yorkshire Wolds in the north of England, passing through the historic cities of Lancaster and York and scenic towns and villages including Settle, Pateley Bridge and Ripon.
At long, the route is designed for the whole range of cyclists, from families to cycling club riders. Although a challenge with some hard climbs—the highest point being over the route is steadily increasing in popularity.
The route is named for The Wars of the Roses, a fifteenth-century war between the English dynastic families Lancaster and York.
History.
The route was developed by Sustrans and part of the National Cycle Network (NCN) in partnership with various Local Authorities, Lancaster City Council, Cyclists Touring Club, Bridlington Renaissance Partnership and Welcome to Yorkshire amongst others. The route was opened in 2010 running from Morecambe on the west coast of Lancashire to the east coast at Bridlington.
Art.
A number of public artworks have been commissioned for the route. Matt Baker is currently developing a series of linked artworks at various points along the route. This work has not yet been completed.
Route.
The route is well signposted with signs carrying the name of the route or marked with the red and white heraldic roses form which the name of the route is derived.
The route starts in the resort town of Morecambe, Lancashire loosely following the River Lune and the River Wenning into the Pennines at Settle and entering into the stunning scenery of the Yorkshire Dales National Park. From there it makes its steepest climb (eastwards) across the edge of Rye Loaf Hill before descending to Airton. Thence it heads northeast to Grassington before following the River Wharfe for several miles and then turning towards the high point of the route at Greenhow and descending to Pateley Bridge on the River Nidd. Beyond Pateley Bridge the hills are significantly lower and after Ripon (with a short exception of the Yorkshire Wolds) the route is more or less flat, passing through York before finally reaching Bridlington and the North Sea The route is made up primarily of:
The Way Of The Roses is best ridden from West to East to take advantage of the prevailing winds from the West and the more favourable gradients. Tradition dictates that you start the ride by dipping your back wheel in the Irish Sea and only ends when your front wheel gets a dip in the North Sea at the finish. It is typically completed in 3–5 days.
The route links to other parts of the NCN so can be used as part of a longer cycle tour.
Route maps for The Way Of The Roses and detailed route guides from other publishers are available from Sustrans.

</doc>
<doc id="31192430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192430" title="Nuclear energy in Denmark">
Nuclear energy in Denmark

Denmark does not produce nuclear energy, which is in accordance with a 1985 law passed by the Danish parliament that prohibits the production of nuclear energy in Denmark. Instead, the country has focused on renewable energy sources such as wind energy to reduce the country's dependence on coal power. In 2007, about 11.4 TWh of electricity was exported and 10.4 TWh imported. Import from Sweden amounted 5 TWh, From Norway 3.9 TWh, and from Germany 1.5 TWh. Both Sweden and Germany have a portion of nuclear energy in their power production. Three nuclear research reactors at Risø National Laboratory are in the process of being decommissioned.

</doc>
<doc id="31192440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192440" title="Christian Hersleb Horneman">
Christian Hersleb Horneman

Christian Hersleb Horneman (1781–1860) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. He was born in Trondheim. He represented Kragerø at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway, representing Trondheim in 1824, 1827, 1830, 1836 and 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="31192451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192451" title="Layla and Majnun (disambiguation)">
Layla and Majnun (disambiguation)

Layla and Majnun or Laila Majnu is a classical Arabic story. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31192484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192484" title="Anzhela Shevchenko">
Anzhela Shevchenko

Anzhela Shevchenko (born October 29, 1987 in Sevastopol) is a Ukrainian runner who specializes in the middle distance events.

</doc>
<doc id="31192512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192512" title="Alan L. Hoffman">
Alan L. Hoffman

Alan L. Hoffman serves as Senior Vice President, Global Public Policy and Government Affairs at PepsiCo. Prior to joining PepsiCo, Hoffman served as Deputy Chief of Staff to the Vice President of the United States Joe Biden and Deputy Assistant to the President. While in the Vice President's office, Hoffman worked on a variety of issues including crime, drugs and protecting intellectual property, marking the third time Hoffman had worked for Joe Biden. Previously, Hoffman served as Chief of Staff to Senator Biden from 1998–2003 and from 2006-2008 while Biden was running for President.
Life and education.
Hoffman received his B.A. in American Civilization from Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania and his J.D. and M.P.A. from the USC Gould School of Law.
Hoffman is married to Lizzie Francis and lives in Washington, D.C. with their dogs Brinkley and Franklin.
Career.
Hoffman is credited with helping Biden secure passage of numerous pieces of legislation including the criminal provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley and legislation closing the gap in sentencing between crack and powder cocaine.
In 2008, after Biden withdrew from the presidential race, Hoffman was the Senior Vice President for External Relations for the University of California system.
Earlier in his career, Hoffman was Vice President for External Relations at the RAND Corporation, Vice President at Timmons and Company, Assistant United States Attorney in Philadelphia, Special Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General at the Department of Justice, Special Counsel to the Assistant Secretary at the Department of Health and Human Services and an attorney at the law firms Pepper, Hamilton and Scheetz.

</doc>
<doc id="31192513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192513" title="Uform">
Uform

Uform may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31192516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192516" title="Nuclear energy in Greece">
Nuclear energy in Greece

Although Greece has established the Greek Atomic Energy Commission (), a decision has been made not to implement a nuclear power program to generate electricity.
There is one operational nuclear research reactor in the Demokritos Research Institute and one sub-critical assembly. The country believes that due to its small size and frequent earthquakes in the region, nuclear power would not provide many benefits. Greece did receive electricity produced by nuclear power from Bulgaria in the past. However, with the shutdown of two Bulgarian reactors in 2006, these imports are almost non-existent.

</doc>
<doc id="31192520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192520" title="Washington State Magazine">
Washington State Magazine

Washington State Magazine is the alumni and research magazine of Washington State University. Published quarterly, the magazine covers news and issues of interest to Washington State University faculty, staff, students, alumni, and the people of Washington.
The magazine was first published in 2001. Before "Washington State Magazine", WSU alumni news was published in "HillTopics" from 1969 to 2000, and "The PowWow", the alumni magazine from 1910 to 1969. Research news at the university appeared in "Universe" magazine in the 1990s.
Online.
In addition to the print magazine, "Washington State Magazine" online has class notes (My Story) for WSU alumni, a wiki-format informal history of Washington State University (Our Story), a blog (Discovery) on research and campus life at WSU, and dispatches featuring interactive maps (Coordinates).
Awards.
"Washington State Magazine" has won awards in writing, design, and photography from the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE), an international organization that promotes excellence in educational advancement through alumni relations, communications, marketing, and fund-raising. 
It has won CASE international awards for best periodical writing (2007), periodical special issue (2008—“The Beauty of Evolution”), best articles of the year (2008—“Ray Troll: A Story of Fish, Fossils, and Funky Art”), and editorial design (2010—“You Must Remember This”). 
In 2011, the magazine won CASE regional awards in the categories of general interest print magazine (Spring ’10; Fall ’10), feature articles (“Desperately Seeking Sherman” and “Cultivating New Energy”); creative use of technology (Coordinates); and Grand Gold for periodicals.

</doc>
<doc id="31192541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192541" title="Win Young">
Win Young

Edwin Frank ("Win") Young (born September 29, 1947June 22, 2006) is a former American diver. He represented the United States at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, where he received a bronze medal in men's 10 metre platform.

</doc>
<doc id="31192562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192562" title="From Fear to Eternity (album)">
From Fear to Eternity (album)

From Fear to Eternity: The Best of 1990 – 2010 is a compilation album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden, containing a selection of songs originally released on their last eight studio efforts to date. The title is lifted from the 1992 single, "From Here to Eternity", although it is not featured in this release.
Background.
The album was announced on 15 March 2011, to be released by EMI on 23 May, although this was later changed to 6 June. Unlike their previous compilation ("Somewhere Back in Time"), the release covered two CDs to encompass longer tracks, such as "Paschendale", although the price remained that of a single disc record.
As with "Somewhere Back in Time", each track is sung by Bruce Dickinson rather than Blaze Bayley (who sang on "The X Factor" and "Virtual XI"), the band again opting to use later live versions of songs which originally featured other lead vocalists.
Artwork.
The album cover was designed by Melvyn Grant, and serves to reference each relevant studio release. Three representations of Eddie appear, one dressed in Grim Reaper attire (as in "Dance of Death"), one atop the tank from "A Matter of Life and Death" – which is imprinted with the "Cross-Keys" symbol from "The Final Frontier" – and a large burning wicker man (the first single from "Brave New World"). The artwork also contains the tree from "Fear of the Dark", the tombstone from "No Prayer for the Dying", a large "X" on the tree trunk (representing "The X Factor") and the twisted figures and burnt building structure from the "Virtual XI" cover.
Reception.
Classic Rock described the album as representing "Gold from every era", claiming that, although "weighted towards the... last five studio albums", the "earlier singles... fight their corner remarkably well." The review also argues that some of the release's later songs "match anything from Maiden's 80s heyday."
In their July 2011 issue, Metal Hammer praised the compilation for doing "an excellent job of gathering the heartiest wheat over the last two decades", although deeming Blaze Bayley's absence from the album a "glitch" albeit "for the best."
Personnel.
Production and performance credits are adapted from the album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="31192569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192569" title="Norðausturkjördæmi">
Norðausturkjördæmi

The Norðausturkjördæmi (i.e. "Northeast") is one of the six constituencies ("kjördæmi") of Iceland. Its major town is Akureyri.
Geography.
It borders with the constituencies of Northwest and South. Its territory includes the glacier of Þrándarjökull and Tungnafellsjökull and, at its south-western borders, the northern part of the biggest one of Iceland: the Vatnajökull.
Administration.
Composition.
The constituency includes 22 municipalities, 5 counties and 2 regions.
Towns.
The settlements with town status, listed per order of population, are 12:

</doc>
<doc id="31192589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192589" title="Maghreb Virtual Science Library">
Maghreb Virtual Science Library

The Maghreb Virtual Science Library (MVSL) "(la Bibliothèque numérique des sciences du Maghreb المكتبة العلمية الافتراضية المغاربية )" provides full-text access to thousands of science and engineering journals and databases to researchers in the Maghreb via digital library portals. It is a project funded by the U.S. Department of State Bureau of Oceans & International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, and is implemented by CRDF Global along with IMIST (Institut Marocain de l'Information Scientifique et Technique), LibHub, Research4Life, and JSTOR. 
The Maghreb Virtual Science Library program is an initiative of CRDF Global that supports scientific capacity, technology innovation, and regional and international scientific cooperation through the development of an innovative research platform that provides access to comprehensive collections of research information. By providing effective and accessible tools for researchers in the Maghreb to find and download articles from international journals where new discoveries and innovations are published, as well as making research from the region available through a global,open-access delivery model, the program supports the increased engagement of researchers from the Maghreb region in international scientific discourse.
About.
The Maghreb Virtual Science Library (MVSL) Program provides full-text access to thousands of science and engineering journals and databases to researchers in the Maghreb, improves the international dissemination of research from the region, and supports new online tools for discovering and working with collaborators in the Maghreb. The most visible parts of the MVSL Program are the MVSL website and the national portals where each country’s full text journal articles can be comprehensively searched and accessed. Behind the scenes, the MVSL program includes consultations and workshops involving all of the implementing partners to assure that the users are supported to get the most from the system and to assure that the web-based systems are operating smoothly.
Mission and Objectives.
The MVSL project aims to establish a sustainable resource for international collaboration and knowledge access and dissemination for the academic community in the Maghreb through cutting-edge access to technologies and exper support for users, administrators, and decision makers.
Access
In partnership with the responsible organizations in each country, CRDF Global aims to transform scholarly communication across the region.
The MVSL Program leverages cutting edge technologies to provide an efficient and intuitive research platform through which scientists are able to search a single, up-to-date database of all of the resources available to them, encouraging exploration and scientific discovery.
The program also seeks to enhance the range of resources available through country portals by forging partnerships with international programs and providing negotiation support to regional partners to secure sustainable access to licensed scientific resources.
Dissemination
The MVSL Program aims to promote the global dissemination of scientific output from the region by providing support and offering technologies to ensure that dissertations, nationally published journals, reports, and monographs can be found and read by colleagues across the globe.
Through the adoption of open-access protocols, the MVSL Program aims to expand the global visibility and impact of new knowledge originating from the Maghreb.
Collaboration
The MVSL Program will combine tools for access and dissemination with tools for colleague discovery and collaboration across institutions and national borders. If the researcher permits it, the MVSL site will suggest potential new collaborators based on research interests and search requests.
The MVSL Program will support new and existing collaborations through a web-based toolset that is integrated into each MVSL country site.
Countries.
Although the MVSL Program is initially working with Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia, the Program will expand to include Mauritania, and, as circumstances and funding permit, Libya.
Open Access.
The MVSL Open portal is a free gateway for everyone in the Maghreb to access to a wide range of research publications and databases usually available only within universities. The topics covered range from law, history, and music to business planning, finance, patent searching, and the latest scientific discoveries. MVSL Open uses leading-edge searching and indexing software to provide easy access to the full text of current research from all over the world. 
There is no cost to use the MVSL Open site, and there are no membership or affiliation restrictions

</doc>
<doc id="31192595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192595" title="Electricity sector in the Netherlands">
Electricity sector in the Netherlands

The electricity sector in the Netherlands describes electricity in the Netherlands. During 2005-2008 the Netherlands imported 13-15% of electricity. The volume of renewable electricity in 2009 was three times the volume of nuclear power. The majority is produced with fossil fuels. The Netherlands produces and exports natural gas.
Electricity per person and by power source.
In 2008 the Netherlands consumed electricity in average 7,463 kWh/person that was equal to EU15 average (EU15: 7,409 kWh/person).
Coal-based power generation.
Operational coal-fired power plants in the Netherlands, 2010.
Use.
According to IEA the electricity use (gross production + imports – exports – transmission/distribution losses) in 2008 in the Netherlands was 119 TWh.
In 2009 the Netherlands used 3,9% wind power of electricity (278/ 7,073) The wind capacity installed at end 2010 will, in a normal wind year, produce 4.1% of electricity, when the equivalent value for Germany is 9.4% and Portugal 14%.
Global warming.
Emissions of carbon dioxide in total, per capita in 2007 were 11.1 tons CO2 compared to EU 27 average 7.9 tons CO2. Emission change between 2007/1990 was 16.4% increase. Emissions per capita in the OECD countries exceeded the Netherlands only in Czech Republic11.8, Finland 12.2, Canada 17.4, Australia 18.8, USA 19.1 and Luxemburg 22.4.

</doc>
<doc id="31192615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192615" title="Without You (Keith Urban song)">
Without You (Keith Urban song)

"Without You" is a song written by Joe West and Dave Pahanish, and recorded by Australian country music artist Keith Urban. It was released in February 2011 as the second single from the album "Get Closer". The song has since reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts.
The song is not to be confused with a song of the same title, while Urban recorded on his Australian self titled 1991 album.
Background.
Urban described the song as his "life story" and considered it "an amazing song that would have never allowed [himself to write."
Content.
The song is a ballad accompanied mainly by acoustic guitar and fiddle, in which Urban sings that his life would not have meaning without his lover. It is in A-flat major, with a main chord pattern of A-A/G-Dsus2/F-D and a vocal range from E4 to F5.
Critical reception.
Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song five stars out of five, citing it a song that "suits Keith Urban and his life with wife Nicole Kidman." Blake Boldt of the 9513 gave the song a "thumbs down," stating that Urban is "at his best when exploring heart's aches and pains," and saying that it "lacks the excitement of past hits."
Chart performance.
"Without You" debuted at number 47 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts for the week of 19 February 2011. It also debuted at number 95 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the week of 26 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31192638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192638" title="Abraham Lincoln Statue and Park">
Abraham Lincoln Statue and Park

Abraham Lincoln Statue and Park is an historic property located in Clermont, Iowa, United States. The statue was erected in 1902, and the property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. It is also referred to as the Bissell Statue after the artist who created it, George Edwin Bissell. The statue is a duplicate of a statue of Lincoln that was erected in Edinburgh, Scotland. The following inscription is on the statue's granite base: “Erected in 1902 in memory of soldiers and sailors of the Civil War, 1861-1865.”

</doc>
<doc id="31192684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192684" title="Ann Peterson">
Ann Peterson

Ann Stewart Peterson (born June 16, 1947 in Kansas City, Missouri) is a former American diver. She represented the United States at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, where she received a bronze medal in women's 10 metre platform.

</doc>
<doc id="31192692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192692" title="Gare de Pouilly-sur-Loire">
Gare de Pouilly-sur-Loire

Pouilly-sur-Loire is a railway station in Pouilly-sur-Loire, Bourgogne, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Pouilly-sur-Loire:

</doc>
<doc id="31192696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192696" title="Lamaureriella">
Lamaureriella

"Lamaureriella" is a genus of laterally-flattened curled helcionellid known from Lower Ordovician deposits. The majority of the hundreds of known specimens come from a single concretion. The specimens are on the scale of millimetres; they bear unusual flanges ("plications") on their sides.

</doc>
<doc id="31192700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192700" title="Héctor Martínez Maldonado">
Héctor Martínez Maldonado

Héctor Javier Martínez Maldonado (born September 1, 1968) is a former Puerto Rican politician, attorney and former senator of Puerto Rico. He served as senator of the District of Carolina from 2004 until 2011. Martínez was convicted of bribery by a federal jury on March 8, 2011 and is currently serving a four-year federal prison sentence after he resigned his seat on March 12, 2011.
Early years and studies.
Martínez was born on September 1, 1968. He is the youngest of five children from former Senator and Representative Héctor Martínez Colón and his wife, Persi Maldonado. Martínez received his undergrad degree in Criminal Justice from the Universidad del Sagrado Corazón in Puerto Rico. He later received his juris doctor degree from the Interamerican University School of Law.
During his time in college, Martínez represented Puerto Rico in several international competitions of swimming and water polo.
Political career.
Martínez started his professional career working for a Judicial Commission of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives. He then worked as Special Aide to the Commission of Natural Resources, Environmental and Energy Affairs of the Senate of Puerto Rico. In 1996, he became an Associate Member of the Parole Board, becoming its Vicepresident in 2000. Martínez also worked as Freddy Valentín's aide in the Senate during the 90s. During that time, he admits having received checks and money from contractors on behalf of Valentín.
Martínez was elected as senator for the Senatorial District of Carolina in the 2004 general elections. As a result, he was named chair of the Senate's Public Safety Commission.
Martínez was reelected in 2008 after winning the primaries of his party.
Legal troubles.
In 2006, Martínez gained notoriety when he was linked to purported Puerto Rican drug dealer José López Rosario, also known as Coquito. López was shot in July 2006 by a rival dealer, and was in coma for six days. During that time, Senators Martínez and Lornna Soto, and Representative Epifanio Jiménez either visited López, or called to check in his status. It was later revealed that López was part of Martínez entourage, and had visited prisons with him as part of the Public Safety Commission. 
In June 22, 2010, a Federal Grand Jury indicted Héctor Martínez and businessman Juan Bravo on six charges of conspiracy, bribery, and obstruction of justice, among others. Martínez alleged he was innocent and received the support of several leaders of his party, namely President of the Senate Thomas Rivera Schatz, Mayor of Canovanas Jose Chemo Soto, fellow Carolina senator Lornna Soto, and representative Eric Correa. Fellow Senators Carmelo Ríos Santiago, Norma Burgos, and Evelyn Vázquez were also present.
The trial against Martínez began in February 2011 and, after two weeks of deliberation, a jury found Martínez and Bravo guilty. Governor Luis Fortuño asked for Martínez resignation that night. Martínez complied on March 12, 2011, albeit maintaining his innocence. Martínez was sentenced to 4 years in prison on March 1, 2012. The sentence also included three additional years probation, attending a drug addiction rehabilitation program, and returning $17,500.
Personal life.
Martínez had a brief relationship with fellow senator Sila María González Calderón.

</doc>
<doc id="31192708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192708" title="1974 Nahariya attack">
1974 Nahariya attack

The 1974 Nahariya attack was a raid by three Palestinian militants, belonging to the Fatah militant organization, which took place during the night between 24 and 25 June 1974. The Palestinian militant squad infiltrated the coastal city of Nahariya in Israel by sea from Lebanon. Three civilians and one Israeli soldier were killed during the event. The attack was the first time in which militants infiltrated into Israel from Lebanon by sea.
Details of the attack.
Shortly after 23:00 on 24 June 1974, three Palestinian militants, belonging to the Fatah militant organization, reached the coast of the Israeli city of Nahariya, using an engine run Zodiac inflatable boat. It is believed that their intent was to reach a movie theater, and perform a mass attack at the end of a film screening. The militant squad headed eastward straight into Nahariya. After crossing the Balfour Street, they tried to cross a hedge. The noise they made caught the attention of a teenager who lived on the first floor of a nearby apartment building. He looked out of the window and spotted them in the light of streetlights, and shouted out: "terrorists!". As a result, two patrolling officers of the Nahariya Civil Guard rushed to the area. When the militants spotted them they threw a hand grenade and fired at them. The officers returned fire while taking cover. The time was 23:10. 
The sound of gunfire alerted Israeli security forces in Nahariya. In addition, Major Yitzhak Israel, who lived nearby, called the police, then barricaded himself at the entrance to prevent the militants from entering his building. Local police, as well as reserve army officers and soldiers who were in Nahariya soon began arriving at the site. At 23:15, a jeep driven by police superintendent Meir Almagor appeared in the area, and was immediately shot at by the militants. Almagor then exited the jeep and ran into the nearby municipal court building, where he called the army's Northern Command and established a permanent telephone contact. The militants were forced into the parking lot of an apartment building, and one broke into the building. Israeli security forces, who were arriving in growing numbers, surrounded the area to prevent their escape. Israeli soldiers and police officers also took up positions on the roof of the municipal court building and on a nearby school. Residents of the apartment building, who understood they were being attacked by militants, locked themselves in their apartments, piled furniture near the doors and took shelter in the inner rooms. One resident of a nearby apartment building, journalist Yehuda Arieli, spotted the two militants in the parking lot and shot at them with his pistol. They returned fire and lobbed a grenade in his direction. 
Mordechai Zarnekin, who lived on the first floor of the building, feared that the militants would break into his apartment and had his wife, son and daughter escape the apartment from the bedroom window on a rope woven from sheets. After reaching ground, they began running toward the street, but were spotted by the militants, who shot at them and threw a grenade, killing all three of them. Zarnekin, who thought that he had saved his family, tried to escape the apartment as well, but was accidentally shot by Israeli security forces. Wounded, he returned to his apartment, where he hid until found by soldiers.
Colonel Shai Tamari of the Oded Brigade initially took command of the security forces on the scene when he arrived; he passed command over to Major-General Rafael Eitan, head of the Northern Command. Eitan arrived together with Captain Ben-Moody Shah, commander of the Golani Brigade's Sayeret Golani unit.
Soldiers from Battalion 12 of the Golani Brigade, based at Camp Shraga, near Nahariya, were called to the scene; the first Golani unit, commanded by Lieutenant Eldad Ronny, arrived at 23:50. The unit arrived at the eastern perimeter of the building, and was spotted by the militants in the parking lot, who were hiding behind cars. The militants opened fire at them and threw grenades. The soldiers returned fire, and Golani soldiers positioned on the roof of a nearby school also opened fire, possibly wounding the two militants. Shrapnel from a grenade injured one soldier.
Takeover operation.
After the contractor that constructed the building provided a detailed explanation of its structure to the army, a plan for a takeover operation was formed. The operation began at 2:10 am, when Israeli soldiers stormed the house. At 2:25 while attempting to open a door, several shots were fired and three grenades were thrown out of the room. The shots and the shrapnel from the grenades killed an Israeli soldier and wounded five. The militant, who was also seriously injured attempted to crawl out onto the roof, and was identified by the commander of the commando unit in charge of the takeover. The commander charged at him and killed him. Afterwards, soldiers swept through the building, hunting for additional militants. During their search, they broke into Mordechai Zarnekin's apartment, where they found him lying wounded. He was treated on the scene and evacuated. Meanwhile, soldiers searching the parking lot found and killed the two other militants. The operation ended officially at 03:20 am.
Three civilians and one Israeli soldier were killed during the event. Seven soldiers and one civilian were injured.
Aftermath.
Two weeks after the raid, Israeli gunboats bombarded three Lebanese ports in retaliation, reportedly after Israel received indications that another seaborne attack was planned. The Israeli government claimed the attack was a warning, and that efforts were made to avoid casualties. The Lebanese government reported that one civilian was wounded, and that 21 fishing boats were sunk. Palestinian guerrillas claimed that the Israeli navy also shelled two small fishing villages. Leaflets were dropped in the ports that were attacked, explaining the raid and warning fishermen against helping guerrillas to launch attacks. Following the raid, several rockets were fired into northern Israel from Lebanon, and Israeli troops exchanged fire with gunmen across the Lebanese border throughout the night, with no casualties reported.
Israel recognized its vulnerability to seaborne terrorism, and increased security measures. Permanent naval patrols along Israel's Mediterranean coast were set up, along with radar stations and coastal lookouts. Maritime security zones were set up in the northern coastal area, where boating, civilian shipping, and swimming was prohibited. This almost completely stopped maritime terrorism; the last successful attack, which also took place in Nahariya, occurred in 1979.
The attack also resulted in the establishment of the Civil Guard. Until then, individual Israeli cities and towns had maintained their own civil guards. Following the attack, enrollment in the Nahariya Civil Guard skyrocketed, and within two days of the attack, it had about 900 members. On July 10, 1974, a national Civil Guard was established as a part of the Israel Police.

</doc>
<doc id="31192752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192752" title="Strath of Kildonan">
Strath of Kildonan

Strath of Kildonan, also known as Strath Ullie, (), is a strath in Sutherland, in the north of Scotland. It extends in a north-westerly direction from Helmsdale towards Kinbrace.
The River Helmsdale (also known as River Ullie) flows down the strath, and into the sea at Helmsdale. 
The A897 road runs along the strath, as does the Far North Line, with Kildonan railway station halfway along.
In 1869 gold was found in the Strath, and was exploited by local crofters and outside prospectors until the enterprise became unprofitable. A following depression in the local economy caused crofters to resume gold digging, which by 1886 brought them into conflict with the Sutherland Estates.

</doc>
<doc id="31192777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192777" title="2011 Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix">
2011 Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2011 Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix was the opening round of the 2011 MotoGP championship. It took place on the weekend of 17–20 March 2011 at the Losail International Circuit located in Doha, Qatar.
In the MotoGP race Casey Stoner won finishing 3.44 seconds ahead of 2010 world champion Jorge Lorenzo with Dani Pedrosa in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="31192791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192791" title="Thomas Bryn">
Thomas Bryn

Thomas Bryn (1782 – 1827) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. He was born in Kongsberg. He represented Råbyggelaget at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Even Torkildsen Lande and Ole Knudsen Tvedten. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1814 and 1827. His diary from 1814 was later printed, and was also used in an impeachment case in 1845.

</doc>
<doc id="31192801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192801" title="List of hotels in Lesotho">
List of hotels in Lesotho

This is a list of hotels in Lesotho.

</doc>
<doc id="31192807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192807" title="Joshua Henry">
Joshua Henry

Joshua Anthony Charlton Henry (born September 2, 1984) is an American actor of stage and screen. He is best known for portraying Haywood Patterson in Kander and Ebb's 2010 musical "The Scottsboro Boys", for which he received a Tony Award nomination. Through his career, he has worked with such performers as Jennifer Hudson, Corbin Bleu, and Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Personal life.
Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba to Zadoc Henry and raised in Miami, Florida, Henry currently resides in Harlem, New York City. He had originally wanted to be an accountant, like his mother, but changed his mind after he was cast as Harold Hill in his high school production of "The Music Man". Henry studied theatre at the University of Miami, graduating in 2006. He recently married his college sweetheart, Cathryn Stringer.
Career.
Henry made his acting debut when he co-starred as Judas in the Paper Mill Playhouse (Milburn, New Jersey) production of "Godspell" in 2006. He was set to star in a 2008 Broadway transfer, but the project was cancelled.
In 2007, Henry appeared in the ensemble of the Off-Broadway musical "In the Heights", re-joining the cast for the show's Broadway production. For "In the Heights", the entire cast won a Drama Desk Award, and Henry and the ensemble won an ACCA Award for Outstanding Broadway Chorus from Actors' Equity Association.
Henry starred in "Serenade", which played off-Broadway from December 9, 2007, to December 15, 2007. Henry then appeared in the first "Sex and the City" film in 2008, subsequently playing the Tin Man in "The Wiz" at the New York City Center in 2009.
On September 23, 2008, Henry performed in a concert performance titled "Party Worth Crashing" in New York City. In June 2009, Henry contributed original music to the off-Broadway musical "Shafrika, The White Girl" at the Vineyard Theatre.
From March 24, 2010 to July 20, 2010 he played "Favorite Son" in the original Broadway cast of the Green Day musical "American Idiot".
Henry then joined the Broadway cast of "The Scottsboro Boys", directed and choreographed by Susan Stroman with a score by John Kander and Fred Ebb. He portrayed Haywood Patterson, for which he achieved critical praise. "The Star Tribune" wrote of his performance, "Joshua Henry . . . ignites the role of Haywood Patterson as the lightning rod for our identification with the men." Charles Isherwood in "The New York Times" asserted that Henry "gives a performance of keen intensity as Haywood Patterson, an illiterate young man who becomes the focus of our sympathy as he steadfastly refuses to sign his name to a lie in order to obtain parole. Mr. Henry performs Haywood’s ballad of hopeless yearning, "Go Back Home," with a powerful simplicity that slashes through the evening’s artifice." Despite these positive reviews, "The Scottsboro Boys" closed within a month. For his performance, Henry was nominated for the 2011 Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical, but lost to Norbert Leo Butz in "Catch Me If You Can".
Henry, along with Corbin Bleu and Andrea Burns, was featured on "Dare to Go Beyond: The Album", by the nonprofit organization R.Evolución Latina. It was released on December 13, 2010, produced by Luis Salgado. Henry has also appeared on the television series "Kings" and "Nip/Tuck", as well as the 2010 short film "Once Upon a Time in Australia".
On January 16, 2011, Henry, Laura Osnes, and Natalie Weiss were featured performers in Kait Kerrigan and Brian Lowdermilk's "You Made This Tour" concert at the Laurie Beechman Theatre. On January 22, he was among the performers in the "Broadway Memories" concert performance in New York, in which he performed selections from "The Scottsboro Boys".
Henry performed in the 92nd Street Y's "Lyrics & Lyricists" event, honoring Burton Lane, on February 14, 2011. On March 2, 2011, He performed with "The Scottsboro Boys"'s original Broadway cast in "Stro!", a gala celebration honoring Susan Stroman.
From March 15, 2011 until the show's closing on April 24, 2011 he returned to the role of "Favorite Son" in "American Idiot".
Henry also attended and performed at a MCC Miscast Gala in New York, held on March 15, 2011. The performance showcases "Broadway's hottest stars performing songs from roles in which they would never be cast."
On April 10, 2011, he returned to the University of Miami to perform in their "Broadway Unplugged" concert. In addition, Henry and the cast of "The Scottsboro Boys" performed in the May 16, 2011, performance of "Broadway Sensation" in New York City.
Henry performed the role of Jake in the American Repertory Theatre's production of "Porgy and Bess", which began previews August 17, 2011, at the Loeb Drama Center in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It officially opened on August 31 and ran through September 30, 2011. It transferred to the Richard Rogers Theatre on Broadway where it played from Jan 12 - Sep 23, 2012.
Henry also played the role of Corporal Quincy Montclair on season 7 of the Lifetime series Army Wives.
Henry performed the role of Flick in the Roundabout Theatre production of "Violet" which began in April, 2014. On April 29, 2014, he was nominated for a Tony in the category of Best Actor in a Featured Role in a Musical.

</doc>
<doc id="31192815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192815" title="Hussain Sagar Thermal Power Station">
Hussain Sagar Thermal Power Station

Hussain Sagar Thermal Power Station is the historic thermal power plant that was located in Hyderabad, Telangana on the banks of Hussain Sagar. 
History.
Hussain Sagar Thermal Power Station was built in 1920 during the time of Sevent Nizam, Mir Osman Ali Khan.
Cost of Hyderabad Thermal Power Plant
The plant.
Hussain Sagar Thermal Power Station was the first thermal power plant in entire South India and was part of the erstwhile Hyderabad State Electricity Department. It was the source of power supply for Hyderabad and Secunderabad from 1920 to 1983.
The location.
Hussain Sagar Thermal Power Station existed on the banks of Hussain Sagar, Hyderabad - where Prasad's IMAX and NTR gardens exist today.
History.
Hussain Sagar Thermal Power Station was built in 1920 during the time of the Seventh Nizam, Mir Osman Ali Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="31192829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192829" title="Rolando Crespo">
Rolando Crespo

Rolando Crespo is a former Representative of Puerto Rico and former Majority Leader of the New Progressive Party within the Puerto Rico House of Representatives who resigned in February 2011 after testing positive to cocaine in a drug test. He was replaced as Majority Leader by Carlos J. Méndez Núñez.
Personal life.
Rolando Crespo has been married twice. His first marriage was when he was 19 years old. He has two children from that relationship. In December 2011, Crespo married entrepreneur Flor de Liz Pérez in Aguadilla.

</doc>
<doc id="31192833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192833" title="Gorm Field">
Gorm Field

Gorm is a natural gas and oilfield in the Danish Sector of North Sea that was discovered in 1971. It is the largest oilfield exploited by Denmark. The field consists of five platforms and is operated by Maersk Oil. The facilities include two wellhead platforms and several processing platforms. About of crude oil from the nearby "Rolf" oil field are processed on the "Gorm" platforms.
An oil leak occurred in the field on 2 March 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="31192835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192835" title="Ali İhsan Sâbis">
Ali İhsan Sâbis

Ali İhsan Sâbis (1882–1957) was the commander for the Sixth Army of the Ottoman Empire. After the war he was exiled to Malta by the British occupation forces. After returning to Turkey, he was appointed to the commandship of the First Army of Turkey . But shortly before the battle of Dumlupınar, he retired.
World War I.
In 1918, his army was defeated by the joint British-Indian armies and he surrendered the remains of the 6th Army in October 1918 at the Battle of Sharqat, allowing the British to occupy Mosul which was in violation to the Mondoros ceasefire agreement signed between the British and Ottoman Empires a few days earlier.
Armenian Genocide.
Ali Ihsan is also known for his role in the Armenian Genocide. While carrying his duties as commander of the 51st division, the Armenians that belonged to those units were murdered outright. When he took command of the 4th army, Ali Ihsan played a crucial role in the forceful exhaustion and starvation of Armenians, which accounted for the lives of tens and thousands. According to the German foreign ministry:
"General A. Ihsan countless times and purposefully let the Germans know that he would not allow a single Armenian stay alive in his command zone." He bragged to German officers that "he had killed Armenians with his own hands" (rühmte sich mit eigener Hand Armenier getötet zu haben).
In the archives of the French foreign ministry:
"Ali Ihsan Paşa, formerly the Commander of the Army Corps stationed at Van, entered Tabriz at the end of June 1918 in the capacity of Commander-in-Chief of the Ottoman Forces in Azerbaijan...In an address to an Armenian delegation he said approximately the following: 'Let it be known that during my entry into Khoi I had the Armenians of the area massacred, without distinction of age and sex ...' A few days later, during a reception of the Armenian Prelate Mgr. Nerses, the Paşa told him: 'I had a half a million of your coreligionists massacred. I can offer you a cup of tea.'"

</doc>
<doc id="31192851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192851" title="Carenero Island">
Carenero Island

Carenero Island (in Spanish: "Isla Carenero") is a long and forested island located just a few hundred meters east of Isla Colón, in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago, Panama. The name of the island comes from the nautical term "careening", which means to lean a ship on its side for repairing or scraping its hull. There are no roads on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="31192886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192886" title="Lincoln Statue (Jefferson, Iowa)">
Lincoln Statue (Jefferson, Iowa)

Lincoln Statue is an historic structure located on the grounds of the Greene County Courthouse in Jefferson, Iowa, United States. It was erected in 1918 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The statue is a replica of W. Granville Hastings’ statue in Cincinnati, Ohio, and was a gift of Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="31192895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192895" title="Azamabad, Hyderabad">
Azamabad, Hyderabad

Azamabad is an Industrial area located in Hyderabad, India. It was built during the time of the Nizams. 
Industrial estate.
Azamabad is home to many old companies. VST Industries is located here.

</doc>
<doc id="31192915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192915" title="Mary Burns, Fugitive">
Mary Burns, Fugitive

Mary Burns, Fugitive is a 1935 American drama film directed by William K. Howard. 
Sylvia Sidney plays a small-town coffee-shop owner who falls for a gangster, ends up in prison and then released in a scheme to trap him. 
Reception.
The film earned profit of $29,089.

</doc>
<doc id="31192921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192921" title="List of hotels in Swaziland">
List of hotels in Swaziland

This is a list of hotels in Swaziland.

</doc>
<doc id="31192923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192923" title="Archives of Virology">
Archives of Virology

The Archives of Virology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in virology. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and is the official journal of the Virology Division of the International Union of Microbiological Societies. It was established in 1939 as the "Archiv für die gesamte Virusforschung" and obtained its current title in 1975. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.111.

</doc>
<doc id="31192924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192924" title="Get Rubber">
Get Rubber

The Get Rubber campaign is an STI awareness campaign spearheaded by the Brazzers network that focuses on the global HIV/AIDS crisis. The campaign is centered on the bringing awareness to adult industry consumers using a series of public service announcements featuring adult video stars such as Bree Olson, Rachel_Roxxx and Nikki Benz. The aims is to remind consumers of pornographic material that adult content is created in a controlled setting and is not to be imitated irresponsibly.

</doc>
<doc id="31192936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192936" title="Ayalathe Adheham">
Ayalathe Adheham

Ayalathe Adheham () is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Rajasenan and written by Sasidharan Arattuvazhi. It stars Jayaram, Gautami, Siddique, Vaishnavi, Meena, and Thilakan. The songs were composed by Perumbavoor G. Raveendranath, with the film score by Mohan Sithara. 
Plot.
The story is about an ordinary family man Premachandran (Jayaram), who faces troubles when his wife Sulochana (Gautami) develops an inferiority complex about their family life, after seeing their happily married neighbours Rajeevan and Radhika (Siddique and Vaishnavi).

</doc>
<doc id="31192938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192938" title="Race to Nowhere">
Race to Nowhere

Race to Nowhere is a 2009 documentary film written by Maimone Attia and directed by Vicki Abeles and Jessica Congdon.
Background.
Part of the power of Race to Nowhere is in its personal story. The film came into being after director Vicki Abeles discovered that the pressures of school, homework, tutoring and extracurricular activities were making her middle-school daughter physically sick. The notion that her daughter – a seemingly normal teenager – had been diagnosed with a stress-induced illness was a painful wake-up call and a catalyst for change.
Determined to help her get well, Abeles started to make changes at home, but the problem seemed more systemic. She began talking with other kids and parents and everywhere she heard similar stories about the unintended consequences of today’s education system and culture to our children and their future. The difficulty at first seemed to center on one critical issue: the plight of students driven to acquire the academic credentials that would facilitate acceptance by a good university and ensure a rewarding career. Recounting the story of a local high school girl who committed suicide under fear of academic failure, the film’s narrative then expands to include a scathing indictment of some of our most fundamental assumptions about the way we educate children.
Director Abeles realized that a documentary film could be a powerful lever in giving voice to those who are the first concern within the educational system yet are often the last to be heard.
Synopsis.
"Race to Nowhere" is a film containing stories of young people across the country who have been pushed to the brink, educators who are burned out and worried that students aren’t developing the skills they need, and parents who are trying to do what’s best for their children.
Reception.
Since its release in 2010, Race to Nowhere has enjoyed an unusual longevity for a documentary motion picture. It has garnered a wide range of praise and criticism. Former Assistant Secretary of Education Diane Ravitch has called it “a compelling film about the stress that kids today experience.” Trip Gabriel of "The New York Times" called it “a must-see movie.”
In a review for "Slant Magazine", Jesse Cataldo gave the film a rating of two stars out of four and criticised the film's lack of objectivity and "occasional lapses into hysterical worrywarting", but called it "the rare documentary that provides legitimate answers to the questions it raises". Jeannette Catsoulis of "The New York Times" was critical of the director's attempt to make a "single, clear narrative" out of such a large topic, but praised her compassion. Writing for "The Village Voice", Ella Taylor said that the director "sheds little new light" on why many parents, teachers and politicians are in favor of extensive homework and testing of high school students.
Distribution.
Though Abeles has been approached by major distributors offering to place her movie in commercial theaters, the filmmaker has chosen to distribute the film directly. Price of the movie depends on license, which ranges from individual home use to group screening in communities, education organizations, professional associations and civic groups. The individual household license has fixed price and includes a DVD disc, cost of other licenses is negotiated for each screening.

</doc>
<doc id="31192942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192942" title="1974 Beit She'an attack">
1974 Beit She'an attack

The 1974 Beit She'an attack, which took place during November 19, 1974, was a raid by a squad of Palestinian militants, belonging to the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine militant organization, on the Israeli city of Beit She'an.
Four civilians were killed during the event and more than 20 civilians were injured.
The attack.
On Tuesday, November 19, 1974, three Palestinian militants who infiltrated into Israel from Jordan disguised as laborers. The militant squad arrived at the town of Beit She'an in northern Israel and entered a 4-storey building in the Eliyahu neighborhood. The militants were equipped with AK-47 rifles, grenades, bombs, axes, as well as a loudspeaker and leaflets for the negotiations with the Israeli security forces.
Initially the militants fired through the apartment doors hitting Mazal Edry, who died later of her wounds in the stairwell. Then the squad broke into the apartment of the Bibas family whom lived on the third floor. After murdering the mother of the family, they threw grenades from the windows, demanding the release of their comrades from Israeli prisons. During the event, the three children of the Bibas family, jumped out of the apartment from their third-floor window, suffering only light injuries. Jean Pierre Alimi, a resident of the neighborhood, was killed by the militants while he helped evacuate the wounded.
The people evacuated from the building alerted the Border Police whom soon afterwards surrounded the building. An attempt was made to negotiate with the militants. The IDF sent a team from the elite Sayeret Matkal special forces unit. After negotiations failed, the Sayeret Matkal team broke into the building, and killed the three militants in an exchange of fire. During the exchange of fire, the father of the Bibas family was killed.
During the entire event some 20 Israeli civilians were injured, many of them children whom jumped out of their apartment windows in order to save their lives.
The perpetrators.
After the attack the Palestinian militant organization Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine claimed responsibility for the attack. Prior to this attack the organization performed several major attacks against Israeli targets, including: the Avivim school bus massacre carried out on May 22, 1970 and the Ma'alot massacre carried out on May 15, 1974.
Aftermath.
After the militants were killed, a large crowd of locals gathered around the building. The police and IDF forces at the site failed to stop them as the angry residents entered the apartment and threw the bodies of the militants out the window. The angry mob poured petrol on the bodies and torched them. The body of one of the victims was accidentally lit as well. The maltreatment of the militants bodies was later on condemned by the Minister Shimon Peres and Rabbi Shlomo Goren who participated in the funerals of the victims.
Years after the event an avenue in Beit She'an was named "Shderat HaArba'ah" ("The Avenue of the Four") in memory of the victims of the attack.

</doc>
<doc id="31192949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192949" title="Bawani Khera (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Bawani Khera (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Bawani Khera Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 90 Vidhan Sabha constituencies in Haryana state in northern India. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes
Overview.
Bawani Khera (constituency number 59) is one of the 6 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Bhiwani district. This constituency covers the entire Bawani Khera tehsil and part of Bhiwani tehsil.
Bawani Khera is part of Hisar Lok Sabha constituency along with eight other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Uchana Kalan in Jind district and Adampur, Uklana, Narnaund, Hansi, Barwala, Hisar and Nalwa in Hisar district.

</doc>
<doc id="31192973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31192973" title="1981–82 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1981–82 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1981–82 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illiniois.
Regular season.
The 1982 season brought Illinois another post-season appearance, in the NIT, and an 18-11 record. Derek Harper
led the Big Ten in assists and steals.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| National Invitation Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31193004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193004" title="David Williamson Shaffer">
David Williamson Shaffer

David Williamson Shaffer (born May 10, 1964 in New York City, NY) is a professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in the departments of Educational Psychology and Biomedical Engineering, a Game Scientist at the Wisconsin Center for Education Research Wisconsin Center for Education Research, and Principal of EFGames, LLC.
Education and Career.
Shaffer received an A.B. in History and East Asian Studies from Harvard University and his M.S. and Ph.D. in Media Arts and Sciences from MIT. Shaffer was a student of James J. Kaput, William J. Mitchell and Seymour Papert, who studied with Jean Piaget. 
Shaffer began his career as a teacher at The Mountain School, an independent school in Vershire, VT. He taught and worked as a teacher-trainer in the US Peace Corps in Nepal from 1989-1991 in a secondary-level science and math teacher development program sponsored by the Asian Development Bank. 
After completing his studies at MIT, Shaffer taught in the Technology in Education program at the Harvard Graduate School of Education, and conducted research in medical education at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital. 
In 2001, Shaffer became an Assistant Professor in Education Psychology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He was promoted to Associate Professor in 2006, and to Full Professor in 2008. He has been a Principal Investigator and Game Scientist at the Wisconsin Center for Education Research since 2001, and a Faculty Affiliate of the Gaylord Nelson Institute for Environmental Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison since 2005.
In 2008, Shaffer founded EFGames, LLC, an educational game development and consulting firm.
Shaffer held a Marie Curie Fellowship at Utrecht University from 2008-2009, and received a Fellowship to the European Institute for Advanced Study at École normale supérieure de Lyon for 2015.
Theories.
Shaffer is a scholar in the fields of the Learning Sciences, Education, and Educational Psychology best known for his work on computer games and learning. Shaffer's research was originally based on the development of epistemic games, or games that simulate real-world problem solving. 
Based on studies of how people learn to solve complex problems in realistic settings, Shaffer developed epistemic frame theory, which suggests that professional thinking is best understood not in terms of knowledge and skills in a professional domain, but rather as an epistemic frame composed of knowledge, skills, values, and identity linked by a particular professional epistemology—-a way of making decisions and justifying actions. This theory has been tested in a range of professions, including architecture, journalism, urban planning, and engineering. 
Building on epistemic frame theory, Epistemic Network Analysis (ENA) is a mathematical technique used to quantify the development of epistemic frames. Based on Social Network Analysis, ENA creates network models of the connections a person or group of people makes among the frame elements (skills, knowledge, values, identities, and epistemologies) of a professional practice. 
Epistemic Games.
Shaffer has been involved in the creation and study of several epistemic games.
Pandora Project.
Players become high-powered negotiators, deciding the fate of a real medical controversy: the ethics of transplanting organs from animals into humans. Along the way, they learn about biology, international relations, and mediation.
Escher's World.
Players become graphic artists and create an exhibit of mathematical art in the style of M.C. Escher. Based on an architectural design studio, the game helps players learn to think like designers about geometry and graphic art.
Journalism.net.
Players become reporters working for an online newsmagazine. Working with professional journalists and interviewing community leaders, these young reporters learn about how journalists think about news and its important relationship to the community.
Digital Zoo.
Players become biomechanical engineers. Using Sodaconstructor, a sophisticated physics simulation, they design wire-frame character prototypes for an upcoming animated film. Players meet with clients and engineering experts, and present their work, developing real-world skills while learning concepts in science and engineering.
Urban Science.
Players engage in the professional practices of urban planning and learn how to become ecological thinkers in the process. They work together to tackle the urban issues that face their city, using iPlan, a Geographic Information System (GIS) tool that helps them develop a comprehensive plan for their community.
Land Science.
Land Science extends the game Urban Science. In Land Science, players become interns at the office of a fictitious urban and regional planning firm, Land Management Associates. Players weigh the trade-offs of land use decisions in ecologically-sensitive areas, interact with virtual stakeholders and use iPlan, a custom-designed Geographic Information System, to develop land use plans for local and national sites.
Nephrotex.
Players are welcomed as early career hires into the fictitious company Nephrotex, whose core technology is the ultrafiltration unit, or dialyzer, of a hemodialysis machine. The players’ assigned task is to design a next-generation dialyzer that incorporates carbon nanotubes and chemical surfactants into the hollow fibers of the dialyzer unit. Since design is a foundational discipline for engineers, we focus on bringing engineering design to first-year engineering students.
Epistemic Network Analysis.
ENA was originally developed as a tool to model connected understanding that characterizes complex learning in communities of practice in terms of epistemic frames. Although originally designed to assess epistemic frames in virtual game environments, ENA is used more generally to quantify the structure of connections that constitute complex thinking as they manifest in discourse, or more generally to quantify and visualize the development any phenomenon, such as fMRI data on brain activity, that can be characterized by changes in connections over time. 
Application of ENA to data on learning.
In ENA, logfiles from learning activities are coded for the presence of key elements in a target domain, such as engineering or journalism. For any two elements of the target domain, the strength of their association in an epistemic network is computed based on the frequency of their co-
occurrence the logfile data. The model of linkages between elements over time quantifies the development of a network. 
These models can be projected into a high-dimensional space. Trajectories of change over time in networks can be visualized as paths through this space, and differences between networks (including possible convergence towards some ideal configuration) can be measured by calculating the distance between networks. Because changes in network structure are linked to specific points in time, ENA can associate key changes in complex and collaborative thinking with specific activities that learners undertake.
Other applications of ENA.
The ENA toolkit is available online and has been used to model data from a diverse array of domains, including ethnographic data, log files, video game data, classroom teacher discourse, interview transcripts, and neuroscience imaging.
Selected works.
Shaffer, D. W. (2007). "How Computer Games Help Children Learn." New York: Palgrave
Gee, J. P., & Shaffer, D. W. (September/October 2010). Looking Where the Light is Bad: Video Games and the Future of Assessment. "Phi Delta Kappa International EDge", 6(1).
Shaffer, D. W. (2009). Computers and the End of Progressive Education. In David Gibson (Ed.) Digital "Simulations for Improving Education:Learning Through Artificial Teaching Environments" (pp. 68–85).Hershey, PA: IGI Global.
Shaffer, D. W. (2009). Wag the Kennel: Games, Frames, and the Problem of Assessment. In R. Fertig (Ed.), "Handbook of Research on Effective Electronic Gaming in Education". (pp. 577–592). Hershey, PA: IGI Global.
Shaffer, D. W., Hatfield, D., Svarovsky, G. N., Nash, P., Nulty, A., Bagley, E., Franke, K., Rupp, A. A., Mislevy, R. (2009). Epistemic Network Analysis: A prototype for 21st Century assessment of learning. "The International Journal of Learning and Media." 1(2), 33-53.

</doc>
<doc id="31193005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193005" title="Agnus Dei (music)">
Agnus Dei (music)

Agnus Dei, referring to the Christian theological concept the Lamb of God, and the associated liturgical text from the Roman Catholic Latin Mass has been set to music by many composers, as it is normally one of the movements or sections in a sung Mass setting. However, sometimes it stands alone, "e.g.", it provides the lyrics for "Agnus Dei", the choral arrangement of Samuel Barber's "Adagio for Strings".
Based upon John the Baptist's reference in to Jesus ("Behold the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world"), the text in Latin is:
which means:
The text is also part of the use of Agnus Dei in liturgy.
Examples.
Some examples from full mass settings include:
Samuel Barber arranged his Adagio for Strings as "Agnus Dei"
Elliot Goldenthal used the text in the score for Alien 3
An arrangement, Megalith-Agnus Dei, was used in the game on the final mission called Megalith.

</doc>
<doc id="31193008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193008" title="NYS Collection">
NYS Collection

NYS Collection is a United States-based sunglass and eyewear company founded in 1996 by Sal Babbino and Marc Behar. The company started with a retail location at the World Trade Center in New York City. NYS Collection sunglasses are today sold at branded mall kiosks, franchised carts, and throughout a network of other retail partners.
NYS Collection has a license to distribute eyewear branded by the New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="31193018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193018" title="Again (Retro Grave album)">
Again (Retro Grave album)

Again is the debut full-length album from Retro Grave. The album features original Trouble drummer Jeff Olson. The album was released initially in December 2008 as a download only via the band's website. One month later Michael Leonard Maiewski was added to the band for strings and back up vocals. A hardcopy of Again was released in February 2010 with Maiewski added to the mix. 
Track listing.
All music written by Jeff Olson. Lyrics by Paull Goodchild.

</doc>
<doc id="31193024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193024" title="Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 4)">
Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 4)

"Italia's Next Top Model, Cycle 4" is the fourth season of "Italia's Next Top Model" based on the American program of the same name. It is broadcast on SkyUno, a channel of the Italian subscription television Sky TV. It premiered in Spring 2011.
The host is once again the Russian former model and actress Natasha Stefanenko. Other permanent judges are Micheal Giannini, art director and talent scout of model agency d’Management, former Italian top model and Giorgio Armani's muse Antonia Dell'Atte, fashion photographer Alberto Badalamenti and fashion journalist Giusi Ferrè.
For the first time a former transgender contestant, Adriana Mazzarini, was admitted in the final cast.
Alice Taticchi resulted as the winner, getting a contract with Fashion Model Milan and an editorial for Lancôme.
Changes.
Due to viewers' criticism on format changes introduced in cycle 3 the show returned to its original structure without audience and no more runway challenges at panel. The daily episodes were removed and weekly episodes were edited to cover one week of events. 
The prizes changed for this cycle: Fashion Model Management replaced d'Management Group as the winner's agency - but art director of d'Management Michael Giannini still remained contestants' coach and judge - and the Max Factor campaign was replaced by an editorial spread for Lancôme.
Episode summaries.
Episode 1.
"First aired January 7, 2011
For this cycle the cast was chosen in a live final casting episode where 24 hopefuls chosen in castings throughout the country presented themselves before the judges and a live audience. After the poll was reduced to 16, the girls, divided into groups of 4, showed their walks in themed runways and spoke about their lives and modelling ambitions. The finalists were chosen by the viewers' vote and out of each group of 4 girls only 3 would be finalists. Out of the 4 eliminated girls the judges eventually chose one girl to join the 12 already picked by the public vote. The 13 finalists were also joined by the winner of the web casting chosen by on-line voters to become an official finalist. 
After the episode finalist Elizabeth Reale withdrew herself from the competition due to personal reasons and was replaced by semi-finalist Rossella Bersani who had previously been left out for one vote from the judges' decision to reintroduce one of the 4 eliminees in the final cast.
Episode 2.
"First aired March 30, 2011
Natasha meets the 14 contestants in the city center of Milan and accompanies them in a limousine to their new home. She tells them they will be living in an entire palace and lets them think they will be staying in a luxurious accommodation. All the girls are thrilled in front of their new house but are faced with an unpleasant truth after entering. They indeed will be staying in an entire palace, but it is completely devoid of comforts they expected, with basic furniture, empty walls, small rooms and only two bathrooms for all of them. Later Michael will explain they wanted the girls to experience the real life models' house with small spaces and no comforts, crowded bedrooms and queues to use the bathroom. Although coping with disappointment, all the girls are ready to clean up the rooms with the exception of Valeria who shows a disgusted attitude towards their new home and refuses to do any housework, immediately claiming the more comfortable and only private bedroom for herself. Ginevra on the other hand shows to be pleased with this accommodation and states the only thing she needs is do modelling and critiques Valeria for her fussy demeanor and for her unwillingness to help in the domestic chores. 
The next day the girls are put to test with their first reward challenge. Michael takes them to a nearby park, he has them dressed in an outfit for rainy days and asks the girls to show their walks and use an umbrella on the improvised runway. In the end Rossella B. is deemed the winner of this challenge by showing the most convincing walk. She is given two options: she can either take the private bedroom for herself or she can have workmen to come to the house to make it cozier. Rossella B. opts for the second choice and two workmen bring the girls some wall decorations, fix better lighting and build a runway for the girls to practice their walks. Meanwhile all the contestant receive a prize consisting in new clothes.
The following day the girls are informed they will be doing their first photoshoot. On set Natasha tells them they will have to impersonate characters or fashion styles related to their personalities. After short individual talks with the host to decide which subject each girl will be portraying, they get prepared for the shoot. On set they have to take the shots by themselves using cameras with timers and quickly posing in front of them. Some girls like Alice, Ginevra, Rossella G. are at ease while others such as Adriana, Bruna and Lorenza struggle to create a pose. The girls represent the following subjects:
At panel the girls get evaluated on a full-body shot and a close-up photo. Alice, Benedetta, Francesca and Ginevra are praised for their shots and so is Rossella G. for producing a remarkable photo despite looking a bit common in person according to Giusi. Beatrice is warned to think more when on set and Ilaria is told she did not fully translate her own personality in her shot. Valeria gets mixed reviews while Veronica gets bad critiques for not embodying the mood she chose in her picture. Bruna's evaluations leads to a debate between Alberto - the photographer - and Michael - the girls' mentor - with the former accusing the latter of giving Bruna too many directions and confusing her, while in Alberto's opinion new models need to get little advicing when they start doing photoshoots. Lorenza is critiqued for being stiff on set and for her pose not matching the subject she chose as well as for an overall bad shot. Adriana is scolded for her awkward pose and facial expression and for producing a lackluster picture that does not portray the femininity she always looked for in her life.
In the end Adriana and Lorenza are paired up in the bottom two for their performances on set and poor shots and Lorenza is sent home as she is deemed too uneasy in being photographed.
Episode 3.
"First aired April 6, 2011
The girls are informed by Natasha Mail they will be getting makeovers. They are driven to Charme&Cheveux Salon where Michael and the hairstylists will be telling them their new looks. Rossella G. has the most radical change, being partly shaved and dyed platinum blond, but most of the girls receive minor changes with their hair being trimmed and colors being slightly changed. Soon tensions erupt when Francesca points out that, being already a natural blonde, she finds silly to have her hair dyed blonder. She questions her motivation to stay further and starts an argument with Veronica who judges Francesca whiny and disrespectful to other girls who are accepting their makeovers even if they do not agree with the change. Francesca refuses to speak to Veronica any longer and Ginevra comes to her defense by attacking Veronica for her intervention. Later Francesca goes through her makeover and Ginevra, upset for her new hairstyle, is comforted by Natasha.
Natasha pays a visit to the girls to have dinner with them. Their dinner ends emotionally with the host giving Adriana a letter from her mother who writes her to encourage her daughter, who went through difficult times being raised by her grandparents and getting a gender reassignment operation.
The next day Michael comes to the girls' house and has a catwalk lesson. Fashion model Silvia Dimitrova helps him in evaluating the girls. Alice, Francesca and Ginevra get positive reviews and Beatrice is told to have improved her walk. Giulia is found uncomfortable on the runway, Valeria is too tense and Benedetta's walk is noticed for its flaws. Michael asks Ginevra to help the girls practising. This leads Veronica to comment on Ginevra's inability to correct the contestants' flaws while Benedetta expresses her disappointment in herself for being inferior to other girls on the catwalk.
The following day the girls get Natasha Mail informing them they are taking part in their first runway challenge. The girls go to Istituto Marangoni where they will be walking for the fashion school designers. Each designer is assigned a number of girls as follows:
At panel Adriana, Beatrice, Francesca, Ginevra and Ilaria are praised for their performances. Bruna is asked to give more expression and show more spunk to make the difference. Valeria is reprimanded for her runway poses and Giulia for looking lifeless and tense. Benedetta is reduced to tears when she gets negative reviews for not looking like a model and being out of place on the catwalk, therefore she tries to convince the judges she is there to learn. Alice is deemed bored and emotionless by Antonia. Rossella B. and Veronica receive mixed reviews while Rossella G. is scolded for not being mentally present.
In the end Natasha calls Adriana, Ginevra and Ilaria as the three best ones with Ginevra being at the top of the pack for her weekly performance on the catwalk. Benedetta and Giulia land in the bottom two for their unconvincing walks and poor presence on the runway. Giulia is eventually eliminated. 
Episode 4.
"First aired April 13, 2011
The girls are sent to the gym for their physical assessment and weekly training. Valeria complains she doesn't have a good relationship with physical activity and is not enthusiastic while doing her exercises.
Back to their house they find a letter written by Michael who inspectioned the rooms during their absence and found them dirty and untidy. Alice and Ilaria are therefore assigned the supervising role of a general house cleaning. After the girls completed their domestic work Michael comes to tell that they will be taking part in their weekly reward challenge. Antonia comes as well, bringing her private collection of outfits created by famous designers and Michael announces each girl will be wearing one of them and pose while he will be taking polaroid shots to evaluate which contestant shows the best posing skills. After their performance Michael and Antonia choose Alice as the winner of this challenge. She is given two options: she can either get a washing machine to simplify their housework or she can have a five-minute phone call home while each one of the other girls will be getting a one-minute call. Alice opts for the latter choice and tears are shed when the contestants get to speak to their loved ones. Some girls like Adriana, Francesca and Ginevra refuse to call home to avoid getting emotional.
The next day the girls get Natasha mail telling them they must get ready to leave. Later they are led into thinking they will be going to the airport while they are driven to Milan seadrome where they meet Natasha and olympic champion Antonio Rossi who will be supervising and helping them in a triathlon session before their photoshoot where the girls will pose to sell an energy drink. To be believable in their shots the girls must get tired doing physical efforts so they compete through a running contest, a bicycle race and a wall-climbing challenge. Valeria always results in being left behind and refuses to complete her wall-climbing task. Just after this each girl poses in the photo shoot to advertise the energy drink.
During the judging session Adriana, Alice, Benedetta, Rossella B. and Veronica are commanded for producing believable pictures and selling the product despite it was not a real advertisement. Ginevra is scolded by Natasha for not respecting the commercial assignment while other judges praise her posing ability. Following last week's debate over Benedetta's appeal as an actress more than a model she is asked to play some lines before the panel and after her actress impersonation the judges decide to reward the girls with a washing machine they did not get before. Benedetta is also praised for hiding her body flaws in her photo. Rossella G. gets mixed reviews with some judges not liking her pose and Natasha warning her to work on her glance. Francesca and Beatrice are reprimanded for their unconvincing shots and Natasha scolds Beatrice for not being physically fit and showing it in her picture. Valeria is heavily reprimanded by Natasha for not being professional and for giving up during the training session thus showing a deplorable lack of commitment and respect towards the other girls who did their duty in the challenge. Natasha also adds Valeria's photo is as poor as her behavior and Antonia criticizes her pose.
In the end Beatrice and Valeria are placed in the bottom two for their disappointing shots and despite her potential Beatrice gets sent home. 
Episode 5.
"First aired April 20, 2011
For this week's reward challenge the eleven remaining girls are brought in a store in the city center of Milan, there they are divided into 3 groups and will be working as sales assistants to show their ability to sell clothes. Most of the girls struggle but a few of them succeed in satisfying the clients. Bruna is declared the winner of the challenge and as a prize she gets ten minutes to pick all the clothes and accessories she likes from the store. 
After the challenge Ilaria and Benedetta complain about Bruna's frequent use of colored contact lenses. Ilaria states she has an unfair advantage over the rest of them when she uses colored contacts because they make her stand out more in person and in photos and this upsets the two girls. Moreover Benedetta underlines how Bruna always matches her outfits to her colored lenses.
The following day Michael announces the girls they will be having an acting lesson. On stage each girl must introduce herself to the rest of them and the acting coach evaluates their individual presentations, after that the contestants face themselves in pairs by telling what they like and what they do not like about each other. This leads to a confrontation between Ginevra and some of the girls after that Adriana expresses her dislike towards Ginevra for her being conceited and fake. Ginevra disagrees and states this is the way they probably see her because she has confidence in herself and in her abilities.
The next day the girls are brought to Milan Science Museum where they will be facing their second runway challenge. There they will be walking for Italian fashion designer Antonio Marras. After a fitting Antonio decides Ginevra is the most qualified girl to open the runway show. During the runway performance the designer comments with Natasha that Benedetta has a beautiful face but she looks more like an actress than a model.
In the judging session Alice, Francesca and Ilaria get praised for their walks and their presence on the runway. Ginevra is commanded for her opening walk but Natasha tells her to be more careful in using her arms. The judges constantly disagree with Alberto's opinion and this leads to mixed reviews given to many of the girls. Valeria's walk is deemed too fast while Alberto finds it suitable, Veronica's presence on the runway is questioned by Alberto but she gets positive reviews from the other judges for delivering a perfect performance. Bruna is noticed for her improvements and Natasha invites Ilaria to express her unfavorable opinion on Bruna's use of colored contacts. Subsequently Natasha tells Bruna she will not be wearing those from now on. Adriana's facial expression on the runway are not liked by Alberto but are appreciated by other judges. Rossella B. receives compliments by Alberto but Michael states he expected more from her walk. Benedetta gets the most negative review by Alberto who points out there is not a model in her and in his opinion she does not even want to become a model. Antonia strongly disagrees on this comment. Rossella G. is scolded by Natasha for her wrong movements at the end of the runway and for not committing to be remarkable on the catwalk.
Finally, Natasha declares Francesca as the best runway performer of this week together with Ilaria as runner-up. Benedetta faces her second bottom two appearance but it is Rossella G. who ends up being this episode's eliminee.
Episode 6.
"First aired April 27, 2011
The ten remaining girls have a posing lesson with photographer Alberto Badalamenti. They are coached on how to produce a group shot without overshadowing one another. On set Valeria is deemed too vulgar by the photographer, much to the girl's surprise. Benedetta is eager to show Alberto she can photograph like a model to prove his previous critiques were wrong. At the end of the lesson Michael announces the girls that they will use their posing skills in a collective reward challenge: they must create a believable group shot by cooperating on set with one another, for that each of them poses wearing a sporty t-shirt. Michael reminds the girls that no one will get the prize if just a single girl fails in the shoot. In the end the photographer and the models' coach are satisfied with their work and each girl receives a letter from her family. Tears are shed by the contestants as they read encouragements from their beloved ones. Michael later adds that the girls must choose one of them to be awarded with an extra prize consisting in a visit from her mother. The girls opt to draw the winner's name and Ilaria is chosen. Ilaria's mother comes to the girls' house for one day-long visit that pleases her daughter.
The following day the girls are informed by Michael that they will be leaving for the Mont Blanc to do their photoshoot. After arriving the contestants enjoy a night out with Michael. The morning after they are brought on the mountain to prove themselves in this week's shoot. They are posing on the snow wearing just a swimsuit and an ecological fur at -5°C and at a height of 3,400 meters. Michael advises the girls to try their poses in the backstage to avoid wasting time on set and get cold. Some girls are noticed for their energetic performances while others like Veronica or Bruna need to be coached by Natasha and Michael to be more aggressive in their posing. Ginevra's studied poses are critiqued on set by the two judges.
Back in Milan the girls face their evaluation at panel. Alice gets unanimous praise for her striking pose and face although Antonia warns her to tone up her body. Same advice is given by Antonia to Benedetta who satisfies the judges with a pose that hides her body flaws. Rossella B. is noticed for her captivating glance and Francesca is commended for her elegant shot, her icy glance and ambitious posing. Ilaria is commanded for producing a good shot but Natasha points out she always offers the same facial expression while Michael wants her to be more aware her movements instead of being all over the place while posing. Adriana's shot is found vulgar by Alberto while is praised by other judges for it hides her flaws. Veronica is scolded for producing a bad photograph and lacking energy, and Bruna for an overall disappointing result that makes the judges wonder if she could be a model given the lack of improvement. Valeria is criticized by Natasha for resulting unproportionate in her photo while Ginevra is deemed to be out-of-date in her posing and needs to be more updated.
Bruna and Veronica are eventually left in the bottom two for their poor photographs and Veronica is ultimately eliminated despite her potential.
Episode 7.
"First aired May 4, 2011
In this week's reward challenge Michael evaluates the contestants on their ability to create a style and show it on the runway. The nine remaining girls are divided into three groups of three and each group will choose clothes and accessories to wear for portraying a style in an improvised runway show in the models' house. Adriana, Bruna and Ginevra are the winning group of this challenge so they get to spend a night out in Milan. Just after the challenge an argument erupts between Adriana and Ilaria, with the latter accusing the winning group of an undeserved victory for choosing a vulgar styling. Adriana defends her team's work and Ilaria retaliates they were out of theme in their dressing choices.
The following day Michael brings the girls their mid-term reports. Alice and Francesca get high votes while Bruna, Benedetta and Valeria receive the lowest marks. Subsequently Benedetta is assigned a specific training program to tone her body and Bruna has a lesson with a motivational coach to help herself in finding more confidence in her means, this makes Bruna feel more motivated to give her best in the following challenges.
For this week's photoshoot the contestants will imitate a photo of Natasha's. They are being photographed while screaming with energy. Bruna performs well on set, eager to make up for her underwhelming performance in the last week. Adriana, Francesca and Rossella B. struggle to get a shot.
At panel Bruna redeems herself with a great photo that earns her the judges' praises. Ginevra is commended as well for producing a good shot. Alice is liked by Natasha, however the host and Alberto point out that her pose and expression are out of theme since she represented a frightened scream instead of an energetic one. Same critique is given to Ilaria, whose picture is nonetheless praised for the outcome. Francesca's and Rossella B.'s shots are deemed some of the weakest: Francesca for being too exaggerate and Rossella for looking cheap. Alberto states that Valeria is starting to lose confidence in herself and this shows in the picture, Michael disagrees but finds Valeria's shot devoid of energy. Adriana is scolded by Antonia for her bad pose and for lacking energy. 
For their weak shots Adriana and Valeria land in the bottom two, both for their second time. Adriana is ousted from the competition.
Episode 8.
"First aired May 11, 2011
Michael announces the girls they will be spending the week practising their runway walks with four professional male models to get ready for this week's runway challenge. Since the very first runway lesson the girls show their interest in the models and start commenting on their looks and attitudes but the contestants have to stay focused on their runway performances. In the end the male models choose the girls they will be walking with in the upcoming runway challenge.
This week's reward challenge revolves around presenting skills. The girls are brought to a TV studio to be tested, there they are asked to read a script in front of the camera and to be convincing in this task. Many girls find it difficult to pronounce foreign words correctly and in the end it is Benedetta who is chosen as the winner for her presence in front of the camera. Benedetta can be a guest in the backstage of Alessandro Dell'Acqua fashion show during Milan Fashion Week and gets to know the designer personally together with Ilaria, chosen by Benedetta to share such opportunity, much to the other contestants' jealousy.
After days of runway training the girls are driven to Antonio Riva's atelier, there they will be showing his collection of bridal gowns accompanied by the male models dressed as grooms. Alice and Ginevra show a perfect mastery of the runway in their respective performances and the designer points them as his own favorites. Francesca faces an obstacle while going up the catwalk and stops before tripping, but she eventually manages to recover from this mistake by delivering her performance on the catwalk.
At panel Ilaria gets unanimous praises for her elegant and refined performance that still confirms her as one of the best walkers in the group. Alice gets praised for her movements by Giusi but Alberto finds her too cold and apathetic on the catwalk, while other judges disagree with this. Alberto praises Rossella for her romantic performance but Michael reprimands her for mistaking her place on the runway forcing the male model to switch his position, which the judge finds unacceptable. Antonia commands Francesca for her recovery, on the contrary she still finds Benedetta to be insecure on the catwalk while Valeria is scolded by Natasha for her inappropriate shoulders' movements and her walk unsuitable to show a wedding dress. Ginevra is appreciated for her presence but the host warns her not to have a presumptuous attitude when walking.
Benedetta and Valeria land in the bottom two for their third time, both for still being unable to deliver a good performance on the runway. Valeria is eventually eliminated for an overall mediocre performance in the competition.
Episode 9.
"First aired May 18, 2011
The seven remaining contestants get a visit by Natasha who wakes them up early in the morning to announce them they will be leaving for Spain for their next photoshoot. The girls are furtherly informed by Michael they will be doing a western themed photoshoot in Almería, in a set where western movies used to be filmed. The girls quickly pack their bags and leave for their international destination.
The following day the girls are tested in the weekly reward challenge. Michael divides them in groups and tells that they will be making three different photoshoots by themselves. They can choose to be models, photographers or both. Groups and themes themes are assigned as follows:
All the girls manage to interact well on set and overcome the language obstacle to get help from the local people in arranging the shoots. After evaluating their shots Michael declares Benedetta, Ginevra and Rossella B. the winners of this challenge so the three girls can get to spend a relaxing afternoon in the hotel's spa.
The next day the contestants go to a set where famous Spaghetti Western movies were filmed. There they get told they will be posing as cowgirls and he photographer asks them for a confident and dangerous attitude in front of the camera. Alice, Bruna and Ilaria manage to impress with their performance on set while Benedetta finds it difficult to pose in the sun and deliver the right movements. Ginevra is coached by Michael to get her shot and, once back home, the girl shows her concern about her own results this week.
In the judging session Alice gets praised for her intense shot. Bruna's photo starts a debate among the judges since Giusi and Michael command the girl's attitude and glance in her picture while Alberto, in constant disagreement with the others, finds it too sexy. Rossella B. gets positive feedbacks and so does Ilaria. Alberto warns Francesca to be more cohesive in her posing although her outcome is appreciated by the panel. Benedetta is scolded by Antonia for not being the protagonist in her shot because of her weak expression and pose. Ginevra is reprimanded for her photo which shows her stiffness and is seen as a step backwards in the girl's performance.
Benedetta and Ginevra are paired up in the bottom two and Benedetta is eliminated following four appearances at the bottom of the pack.
Episode 10.
"First aired May 25, 2011
The six remaining girls are administered their second makeovers. Francesca once again has an emotional meltdown when she knows her hair is getting dyed blonder and cut shorter. Her unprofessional reaction is commented in a negative way by Ginevra.
Later the contestants have a make-up lesson where they learn how to create a smoky eyes make-up. Then the make-up artists puts them to test with their reward challenge: this week each of them has to replicate a make-up insipired to famous women. Alice is declared the winner of the challenge for her accurateness and as a prize she can make a wish and it will be fulfilled. Alice chooses to pay a visit back home so she leaves temporarily from Milan to greet her family in her hometown.
This week the contestants must play two opposite roles in a commercial for NGM Mobile Phones: every girl will interpret an immature girl and a grown-up confident woman to give the idea of the two aspects that cohexist in the product. On set Ilaria's performance is natural and convincing, Alice manages to deliver and so does Bruna. Rossella has some problems in reminding her lines.
At panel Ilaria gets praised for her believable and lively commercial. Alice is commanded for her result although judged a bit too theatrical and Bruna's commercial is liked as well despite lacking some sparkle. The judges find Francesca, Ginevra and Rossella B. not believable in selling the product for their performances come out as overdone.
Ilaria is chosen as the best performer of the week and her commercial will be used by the client on the website, whereas Francesca and Rossella B. are placed in the bottom two for their unconvincing performances. Rossella B. is sent home. 
Episode 11.
"First aired June 1, 2011
Michael pays a visit to the models' house to talk with Alice and Ginevra. Alice has always been commanded for her results in the competition but Antonia has often criticized her for not having a toned body, therefore Alice assures Michael she is ready to commit herself more in her physical exercises to tone up her body. Ginevra, on the other hand, has experienced an emotional meltdown at panel after being critiqued negatively in the previous episode, so Michael encourages her to believe more in herself and her own potential as a model. Subsequently Michael gives the girls some letters from their families.
Later the girls go to the gym for their exercise routine and Alice is taught further exercises to do at home to improve her body shape. Just after coming back home the girls are told they will have to face their weekly reward challenge. They are brought to a swimsuits and underwear store where they will pose in groups to display the lingerie collection in front of passers-by who express their preferences. Alice comes out as the winner of the challenge and is awarded with a collection of lingerie and bathing suits.
For this week's photoshoot the girls will pose on a horseback with old-fashioned dresses. They have to impersonate dreamy women to evocate a romantic atmosphere. Alice finds a bit difficult to get the right mood but thanks to Michael's coaching she finally manages to deliver her shot. Francesca and Ilaria perform well in front of the camera while Bruna is still unaware of her movements.
In the judging room Francesca redeems herself with a praiseworthy photo that fully captures the assigned mood. Alice's photo is considered as disappointing by Alberto and Bruna gets once again scolded for still being unable to control her face and pose at the same time.
Alice and Bruna are paired in the bottom two and Bruna becomes this week's eliminee for her lack of improvement.
Episode 12.
"First aired June 8, 2011
The four remaining contestants get told they will be leaving their home for a luxurious accommodation. After packing their bags they are driven to a 5-star hotel in the center of Milan where they will be staying in luxury rooms with every comfort. Just after arriving the contestants have a casting lesson where they are asked to present themselves and show their walks or poses in front of a casting director. Ilaria has some difficulties in speaking English.
Later the girls are brought to Radio Italia studios where they will do a radio interview as reward challenge. The radio speaker asks them to talk about themselves and interact with him to see who is able to handle the pressure of an interview. Most of the girls manage to be easy-going while speaking but Ginevra is still uncomfortable in a talking role. In the end Francesca is proclaimed winner of the challenge for her pleasant interview and gets the opportunity to have a dinner out with the judges much to the others' jealousy and especially Ginevra's.
The following day the girls have a one-on-one talk with Natasha to explain why each of them should win and right after they do a beauty shoot with paint on their faces. The girls perform well on set and Ginevra manages to recover after the paint drips in her eyes.
At panel the girls are evaluated not only on their pictures but also on their runway walks after an improvised catwalk test in front of the judges. Alice is commanded by Antonia for her pace on the runway and for her elegance in her beauty shot. Francesca is praised by Michael for showing an elegant yet aggressive catwalk performance and for delivering a great photo this week. Natasha comments the rivalry with other girls has pushed her to show a new strength. Ilaria is told she seems to have lost her good runway walk all of a sudden and Alberto finds her photo not convincing because of her expression and her glance. Ginevra is scolded by the judges for looking lifeless and tense in her walk and unconvincing in her photo, which leads the girl to burst into tears for her disappointing results. 
In the end Ginevra and Ilaria find themselves in the bottom two and despite her overall good performance Ilaria is eliminated for the judges feel Ginevra has more potential.
Episode 13.
"First aired June 15, 2011
After being announced their last photoshoot the three finalists are driven to Lake Como where they will be shooting an editorial for Vanity Fair in a historical palace. The contestants must impersonate aristocratic ladies waiting for an evening ball, dressed in 1930s-style gowns. After the photoshoot the judges evaluate their photos and each finalist is praised for the elegance shown in the picture. Unfortunately only two girls can walk in the final runway and Francesca is eliminated.
Alice and Ginevra are brought to the Fondazione Gianfranco Ferré where they do a fitting before the final runway. The two finalists will be wearing historic creations of the designer. On the final runway both girls show their walking skills. After the runway show the judges praise the contestants for their impeccable performances and after evaluating their journeys the two girls are called back and Alice is revealed as the winner for displaying an innate elegance in her photos, for her refined walk and her overall consistency throughout the entire competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31193035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193035" title="Mandela (1987 film)">
Mandela (1987 film)

Mandela is a 1987 HBO television film directed by Philip Saville. The film stars Danny Glover as Nelson Mandela and Alfre Woodard as his wife Winnie.

</doc>
<doc id="31193036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193036" title="The Mill Field">
The Mill Field

The Mill Field is a 3.4 hectare Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade II, in Mill Hill in the London Borough of Barnet. It is a public open space which slopes steeply down from the road called The Ridgeway. It may be the site of the windmill which gave the area its name. This was documented as early as 1321 and had disappeared by 1754.
The upper part, which has good views across west London, is managed as a park and has a football pitch. The lower slopes are less managed, with grassland, hedgerows marking former field boundaries, scattered trees, and areas of creeping thistle. A small stream, probably a tributary of Burnt Oak Brook, flows from a spring fed pond, which has a rich wetland flora. Wild flowers include devil's-bit scabious and Common Tormentil, and the small copper butterfly is found there.
There is access from The Ridgeway near Hammers Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="31193058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193058" title="Agnus Dei (liturgy)">
Agnus Dei (liturgy)

In the Mass of the Roman Rite and also in the Eucharist of the Anglican Communion, the Lutheran Church, and the Western Rite of the Orthodox Church the Agnus Dei is the invocation to the Lamb of God sung or recited during the fraction of the Host.
History.
The Syrian custom of a chant addressed to the Lamb of God was introduced into the Roman Rite Mass by Pope Sergius I (687–701), in the context of his rejection of the Quinisext Council, which had forbidden the depiction of Christ as a Lamb.
The chant.
Based upon John the Baptist's reference in to Jesus ("Behold the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world"), the text in Latin is:
which means:
The text used in the Roman Catholic and Episcopal Church is:
The following three versions are all found in the Church of England's "Common Worship" liturgical resources.
The General Instruction of the Roman Missal, § 83, states: "The supplication "Agnus Dei", is, as a rule, sung by the choir or cantor with the congregation responding; or it is, at least, recited aloud. This invocation accompanies the fraction and, for this reason, may be repeated as many times as necessary until the rite has reached its conclusion, the last time ending with the words "dona nobis pacem (grant us peace)"."
In Tridentine Requiem Masses, the first two invocations ended with "dona eis requiem" (give them rest) instead of "miserere nobis", and the last with "dona eis requiem sempiternam" (give them rest eternal).
The Agnus Dei is part of nearly all settings by composers of sung masses.
Other uses.
The priest again uses the phrase "Lamb of God", in a more complete quotation from , when displaying the consecrated Host (or the Host and Chalice) to the people before giving them Holy Communion. He says: "Ecce Agnus Dei, ecce qui tollit peccata mundi. Beati qui ad cenam Agni vocati sunt" (Behold the Lamb of God, behold him who takes away the sins of the world. Blessed are those called to the supper of the Lamb).

</doc>
<doc id="31193064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193064" title="Claire Beck Loos">
Claire Beck Loos

Claire Beck Loos was a photographer and writer, born in 1904 in Pilsen, Czechoslovakia. She was the third wife of early modern Czechoslovak-Viennese architect Adolf Loos.
Claire Beck's immediate and extended relations - the Beck, Hirsch, Turnowsky and Kraus families - and friends the Semmlers, were some of Loos' first clients. They hired him to remodel apartment interiors in Pilsen and Vienna, and it was there that Loos first began to open up the "interstitial spaces" between walls to create continuous rooms. These projects, among others, are highlighted in the traveling exhibition "Learning to Dwell: Adolf Loos in the Czech Lands" sponsored by the City of Prague Museum, which opened in Prague in 2008 and has travelled to Brno, Czech Republic; Torino, Italy; and the Royal Institute of British Architects in London.
Claire and Loos were engaged after Loos invited the Beck family to see a Josephine Baker performance in Vienna in the spring of 1929. They had a short and rushed engagement, due to her parents' opposition. They were married in Vienna on 18 July 1929. She was thirty-five years younger than he was. Because it was a mixed marriage, the Jewish community refused to execute the marriage. Loos and Claire were divorced on 30 April 1932.
Claire Beck Loos wrote "Adolf Loos Privat", a literary work of snapshot-like vignettes about Loos' character, habits and sayings, which was published by the Johannes-Presse in Vienna in 1936. The book was intended to raise funds for Adolf Loos' tomb, as he died destitute on 23 August 1933.
Following his death in 1933, Loos' body was later moved to Vienna's Zentralfriedhof to rest among the great artists and musicians of the city – including Arnold Schoenberg, Peter Altenberg, and Karl Kraus, all some of Loos' closest friends and associates.
Claire Beck Loos and her mother Olga Feigl Beck moved to Prague at the beginning of World War II, and were later deported to Theresienstadt concentration camp in 1941. They died in 1942 at the Nazi concentration camp at Riga, Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="31193070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193070" title="Several Shades of Why">
Several Shades of Why

Several Shades of Why is the debut solo studio album by Dinosaur Jr frontman J Mascis, released March 15, 2011 on Sub Pop Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="31193071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193071" title="Marine Exhibition Center of Punta Culebra">
Marine Exhibition Center of Punta Culebra

The Marine Exhibition Center of Punta Culebra or Punta Culebra Nature Center is an open-air museum located in Panama City, on one of the islands connected by the Amador Causeway. It is operated by the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, also located in Panamá. The center focuses mainly on marine biodiversity and conservation in tropics.
Among its attractions, there are many exhibits, aquariums, and a trail to a stretch of tropical dry forest. A special water tank, known as "touching pool", allows visitors to directly touch some marine animals, such as sea turtles or starfishes.

</doc>
<doc id="31193074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193074" title="Seismological Society of Japan">
Seismological Society of Japan

The or SSJ is a learned society (professional association) with the goal of advancing the understanding of earthquakes and other seismic phenomena.
History.
John Milne joined James Alfred Ewing and Thomas Lomar Gray and others in founding the Seismological Society in 1880. These men were among the many foreign advisors to the government in Meiji period Japan ("o-yatoi gaikokujin").
The founding president of the society was Ichizō Hattori.
Publications.
The organization publishes the abbreviated at "J Seismol Soc Jpn". The publication is also known as "Zisin", which is a syllabic abbreviation.

</doc>
<doc id="31193082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193082" title="List of buildings and structures in the Central African Republic">
List of buildings and structures in the Central African Republic

A list of notable buildings and structures in the Central African Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="31193083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193083" title="Thomas McCall Cadwalader">
Thomas McCall Cadwalader

Thomas McCall Cadwalader (1795–1873) was an American trained for a lawyer career that became a military leader, making Major general.
Life.
Thomas McCall Cadwalader was born on the family estate called Greenwood in Trenton, New Jersey on September 11, 1795. His father was Lambert Cadwalader (1742–1823) and mother was Mary McCall (1764–1848); he was their only child, except for a brother who died in childhood.
He graduated from Princeton University and read law, but his career was in military service instead of as a practicing lawyer. He was appointed deputy adjutant-general of the New Jersey militia on June 2, 1830. On April 10, 1833, he became Aide-de-camp to Elias P. Seeley with rank of lieutenant colonel. On July 30, 1842, he was promoted to brigadier general. 
In 1856 he toured Europe to report on how the US military could be modernized.
He retired from the military on January 26, 1858. After his retirement he was given an honorary brevet promotion to major general.
Cadwalader died October 22, 1873, and was buried in the Friends Burying Ground at Trenton, New Jersey.
Personal life.
On December 27, 1831, Cadwalader married Maria Charlotte Gouverneur (1801–1867). Her aunt Elizabeth Kortright (1768–1830) had married US President James Monroe, and brother Samuel L. Gouverneur (1799–1865) had married Monroe's daughter. Their children were: Emily, Mary, John, Richard and Maria. Emily Cadwalader was born February 14, 1834, married William Henry Rawle after the death of his first wife, who was her cousin Mary Binney Cadwalader on October 17, 1869. Her step-daughter Mary Cadwalader Rawle (1850–1923), who was also her cousin second removed, married the brother of Edith Wharton.
Mary Cadwalader married physician Silas Weir Mitchell (1829–1914) on June 23, 1875.
Son John Lambert Cadwalader (1836–1914) joined a prominent Wall Street law firm that now bears his name.
Richard McCall Cadwalader was born September 17, 1839. He graduated from Princeton in 1860 and Harvard Law School in 1863. He married Christine Biddle (1847–1900) on November 26, 1873 and died December 9, 1918. Their son also named Richard McCall Cadwalader (1877–1960), married Emily Margaretta Roebling (1879–1941), daughter of Charles Gustavus Roebling (1849–1918), whose father John A. Roebling designed the Brooklyn Bridge.
Daughter Maria Cadwalader was born circa 1841, married John Hone (1844–1915) on April 29, 1880 and died in June 1921. Hone's maternal grandfather was Commodore Matthew C. Perry and his great granduncle was New York mayor Philip Hone. They had a daughter Hester Gouverneur Hone-Bartol.
His cousin Elizabeth Cadwalader (1774–1824) married his uncle Archibald McCall (1767–1843). Many of his cousins once-removed became military leaders, following the footsteps of his father and grandfather.

</doc>
<doc id="31193088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193088" title="2011 IPC Athletics World Championships – Women's shot put">
2011 IPC Athletics World Championships – Women's shot put

The women's shot put at the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships was held at the QEII Stadium from 22–29 January.
F11.
The Women's shot put, F11 was held on January 26
Results.
Final.
Key: CR = Championship Record, SB = Season Best
F12.
The Women's shot put, F12 was held on January 26
F20.
The Women's shot put, F20 was held on January 28
Results.
Final.
Key: SB = Season Best, NM = No Mark
F32/33/34.
The Women's shot put, F32/33/34 was held on January 23 with the medal ceremony on January 24
F32/33/34:
Results.
Final.
Key: WR = World Record, =CR = Equal Championship Record, AR = Area Record, SB = Season Best
F35/36.
The Women's shot put, F35/36 was held on January 27 with the medal ceremony on January 28
F35/36:
Results.
Final.
Key: WR = World Record, SB = Season Best
F37.
The Women's shot put, F37 was held on January 24 with the medal ceremony on January 25
Results.
Final.
Key: CR = Championship Record, SB = Season Best, AR = Area Record
F40.
The Women's shot put, F40 was held on January 23
F40 = dwarfism.
Tunisia's Raoua Tlili took the gold medal, China's Menggenjimisu the silver, while the Moroccan sisters Laila El Garaa and Najat El Garaa placed 3rd and 4th at the event.
Results.
Final.
Key: CR = Championship Record, SB = Season Best, AR = Area Record
F42/44/46.
The Women's shot put, F42/44/46 was held on January 22
F42/44/46:
Results.
Final.
Key: CR = Championship Record, AR = Asian Record
F52/53.
The Women's shot put, F52/53 was held on January 23
F52/53:
Results.
Final.
Key: CR = Championship Record
F54/55/56.
The Women's shot put, F54/55/56 was held on January 29
F54/55/56:
Results.
Final.
Key: CR = Championship Record, SB = Season Best
F57/58.
The Women's shot put, F57/58 was held on January 23
F57/58:
Results.
Final.
Key: WR = World Record, AR = Asian Record

</doc>
<doc id="31193090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193090" title="Kfar Yuval hostage crisis">
Kfar Yuval hostage crisis

The Kfar Yuval hostage crisis, which took place during June 15, 1975, was a raid by a squad of Palestinian militants belonging to the Arab Liberation Front on the Israeli moshav of Kfar Yuval in which the militants took residents as hostages and attempted to bargain for the release of terrorists held in Israeli prisons. One person was killed during the takeover. 
An IDF special unit freed the hostages and killed the four militants the same day. During the operation, an IDF soldier was killed, and his wife, one of the hostages, was fatally wounded.
Details of the attack.
On June 13, 1975 a squad of militants belonging to the Arab Liberation Front militant organization crossed the border from Lebanon, heading towards the Israeli village of Kfar Yuval. The squad, which was hiding in the apple plantations of the village, was not detected by the security forces, although security had been reinforced in the village after the breach in the border fence was discovered. On the night of June 15 four militants infiltrated a house in the village. One of the family members, Nehemiah Joseph, who was an Armored Corps soldier, attempted to stop them, blocking the entry to the house doors by gathering furniture next to the door, but was killed by the militants immediately; the other people in the house were taken hostage.
After Israeli military forces arrived at the scene negotiations with the militants began, with the help of the local resident Rahamim Cohen, who volunteered for the job as he spoke fluent Arabic. The militants presented a proclamation with demands to release terrorists detained in Israeli prisons, including Archbishop Hilarion Capucci and Japanese militant Kōzō Okamoto.
Takeover operation.
Jacob Mordecai, the husband of hostage Simcha Mordecai and a combat soldier in the Golani Brigade in his army service, heard about the hostage-taking while on his way to work and quickly returned to the village, not knowing that his wife and 11-month-old son were among the hostages. He spoke with the commander of the northern command and demanded to be allowed to join the takeover force, mainly because he knew how the rooms in the house were laid out. The commander of the northern command accepted and Jacob joined the takeover operation team.
As the force began breaking into the house they were shot at by the militants. Jacob went ahead of the rest of the takeover team and charged into the house and shot two militants dead, but was himself killed. The rest of the takeover force, encouraged by Mordechai's daring move, broke into the house and in the resulting exchange of fire, killed the rest of the squad.
Jacob Mordecai was killed and Isaac Joseph-Chai, the father of the family taken hostage, and his son Abraham Joseph-Chai were seriously injured during the exchange of fire. Jacob's wife Simcha was also injured, and died the next day in the hospital. Jacob's infant son Assaf was saved because his mother hid him in a washing machine.
Jacob Mordecai was posthumously awarded the Medal of Courage.

</doc>
<doc id="31193115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193115" title="15th Dalai Lama">
15th Dalai Lama

The 15th Dalai Lama refers to the possible successor of the 14th Dalai Lama in a lineage of Dalai Lamas. China plans to control the 15th Dalai Lama. In a 2004 interview with "Time", the current Dalai Lama stated:
On 24 September 2011, the Dalai Lama issued the following statement concerning his reincarnation:
When I am about ninety I will consult the high Lamas of the Tibetan Buddhist traditions, the Tibetan public, and other concerned people who follow Tibetan Buddhism, and re-evaluate whether the institution of the Dalai Lama should continue or not. On that basis we will take a decision. If it is decided that the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama should continue and there is a need for the Fifteenth Dalai Lama to be recognized, responsibility for doing so will primarily rest on the concerned officers of the Dalai Lama’s Gaden Phodrang Trust. They should consult the various heads of the Tibetan Buddhist traditions and the reliable oath-bound Dharma Protectors who are linked inseparably to the lineage of the Dalai Lamas. They should seek advice and direction from these concerned beings and carry out the procedures of search and recognition in accordance with past tradition. I shall leave clear written instructions about this. Bear in mind that, apart from the reincarnation recognized through such legitimate methods, no recognition or acceptance should be given to a candidate chosen for political ends by anyone, including those in the People’s Republic of China. 
The Dalai Lama stated in 2007 that the next Dalai Lama could possibly be a woman, remarking, "If a woman reveals herself as more useful the lama could very well be reincarnated in this form". In 2010 he stated that "twenty or thirty years ago", when discussing whether a woman could be a Dalai Lama in the future, he said yes but "I also said half-jokingly that if the Dalai Lama's reincarnation is female, she must be very attractive. The reason is so that she will have more influence on others. If she is an ugly female, she won’t be very effective, will she? 

</doc>
<doc id="31193145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193145" title="Ole Knudsen Tvedten">
Ole Knudsen Tvedten

Ole Knudsen Tvedten (1757 or 1758 – 1837) was a Norwegian farmer, district sheriff and politician. He was born in Valle. He represented Råbyggelaget at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Thomas Bryn and Even Torkildsen Lande.
His home, the farm Nordigard Tveiten, has been preserved as a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31193149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31193149" title="Francesca Stavrakopoulou">
Francesca Stavrakopoulou

Francesca Stavrakopoulou (born 1975 in Bromley, London with an English mother and a Greek father) is Professor of Hebrew Bible and Ancient Religion in the University of Exeter's Department of Theology and Religion. The main focus of her research is Israelite and Judahite history and religion.
She is noted for her academic and media roles: presenting a three-part television series on the BBC "The Bible's Buried Secrets" (2011; not to be confused with the 2008 NOVA programme of the same name), and for contributions to Channel 4's series "The Bible: A History". She describes herself as "an atheist with huge respect for religion" and regards her work as "a branch of history like any other".
Works.
Her DPhil from the University of Oxford, which examined the creation of an imagined past within the Hebrew Bible, was subsequently published with the title "King Manasseh and Child Sacrifice: Biblical Distortions of Historical Realities".
Her second book was "Land of our Fathers: The Roles of Ancestor Veneration in Biblical Land Claims". She has also co-edited "Religious Diversity in Ancient Israel and Judah" and "Ecological Hermeneutics: Biblical, Historical and Theological Perspectives". She was a junior research fellow at Worcester College, Oxford, before moving to Exeter.
Stavrakopoulou is the secretary of the British-based Society for Old Testament Study, and a member of the European Association of Biblical Studies and of the US-based Society of Biblical Literature.

</doc>
