<doc id="30939480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939480" title="Petrovision">
Petrovision

Petrovision is a Professional Convention (meeting) as well as a technocratic event organized by the Society of Petroleum Technologists (SPT), Branch of Petroleum Refining and Petro Chemicals (Discontinued from 2012), Department of Chemical Engineering, Alagappa College of Technology, Anna University, Chennai. It aims at providing a scaffold for burgeoning technologists and engineers to exhibit their innate abilities and inherent talents and also acts as a liaison between them and the delegates from reputed chemical industries.
Alagappa College of Technology.
Popularly known as A.C. Tech., Alagappa College of Technology, one of the constituent campus of Anna University along with CEG, Chennai was established on 4 September 1978, as a centre for technological excellence. It is located alongside Central Leather Research Institute (CLRI), Indian Institute of Technology Madras (IIT-M). It offers nine UG, PG, Ph.D. courses on Chemical Engineering, Petroleum Refining and Petrochemicals, Industrial Biotechnology, Ceramic Technology, Textile Technology, Apparel Technology, Food Technology, Pharmaceutical technology and Leather Technology.
Petrovision'10 and Petrovision '11 (previous editions).
Petrovision was started in the year 2010 as a one day seminar throwing light upon the recent trends in hydrocarbon processing.
In the year 2011, Petrovision was aggrandized into a two day technical seminar inclusive of exciting events to encourage the student community. The event was inaugurated by Mr. Venkataramana, Director (Operations), Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited followed by his lecture on "Changing Energy Sources". The important aspect of the event was that it had blended management with technology.
Lectures by Lt. Col.Jitendira Prasad, General Manager, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and Chairman for the Chennai Section of Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE); Dr. G.D. Yadhav, Vice Chancellor, Institute of Chemical Technology and Mr. M.Shiva Kumar,Director/ Chief Regional Coordinator, Petroleum Conservation Research Association (PCRA) added color to the event.
Petrovision'11 covered a wide range of current and emerging issues that are prevalent in the minds of Petroleum Engineers, Petrochemists and researchers in our country. It provided a platform for students, teachers and technocrats to discuss and discover problems and opportunities in production and utilization of Energy.
Petrovision'12.
This year Petrovision is off with a bang,bigger and mightier. Petrovision '12 is scheduled to be held 19–20 January 2012. It is proposed to have events such as Technical Seminars, Debate, Paper Presentation, Heat Exchanger Design, Quiz, Industry Defined Problems, etc. The seminars will be covered by experts from various refineries and reputed chemical industries.
Petrovision'13.
As the branch of Petroleum Refining and Petro Chemicals (PRPC) has been discontinued from the year 2012, Petrovision 2013 has been cancelled.
Petrovision'14.
Petrovision 2014 for the academic year 2013-2014 is planned to be conducted on February 5, 6, 2014. Following events are proposed by the student chapter and the necessary steps are taken by Ms.Brindha Lakshmi, Overall In charge of Symposiums, Alagappa College of Technology
Discussion Topics.
1.Coal Gasification Technology.
2.Refinery & Petrochemical Plant Integration.
3.Application of Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD).
4.Polymer Recycling.
5.Understanding Thermal cracking & Hydrocracking Differences.
6.Advanced process control & its Application in Industries.
7.Low-carbon economy.
8.Bottom of the Barrel Processing.

</doc>
<doc id="30939488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939488" title="Arab Media Forum">
Arab Media Forum

Arab Media Forum (Arabic: منتدى الإعلام العربي) is an international media forum organized by Dubai Press Club, founded in 2001 and based at Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="30939489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939489" title="Que me quiten lo bailao">
Que me quiten lo bailao

"Que me quiten lo bailao" (, literally "Let them take away from me what I've danced", a colloquialism that means "They can't take the fun I've had away from me") was the Spanish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany, performed by Lucía Pérez. The song, written and composed by Rafael Artesero, was chosen to be the Spanish entry through the national final "Destino Eurovisión", with 68% of the total votes by the audience.
The song was released as a digital download on 25 March 2011. It is the first song released from her fifth studio album "Cruzo los dedos"
Background.
The song was written and composed by Rafael Artesero, who had already penned the Andorran Eurovision entries of 2005 and 2006 ("La mirada interior" and "Sense tu" respectively), as well as several Spanish national final entries. The author had originally submitted the song to RTVE in English as "Weeping for Joy", but the broadcaster asked him to translate it into Spanish. The composition was one of the three songs assigned to Lucía Pérez for the final of "Destino Eurovisión". In the jury vote where she was left with "Que me quiten lo bailao" out of the three songs, she admitted it was not the song she preferred for not being the style she is used to performing.
Versions.
After the song was chosen to compete at Eurovision, the song was recorded in studio with new arrangements with the help of Jose María “Chema” Purón, Lucía's producer since 2002 and producer and composer of the Spanish Eurovision entries of 1995 and 2000. The song was given a different tonality with the inclusion of Galician folk instruments and some of the lyrics were modified. This version of the song also changes key towards the end, and the section where Pérez sings 'para churu churu...' was cut. The recording of an English version under the title
"I'm over the moon" was announced but did not come to fruition. The Galician language version, titled "Que me quiten o bailao", was first performed by Lucía in a special program aired on TVG on July 25, 2011 to celebrate the Day of Galician Fatherland.
Music video.
The official music video was filmed on 5 March 2011 in Sitges (Barcelona), during its renowned Carnival celebrations. Fans were invited to join the filming in disguise. The video premiered on RTVE's Eurovision website on 11 March 2011.
Eurovision Song Contest.
"Que me quiten lo bailao" was Spain's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. By representing a "big five" country, it was automatically qualified for the final on 14 May 2011. Spain was drawn into position 22 out of the 25 available spots during the running order draw. In the end the song only managed to reach the 23rd place with 50 points. Televoters liked the song better than professional jurors: if only televoting results had been considered, it would have reached 16th place, whereas it was second-to-last in the national juries' voting results.

</doc>
<doc id="30939490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939490" title="Baptists in Kyrgyzstan">
Baptists in Kyrgyzstan

The Baptist Church in Kyrgyzstan is one of the oldest and most widespread Protestant Christian denominations in the country. However recent years have seen a steep decline in membership (3,000 in 2010 compared to 13,000 in 1987). Only about 20% of the members are ethnic Kyrgyz, with the vast majority of the remainder drawn from Russian, German and Korean communities. Heinrich Foth, an ethnic-German is the president of Kyrgyzstan's Baptist Union. 

</doc>
<doc id="30939514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939514" title="Effective topos">
Effective topos

In mathematics, the effective topos is a topos introduced by , based on Kleene's notion of recursive realizability, that captures the idea of effectivity in mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="30939518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939518" title="Luis Stephens">
Luis Stephens

Luis Stephens (born 21 May 1938) is a Mexican fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30939523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939523" title="Living Together">
Living Together

Living Together may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30939529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939529" title="Ariel Beltramo">
Ariel Beltramo

Ariel Beltramo (born August 20, 1969 in Brinkmann, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs in Argentina, Chile, Peru, Italy, Israel, Colombia and Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="30939530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939530" title="Brand report card">
Brand report card

A Brand report card is a process, which may be used by the companies to periodically audit their brands’ strengths and weaknesses on certain relevant product characteristics and comparing these with the strong brands in the same product category.
Kevin Lane Keller in a HBR article (2000)has identified 10 attributes that would measure the strength of the brands and constructed a report card. 
The traits can be listed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30939531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939531" title="Hermilo Leal">
Hermilo Leal

Hermilo Leal (born 21 December 1951) is a Mexican fencer. He competed in the team épée and individual sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30939532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939532" title="Telstra Ballet Dancer Awards">
Telstra Ballet Dancer Awards

The Telstra Ballet Dancer Award has been made annually since 2003, in support of the aspirations of The Australian Ballet's elite young dancers. The winner receives a cash prize of $20,000. This is the biggest prize available specifically to a dancer in Australia.
Nominees are selected by The Australian Ballet and previous award winners. They are judged on "the artistic quality of their work, the strength of a written submission, their personal development, and future potential."
The awards are announced after the final curtain on an opening night in early December in the Opera Theatre, Sydney Opera House.
The 2010 announcement of both Award winners was made on the opening night of "The Nutcracker" on 3 December 2010. For the first time since the inauguration of the awards, the judging panel was unable to separate two dancers for the main award, and each received $20,000.
The 2011 awards were announced on the opening night of "Romeo & Juliet" (choreography by Graeme Murphy) on 2 December.
The 2012 Award winners were announced on the Sydney opening night of Stephen Baynes' "Swan Lake" on 30 November.
The 2013 awards were announced on the opening night of "Cinderella" (choreography by Alexei Ratmansky) on 29 November. 
Telstra People's Choice Award.
In addition, the Telstra People's Choice Award, with a cash prize of $5,000, is made to the most popular of the nominees in that year, as determined by internet and SMS votes from the public. Since 2010, competitors report on their activities via an individual Twitter account as part of the competition, and in 2013 competitors began using Instagram as a publicity tool. Amber Scott was the first dancer to win both awards (in 2004) and Stephanie Williams the second (in 2009); Chengwu Guo the first male dancer to win both. Amy Harris and Danielle Rowe have each won the People's Choice Award twice.
Nominees.
The nominees for these awards are normally announced each February.
The 2013 nominees were announced on 13 February 2013 and were Benedicte Bemet, Cameron Hunter, Natasha Kusen, Christopher Rodgers-Wilson, Sharni Spencer, and Valerie Tereshchenko.
The 2012 nominees were Dimity Azoury, Calvin Hannaford, Amy Harris, Ako Kondo, Jarryd Madden and Jake Mangakahia.
The 2011 nominees were announced at a full meeting of The Australian Ballet's company and artistic staff on 15 February. They were Brett Chynoweth, Chengwu Guo, Rudy Hawkes, Robyn Hendricks, Luke Marchant and Karen Nanasca.
The 2010 nominees were Amy Harris, Ty King-Wall, Miwako Kubota, Natasha Kusen, Dana Stephensen, and Vivienne Wong.
The 2009 nominees were Juliet Burnett (current senior artist), Robyn Hendricks (current soloist), Andrew Killian (current principal artist), Leanne Stojmenov, Laura Tong (current soloist) and Stephanie Williams (corps de ballet, American Ballet Theatre).
The 2008 nominees were Tzu-Chao Chou (first soloist, Birmingham Royal Ballet), Amy Harris (current senior artist), Reiko Hombo (current senior artist), Kevin Jackson, Ty King-Wall (current principal artist) and Andrew Wright (current soloist).
The 2007 nominees were Jane Casson, Daniel Gaudiello (current principal artist), Rudy Hawkes (current senior artist), Robyn Hendricks (current soloist), Luke Ingham (San Francisco Ballet), and Leanne Stojmenov.
The 2006 nominees were Adam Bull, Annabel Bronner Reid, Andrew Killian (current principal artist), Gina Brescianini (retired, Kundalini yoga teacher), Kevin Jackson (current principal artist), and Madeleine Eastoe.
The 2005 nominees were Marc Cassidy (retired but still dancing), Gaylene Cummerfield (retired mid-2012 as principal artist, Birmingham Royal Ballet), Lana Jones (current principal artist), Paul Knobloch (Alonzo King LINES Ballet), Danielle Rowe, and Leanne Stojmenov (current principal artist).
The 2004 nominees were Adam Bull (current principal artist), Jane Casson (retired, Pilates instructor), Craig Cathcart (Norwegian National Ballet), Miwako Kubota (current senior artist), Rachel Rawlins (retired principal artist), and Amber Scott (current principal artist).
The inaugural nominees, in 2003, were Olivia Bell (retired principal artist), Annabel Bronner Reid (Bloch International), Madeleine Eastoe (current principal artist), Tim Harbour (retired, now choreographer), Matthew Lawrence (principal artist Queensland Ballet, formerly Birmingham Royal Ballet), and Danielle Rowe (Nederlands Dans Theater).

</doc>
<doc id="30939537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939537" title="Estacado, Texas">
Estacado, Texas

Estacado is a ghost town in Crosby and Lubbock counties in the U.S. state of Texas. Located along Farm to Market Road 1527, it was established in 1879 as a Religious Society of Friends (Quaker) colony by Paris Cox and originally named Maryetta after his wife. In 1886, it became the first government seat of Crosby County. In 1936, Recorded Texas Historic Landmark number 4779 was designated to commemorate the founding of Estacado.
Paris Cox.
Paris Cox (1846–1888) was born one of six children in a devout Religious Society of Friends family near Asheboro, North Carolina. During the Civil War, Cox was given a legal exemption from military service, based on the Quaker precept of pacifism.
As treasurer of the North Carolina fellowship of Quakers, Cox was instrumental in helping the Religious Society of Friends, known as Quakers, find a favorable location for both farming and freedom from religious persecution. Their first move from North Carolina was to Indiana. Cox married Mary C. Ferguson during the sojourn in Westfield, Indiana.
After some investigation, Cox purchased several thousand acres in Texas in 1877 and 1878, at twenty-five cents an acre. He first saw the Llano Estacado in 1878 when guided by buffalo hunters. There he met local rancher Henry Clay Smith. Cox arranged for Smith to plant experimental crops on some acreage and send the results to Cox in Indiana.
Establishment.
During the winter of 1879, the first white agricultural settlers began to move into the Texas south plains. The first families were named Cox, Stubbs, Spray and Hayworth. Paris Cox first named the area Maryetta (or Marietta) after his wife. Cox had the only real home when he built a sod house. The other families were ill-prepared for the harsh winter months, and only had tents for living quarters. With the spring thaw, the original colonists deserted the area. Only the Cox family remained.
Determined to succeed, Cox stayed and eventually brought in a successful crop. Dr. William Hunt, who would become Postmaster in 1884, visited the area and later wrote:
The colony began to be repopulated by new families in 1881.
In 1886, Crosby County was organized, and Estacado became the county seat. In 1888, $10,000 in bonds was issued to erect a courthouse.
The town flourished for some years, and by 1890 the population was reported at 200.
Post office.
A post office was established in 1881, with George W. Singer as postmaster. The town name was changed from Maryetta to Estacaddo. In 1884, the spelling was changed to Estacado. The last Estacado postmaster was John A. Eaves, when, on September 24, 1918, the post office was discontinued and mail service routed to Petersburg.
Education.
The Quakers established Crosby County's first education system in 1882, when Emma Hunt taught six students in a sod dugout. Two years later, the classes moved to the Quaker meeting house and the students were given patent desks. The year 1886 saw two teachers earning $45 a month to instruct thirty-two students. In 1889, the Quakers established the Central Plains Academy, with the Harvard University and Johns Hopkins University educated Rev. Jesse Moore as president of the college. Mrs. Moore, who also had a degree from Johns Hopkins University, taught music, voice and violin classes. E.C. and Elva Lewis, graduates of William Penn University, were additional instructors at the college. The twenty-by-sixty-foot frame building held 100 students at its peak. Eighteen students graduated from the college before a dwindling community population caused it to close in 1893.
New county seat and decline.
Paris Cox died of throat cancer in 1888, and was buried at Estacado Cemetery.
Estacado store owners R. L. Stringfellow and H. E. Hume founded the Crosby County town of Emma in 1890. The new settlements began to attract Estacado residents who had been discouraged by harsh environmental conditions. On October 14, 1891, a county-wide election was held on where the county seat should be located. Estacado lost to Emma by only six votes. The Estacado courthouse building was moved to Emma, and much of the population along with it.
Estacado continued to suffer. The Quakers moved elsewhere. In the early part of the 20th Century, the population again saw an increase, but never again saw as many residents as it had in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="30939544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939544" title="Roberto Alva">
Roberto Alva

Roberto Alva (born 10 September 1951) is a Mexican fencer. He competed in the individual sabre event at the 1972 Summer Olympics, held in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="30939545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939545" title="2006 Copa Indonesia final">
2006 Copa Indonesia final

The Copa Indonesia 2006 final was a football match which was played on 16 September, 2006. It was the second final of the Piala Indonesia. The match was played at the Delta Stadium in Sidoarjo and was contested by Persipura Jayapura of Papua and Arema Malang from East Java. For Arema, this was the second appearance in the final of the Piala Indonesia tournament, after consecutive Piala Indonesia finals in 2005, with two trophies being won in 2005. Persipura was a debutant of the final stage.
The winners entered the group stage of the 2007 AFC Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="30939546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939546" title="Tykhon Zhylyakov">
Tykhon Zhylyakov

Tykhon Zhylyakov (9 July 1968 – 18 February 2011) was the Eastern Orthodox bishop of Kremenchuk and Lubny, Ukraine, of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church.
He died on 18 February 2011 at the age of 42.

</doc>
<doc id="30939556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939556" title="Łukasz Matusiak">
Łukasz Matusiak

Łukasz Matusiak (born May 7, 1985) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
Career.
Club.
In February 2011, he was released from Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała. After tests, he signed contract with Polonia Bytom.

</doc>
<doc id="30939565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939565" title="René Drouart de Bousset">
René Drouart de Bousset

René Drouard de Bousset (1703–1760) was a French Baroque composer and organist.
He was the son of Jean-Baptiste Drouard de Bousset (d. 1725), minor nobility and "maître de musique" of the chapelle of the Louvre. 
René was a pupil of Nicolas Bernier. He was organist of Saint-André-des-Arts, Paris, then simultaneously co-organist with Armand-Louis Couperin at Notre Dame de Paris and the church of Saint Merry from 1755 to 1760. He was a Jansenist and noted for a series of publications of cantatas on biblical subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="30939576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939576" title="Lakland Hollowbody">
Lakland Hollowbody

The Lakland Hollowbody is a dual-pickup, hollow-body electric bass guitar made by Chicago-based Lakland Musical Instruments and designed in conjunction with luthier Michael Tobias.
Available in a U.S.-made model as well as mid-priced Skyline series models built originally in South Korea and later in Indonesia, the 34-inch scale bass is constructed of carved mahogany for the back and sides and of maple for the top and neck. The fingerboard is made of rosewood. Current models are equipped with two of Lakland's Chi-Sonic pickups. The body of the bass is completely hollow with no supporting center block.

</doc>
<doc id="30939580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939580" title="Come Rain, Come Shine">
Come Rain, Come Shine

Come Rain, Come Shine (; literally "I Love You, I Love You Not") is a 2011 South Korean film by Lee Yoon-ki. A young woman (Im Soo-jung) informs her husband of five years (Hyun Bin) that she is leaving him for another man, but the husband remains calm and even helps her pack. The experimental film traces in real-time parts of their last three hours together while the wife prepares to move out. The film premiered in competition at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival in 2011.
Plot.
The film opens with a 9-minute long take of a married couple riding in a car together. After several minutes of small talk, the woman (Im Soo-jung) tells the man (Hyun Bin) that she's leaving him for another man. The rest of the film takes place in the couple's home during a rainstorm on their last day together, as the husband helps his wife pack. Various quiet, introspective scenes show them doing things such as making coffee, smoking a cigarette, and reminiscing over nostalgic items. While eating together, the woman asks the man why he isn't angry with her, saying that he has a right to be. The man says that he knows she doesn't change her mind when she decides on something and feels that he is partially to blame for their rift. She then accuses the man of being selfish for acting as "the perfect man" during their breakup. Their conversation is interrupted by the meowing of a lost kitten outside. They bring it inside, but it escapes and hides elsewhere in the house. Soon, their neighbors come looking for the kitten and are invited inside. Strained conversation ensues, and the neighbors inform the couple that the rain has flooded the roads, preventing travel to Seoul. The husband answers a phone call from his wife's new lover and passes it to her. She tells him she'll have to put off leaving until the next day due to the flooding. He asks her, "Is there anything holding you back?" To which she doesn't answer. The neighbors leave without the kitten, telling the couple to call them when it comes out. Now unable to go to their planned dinner reservation, the couple prepares dinner together. The man begins sniffling while cutting onions, and goes to the bathroom to wash his eyes, silently standing while letting the faucet run. The film ends with the kitten coming out of hiding and the woman telling it that everything is going to be okay.
Production.
Director Lee Yoon-ki is known for his delicate portrayal of emotions. The three-hour confrontation between the couple on screen is told almost in real-time. He recommended the audience become immersed in the emotional exchange between wife and husband. "I wanted to reveal a sense of loneliness between the two characters and the actors successfully portrayed the subtle sentiment," Lee said. "The house itself is the third character in this movie, as memories are compiled within." Lee said he is drawn to simple and plain narratives ("the more I have things to say") and is more interested in character-driven pieces. He based the film on the Japanese short story "A Cat That Cannot Return" by Inoue Areno. 
The two actors joined Lee’s project without pay. Lim said, "There are many producers and directors dedicated to the diversity of Korean movies, but many productions are in financial trouble. I was happy to support a movement to make better movies. It was a great opportunity to work on an experimental film with such a talented actor and wonderful director." 
Hyun Bin said, "Anyone can easily empathize with the experience of breaking up, which is heartbreaking but at the same time opens up the possibility for new beginnings and new kinds of joy." Im added, "There is no right answer in love."
Reception.
"The Hollywood Reporter" gave a negative review of the film, summarizing it as "a film so subdued and delicately wrought it will go unnoticed by most audiences."

</doc>
<doc id="30939584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939584" title="Musi Rawas Regency">
Musi Rawas Regency

Musi Rawas Regency is a regency of South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 12,365.8 km² and a population of 454,142 as of 2000. The capital lies at Muara Beliti Baru.
History.
In February 2010, Musi Rawas was subject to serious flooding which submerged over 6000 homes and affected thousands of hectares of land.
On April 29, 2013 there were a clash between people from North Musi Rawas who blocade national road Jambi-Palembang v.v. with policemen who want to open the blocade after 11 hours negotiation failed. 4 people dead and 6 policemen is shot with traditional guns by protesters. People from North Musi Rawas want a new regency split from the current Musi Rawas Regency. A new regency, called Muratara Regency, was created in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30939598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939598" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Burke County, Georgia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Burke County, Georgia

This is a list of properties and districts in Burke County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).

</doc>
<doc id="30939603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939603" title="Sofreh Mahi">
Sofreh Mahi

Sofreh Mâhi (, "Eagle ray") is an Iranian stealth UCAV under development. Little is known about the drone but scaled down mock-ups shown during Iranian Army Day 2010 parade show that it has a flat diamond shape body with twin vertical stabilizers. First reference to the drone was given by Lieutenant Commander of the Iranian Air Force General Aziz Nasirzadeh who reported that the first tests of the drone were finished.
Development.
Iran officially stated that it is working on a stealth UCAV named Sofreh Mahi on 7 Feb. 2010. Iranian officials reported that the drone has a shape similar to the Eagle ray resulting in the drone being called the "Sofreh Mahi" (the Persian for "Eagle Ray"). The drone is also made out of special materials that absorb radar energy. These two features give it the ability to evade enemy radars.
General Aziz Nasirzadeh, Lieutenant Commander of the Iranian Army Air Force, stated that the UAV 'Sofreh Mahi' has been designed and manufactured for reconnaissance and bombing missions, considering its radar-evading capability. 
General Nasirzadeh also announced that once the aircraft passes further tests, and its features and capabilities are completed, the Defense Ministry will begin the production. "Production of the actual size as well as mounting and testing weapons and a number of systems on the aircraft are the next phases before we can start its mass production", Nasirzadeh said.
In February 2011 Iran announced that it is going to build and test a real scale model of the plane, however this is a long process and can take a long time to finish. Nasirzadeh said that "It is just one of Iran's UAV projects and one of our goals is to produce such planes. Because the world is moving towards that direction."

</doc>
<doc id="30939604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939604" title="Ponnam Mangalam">
Ponnam Mangalam

Ponnammangalam () is a village thai is located in the administrative division of Arcot taluk in Vellore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="30939615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939615" title="Lasallia pustulata">
Lasallia pustulata

Lasallia pustulata is a species of lichen in the Umbilicariaceae family of fungi. It is the type species of its genus Lasallia.

</doc>
<doc id="30939637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939637" title="José Reis (kickboxer)">
José Reis (kickboxer)

José 'The Devil's Advocate' Reis (born 30 June 1977) is a Portuguese Muay Thai kickboxer of Cape Verdian descent fighting out of Lisbon, Portugal for Olival Gym at either welterweight or super middleweight. He is the 2010 W.F.C.A. Full Contact world champion and a x2 K-1 MAX regional champion who has fought for both the K-1 MAX and SuperLeague organizations. His younger brother, Luis Reis, is also a successful kickboxer.
Biography and career.
In his early years José had a successful spell as an amateur winning three Iberian championships and a gold medal in the I.M.T.F. European championships as well as a number of bronze medals in various W.A.K.O. and I.M.T.F. European/world championships. In 2002 he won his first professional title at the K-1 Spain MAX 2002, where he defeated Ante Bilić in the final of the eight man tournament.
In 2004 he won his second K-1 MAX tournament, this time in held in Portugal, defeating his own brother Luis in the semi finals. Despite winning another regional tournament José would not be given the chance to qualify for the K-1 MAX final. In 2005 he signed up with the recently created SuperLeague organization and he had ten fights within the organization between 2005 and 2006, winning four and losing six. His highlight was a runner up position at the SuperLeague Elimination 2006 tournament losing to Jordan Tai in the final. 
After the SuperLeague organizations demise at the end of 2006 José won the W.F.C.A. European title and had a spell with the Steko's Fight Night and KlasH promotions, losing out to Yohan Lidon in a fight for the W.K.A. world title. He also returned to amateur action in 2007, picking up a bronze medal and then a silver the following year at the W.A.K.O. European championships. In 2010 he had his most recent success, defeating Gago Drago via controversial decision to claim the W.F.C.A. world title.
Titles.
Professional
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="30939646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939646" title="Jean-Charles Seneca">
Jean-Charles Seneca

Jean-Charles Seneca (born 23 October 1945) is a Monégasque fencer. He competed in the individual épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was also Monaco's flag bearer during the Opening Ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="30939664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939664" title="Newfoundland expedition (disambiguation)">
Newfoundland expedition (disambiguation)

Newfoundland expedition may refer to any of several military expeditions conducted on and around the island of Newfoundland throughout its history:

</doc>
<doc id="30939673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939673" title="Smedley Crooke">
Smedley Crooke

Sir John Smedley Crooke (1861 – 13 October 1951) was a British politician. He was Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Birmingham Deritend from 1922 to 1929, and from 1931 to 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="30939678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939678" title="Jean-Baptiste Drouart de Bousset">
Jean-Baptiste Drouart de Bousset

Jean-Baptiste Drouard de Bousset (1662 - 3 October 1725) was a French baroque composer.
He was born in Asnières, of minor nobility, and became "maître de musique" of the chapelle of the Louvre. He died in Paris.
His son René Drouard de Bousset was a noted organist who also published two series of cantatas on biblical subjects.
Works, editions, recordings.
Works
Recordings

</doc>
<doc id="30939686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939686" title="Ogan Komering Ilir Regency">
Ogan Komering Ilir Regency

Ogan Komering Ilir Regency is a regency of South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 17,058.32 km² and a population of 726,659 at the 2010 Census. The capital lies at Kayu Agung. The regency contains the Ogan-Komering lebaks, or floodplain lakes, an area of wetland covering about 200,000 hectares.Major crops include coffee, sugar cane, oil palm, rubber, cacao, pineapple, tea and fish.

</doc>
<doc id="30939704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939704" title="Blue Train (Turkey)">
Blue Train (Turkey)

The Blue Train () was the Turkish State Railways premier passenger train service in the 1980s and early 1990s. The first Blue Train operated between İstanbul and Ankara, entering service in 1979. More Blue Train services were added later on. The İzmir Blue Train, Central Anatolia Blue Train, Çukurova Blue Train and 4th of September Blue Train all were overnight trains. These trains had custom railcars, built by TÜVASAŞ, all painted blue with a blue painted DE 24000 series locomotive pulling the train.

</doc>
<doc id="30939712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939712" title="Nahuel Huapi National Park">
Nahuel Huapi National Park

Established in 1934, the Nahuel Huapi National Park is the oldest national park in Argentina. It surrounds Nahuel Huapi Lake in the foothills of the Patagonian Andes. The largest of the national parks in the region, it has an area of , or nearly 2 million acres. Its landscapes represent the north Patagonian Andean Zone consisting of three types, namely, the Altoandino (with perpetual snow above an altitude of ), the Andino-Patagónico (in the lower reaches of the hills) and the Patagonian steppe. I't also represents small parts of the Valdivian Rainforest.
The park and the reserve lie at an altitude of , and are designated under IUCN management categories II (National Park) and IV (Management Reserve). The park is completely protected while the reserve is partially protected. The national park is dominated by the high mountain chain of the Andes, many lakes, rapid rivers, waterfalls, snow-clad peaks, glaciers and extensive forests. It is bordered by Chile on its western side.
Etymology.
The park derives its name from the lake which it surrounds, namely the "Nahuel Huapi". In the Mapuche language, "nahuel" means "jaguar" and "huapi" means "island".
History.
The earliest discovery of Nahuel Huapi by the non-indigenous peoples is linked to the historical legend of South America, namely, the "Ciudad de Los Cesares" and the early Jesuit settlers.
In 1903, Perito Moreno donated of land in the area to the federal government. A decree of February 1, 1909 recognized that the area needed protection but it was not until October 9, 1934 that both Nahuel Huapi National Park and Iguazu National Park were established. In contrast to subtropical Iguazú National Park, however, temperate Nahuel Huapi National Park was believed to be able to compete with the tourism of Europe and was therefore, along with Bariloche, prioritized by national tourism development planners. In the first year of the National Park Service, 1935, several regulations were implemented that affected Nahuel Huapi. These included construction code, sport fishing, standardization of drinking water sanitation, and issuance of vendor permits. The area opened up for mountain climbing and other recreational activities after the park was established.
Geography.
The park covers approximately . It is located in the southwest section of the Neuquén and northwest section of the Río Negro provinces, bordering with Chile. The park has two zones: the park and the natural reserve with development concentrated in the reserve. The largest city and a base for tourism is San Carlos de Bariloche, which is surrounded by the park. San Carlos de Bariloche is the main hub when visiting the lake, and is known as the "Gateway to Patagonia", the "Chocolate Capital" and the "Honeymoon Capital" of Argentina. However, the city and other settlements are zoned outside the limits of the park. A further subzoning into the north, south and southern zones has been implemented with an exclusive recreational area named the Cerro Cathedral. Villa La Angostura is another lakeside resort also within the boundaries of the park.
The area is known as the Argentine Lake District, as there are many lakes in the park, including Nahuel Huapi, Mascardi, Gutiérrez, Traful, Guillelmo, and Perito Moreno Lakes. Cerro Catedral is a high peak within the park and an important ski resort. Cerro Tronador, on the Chilean border, is the highest mountain in the park at . Bordering the park to the north is the Lanín National Park.
Geological formations in the park and the reserve are generally tertiary rocks of volcanic origin coupled with andacites and porphyrys. The cliffs of the San Pedro Peninsula depict eroded glacial features and the lakes also show many glacial effects.
The park has widely varying climatic conditions with the annual precipitation ranging between . It rains more towards the Chilean border.
Lake Nahuel Huapi.
Lake Nahuel Huapi is the largest and deepest clear water lake in the lake district of Argentina, with a depth of , . Located at the foot of the Andes Mountains at an altitude of , it measures . The lake was discovered by the Jesuit priest Nicolás Mascardi in 1670 who also built a chapel on the Huemul Peninsula of the lake. The lake extends across the border with Chile, and includes many fjords and the Valdivian temperate rain forest. The southern shore of the lake has many hotels and restaurant catering to the tourist industry. The Quetrihué Peninsula in the north of the lake has been set aside as a separate national park, Los Arrayanes National Park. The lake has many islands. The Forest Research station is located on one of them, Victoria Island, which is a natural reserve approachable by boats. Huemul Island hosted the Huemul Project, the Argentinean secret research project on nuclear fusion in 1949–1952.
Bariloche.
San Carlos de Bariloche is located on the southern shore of Lake Nahuel Huapi. The town was established in 1902. However, its importance as tourist hub grew after the 1930s when the national park surrounding it was established. It is well known as the "Honeymoon Capital of Argentina", apart from its fame for its chocolate manufacturing industry. Its stretch below the Andes mountains is bounded on the south by Lago Mascardi and on the north by the Villa Traful. North of the city the Seven Lakes road provides scenic vistas of landscapes. Glaciers and waterfalls, which are near to the Pampa Lenda, are located to the west of Bariloche. It is also the base for mountaineering trips to high Mount Tronador (also known as the Thunderer as ice falling produces such sounds) of extinct volcanic origin. The town is well-connected by air, rail and road transport; the airport is to the east of the town; and the train and bus stations are to the east. The Cerro Catedral mountain peak is the snow sports center, with many skiing runs, which is from Bariloche.
Flora and fauna.
The park's ecology consists of Patagonian steppe at lower elevations and Valdivian temperate forests at higher elevations. It is notable for its rich wildlife due to its many biotopes, attributed to the varied altitude and precipitation range.
Xerophytic Patagonian flora is dominant in the eastern half of the park while the western half is covered profusely with temperate rain forests. The dominant tree species in the park are the lengas, coihue, and the ñires. Other varieties of trees seen in the park are the Chilean cedar ("Austrocedrus chilensis"), Winter’s bark ("Drimys winteri"), "Myrceugenella apiculata," "Lomatia ferruginea", "Lomatia hirsuta", "Alstroemeria aurantica," "Fuchsia megellanica", bamboo "Chusquea culcou", "Mitraria cocinea" and "Embothrium coccineum". The alerce or Patagonian cypress is a slow-growing conifer which is also present. Other flora include arrayanes, coihues, ferns, the caña colihue reeds, amancayes and arvejillas. The llao llao fungus has irregular growth patterns on the trees and is a symbol of the area; it is also the name of the Llao Llao Hotel, a famous resort. The Valdivian rain forests is well forested with fine arrayan trees with crumbling bark. In the high rain fall zones close to the Chilean border there is profusion of 450 years old coihue trees (small leaved evergreen beeches). alerce South American Spanish name) of 1500 year vintage are seen spread throughout the park. Bamboo cane grows in abundance.
Animals include river otters ("Lontra longicaudis"), southern Andean huemuls "(Hippocamelus bisulcus"), pudus (small deer), foxes, cougars, guanacos and maras. Huillin ("Lontra provocax"), an endangered native otter, has been reported in the park. Avifauna reported include Magellanic Woodpeckers, green Austral Parakeets, geese, ducks, swans, blue-eyed cormorants, Andean condors ("Vultur gryphus") and Green-backed Firecrowns ("Saphonoides sephaniodes"). Amphibian fauna reported are "Hylorina sylvatica" and "Bufo spinolosus". Five genera and 32 species of Simuliidae (black fly) have been recorded. These genera are "Cnesia", "Cnesiamima", "Gigantodax", "Paraustrasimulium", and "Simulium" ("Pternaspatha"), a subgenus of "Simulium" with 19 species; these account for 57% of the Simuliidae fauna found in Argentina.
Nahuelito is a lake monster named after the Nahuel Huapi Lake as its sighting in the lake is reported widely. Whether it is a fact or fiction, its sighting has been reported by local people and tourists with widely varying descriptions mentioning a “giant water snake with humps and fish-like fins to a swan with a snake's head, the overturned hull of a boat, and the stump of a tree”. Its length is also reported in the range of . Reported widely since the 1920s, predating Nessie and the book titled The Lost World (Arthur Conan Doyle), Nahuelito is described as “an Argentinean media star.”
Recreation.
The park offers many avenues for recreation. Particular places of interest in this context are the Tronador, Puerto Blest, Victoria Island and the road to the 7 Lakes. Other options for recreation are available at the Cerro Catedral, Lopez and Punta Negra. Most of the recreation facility revolves around trekking of high mountain and steep hills apart from rafting, skiing in Cerro Catedral, kayaking in Pura Vida, mountain biking, rock-climbing, kit surfing, canopy, paragliding, golf at Llao Llao, trekking on a number of routes, ferry services from Puerto Rias.
Some of the well-developed routes for mountaineering are: The climb to the Thunderer volcano, which has several trails that reach up to the large glaciers; trails to the Tronador (an extinct volcano); the trails that link the San Martin shelter and Manfredo Segre (Black Lagoon); treks to San Martín and Manfredo Segre (Laguna Negra); to Lopez and to the viewpoint of the Stone of Habsburg, the walk of Paso de las Nubes Puerto Frías linking to Pampa Linda; to the valley and the ridge of Mount Rucaco Black Gap; and to Frey and San Martín (Jakoh lagoon), which passes by the edge of Cerro Catedral.
The trekking routes have accommodation facilities at several locations and the treks depend on fitness and the distance varies from a minimum of to a maximum of involving 1-2-3 and more than 4 days of trekking. The treks are graded under four categories depending on the terrain and the difficulty of climbing rugged hills of heights varying from .

</doc>
<doc id="30939716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939716" title="Marián Tomčák">
Marián Tomčák

Marián Tomčák (born 13 July 1980) is a retired Slovak football striker.
He previously played with Inter Bratislava, MFK Ružomberok, FC Spartak Trnava and MFK Petržalka in the Slovak Superliga, and with NK Rudar Velenje in the Slovenian First League.

</doc>
<doc id="30939719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939719" title="2011 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles Qualifying">
2011 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="30939720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939720" title="2014 NHL Entry Draft">
2014 NHL Entry Draft

The 2014 NHL Entry Draft was the 52nd NHL Entry Draft. The draft was held on June 27–28, 2014 at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The top three selections were Aaron Ekblad, Sam Reinhart, and Leon Draisaitl.
Eligibility.
Ice hockey players born between January 1, 1994, and September 15, 1996, are eligible for selection in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft. Additionally, un-drafted, non-North American players born in 1993 are eligible for the draft; and those players who were drafted in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft, but not signed by an NHL team and who were born after June 30, 1994, are also eligible to re-enter the draft.
Draft lottery.
Since the 2012–13 NHL season all fourteen teams not qualifying for the Stanley Cup playoffs have a "weighted" chance at winning the first overall selection. The Florida Panthers won the 2014 draft lottery that took place on April 15, 2014, thus moving them from the second-overall pick to the first-overall pick.
Top prospects.
The ISS has updated their final rankings as of 6/3/14, which can be found here: http://www.tsn.ca/draftcentre/feature/?id=114013
Selections by round.
The order of the 2014 Entry Draft is listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="30939729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939729" title="Ogan Ilir Regency">
Ogan Ilir Regency

Ogan Ilir Regency is a regency of South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has a population of 356,983. The capital lies at Indralaya. During the 2010 elections, the Indonesian Democratic Party – Struggle (PDI-P) nominated noted TV quiz host Helmi Yahya as the candidate for Ogan Ilir.

</doc>
<doc id="30939737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939737" title="The Private Life of Cinema">
The Private Life of Cinema

The Private Life of Cinema () is a 2011 documentary by Quebec film director and producer Denys Desjardins.
Plot.
An in-depth two part exploration of the evolution of the private film industry, through the eyes of more than 50 industry professionals. Part one : Artists and professionals from both social and commercial cinema tell the story of the struggle to build a private but Statefunded film industry. Part two : Managers, politicians and professionals talk about the origins of the majors funding institutions and discuss the perverse effects of building a cultural industry on the basis of performance metrics, revenues and private profits.

</doc>
<doc id="30939738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939738" title="OK Liga Femenina">
OK Liga Femenina

OK Liga Femenina is a Spanish rink hockey league for womens. It held since 2008. It is the women's version of OK Liga.
Competition format.
The championship is played through 26 matchdays in a round-robin format, a format quite common in other sports as football. The top team when finished to play the 26 machtdays is the champion.
Conversely, the last team qualified is relegated to Primera División.
Points are awarded as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30939744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939744" title="Hugh Montgomery, 1st Earl of Mount Alexander">
Hugh Montgomery, 1st Earl of Mount Alexander

Hugh Montgomery, 1st Earl of Mount Alexander (c. 1623 – 15 September 1663), known as The Viscount Montgomery from 1642 to 1661, was an Irish peer. He was appointed to command his father's regiment, 1642. He was commander-in-chief of the Royalist army in Ulster in 1649 and seized successively Belfast, Antrim, and Carrickfergus. He surrendered to Oliver Cromwell, and was banished to Holland. At the Restoration in 1660 he was appointed life master of ordnance in Ireland and one year later created Earl of Mount Alexander.
Biography.
Hugh Montgomery was born about 1623, was eldest son of Hugh Montgomery, 2nd Viscount Montgomery, and his wife, Jean Alexander, eldest daughter of Sir William Alexander, 1st Earl of Stirling. In his childhood his left side was severely injured by a fall, and an extensive abscess was formed, which on healing left a large cavity through which the action of the heart could be plainly discerned He wore a metal plate over the opening.
Notwithstanding his deformity, he had a fairly good constitution, and before reaching his twentieth year travelled through France and Italy. On his return he was brought to Charles I at Oxford, who was curious to see the strange phenomenon presented in Montgomery's case. He remained some days with the king, and went home, after receiving tokens of the royal favour, and giving assurances of his own loyalty.
By this time the Irish rebellion of 1641 had broken out, and Montgomery's father had raised troops in maintenance of the royal authority, but he died suddenly on 15 November 1642. Montgomery succeeded as 3rd Viscount, and was appointed to the command of his father's regiment. Under Scottish Major-General Robert Monro, who married his mother, Montgomery fought at the Battle of Benburb in June 1646. The king's troops were defeated, and the Viscount, when heading a charge of cavalry, was made prisoner. He was sent to Clochwater Castle, where he remained until October 1647, when he was exchanged for Richard, 2nd Earl of Westmeath.
Montgomery took a leading part in proclaiming Charles II at Newtownards in February 1649. At the same time the Solemn League and Covenant was renewed, and General George Monck, refusing either to take the covenant or declare for the king, was forced out of Ulster.Montgomery was thereupon commissioned by the king as commander-in-chief of the royal army in Ulster (14 May 1649), with instructions to co-operate with James, Marquis of Ormonde; and in the warlike operations which followed, he successively seized Belfast, Antrim, and Carrickfergus, and, passing through Coleraine, laid siege to Londonderry. After a four month investiture, however, he was compelled to retire, but joined Ormonde, and aided him in his final efforts against the English Commonwealth.
Forced at last to surrender to Cromwell, he was, after appearing before Parliament in London, banished to Holland, under strict prohibition from corresponding with Charles II. In 1652 he solicited and received permission to return to London, and after much delay was allowed subsistence for himself and his family out of his confiscated estates. He was afterwards permitted to return to Ireland, and lived there under strict surveillance, and for a time was imprisoned in Kilkenny Castle.
On the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 Montgomery visited King Charles II at Whitehall. He was appointed for life master of ordnance in Ireland (12 September 1660), was placed on the commission for the settlement of Irish affairs (19 February 1661), and was created Earl of Mount Alexander on 20 June 1661. He died suddenly at Dromore on 15 September 1663, while engaged in investigating Major Blood's plot. He was buried in the chancel of the church at Newtownards.
Family.
In personal appearance Montgomery is described as of medium height, ruddy complexioned, with curly reddish hair and a quick grey eye. He was twice married:

</doc>
<doc id="30939745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939745" title="Eduard Ham">
Eduard Ham

Eduard Ham (born 14 May 1950) is a Dutch fencer. He competed in the individual sabre event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30939751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939751" title="Infinity chili">
Infinity chili

The Infinity Chili pepper is a chili pepper created in England by chili breeder Nick Woods of Fire Foods, Grantham, Lincolnshire.
For two weeks in February 2011, the Infinity Chili held the Guinness World Record title for the world's hottest chili with a Scoville scale rating of 1,067,286 Scoville Heat Units (SHU). On February 25, 2011, it was displaced by the Naga Viper pepper, which registered 1,382,118 SHU.
Testing.
Testing of the chilli's Scoville rating was carried out at the University of Warwick's Crop Centre during March, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30939752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939752" title="The Debt (2007 film)">
The Debt (2007 film)

Ha-Hov, aka HaChov, or in English, The Debt, is a 2007 Israeli drama-thriller film directed by Assaf Bernstein and starring Gila Almagor, Yuriy Chepurnov, and Oleg Drach, about three retired Mossad agents confronted by a challenge from their past. 
It was remade as the 2011 American/British film "The Debt".
Cast.
Actors with corresponding major characters:
Plot.
The film is not based on actual fact, and centers on an Israeli-Mossad team who in 1964 capture a notorious Nazi doctor who had performed human experimentation in a German extermination camp, and, when he escapes from them, they report him as being shot once in the head and killed during his attempted escape. In the following years, the agents receive numerous accolades for their actions, with none suspecting the truth, but in the late 1990s, they learn he may be alive, repentant, and likely to expose the truth of the events.
Cinematic history.
The film was nominated for four 2007 awards by the Israeli Film Academy: Best Art Direction, Ido Dolev; Best Cinematography,
Giora Bejach; Best Costumes, Inbal Shuki; and Best Supporting Actress, Neta Garty. 
The film has had no theatrical release in United States, but a version with English subtitles has screened at film festivals there, and been shown on the Sundance cable-television channel.
A 2011 U.S. remake of the 2007 film is entitled "The Debt" and stars Helen Mirren, Sam Worthington, Ciarán Hinds and Tom Wilkinson. It was directed by John Madden from a screenplay by Matthew Vaughn, Jane Goldman and Peter Straughan. It was originally scheduled for release in December 2010, but was instead released on August 31, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30939763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939763" title="List of international cricket centuries by David Gower">
List of international cricket centuries by David Gower

David Gower is an English former cricketer who batted with a graceful style as part of the top order for the England cricket team for over a decade. He scored centuries (100 or more runs in a single innings) on 18 occasions in Test cricket, and 7 times in One Day International (ODI) matches. He was named as a "Wisden" Cricketer of the Year in 1979 for his performances the previous year, which included being the youngest batsman to score a century for England since Peter May in 1951. He was appointed to the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1992 for services to sports, and in 2009 was inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame.
Gower made his Test debut for England in June 1978 against Pakistan at Edgbaston, Birmingham. He achieved his first century in Test cricket later that year, scoring 111 runs against New Zealand at The Oval, London. The following summer, Gower scored his first double-century, remaining unbeaten on 200 off 279 deliveries, in a batting innings described as "effortless" by the "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack". He did not pass a hundred again until 1981, when he scored 154 not out against the West Indies, his runs coming off 403 deliveries at a strike rate of 38.21 – his lowest when scoring a century. Across 1984 and 1985, Gower struck five centuries in Test cricket, and on each occasion he passed 150 runs. Three of these centuries were scored during the 1985 Ashes, in which Gower was named as Man of the Series. In the fifth match he reached his highest score in Test cricket, amassing 215 runs and sharing a partnership of 331 with Tim Robinson. At the time, it was the sixth largest partnership for England, but in the next match Gower and Graham Gooch surpassed it, putting on 351 runs together. Gower's final Test century was scored in January 1991, when he reached 123 against Australia. In total, nine of Gower's eighteen Test centuries came during Ashes series, the fourth most by any batsman.
In ODI cricket, Gower's first century came in his second match for England, played against Pakistan in 1978, when he was 114 not out at the close of the innings. He was most prolific in 1983, when he scored four of his seven centuries in ODIs. Three of these centuries were scored against New Zealand during the 1982–83 World Series Cup, earning him the accolade of Man of the Preliminary Series. In the fourth match of the competition he scored 158 runs, which in the context of ODI cricket was both his highest score, and at the time, the highest score by any England batsman. Despite playing ODI cricket for England until 1991, Gower's final century in the format came in June 1985 against Australia, when he scored 102.

</doc>
<doc id="30939765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939765" title="Ogan Komering Ulu Regency">
Ogan Komering Ulu Regency

Ogan Komering Ulu Regency is a regency of South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 10,408 km² and a population of around 1,000,000 people. The capital lies at Baturaja.
Economy.
The regency is one of the major rice producing areas of South Sumatra, mainly concentrated in the Belitang District, Buay Madang District, Cempaka District and Martapura Districts with a large-scale irrigation scheme covering some 120,000 hectares. Other crops include rubber, coffee, black pepper, coconut, palm oil and fruits such as orange, durian, duku, rambutan and banana.
Harimau Cave and Putri Cave.
Both caves lay in the same Padangbindu village 35 kilometers from Baturaja. Harimau (Tiger) Cave entrance is 40 to 50 meters wide and 20 to 35 meters height. Since 2008 to mid-2013 archaelogists have found 72 skeletons of mongoloid race with prediction 3,000 years of age and the excavation is still running. Some of the skeletons are displayed in Si Pahit Lidah (Bitter Tongue) Museum near Putri (Princess) Cave. Putri Cave has 20x160 meter square pond.

</doc>
<doc id="30939766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939766" title="Gasret Aliev">
Gasret Aliev

Aliev Gasret Agaevich (14 December 1922 – 28 February 1981) was a Soviet Soldier who participated in the Great Patriotic War. He held various ranks in different government organizations during his life, most notably he was the 1st secretary of the CPSU in Rutul 1957-1961, while residing in the village Hin.
Biography.
Aliev was born in Russia on December 14, 1922 to a peasant family of Rutul ethnic background. He did not complete his high school education and instead worked on a collective farm.
In 1942 Aliev was drafted into the Red Army. That same year he was sent to fight on the frontlines of the "Great Patriotic War".
On the night of September 26, 1943, Scout G. A. Aliev was in a structured scouting group of 19 soldiers under the command of the lieutenant Shpakovskogo (the rank of Hero of Soviet Union is appropriated by one Decree with Aliev) were forwarded through the Dnepr River around the village of Soshinovka (Dnepropetrovsk area). Through that night and the next day, the group deflected counterattacks by their opponent. Personally, Aliev in hand-to-hand combat and by firing his automatic machine gun eliminated more than 80 German troops. In the subsequent fights for their bases expansion, Aliev provided command with important military information about the enemy.
The decree Presidium of the High Committee of the USSR from 1 November 1943"for the successful speeding up of the river Dnepr offensive, by strongly fastening the base on the western coast of the river Dnepr both the courage shown thus and heroism" to Red Army man Aliev Gazret Agaevich the rank of "Hero of Soviet Union" with delivery of an award of Lenin and a medal «Gold Star» is appropriated.
In 1944 G. A. Aliev ended his courses as a second lieutenant. From 1946 on, lieutenant Aliev lived and worked in Makhachkala. He died 28 February 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="30939767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939767" title="Melvins / Isis">
Melvins / Isis

The Melvins and Isis released a split EP on Hydra Head Records in 2010, with each band contributing two tracks. Isis' "Way Through Woven Branches" had previously only been available as a bonus track on the Japanese edition of their last full-length, "Wavering Radiant", whilst "Pliable Foe" was exclusive to this release. Both tracks were recorded during the "Wavering Radiant" sessions. Meanwhile, the Melvins tracks are reworked from their release "The Bride Screamed Murder", described as displaying the "dadaist/trickster tendencies of the band which has frustrated and delighted fans in equal measure since (very nearly) the beginning of their existence". The album was released 13 July 2010 on CD format, with vinyl copies available a week earlier from Vacation Vinyl in Los Angeles. 
Pitchfork's Jess Harvell was unimpressed by Isis′ contribution to the split, stating that “Isis seem to be building to something on these songs, but the climaxes are so restrained you can almost miss them if you're not paying close enough attention [...] I kept hoping Isis would finally let loose, offer a little chaos. After all, the best part of Mogwai's "Like Herod" isn't the clockwork precision; it's the freak out.” As for the Melvins side, she deemed it “more of the same, but here I don't mean that in a disparaging way at all”, and found that “the grooves, especially on "I'll Finish You Off", have the same punchy dynamics the Isis tunes lack.” 
Isis frontman and owner of Hydra Head Records, Aaron Turner, documented the design process of the album art on his personal blog. 
It was released after Isis had announced their imminent dissolution, and currently stands as their last record. However, two posthumous compilations are lined up for Isis, which would make this their third-final output. Melvins subsequently supported Isis for several dates on their farewell tour.

</doc>
<doc id="30939788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939788" title="Faraday balance">
Faraday balance

A Faraday balance is a device for measuring magnetic susceptibility. Magnetic susceptibility is related to the force experienced by a substance in a magnetic field. Various practical devices are available for the measurement of susceptibility, which differ in the shape of the magnetic field and the way the force is measured.
In the Faraday balance the field is inhomogeneous. The pole pieces of the magnet are so shaped that there is a region in which the product of the field strength and field gradient in the "z" direction is constant. The sample is placed in this region. The force in this case is independent of the packing of the sample and depends only on the total mass of the material present. The method is sensitive and highly reproducible and can be applied to single crystals. The force is measured as a weight change, using a torsion balance.
An alternative method for measuring magnetic susceptibility is the Gouy balance. In this technique there is a homogeneous field in the central region between two (flat) poles of a permanent magnet, or an electromagnet. The sample, in the form of a powder in a cylindrical tube, is suspended in such a way the one end lies in the centre of the field and the other is effectively outside the magnetic field. Errors due to inefficient packing in the sample tube are difficult to eliminate.

</doc>
<doc id="30939790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939790" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Taney County, Missouri">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taney County, Missouri

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Taney County, Missouri.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Taney County, Missouri, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 5 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another 2 properties were once listed but have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="30939794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939794" title="Bertha May Crawford">
Bertha May Crawford

Bertha May Crawford (June 20, 1886 - May 26, 1937) was a Canadian opera singer. She built an international reputation as a lyric coloratura soprano in the early 20th century in eastern Europe, performing prima donna roles with opera companies in Russia and Poland between 1914 and 1934. At her death in 1937, music critics considered her the most distinguished soprano produced in that century in Canada. She is remembered as having "a high lyric soprano of great beauty and agility" and was most famous for her performances as Rosina in The Barber of Seville, Violetta in La traviata, and Gilda in Rigoletto.
Early days in Canada.
Crawford was born in the small rural community of Elmvale, Ontario in 1886, the second daughter of John Crawford, a tailor of Scottish Presbyterian descent, and Maud Robertson. She grew up singing in trios and quartets with her parents and older sister. The Crawford family moved to Toronto just after the turn of the century where Bertha became a student of Edward W. Schuch, Choirmaster at the Church of the Redeemer (Toronto).
In the early part of the decade, Crawford performed as a solo soprano in local church concerts, benefits and entertainments in Toronto. In 1904, aged 18, she sang at a benefit for the Willard Home for Girls at the Guild Hall and by 1905 she was the lead soprano at the Erskine Presbyterian Church. In 1906 she was appointed to sing at the Sherbourne Street Methodist Church. She sang on the stage of Massey Hall at a fundraiser for the Grace Hospital in 1905 and at a meeting of the Canadian Temperance League in 1906. In 1907 she was the "chief triumph" in a production of Gilbert and Sullivan's The Pirates of Penzance put on by the E.W. Schuch Opera Singers, and in November 1907 she entertained at the annual concert of the Loyal Orange County Lodge of Toronto at Massey Hall. During the summer of 1907 she appeared at the Jamestown Exposition in Norfolk, Virginia, and she toured briefly with a concert party on the lyceum circuit in the southern United States in the spring of 1907.
From 1908 when she was only 21, Crawford achieved the pinnacle of church singing in Canada, signing annual contracts for three years as a soprano soloist with the Metropolitan Methodist Church of Toronto, one of the most prominent Protestant churches in the country. She also performed in other churches, for instance in October 1909 she was one of the 'professional talent' who performed at a concert at the Victoria Presbyterian Church in Toronto.
In the latter part of the decade she began to travel extensively as a performer. During the fall and winter of 1909-10 and 1910–11, Crawford joined the H. Ruthven MacDonald Concert Party for five-month tours of the cities and small towns of western Canada. Crawford sang solos and performed duets with baritone MacDonald, while Mrs. MacDonald accompanied on the piano and an elocutionist provided complementary interludes. The company criss-crossed the Prairie Provinces appearing in halls, churches and theatres in communities from Winnipeg, Manitoba, to places like Lethbridge, Red Deer, Crossfield, Claresholm and Frank, in Alberta.
European career launched.
Crawford left Canada in 1911 to pursue studies in London. There she studied under a Czech tenor, Otto Morando, who later became the senior voice teacher at the Canadian Academy of Music in Toronto. She also studied with Olga de Nevosky, and was a featured concert soloist in performances at the Queen's Hall and the Royal Albert Hall. With the support of Signor Morando, she went on to Milan to study with Italian soprano Emilia Corsi.
In May 1913, aged 27, Crawford made her Italian debut in Pagliacci, in Salo, Italy under the stage name of Berta de Giovanni. She also performed as Gilda in Rigoletto in Venice the same year, and toured provincial opera houses across Italy.
In December 1913, Crawford debuted with the Polish National Opera. She sang as a guest performer opposite Riccardo Stracciari, Romano Charini and Dmitri Smirnov. However, her first spell in Poland was interrupted by the First World War and Crawford left Warsaw for Russia ahead of the German advance on the Eastern Front in late 1914. In February 1915 she debuted at the "Narodny Dom" (People's House) in Petrograd (St. Petersburg) in a performance of Rigoletto opposite baritone Jacob Lukin. She sang in Petrograd through to April 1914, performing in Rossini's Barber of Seville, and in La Traviatta singing in both Italian and Russian and audiences found her voice "rich, melodious and ringing" and her acting "bright and spontaneous". She returned to Warsaw briefly in the summer of 1915 where she sang in La Traviatta at the summer theatre in the Saxon Garden, before escaping back to Russia again before the Germans took Warsaw in August 1915. In the fall of 1915 she made guest appearances with the S.I. Zimin Opera Company in Moscow.
During the First World War she represented the Allies in a number of charity concerts including one organized by the Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna, and she received an award from the Grand Duchess Tatiana at the Winter Palace. In the summer of 1916 she toured with a five-member concert party in the Caucuses, and also performed in Petrograd and travelled south to Odessa where she sang in a concert honouring the Premier of Serbia at the Odessa Opera. By March 1917 when the Russian revolution broke out, Crawford had come back west to Helsinki, Finland and she did not return to Petrograd until after the Bolsheviks took power in the fall of 1917. During 1917 she joined a cross country tour which took her as far east as Vladivostok before returning to Finland. During her time in Russia she sang with such major Russian opera stars as bass Feodor Chaliapin, tenor Leonid Sobinov, and tenor Dmitri Smirnov.
Success on Stages Across Poland.
After the end of the First World War, in late 1918 Crawford returned to Warsaw. She appeared with the Warsaw Philharmonic in a concert in honor of the victorious allies at the end of January 1919 under the baton of Emil Mlynarski. In addition to performing opera in Warsaw, during the 1920s Crawford sang regularly with the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra and the Warsaw Symphonic Orchestra under conductors such as Grzegorz Fitelberg and Zdzisław Birnbaum.
She also performed widely in the provinces of what was then Poland. She made occasional appearances in Lodz in March 1919, 1926, and 1928 and at the Lviv Grand Theatre in October 1920. She also appeared with the Krakow Opera in 1920 and the Lublin Music Society in 1924. She was a frequent guest performer at the Poznan Opera in 1921 and 1922, and she sang regularly with the Opera Pomorska in 1926 and 1927, which performed in the municipal theatres of the three cities of Torun, Bydgoszcz and Grudziadz, in the province of Pomerania. She held recitals in Vilnius in early 1927 and in 1930.
During her career on the opera stage in Europe Crawford specialized in the classic coloratura roles, particularly roles by Verdi, such as Gilda in Rigoletto ('Caro Nome' was one of her favorite recital pieces); Violetta in La Traviata; and Rosina in Rossini's Barber of Seville and Marguerite in Gounod's Faust. She sang opposite prominent Polish tenors and baritones, including international Polish star Adam Didur when he came to Warsaw in June 1924 and in Lodz in April 1928.
A Trans-Atlantic interlude.
In 1921, 1922 and 1923, Crawford spent the fall and winter in Canada and returned each summer to Poland. She came home as a star with an international reputation and performed her first recital in Canada in ten years to a sold-out audience at Grant Hall, at Queens University in Kingston, in October 1921. In Toronto she agreed to a series of concerts at Massey Hall with the Toronto impresario, I.E. Suckling. On November 9, 1921, she sang selections from Rigoletto and Dinorah and reviewers commended her "pure light soprano voice, with an exceptionally good middle register...her florid work was finely finished..." and her "almost perfect intonations...and wonderful breath control and versatility of technique." On January 29, 1922 she sang with the Canadian Grenadier Guards Band at His Majesty's Theatre in Montreal, and in an April recital at Massey Hall she sang numbers by Antonio Lotti and Veracini, and Rimsky-Korsakoff, and "astonished her hearers by the perfection of a long sustained trill proceeding from pianissimo to forte, and the dying away almost to the vanishing point, and then renewed with fresh brilliancy."
After the summer in Warsaw, in October 1922 she took to the stage of Massey Hall in Toronto again to perform arias from Rossini solo and with the backing of the Toronto Festival Choir. In January 1923, she accepted a last-minute invitation to Washington to play Gilda in a production of "Rigoletto" put on by the rather disorganized Washington National Opera. This was probably her only performance in a full opera in North America.
In July 1923, Crawford was back in Warsaw for the summer, "hypnotizing" audiences with "subtility (sic) beyond expression combined with enormous dynamic". In October 1923, she returned to North America and in November sang in Fort Gary, Manitoba before going to New York for her debut in a recital at the Aeloian Hall, singing pieces from Italian, French and Russian operas, as well as modern French and English pieces.
European career resumed.
By June 1924 Crawford had returned to Warsaw to perform in the Barber of Seville and Faust, and she sang with the Philharmonic in December. In 1926, as Poland entered the age of radio, Crawford became one of the early stars of Polska Radio, singing in concerts often in the prime time 20:30 slot through into the 1930s. Her radio concerts were often directed by Józef Ozimiński.
Crawford was an animal lover all her life and always traveled with her dogs. In 1927 she helped to found the Polish League of Friends of Animals. In the early 1930s she spent two summers at the Nesvizh Castle, which belonged to Prince Janusz Radziwill, a Polish aristocrat and politician.
In May 1934 Crawford came home to Canada for the last time, sailing from Gdynia, Poland on the S.S. Pulaski via New York. Her final public performance was at a Promenade Concert at the University of Toronto Varsity Arena in 1935. Crawford died suddenly of pneumonia, on May 26, 1937 in Toronto General Hospital, aged 50.

</doc>
<doc id="30939812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939812" title="Morten von Krogh">
Morten von Krogh

Morten von Krogh (born 27 May 1948) is a Norwegian fencer. He competed in the individual épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30939834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939834" title="Richard George Briscoe">
Richard George Briscoe

Captain Richard George Briscoe MC (15 August 1893 – 11 December 1957) was a British soldier and politician. He was Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Cambridgeshire from 1923 to 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="30939848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939848" title="Dianna Corcoran">
Dianna Corcoran

Dianna Corcoran (born 20 June 1979 in Parkes, New South Wales) is an Australian country music singer-songwriter. Among numerous awards, she is a two-time Golden Guitar winner
History.
Corcoran's initial interest in country music involved yodeling. After finishing high school, Corcoran moved to Adelaide where she worked in three jobs (recruitment, dog food factory and car parts plant) to save enough money to make her first record ("Little Bit Crazy"). She became a professional musician in 2004. In that year, she toured with Adam Brand as an opening act. It was also in that year that she won her first Golden Guitar Award for New Talent of the Year.
Corcoran has been deployed on three occasions to perform for Australian troops on active duty in war zones around the world, including a tour of Afghanistan with Jenny Morris. During one such tour to the Solomon Islands in March 2007 she met Tom Hinds, an Australian soldier. Corcoran wrote the song "Come Back Home" on the album "Keep Breathing" for him. She has written other songs about family and childhood experiences, including her father ("If You Hear Angels"), her mother ("You’ll Always Love Me More") and her hometown Parkes ("Rocky Hill").
In 2008, Corcoran won her second Golden Guitar in the highly sought-after category of Female Artist of the Year. In August, Corcoran was invited by Deborah Conway to take part in the Broad Festival project, which toured major Australian cities including performing at the Sydney Opera House. With Corcoran and Conway were Laura Jean, Liz Stringer and Elana Stone – they performed their own and each other's songs.
In 2013 Corcoran will release a new album "Love & Therapy" and tour with Alleyce Simmonds on the Pure Acoustic Blonde tour.

</doc>
<doc id="30939849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939849" title="Goodwin Hudson">
Goodwin Hudson

He studied at the London College of Divinity and was ordained in 1941. He began his career as a Curate at St Paul, Chatham after which he became Vicar of Good Easter. From 1945 to 1948 he was Headmaster at Windsor School, Santiago and then the incumbent at St James, Holloway until 1955. After a similar post at Woodford Wells he was consecrated to serve the Sydney diocese as coadjutor bishop on 25 March 1960. After four years based in Point Piper, New South Wales he returned to England and became Vicar of St Paul’s, Portman Square.

</doc>
<doc id="30939861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939861" title="Ole Mørch (fencer)">
Ole Mørch (fencer)

Ole Mørch (born 15 March 1950) is a Norwegian fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30939873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939873" title="Robert Fulford">
Robert Fulford

Robert Fulford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30939883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939883" title="Jeppe Normann">
Jeppe Normann

Jeppe Normann (born 15 September 1951) is a Norwegian fencer. He competed at the 1972, 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30939894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939894" title="The Pennywhistlers">
The Pennywhistlers

The Pennywhistlers were an American singing group founded by folklorist and singer Ethel Raim and popular during the 1960s folk music revival. They specialized in Eastern European choral music, sung primarily A cappella. Folk singer Theodore Bikel, in his autobiography "Theo", called them "the closest to the real thing in authenticity in the United States." They toured throughout the 1960s, appearing at the "Sing Out!" hootenanny at Carnegie Hall, the Fox Hollow Festival, and the Mariposa Folk Festival, among others. They shared the bill with performers such as Bob Dylan, Pete Seeger, Joan Baez, Reverend Gary Davis, Leonard Cohen, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="30939912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939912" title="Claus Mørch, Jr.">
Claus Mørch, Jr.

Claus Mørch, Jr. (born 18 February 1947) is a Norwegian fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. His father, Claus Mørch, Sr. fenced for Norway at the 1948 Summer Olympics and his daughter, Margrete Mørch, competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30939966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939966" title="Goddy Leye">
Goddy Leye

Goddy Leye (24 November 1965, Mbouda, Cameroon – 19 February 2011 Bonendale, Cameroon) was a Cameroonian artist and intellectual.
His work is focused on videos, installations, conceptual art and theoretical contributions. He is the founder of the art centre ArtBakery in Bonendale, Cameroon and he was the curator and promoter of site-specific art and international projects. His role was central in the cultural and art scene in Cameroon and at the international level.
Life and career.
Goddy Leye (real name Godfried Kadjo) was born 24 November 1965 in Mbouda, Cameroon. He obtained his diploma at a bilingual high school in 1989 and studied African literature and philology at the University of Yaoundé between 1986 and 1991. In 1990 he obtain his master's in African literature. 
His artistic training started in 1987 with the artist and art historian Pascal Kenfack in Yaoundé until 1992. He continued his training in 1994 at the National Art Institute in Bamako, in 1997 at the ZKM Karlsruhe Centre for Art and Media in Germany, in 1999 at 18th Street Arts Complex in Santa Monica, California and between 2002 and 2002 at the Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunsten in Amsterdam. In the Netherlands he co-funds and he becomes member of the Rijksakademie International Network (RAIN), a network of artists who support contemporary cultural practices in their countries of origin. Specifically for his interest in supporting art practices, Leye moved back to Douala in 2002 to create the art centre ArtBakery in Bonendale, devoted specifically to facilitating artistic training and exchanges among artists and to support multimedia, installations, video and digital art.
In 2002 he was the curator of the project "Bessengue City", a workshop and a series of site-specific art projects in the neighbourhood of Bessengue in Douala; the project involved Goddy Leye, James Beckett, Hartanto, Jesus Palomino and the local community. In 2006 he promoted and participated in "Exit Tour". In 2007 contributed to the Ars&Urbis Workshop organised in Douala by doual'art for the preparation of the SUD Salon Urbain de Douala and he was in residency at the Blachère Foundation in Apt, France. In 2008 he was in residency at the Gasworks cultural space in London; in 2009 he participated at the project "Image Art After" in dialogue with Florence Ayisi and he contributed at the Cairo Residency Symposium.
Leye's work received prizes from UNESCO, the Rockefeller Foundation and the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs. As an artist and intellectual, he was involved in numerous expert committees; he was a member of the think tank of the Africa Centre in Cape Town and was an ambassador of CAN (Creative Africa Network).
Work.
Leye started working as an artist in 1992. His work was focussed on memory, African postcolonialism and on the construction of history. More specifically he expressed himself with multimedia works, videos and video installations. Through time, he started to be involved more and more in the production of projects both in Cameroon and at an international level. He contributed to publications, produced and curated site-specific artworks and founded the centre ArtBakery. The centre offers tools and an infrastructure to artists interested in multimedia productions and it is characterised by an active role in training. Leye was considered a key artist and intellectual by Cameroonian artists of his generation and younger.
Leye expressed his attention to the ways history is told and knowledge is transmitted and forgotten through his art works, writings and his active involvement in conferences and think tanks. His theoretical contributions focused on the structure of cultural institutions, on network systems, on artistic and cultural practices and on urban transformations.
Group exhibitions.
Goddy Leye's work is exhibited in numerous festivals and international exhibitions.
Theoretic contributions and curatorial work.
Goddy Leye contributed to publications and magazines such as "Chimurenga" magazine. He actively supported the creation of the magazine "DiARTgonale" founded by the artist Achilleka. 
He was the founder and director of the centre ArtBakery, started in 2002. He was the curator of the project "Bessengue City" organised in the neighbourhood of Bessengue in Douala in 2002 and he was the promoter in 2006 of "Exit Tour".

</doc>
<doc id="30939985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939985" title="Final Gençlik">
Final Gençlik

Final Gençlik is a Turkish basketball team based in Bursa, Turkey which plays in Turkish Second Basketball League. They were founded in 2006 and their home ground is Final Okulları Sport Hall There is also a primary school named Final Okulları.

</doc>
<doc id="30939991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30939991" title="Department of Mountains">
Department of Mountains

The Department of Mountains () was the central governing body of the Mining-metallurgical Okrugs of the Russian Empire. These Okrugs, or "regions", were administrative subdivisions of the Empire relating to mining and mountain industry and the regulation thereof. From 1811 to 1863, it was called the Department of Mountain and Salt Matters. Originally part of the Ministry of Finance, it was transferred to the Ministry of State Property in 1875. The department was disestablished in 1918 with the collapse of the Imperial Russian government.

</doc>
<doc id="30940002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940002" title="Michigan Smelter">
Michigan Smelter

The Michigan Smelter was a copper smelter located at Cole's Creek on the Keweenaw Waterway north-west of Houghton, Michigan near the old Atlantic mill. The smelter was created in 1903-4 as a joint effort between the Copper Range Company and Stanton group of mines. An Atlantic dam on the site was reused by the smelter as a water source. In 1905, the smelter broke a world record by casting 292,000 pounds of fine copper in seven hours with a single furnace and only ten men. The smelter operated through World War II and stopped all operations in 1948.
The smelter was designed by Frank Klepetko and was the most modern plant in the district. The nearby hillside was used improve its efficiency of its operation. The smelter had a capacity of 90 million pounds annually and was the largest and most efficient on Lake Superior.
Several mills sent material to the Michigan Smelter including the Champion, Trimountain and Baltic mills via the Copper Range Railroad. Product originated from the Atlantic, Baltic, Champion, Trimountain, Michigan, Mohawk, and Wolverine mines. They delivered the mineral in 40-ton bottom-dumping cars and the product from each mine was kept separate from the others.
Smelting process.
The incoming product was sorted, dried and stored in hoppers above the reverberatory furnaces. The site had two melting furnaces and two refining furnaces about seven feet below. Water-tube boilers were heated by the furnace's waste gas which were drawn up through a 150 foot smokestack. Slag was skimmed off into steel molds on cars of an electric locomotive and the copper was then drained into the refining furnaces. The slag accounted for approximately 35 percent of the material they received.
Other buildings on the site included an office and laboratory heated by exhaust steam, a warehouse, two 150 ton railroad track scales.
The site today.
The smelter's office still remains on the site and is now a private residence. Foundations and concrete columns are still visible. The property is privately owned.

</doc>
<doc id="30940007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940007" title="2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca – Singles">
2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca – Singles

Evgeny Donskoy won the title, defeating Alessio di Mauro 2–6, 6–3, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30940008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940008" title="Rizwana Syed Ali">
Rizwana Syed Ali

Rizwana Syed Ali is a fiction writer from Pakistan. She has a long career as an author and has used her writings for creating awareness in the society.
Introduction.
Rizwana Syed Ali is known for her works in Urdu fiction. A short story-writer and a novelist, Rizwana entered the field as a young writer for children's magazines. Most of those who have grown up reading Urdu magazines "Taleem-o-Tarbiat" and "Naunehal" are familiar with her stories for children. Her fiction for kids and youngsters won her several awards including those from the National Book Foundation and Cambridge Educational. 
Urdu "afsana" (short-story) was a genre Rizwana entered a few years later and was published in Urdu Digest, "Chilman" etc. In recent years the focus of her writings has entirely shifted to "afsana" and novel. Her first collection of "afsana" titled "Nok-i-Qalam Pe Khar" was published in 2003. Arranged in chronological order, this collection traced her career in "afsana naveesi". Next in line was "Peelay pholo ka noha" a collection of 17 "afsanas" published in 2007. Rizwana entered the world of novel writing in 2011 with the publication of "Khwabgazeeda". One reviewer writes about her novel as:
Another dimension to Rizwana’s work is her journalistic writings. She has been associated with the Urdu Dailies "Islamabad Times, Ausaf "and" Subh" as column-writer. 
Rizwana has always been a supporter of change through education in Pakistan. She has extensively written about the social disparities emanating from the stratified educational system in the country. In her research work on education, "Seh Ranga Nizam-i-Taleem", she has argued that three systems of education that exist in Pakistan have damaged the society by deepening class differences. According to her, Pakistan's current education has set the society on a downward spiral instead of putting it on the path of development.
Fiction.
2011 "Khwabgazeeda" (Novel)
2007 Peelay Pholon Ka Noha (Short-stories Collection)
2003 Nok-i-Qalam pe Khar (Short-stories Collection)
1995 Seh-Ranga Nizam-i-Taleem (Research)
Career in Newspaper.
Permanent Column Title: "Nok-i-Qalam pe Khar"
2009 "Islamabad Times"
2006–2007 "Daily Ausaf Islamabad"
2004 – 2006 "Daily Subh Peshwar"
Books for Children.
"Bachpan Jhaorokay se"
"Abdul Ka Khawab"
"Darna Nahi"
"Ab Jang Na Ho"
"Resham" 
"Aik tha Jangal (3 vols)"
"Ghommain Nagar Nagar"
"Anokha Safar"

</doc>
<doc id="30940024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940024" title="Ivan Lee (bishop)">
Ivan Lee (bishop)

the Bishop of the Western Region.

</doc>
<doc id="30940058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940058" title="Harry Matthews">
Harry Matthews

Harry Matthews may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30940067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940067" title="Sjukdom">
Sjukdom

Sjukdom (English: Sickness) is the fourth and final full-length album by Swedish black metal band Lifelover. The album was released on 14 February 2011 by Prophecy Productions on CD, Digipak CD and LP. A limited edition CD boxset was also released. Lifelover broke up the same year this album was released due to guitarist Jonas "B" Bergqvist's death in September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30940074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940074" title="2011 Finnish Cup">
2011 Finnish Cup

The 2011 Finnish Cup () is the 57th season of the main annual football (soccer) cup competition in Finland. It is organized as a single-elimination knock–out tournament. Participation in the competition is voluntary. 
HJK won the cup after beating KuPS 2-1 in the final. As HJK also won the league, they qualified for the 2012–13 UEFA Champions League and KuPS will enter the first qualifying round of UEFA Europa League as losing cup finalists. 
A total of 233 teams registered for the competition. They will enter in different rounds, depending on their position within the league system. Clubs with teams in Kolmonen (level IV) or an inferior league started the competition in Round 1. Teams from Ykkönen (level II) and Kakkonen (level III) will enter in Round 4. The 2011 Veikkausliiga clubs will start from Round 5 onwards, according to their 2011 League Cup finish; teams exiting at the group stage will enter in Round 5, the losing teams of the quarterfinals will begin in Round 6, and all semifinalists will start in Round 7.
The tournament started on 6 January 2011 with the first match of Round 1 and concluded with the Final held on 24 September 2011 at Sonera Stadium, Helsinki.
Round 1.
In this round entered 134 clubs from the Finnish fourth level and below, while the other 45 clubs received byes to the next round. These matches took place between 6 and 29 January 2011.
Round 2.
The 67 winners from the previous round and the 45 clubs who got a bye entered this round. These matches took place between 14 January and 13 February 2011.
Round 3.
The 56 winners from the previous round entered this round of the competition. These matches took place between 6 and 28 February 2011.
Round 4.
The 28 winners from the previous round and the 40 clubs from the Ykkönen and Kakkonen entered this round of the competition. These matches took place between 26 February and 21 March 2011.
Round 5.
The 34 winners from the previous round and six clubs eliminated from the group stage of the 2011 Finnish League Cup will enter this round of the competition. The draw was conducted on 3 March 2011 by Finnish FA representative Petri Jakonen. If teams from different levels were drawn together, the lower-league team were assigned as the home team. The matches of this round will take place between 17 March and 2 April 2011.
Round 6.
The 20 winners from the previous round and four clubs eliminated in the quarterfinals of the 2011 Finnish League Cup will enter this round of the competition. The draw was conducted on 24 March 2011. If teams from different levels were drawn together, the lower-league team were assigned as the home team. The matches of this round will take place between 1 and 11 April 2011.
"All times "
Round 7.
The 12 winners from the last round joined the four semifinalists of the 2011 Finnish League Cup in this round of the competition. These matches were played between 15 and 23 April 2011.
"All times "
Quarterfinals.
The 8 winners from the previous stage of the competition enter this round.
"All times "
Semifinals.
The 4 winners from the previous stage compete in this round of the competition.
"All times "
Final.
"All times "

</doc>
<doc id="30940077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940077" title="Minister of the Interior (Iceland)">
Minister of the Interior (Iceland)

The Minister of the Interior () is the head of the Ministry of the Interior. The current Minister of the Interior is Hanna Birna Kristjánsdóttir.

</doc>
<doc id="30940079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940079" title="August Perk">
August Perk

August Perk (October 25, 1897, Lohne / Lingen, Germany; – May 12, 1945, Braunschweig, Germany) was a German Resistance fighter against the National Socialism. His brief friendship with Erich Maria Remarque influenced Remarque's novel "All Quiet on the Western Front". August Perk is the Grandfather of German Artist Johnny de Brest.
Biography.
August Perk was born as the son of a merchant family based in Lohne, Germany. At the Age of 17 August Perk served as a soldier in World War I in Russia and France.
Erich Maria Remarque worked as a teacher in August Perk's hometown Lohne. Perk and Remarque had a brief friendship. Remarque described this time later in his novel "The Road Back" (1931). Perk told Remarque of his experiences in World War I and many of these stories appeared in Remarque's antiwar novel "All Quiet on the Western Front".
Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung: "Was August Perk Schreckliches als Soldat im Ersten Weltkrieg erlebte, hat der weltbekannte Schriftsteller Erich Maria Remarque (1898-1970) in seinem Buch „Im Westen nichts Neues“ verarbeitet. Das Werk wurde in über 50 Sprachen übersetzt und gilt mit geschätzten Verkaufszahlen zwischen 15 und 20 Millionen als eines der meistgelesenen Bücher in der ganzen Welt (What August Perk experienced terrible as a Soldier in World War I, reprocessed the famous Writer Erich Maria Remarque (1898-1970) for his Book "All Quiet on the Western Front". The work was translated into over 50 languages and is regarded with estimated sales numbers between 15 and 20 million as one of the most widely read books in the world)"
Perk's vocation Learnt as a Blacksmith- and Locksmith-Boss changed after a time of self-employment, when he moved over to Nordhorn (Germany), where he worked for the Textile Company "Rawe & Co.". In 1940 August Perk married Johanna Meyer, they had two children, Maria (1941) and Heinrich (1942–1965).
Early on there were serious conflicts between August Perk and the National Socialists. After a bodily injury, August Perk's parents sued the Nazi Perpetrators and won the Trial. In 1934 the new Nazi Rulers condemned the faithful Catholic August Perk for political reasons to six months imprisonment, which was repealed for retention. Years later (in Nordhorn), on April 14, 1943, the Gestapo arrested August Perk as a result of denunciation by neighbors and work colleagues.
On August 11, 1943, August Perk was convicted by the Higher Regional Court in Hamm (Germany) to two years in prison camp for "undermining military morale". August Perk survived the inhuman imprisonment in the notorious Prison Camp Wolfenbüttel (Germany) after the Liberation by the Allies only a few days and died on May 12, 1945.
In addition to a political Debate, whether or not to be named a Street in Lohne as a remembrance to August Perk after his name: Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung: "SPD lässt nicht locker: Straße nach August Perk benennen ("The Socialist Party demands: Street Name after August Perk")", there are several Memorial Places in Lohne and Nordhorn which also remembers of the Fate of August Perk, such as the Memorial to the Victims of the First and Second World War near Jenny Holzer's "Black Garden" in Nordhorn, Photographs at The Town Museum (Stadtmuseum) in Nordhorn and a Memorial-Stone (so-called "Stolperstein" or "Stumbling Block"), the small Copper Plaques, in the Pavement in Front of Houses of which the (mostly Jewish) Residents were murdered by the Nazis, mention the name, date of birth and place (mostly a concentration camp) and date of death. In many other German cities memorials also can be found. There are already many thousands of these plaques, and their number is still growing. The city of Nordhorn published a brochure and documenation of Gunter Demnig's Stolperstein in Nordhorn: "Mentioned by Name ... Stumbling Blocks in Nordhorn, Documentation of the City of Nordhorn".

</doc>
<doc id="30940120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940120" title="Frank James Hospital">
Frank James Hospital

The Frank James Hospital is a closed hospital in the quiet town of East Cowes on the Isle of Wight. It was built in a Dutch Style by Somers Clarke in 1893, originally as a Home for Retired Seamen, before becoming a hospital in 1903. It was designed as a memorial to Frank Linsly James, eldest son of Sophia and Daniel James. He did much travelling to Africa in his yacht "The Lancashire Witch" and was killed by an elephant in 1890. The wind vane on top of the hospital is a model of the yacht.
It has a central block with two projecting wings, with a verandah to the ground floor on all sides, and built of red brick with tiled roof. It is a Grade II listed building.
The hospital was sold by the NHS Trust in 2002, and since then has had ownership issues which has led to vandalism and despair. The building is currently on the endangered buildings list for the United Kingdom. 
During March 2012, an action group was formed called "Friends of The Frank James" to save and preserve the Frank James Hospital for future generations. They have had support from Isle of Wight MP Andrew Turner. The group plan to push for action to be sorted before the building is lost forever.
History.
The hospital was opened up on 18 June 1903 by the Princess of Battenburg. The idea of the hospital had been drawn for ages but due to a lack of funds this was put back a while. Due to the generosity of Arthur James and his brother William in giving the land and the building the idea of Hospital in the town had become a reality.
Due to the amount of accidents within the shipping and other industries, all accidents was transferred to Isle of Wight County Hospital at Ryde, so a new hospital within East Cowes was needed for a while. The use of this new hospital meant that patients could be treated quicker saving much distress. 
The hospital's upkeep was fulfilled by J. S. White & Co and their team of over 2000 men who promised that they would contribute a little every year for the upkeep and maintenance.
Friends of The Frank James.
Friends of The Frank James was born in March 2012 when a group of likeminded residents were fed up with the state of the Frank James Hospital, and chose to change this decision and save the building for future generations. Currently they have had 9 clear-up days where such people as Island MP Andrew Turner has shown and expressed an interest to save the building. Other famous people who are wanting to show their support are Alan Titchmarsh who lives on the Isle of Wight and was formerly the High Sheriff.

</doc>
<doc id="30940139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940139" title="Janusz Kaluski">
Janusz Kaluski

Janusz Marja Stefan Rogala Kaluski (1924–2010) was a sapper in the Polish Army who took part in the D-Day landings of World War II and who later won the Cross of Valour. In later life, Kaluski devoted himself to the philately of Poland, eventually becoming a Fellow of the Royal Philatelic Society London and donating his stamp collection of fifty years to the British Library Philatelic Collections in 2003.
Early life.
Jan Kaluski was born in Poland in 1924 and began collecting stamps in 1933, continuing until the outbreak of World War II in 1939.
World War II.
Kaluski joined the Polish Army in the West in 1941, after arriving in Scotland via Persia, Palestine, Egypt and South Africa. He took part in the D-Day landings as a sapper and carried out mine-clearing work in the Netherlands. He was awarded the Cross of Valour. After the war he settled in the United Kingdom where he lived for the rest of his life.
Later life.
Kaluski restarted his stamp collection in the early 1950s and spent the following fifty years expanding it.
He was reported as saying that he wished to donate his collection to the British people as a way of thanking them for welcoming him to Britain.
The Kaluski Collection.
The Kaluski Collection was donated to the British Library Philatelic Collections in 2003 and includes in 46 volumes postage stamps and postal history material of Poland from 1835 to 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="30940180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940180" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Namibe">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Namibe

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Namibe () is a diocese located in the city of Namibe in the Ecclesiastical province of Lubango in Angola. 
Special churches.
The Cathedral of the diocese is Sé Catedral de São Pedro (Cathedral of St. Peter) in Namibe.

</doc>
<doc id="30940195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940195" title="Ernest Montaut">
Ernest Montaut

Ernest Montaut (1879–1909) was a French poster artist who died at an early age. He is credited with the invention of various artistic techniques, such as speed lines and distorting perspective by foreshortening to create the impression of speed. These techniques are still in use.
Montaut's printmaking career started in the late 19th century. He used a lithographic stone to produce an outline of the image, the Pochoir process, often including the year of publication, the artist's name and that of the printer "Mabileau et Cie"., Paris. Printed on the image was also a descriptive title advertising cars, tires, carburettors etc., and various sponsoring firms. The outlines were then painted by hand using watercolour paints. The process took a few days for each print and was quite labour-intensive. The different artists resulted in noticeable variations in colour.
Montaut’s images display action, drama and derring-do - tortuous mountain passes covered at breakneck speed by the newly invented automobile. They document early developments in the history of motorised transport, such as motorboat racing, motorcycle and motor car racing, zeppelins and biplanes. His first motoring prints were created in the mid-1890s, and by 1897, the images had become pictorial records of the many racing events in France. Montaut's work was popular in Paris and was shown in the fashionable outlets on the "Rue de l'Opera" and "Rue de la Paix".
Prints continued to be produced after Montaut’s death in 1909 and it is thought that those signed 'Gamy' were created by Montaut's wife, Marguerite - 'Gamy' being an anagram of 'Magy', her nickname. Her works were occasionally signed 'M. Montaut'. Artists known to have collaborated with Montaut include Roowy, Nevil, Campion, Aldelmo, Brie, Dufourt and Jobbe du Val.

</doc>
<doc id="30940265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940265" title="1997–98 FC Barcelona season">
1997–98 FC Barcelona season


</doc>
<doc id="30940270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940270" title="Katowice Film School">
Katowice Film School

The Katowice Film School (WRiTV) is the Krzysztof Kieślowski Faculty of Radio and Television at University of Silesia (Polish: Wydział Radia i Telewizji imienia Krzysztofa Kieślowskiego Uniwersytetu Śląskiego). WRiTV is publicly funded film school located in Katowice.
History.
The Krzysztof Kieślowski Faculty of Radio and Television was set up in 1978. By the end of the following year, the teaching staff of the institution, commonly referred to as Katowice Film School or Krzysztof Kieślowski Film School in Katowice, already included a number of leading figures in the Polish film industry. Among its graduates are well known directors, producers and cameramen whose work has been a significant contribution to the Polish cultural heritage. The academic success of the faculty is largely due to the method of teaching, based on the close links between teachers and students (the “master and his followers” model). Trainee directors have the opportunity to present their productions to large TV audiences. The best student projects, financed and co-produced by the Polish Film Institute and featuring the University’s name, are put on during international film festivals, while the teaching staff see to it that the faculty’s name is known in academic and artistic circles throughout Europe.
Education.
The WRiTV offers full-time courses: Cinematography, Film and Television Producing, Film and Television Directing.
The WRiTV manages several well-equipped workrooms of film editing and film animation, photographic and film studios, facilities for picture, sound and photography processing, as well as a computer room, a cinema furnished with both a standard overhead projector and a DVD system, and a workroom of digital photography.
In terms of their research activities, faculty members are mostly concerned with the mass media and information society, state-owned television and communication policy in the European Union, the transformation of Polish television, the legal, political, economic and psychological aspects of privatization (e.g. advertisement as symptomatic of the changes in the economy and the media), the socio-political, cultural and practical aspects of artistic activity, the impact of television on the unconscious, and the application of information technology to the realm of art. A number of the faculty’s undergraduates contribute to the research through their active participation in student discussion groups.
The WRiTV is entitled to grant a doctoral degree in Film and Television Production.
Academic staff.
Among the prominent names who have cooperated with the WRiTV are such major figures as Jerzy Stuhr, Krzysztof Zanussi, Filip Bajon, Bogdan Dziworski, Andrzej Fidyk, Henryk Talar, Leszek Wosiewicz, Jerzy Duda-Gracz, Edward Zebrowski, Paweł Edelman and the late Krzysztof Kieślowski. Famous alumni include Maciej Dejczer, Waldemar Krzystek, Michał Rosa, Piotr Łazarkiewicz, Magdalena Piekorz, Piotr Wereśniak, Maciej Ślesicki, Adam Sikora, Marcin Wrona and Maciej Pieprzyca.
This cooperation with widely recognized artists has resulted in close links to many international institutions: prof. Krzysztof Zanussi – Papal Academy in Rome and Eurovision (Italy), prof. dr. hab. Lech Wojciech Zacher – International Council for Research into Scholarly Policy (France) and The International Association for Impact Assessment, prof. zw. Bogdan Dziworski – Den Danske Filmskole (Denmark), prof. dr. hab. Andrzej Fidyk – European Broadcasting Union, and prof. dr hab. Krystyna Doktorowicz – European Institute for the Media.

</doc>
<doc id="30940272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940272" title="Richard Watson (singer)">
Richard Watson (singer)

Richard Charles Watson (1903 – 2 August 1968) was an Australian bass opera and concert singer and actor. He is probably best remembered as a long-time principal with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company who sang the comic bass-baritone roles of the Savoy Operas, but he appeared in a wide range of operas at the Royal Opera House and with the Carl Rosa Opera Company with singers including Lotte Lehmann and Lauritz Melchior, under conductors including Sir Thomas Beecham and Bruno Walter.
He recorded some operatic music, and over a half dozen of his recordings with D'Oyly Carte remain in print, including his 1932 recording of King Hildebrand in "Princess Ida" and his recordings of the Learned Judge, Sergeant of Police, Pooh-Bah, Sir Despard Murgatroyd, Wilfred Shadbolt and Don Alhambra, released in 1949 and 1950.
Biography.
Early years.
Watson was born in Adelaide. After training at the Elder Conservatorium, he taught locally before being awarded a scholarship to the Royal College of Music in London in 1925. He also studied with the baritone Dinh Gilly. 
He made his London stage debut in a one-off charity matinée performance of a musical fantasy called "The Ladder" at Daly's Theatre in June 1927, in a cast led by Maggie Teyte. Also in the cast was Walter Johnstone-Douglas, who had taught Watson at the Royal College. He engaged Watson to appear in 1928 in a company including Astra Desmond, Roy Henderson and Steuart Wilson, performing in a season of operas at the Royal Court Theatre, London, in "Così fan tutte", "Master Peter's Puppet Show", "The Secret Marriage," and Vaughan Williams's new opera, "The Shepherds of the Delectable Mountains." Later that year, he sang in Charpentier's "Louise", conducted by Malcolm Sargent.
In 1929 Watson played Falstaff in the original production of Vaughan Williams's "Sir John in Love", conducted by Sargent. Later in the year, he sang in "The Tales of Hoffmann" with the Carl Rosa Opera Company and then joined the Covent Garden Opera touring company, under John Barbirolli, in a wide repertory from Wagner ("The Mastersingers"), to Verdi ("Falstaff"), to verismo ("Cavalleria rusticana" and "Pagliacci").
Watson was invited to sing with the international opera company at Covent Garden in the summer of 1930. He performed in Debussy's " Pelléas et Mélisande" and in "Die Meistersinger" (this time in German) under Bruno Walter. The latter was broadcast live by the BBC. After the international season, Watson again joined the touring company, performing in a range of operas, including "Turandot", "Rigoletto", "Aida" and "Tosca", which were relayed by the BBC. In 1932, he sang in Sir Thomas Beecham's Wagner festival at Covent Garden, in a company headed by Lotte Lehmann, Frida Leider, Lauritz Melchior and Friedrich Schorr. All the main Wagner operas were performed, with the exceptions of "Parsifal" (which Beecham never conducted) and "Lohengrin"; Watson appeared in every production.
From the late 1920s and throughout the 1930s, Watson was in demand as a concert singer and as a broadcasting and recording artist. He sang in Elgar's "The Apostles", in Worcester Cathedral under Sir Ivor Atkins, Schubert's Mass in A-flat under Adrian Boult with the Bach Choir, Handel's "Judas Maccabaeus", and the Verdi "Requiem".
D'Oyly Carte and later career.
In August 1932, Watson joined the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, remaining with the company for two years. His roles were Private Willis in "Iolanthe" and King Hildebrand in "Princess Ida", which he took over from the company's veteran bass-baritone Sydney Granville, and the Lieutenant of the Tower in "The Yeomen of the Guard", previously played by Leslie Rands. In December 1932, when "The Sorcerer" was revived, he was also given the small role of the Notary; in June 1933 he took over the role of Old Adam in "Ruddigore". During his two seasons, he also deputised occasionally for Darrell Fancourt as the Pirate King in "The Pirates of Penzance" and for Granville as Don Alhambra, the Grand Inquisitor, in "The Gondoliers".
In June 1934, Watson left D'Oyly Carte to rejoin the Carl Rosa company, touring for six months in a range of operas including Wagner's " Tannhäuser". At the end of the tour, he returned to Australia, touring with the J. C. Williamson Company in 1935–36 in the Gilbert and Sullivan operas, and three other pieces, "Lilac Time", "The Chocolate Soldier", and a rare revival of Robert Planquette's "Paul Jones". Also in the company were other former D'Oyly Carte performers, including Winifred Lawson and Ivan Menzies. Watson played Bouncer in "Cox and Box, "the Learned Judge in "Trial by Jury", the Sergeant of Police in "The Pirates of Penzance", Colonel Calverley in "Patience", Pooh-Bah in "The Mikado", Sir Despard Murgatroyd in "Ruddigore", Shadbolt in "The Yeomen of the Guard", and Don Alhambra in "The Gondoliers". 
Watson returned to England in 1936, and from then to 1939 appeared in concerts and operas, including a last-minute engagement to sing in "The Bartered Bride" at Covent Garden when the singer cast as Krušina fell ill. Watson and another bass, Booth Hitchen, learned the role within 24 hours, rehearsed by Beecham, and played the role for one act each. Watson then returned to Australia for another Williamson tour. During the tour, he added the Savoy opera roles of Doctor Daly in "The Sorcerer" and Bill Bobstay in "H.M.S. Pinafore" to his repertory. In December 1940, Watson married Joyce Armitage Tapson in Melbourne. In 1943, he was appointed principal teacher of singing at his old college, the Elder Conservatorium.
In September 1947, Watson returned to England and rejoined the D'Oyly Carte company. His roles were Bouncer, Private Willis (both shared with Richard Walker), the Learned Judge, Captain Corcoran in "Pinafore", Pooh-Bah, the Lieutenant, and Don Alhambra. He substituted for Fancourt in the 1947–48 season as the Pirate King. Walker, finding so many of his roles given to Watson, soon left the company, and Watson then took over Walker's remaining roles of Sergeant of Police in "Pirates" and Shadbolt in "Yeomen". In the 1947–48 season, Watson gave up the role of Captain Corcoran and played Bill Bobstay in "Pinafore". He also filled in on occasion for Fancourt as Colonel Calverley in "Patience". From November 1948, Watson also appeared as Sir Despard in "Ruddigore". He played most of these roles for his last three seasons with the company. 
Watson left for the second and last time at the end of the company's London season at the Savoy Theatre in August 1951. In 1949, the company had engaged Eleanor Evans as Stage Director. The choice was highly unpopular among the actors and contributed to a wave of defections, including the company's principal comedian, Martyn Green. Green wrote: "Discontent grew, changes were constantly taking place, and criticism became rampant. ... methods suggest a complete lack of knowledge, evidenced ... by constant self-contradiction. There were other accusations levelled against her, of a more serious nature". In addition to Green, "Ella Halman left too. So did Richard Watson ... Radley Flynn and no fewer than twenty-two other small part players and choristers. It was the largest single exodus of performers in D'Oyly Carte history".
Last years.
From 1951 to 1955, Watson was Director of the Regina Conservatory of Music at the University of Saskatchewan in Canada. He returned to Australia and made a final tour with the Williamson company from 1956 to 1958, playing his accustomed Gilbert and Sullivan roles. In the early 1960s, Watson played his last known part, as Bumble the beadle in the original Australian production of Lionel Bart's "Oliver!".
Watson died in Adelaide in 1968, aged 65.
Recordings.
Watson made numerous recordings for the Decca company. In the 1930s he made a series of recordings of operatic numbers and a few old ballads. Operatic solos included arias from Mozart's "The Seraglio" and "The Magic Flute" and Basilio's "Calumny" aria from Rossini's "The Barber of Seville" and, later, bass solos from works by Gounod and Bizet. He took part in recordings of duets and ensemble numbers from operas by Verdi, Puccini and Gounod; and, with Steuart Wilson and the pianist Gerald Moore and others, Brahms's "Liebeslieder-Walzer".
In 1932, Watson recorded King Hildebrand in "Princess Ida" with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company. Watson's second engagement with D'Oyly Carte coincided with an intensive period of recording by Decca of the main works of the Gilbert and Sullivan canon. He recorded the roles of the Learned Judge, Sergeant of Police, Pooh-Bah, Sir Despard, Shadbolt and Don Alhambra, released in 1949 and 1950. Of his Sergeant of Police on the 1949 "Pirates" recording, one reviewer wrote, "the chief glory of this recording is Richard Watson's Sergeant of Police. This performance alone makes the set worthwhile having."

</doc>
<doc id="30940277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940277" title="French Revolution (DVD)">
French Revolution (DVD)

French Revolution is a documentary about the events that started when a mob of angry Parisians stormed the Bastille and seized the King's military stores forcing the end of feudalism and the rise of equality and a new world order.

</doc>
<doc id="30940283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940283" title="The Tip-Off">
The Tip-Off

"The Tip-Off" is the third episode of series seven of the British espionage television series "Spooks", and the 58th episode overall. It was originally broadcast on digital channel BBC Three on 28 October 2008, and repeated on frontline channel BBC One on 3 November. The episode was written by Russell Lewis; with additional writing by Ben Richards; and directed by Peter Hoar. In the episode, Ben Kaplan (Alex Lanipekun) goes undercover to infiltrate an Al-Qaeda cell in London during a dry run before an expected attack. However, it later becomes apparent the terrorists are going to attack during the dry run.
Actor Alex Lanipekun believed the episode became a sort of "coming of age" for his character, as he had to deal with issues dealing with undercover operations including not to get close to a terrorist. The episode introduces the "Sugarhorse" story arc, which continues through to the series finale. In making the scene where Lucas North was waterboarded, Richard Armitage who portrays him was subjected to the actual torture to ensure the scene's authenticity. It was seen by over five million viewers after its original broadcast, and was given generally positive reviews. However, it received criticism for featuring the waterboarding scene.
Plot.
Chief of Section D Ros Myers (Hermione Norris) introduces Lucas North (Richard Armitage) to one of Adam Carter's assets, Pakistani intelligence officer Marlin (Emilio Doorgasingh). Marlin has information about a planned attack by Al-Qaeda; a cell intends to create Internet chatter, followed by a dry run, after which they will commence a series of suicide attacks. The ringleader behind this is Nadif Abdelrashid (Ariyon Bakare) who was previously responsible for similar attacks in Turkey and Somalia. Ben Kaplan is in his first undercover operation disguised as a recent convert to Islam and becomes part of the cell. As part of his cover, Ben shares a flat with Jawad (Tariq Jordan), another member. However, over the course of the operation Ben becomes close to Jawad, which Ben's handler Lucas advises against, as Jawad is not an innocent.
When Malcolm Wynn-Jones (Hugh Simon) discovers the chatter, Ben relays to the team that the dry run will commence the following day. On the day, Ben finds that Abdelrashid intends to carry out the attack ahead of schedule and during the dry run after Ben, Jawad, and two other men are given bombs. Ben relays this message to Lucas. Ros dispatches CO19 to apprehend Abdelrachid in his office, who intends to remote detonate the bombs. Another CO19 squad, as well as Lucas and Jo Portman (Miranda Raison) follow the cell members to a street market, which they will use to maximise civilian casualties. Ben admits he is MI5 to Jawad, who runs in panic and attempts to manually detonate his bomb; this results in getting gunned down by CO19 officers, much to Ben's dismay. After stopping another two bombs, Jawad's mobile phone rings, revealing Abdelrashid is not the "Mr. Big"; it is Marlin. He remote detonates the last bomb, killing the terrorist and the two CO19 officers holding him.
Although one bomb did detonate, Harry Pearce (Peter Firth) views the operation a success, as the other three did not, and no civilians were killed. Ben tells Lucas he was right about Jawad; he chose to become a bomber over seeing his family. Lucas receives a call from Marlin, who asks to meet with him. During the confrontation, Marlin admits he was forced to become Mr. Big when terrorists kidnapped his family. Now knowing he has failed, he commits suicide.
In a subplot, rainwater falls onto Lucas's face, which triggers a flashback where he was tortured by FSB interrogators during his eight-year imprisonment in Russia. The interrogators question him on "Sugarhorse." Lucas relays this to Harry, who claims not knowing what Sugarhorse is. However, he later visits a retired spycatcher Bernard Qualtrough (Richard Johnson) believing there is high level mole within MI5. He only reveals that Sugarhorse is MI5's "best kept secret" that only five people, including Richard Dolby (Robert East), the Director General, and himself, know the details of. Harry later returns to Qualtrough's bookstore to find out who the mole might be, starting by looking into Dolby's file.
Production.
The episode was written by Russell Lewis, with additional writing by Ben Richards. Ben Kaplan became the central character of the episode. Actor Alex Lanipekin, who portrays Ben, stated that "The Tip-Off" was a "kind of a coming of age" for the character, dealing with his first undercover operation. Lanipekun expanded:
The episode also introduces a story-arc, about Sugarhorse, that would be resolved by the end of the seventh series. Hermione Norris describes Sugarhorse as "a group of spies who were brought together after the ending of the cold war to infiltrate, at the highest level, all forms of Russian intelligence so that if a nuclear power ever came into being and was at the hands of the Russian people, MI5 and MI6 could infiltrate it and stop it." The cast read the brief on Sugarhorse, but were then told to shred it in order to maintain its secrecy from fans.
In a flashback sequence of the episode, Lucas is subjected to waterboarding, a method of torture. In order to ensure the authenticity of the sequence, Armitage was subjected to the actual torture. He agreed to perform the sequence after he was convinced by consultants from the FSB and CIA. Armitage was only waterboarded for a short time, and was filmed in slow motion to make it appear as if he was on for longer. Kudos film and television, the production company behind "Spooks", had to follow several health and safety provisions from an advisor to ensure the sequence strictly adheres to the advice. The advisor and a medic were present during filming. The ambient temperature of the room was raised to make Armitage as comfortable as possible. However, after the sequence was shot, Armitage changed his opinion entirely, stating; "I only lasted five to ten seconds, and the sound of my voice crying out to stop isn't me acting."
Broadcast and reception.
The episode was originally broadcast on the digital channel BBC Three from 11 pm on Tuesday, 28 October 2008, after the broadcast of the second episode on BBC One. The episode would later be repeated on BBC One on Monday, 3 November 2008 during the 9 pm to 10 pm time slot, except in Northern Ireland, where it was withheld until 10:35 pm. There is no ratings data available for the BBC Three broadcast. On the BBC One broadcast, the episode was seen by 5.2 million viewers, an improvement of 140,000 from the previous episode, with a 21.6 per cent audience share, winning its time slot against the return of detective series "Taggart" on ITV1, and other terrestrial channels. According to the Broadcasters' Audience Research Board, the episode received final viewing figures of 5.59 million, making the episode the 17th most seen broadcast on BBC One, and 32nd in overall television the week it was shown.
Mof Gimmers of "TV Scoop" was positive towards the episode, calling it "a tense week for Section D" and added "our guys did a pretty good job." Gimmers also thought Ben "did well on his first undercover mission too, didn't you think? Apart from verging on sympathy for the young brainwashed bombers. Still, he's young. He'll get over it." On Ros' role in the episode, Gimmers said "I don't think I'll ever be able to say I'm "warming" to such an ice queen as Ros, but I will admit to a growing admiration." Scott Matthewman of "The Stage" stated "the seventh series of the spy show continues apace," and praised the episode for "the superb performance of Hermione Norris as Ros Myers, fast becoming the twisted moral centre of the show. Both she and Peter Firth's Harry Pearce get some great dialogue every week, so it's a shame that the rest of the cast aren’t afforded the same luxury."
"The Guardian" columnist Zoe Williams criticised the actual waterboarding in the torture scene, saying "it's really unpleasant, concurred. 'I only lasted five to 10 seconds, and the sound of my voice crying out to stop isn't me acting.' Pal, that's nice that you're not showing off but this is all wrong and despicable: it's like locking yourself and 10 friends into a loo on a commuter train, to see what it would be like on the train to Auschwitz. If you can make it stop whenever you like, you're learning nothing and kicking people in the face while you're at it."

</doc>
<doc id="30940285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940285" title="ArtBakery">
ArtBakery

ArtBakery is an art centre based in the village of Bonendale a few kilometers from Douala and founded by Goddy Leye. The centre offers trainings for emerging artists (Master Class), journalists (Art Daily) and residency programs for young artists (Portfolio). ArtBakery is specifically designed to technically support the production of multimedia artworks, video and digital art.
History.
ArtBakery is founded in 2002 after the artist Goddy Leye moves back to Cameroon from the Netherlands. The centre is part of the Rijksakademie International Network (RAIN), a network of artists who support contemporary cultural practices in their countries of origin. RAIN supports ArtBakery and its first project "Bessengue City".
Activities.
Bessengue City.
"Bessengue City" is a project designed and coordinated by Goddy Leye and organised in Bessengue Douala in October 2002. The project involved the artists James Beckett, Goddy Leye, Hartanto, Jesus Palomino and the local community and it was produced with the support of Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunsten of Amsterdam and by the programme R.A.I.N. Rain Artists’ Initiative Network. 
James Beckett produces in the neighbourhood of Bessengue an experimental radio, with a range of one kilometre and the collaboration of a group of young people which made interviews and recordings. The radio was called "Radio Bessengue City", or "Dikalo la Bessengue" (the messenger of Bessengue) becomes, as one listener said, “the radio of the people by the people”. 
Jesus Palomino creates a shelter using locally available materials. 
Goddy Leye takes pictures of twenty smiling people from the neighbourhood and makes some digital manipulation. The portraits are printed and arranged in random groups and positioned as posters in the estate. Produced from the same footage, the 6-minute video called "Bouquet de Sourires" (Bouquet of Smiles), is shown in the neighbourhood. 
Hartanto builds the website of the project and he connects one person from Bessengue with another from Bandung. The messages, written in French (Bessengue) and Indonesian (Bandung), are scanned and sent with their translation in both directions. News on everyday life and the local environment are exchanged on a daily basis.
Exit Tour.
"Exit Tour - Douala, Cotonou, Lomé, Accra, Ouagadougou, Bamako, Dakar" is a collaborative artistic project organised in 2006. In occasion of Dak'art 2006, seven artists (Ginette Daleu, Justine Gaga, Dunja Herzog, Lucfosther Diop, Achillekà Komguem, Alioum Moussa and Goddy Leye) departed from Douala and reached Dakar using only public transportation. During the three-months journey, the artists visited galleries, artists and participated to workshops in Cotonou, Lomé, Accra, Ouagadougou, Bamako, Dakar.

</doc>
<doc id="30940286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940286" title="Lipót Pálffy de Erdőd">
Lipót Pálffy de Erdőd

Count Lipót (Leopold) Pálffy de Erdőd (1764–1825) was the Count of Pozsony County and the Major General, who after the destruction of Dévény Castle negotiated with Napoleon I.

</doc>
<doc id="30940287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940287" title="Kawhmu Township">
Kawhmu Township

Kawmhu Township ( ) is a township of Yangon Region, Myanmar. It is located in the southwestern section of the Region. Kawhmu was one of the most affected townships in Yangon Region of Cyclone Nargis.
Politics and History.
Labor activist and political prisoner Su Su Nway is from Htan Manaing village in the township, where she became the first Burmese national to successfully sue local government officials under a 1999 law for forced labour.
In January 2012, after spending years in house arrest under the orders of Myanmar's ruling junta, Aung San Suu Kyi announced that she would be running for elected office to represent Kawhmu in parliament in elections slated for April 2012. The elections came after the Burmese government, led by President Thein Sein, began normalizing relations with the West and showing other signs of democratic reform.
On April 1, 2012, Suu Kyi won her local election and now represents Kawhmu Township in the Burmese lower house of parliament. She is aligned with the National League for Democracy (NLD), a party that had not participated in major elections for nearly two decades because of various bans and boycotts.

</doc>
<doc id="30940289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940289" title="Evans balance">
Evans balance

An Evans balance is a device for measuring magnetic susceptibility. Magnetic susceptibility is related to the force experienced by a substance in a magnetic field. Various practical devices are available for the measurement of susceptibility, which differ in the shape of the magnetic field and the way the force is measured.
In the Gouy balance there is a homogeneous field in the central region between two (flat) poles of a permanent magnet, or an electromagnet. The sample, in the form of a powder in a cylindrical tube, is suspended in such a way the one end lies in the centre of the field and the other is effectively outside the magnetic field. The force is measured by an analytical balance
The Evans balance employs a similar sample configuration, but measures the force on the magnet. Two pairs of magnets are placed at opposite ends of a beam making a balanced system with a magnetic field at each end. When a sample, which is fixed in a holder, is introduced into the field of one magnet, that magnet experiences a force which would deflect the beam. A magnetic field is generated at the second magnet which, by negative feedback, restores the beam to its original position. The current required to do this is proportional to the force exerted on the first magnet. The advantage of this system is that it is cheap to construct as it does not require a precision weighting device.
Calibration.
The Evans balance measures susceptibility indirectly by referring to a calibration standard of known susceptibility. The most convenient compound for this purpose is mercury cobalt thiocyanate, HgCo(NCS)4, which has a susceptibility of 16.44×10−6 (±0.5%) CGI at 20°C. Three readings of the meter are needed, of an empty tube, "R"0 of the tube filled with calibrant and of the tube filled with the sample, "R"s. The first two provide a calibration constant, "C". The mass susceptibility in grams is calculated as
where "L" is the length of the sample and "m" is its mass in grams. The reading for the empty tube is needed because the tube glass is diamagnetic.

</doc>
<doc id="30940296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940296" title="2011 Qatar Ladies Open – Singles">
2011 Qatar Ladies Open – Singles

Maria Sharapova was the last champion of the event in 2008, but chose not to compete.<br>
Vera Zvonareva won the final against Caroline Wozniacki 6–4, 6–4.
Seeds.
The top four seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="30940374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940374" title="Alexandru Tudori">
Alexandru Tudori

Marian Alexandru Tudori (born 11 October 1978 in Bucharest) is a Romanian rugby union player. He plays as a flanker.
He plays for CS Dinamo București (rugby).
Tudori has 35 caps for Romania, since 2003, with 4 tries scored, 20 points in aggregate. He was called for the 2003 Rugby World Cup, playing four games, and for the 2007 Rugby World Cup, playing three games. He never scored in any of his two presences.

</doc>
<doc id="30940380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940380" title="Fremont Mill Bridge">
Fremont Mill Bridge

The Fremont Mill Bridge in Anamosa, Iowa was built in 1873. It was designed and/or built by Massillon Iron Bridge Company. It is a bowstring, through arch truss bridge. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="30940398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940398" title="Augustine Hu Daguo">
Augustine Hu Daguo

Augustine Hu Daguo (15 May 1921 – 17 February 2011) was, in time, recognized by the Vatican as the underground Roman Catholic bishop (as such, he was then considered a part of the Vatican-recognized hierarchy in China approved by and in communion with the Pope) of the Roman Catholic Apostolic Prefecture of Shiqian, Shihtsien, of the China. The Apostolic Prefecture of Shiqian is a suffragan see in the Province of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guiyang, also in China.
Augustine Hu Daguo was born on 15 May 1921 to a family of long Christian tradition in Tongzhou, China. He was baptized when he was one month old. From the age of 7 to 11 he studied the Bible and regularly frequented the local Catholic church. In 1936 he entered the Minor Seminary of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guiyang in Guiyang, China, in Guizhou Province. He was ordained to the priesthood on 29 June 1951. After his presbyteral ordination, he taught in the Major Seminary, and in 1955 he was sent to work in the parish of Youtangkou as the pastoral vicar. On 4 April 1955 Hu was arrested, and then imprisoned for three years in the detention center of Guizhou Province. In 1958, he was sentenced to ten years of forced labor and re-education in three different factories of Guizhou Province. At the end of his sentence he was sent to semi-detention in a factory in Fuquan, China, in southern Guizhou Province. Later, he was sent to teach in the theological seminary of Chengdu, China, in the province of Sichuan Archdiocese. Four years later he was removed from his position, and returned to Guizhou Province, where he was appointed pastor of Duyun, Dushan, Fuquan, Tuanbo, and Wen'an. Hu was secretly ordained a Bishop in 1987 by Bishop Peter Joseph Fan Xueyan, the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Baoding; the Vatican later approved the ordination. In 1999, at the age of almost 80, Bishop Hu sustained a leg injury from which he never really fully recovered.

</doc>
<doc id="30940413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940413" title="Dreamin' (Will to Power song)">
Dreamin' (Will to Power song)

"Dreamin'" is the debut single by the American dance-pop band Will to Power, released in 1987 off their self-titled debut album. The dance song reached No. 50 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 15 on the dance chart in the United States. Many different versions were recorded, including an extended version and a "Manhattan Mix".

</doc>
<doc id="30940424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940424" title="Polistes annularis">
Polistes annularis

Polistes annularis ("P. annularis") is a species of paper wasp which lives in North America. A eusocial wasp, "P. annularis" demonstrates behavior typical of other Polistine wasps, such as a dominance hierarchy, relatively small colony size, and a female-biased sex ratio. Unlike other wasps, "P. annularis" is relatively robust in winter conditions, and has also been observed to store honey in advance of hibernation. It is closely related to "P. major, P. buysonni," and others in the subgenus Aphanilopterus, and slightly less related to the more common "P. bellicosus, P. carolina, P. metricus," and "P. fuscatus".
Description.
Unlike other North American "Polistes" species, "P. annularis" shows little sexual dimorphism in coloration. This species differs from "Polistes metricus" in terms of the coloration of the antennae and thorax. There is geographical variation in coloration between northern and southern populations. In the north, the thorax of "P. annularis" has ferruginous (rust-red) markings on a predominantly black background, while in the south, the thorax is mostly ferruginous, with black markings. The legs also vary from black to ferruginous. In terms of size, the forewings are long in females, and long in males.
Taxonomy and classification.
The first description of "P. annularis" was published by Carl Linnaeus in his 1763 "Centuria Insectorum", where he named the species "Vespa annularis". It was moved to the genus "Polistes" by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1804, two years after Pierre André Latreille had erected the new genus.
"P. annularis" is within the order Hymenoptera, which includes most of the social insects. It is further placed within the subfamily Polistnae (paper wasps), which is the second largest of the subfamilies within Vespidae. Polistinae contains two main behavioral groups: wasps which form nests with large number of workers, and those wasps which found nests with few workers and foundresses (the latter including "P. annularis"). This subfamily likely arose in the mid to late Jurassic period, around 145 to 175 million years ago. P. annularis diverged from P. bellicosus between 10 and 80 million years before the present day. It is currently placed in the New World subgenus "Aphanilopterus".
Ecology and Distribution.
"P. annularis" is found across the eastern United States from New York to Florida, and west to a line from South Dakota to Texas. This range is similar to that of "Polistes exclamans".
"P. annularis" forms its nests on the branches of trees and shrubs as well as in sheltered parts of some buildings. The nests differ markedly from those of other species in the genus "Polistes". They are much larger, with around 500 cells, and are wide, rather than the slender, elongate nests seen in some other species.
"P. annularis" preys on caterpillars from a large number of lepidopteran families, including Arctiidae, Saturniidae, Geometridae, Limacodidae, Lymantriidae, Notodontidae, Nymphalidae, Sphingidae, Erebidae, Noctuidae, Amphisbatidae and Elachistidae.
Behavior.
Dominance hierarchy.
"P. annularis", a eusocial animal, demonstrates a dominance hierarchy, due to group competition over scarce resources. Within a colony, certain wasps will chew on or attack others to demonstrate power. Individuals that are ranked differently demonstrate different behaviors; higher ranked wasps have a propensity for “tailwagging” and “checking cells” as compared to lower ranked workers, similar to "Polistes dominula". Workers have been observed to forage for caterpillars more often than queens. Queens, the highest ranked individual in a nest, will usually lay the highest percentage of eggs, though subordinates are sometimes allowed to lay eggs as well. Should a foreign organism attempt to land, a female on the nest will engage the arriving wasp with her antennae. This clash may last for several minutes and may escalate into grappling. Queens are more active on larger and newer nests. Many of these behaviors are the result of high reproductive competition between females. Despite the hierarchy and its dependence on queen size, larger queens do not necessarily inhibit egg laying by subordinates better than smaller queens. However, queens do develop far larger and more developed ovaries than their subordinates, and often have more mature eggs within.
Much of "P. annularis"’s dominance hierarchy is dependent on dry weight, residue weight, wing length, and fat content. Females from different nests exhibit considerable variation in these factors while females originating from the same nest are quite similar to each other in these factors. In some cases, the queen may be smaller than some of the worker wasps on the nest, weighing less and having a lower fat content, though this is atypical. Heavier wasps, as well as those with more fat content, typically have greater ovarian development; dry weight is typically more correlated with ovarian development than any other parameter. Ovarian development has been correlated with dominance hierarchy in other polistine wasps, "Polistes gallicus and Polistes metricus".
Foundress grouping.
Group nesting is especially prevalent and varied in "P. annularis", with reports of foundresses per nest ranging from one to 28, with an arithmetic mean of 3.82 to 4.93, depending on the year. However, variation by year only explains two percent of the variance in the grouping size of foundresses. Only a small number of queens run a nest without a partner (about five percent), while about three quarters of foundresses become subordinate to a queen on the nest. This species will only become foundresses with other wasps if they were born in the same nest. Large aggregations of foundresses are seen when females reuse the nest in which they were born, either by reusing the cells themselves (uncommon) or by building a new nest on top of the old one. Where females reuse the natal nest, an average of between seven and eight foundresses may be seen on the nest, a significantly greater number than those seen on new nests (4.34). Foundress number plays a major role in determining the success of a colony. Colonies are on average 60 to 65% successful at producing workers and reproductive, respectively. However, nests with one foundress are only 20% successful at surviving until workers emerge. Nests with four or more foundresses have an 80% chance of success. Strangely, the inclusive fitness of subordinate foundresses is lower than their fitness in the case where they established a nest alone; it remains unclear why such subordinates do not leave the nest to establish their own. They may be “making the best of a bad job,” though there is scant evidence to indicate this.
Foundress eviction and mortality due to worker emergence.
Multiple foundresses may create a nest; some studies have shown that an average of four to five foundresses may inhabit a "P. annularis" nest. However, selective pressure tends to eliminate any additional foundresses once workers emerge. This is due to multiple factors. First, given the scarcity of space and resources, the foundresses will compete with each other to raise the best offspring. In addition, workers can perform all the same functions as foundresses with minimal competition. Lastly, the relatedness between workers and their eggs versus those of the foundress; workers would be more related to their sisters than their own offspring. These factors may combine to result in the expulsion of the subordinate foundresses. Such behavior was first seen in another polistine wasp, "Polistes gallicus". Subordinate foundress mortality has been found to significantly increase following worker emergence when compared to mortality rates prior to worker emergence. This pattern is also observed in "P. exclamans" and "P. carolinus", but not "P. bellicosus". In some of these species, including "P. annularis", subordinates decrease foraging rate following worker emergence. Unlike other polistine wasps, "P. annularis" tends to more severe consequences after worker emergence, despite this change in behavior. This puzzle is currently unsolved, though it may deal with senescence. Decreased foraging also accompanies decreased aggression. Comparing across polistine wasps, foundress eviction is generally independent of rate of usurpation; "P. annularis" has a usurpation rate of about nine percent. When all foundresses are evicted, colony failure rate is high: in nests where multiple foundresses are evicted, around 19% of nests fail, but when only one foundress was originally present, almost 80% of nests will fail. When pupae appear, queens are less aggressive towards their subordinates, as compared to the times at which only larvae are present. Some other social insects, such as ants, evict queens, while others, such as termites, seem to permit multiple queens.
Colony cycle.
"P. annularis" has been found to exhibits slight variations in its colony cycle from year to year based on environmental conditions, in part due to the ability of females to switch castes. Typically, the largest and top ranking female founds a nest and lays the largest percentage of eggs, while subordinates forage. After workers emerge from the eggs, many of the subordinate foundresses disappear; the nest will usually lose its original queen before more eggs can be laid at the end of the season. A worker with fully developed ovaries will take over the nest and become a gyne. It has been demonstrated that earlier queen death corresponds to an earlier arrest in rearing brood, which may be due to a decrease in relatedness between the new queen and the nascent females, or due to internal conflict on the nest. Additionally, if resources decrease, such as during a drought, brood rearing will end sooner than in more prosperous years, and females will choose to become gynes as opposed to workers. Much of these variations can be rationalized via relatedness and Hamilton’s Rule: females are more related to sisters than to brothers, and will try to skew the queen's sex ratio to be three females to one male.
Queen determination, behavior, and succession.
In the absence of a queen, dominance conflicts will arise between foundresses on the nest. Wasps will routinely attack each other over a several week period, and certain wasps will eventually remit, leaving room for a new queen. Subordinates may then be chased from the nest. During the competitions, cell construction has been observed to stop, as well as oviposition. The new queen will lay more eggs than her co-foundresses, and dominate them as explained above. In so doing, she will cause the ovaries of other workers to decrease in size, to the point that they will be eliminated following the hatching of new workers. The queen will lay eggs, while the other females are constrained to laying eggs solely at the beginning of the association of the group. The queen may lay up to 55% of eggs, while her direct subordinates, named beta subordinates, will lay most of the remaining eggs. Should the queen disappear, the previous beta subordinate will take over as the new queen, leading to increased aggression. This aggression may result from the competition to lay eggs. When a foundress succeeds as the new queen, no additional aggression is observed, but if a worker becomes queen, aggression rises, likely because the dominance hierarchy is not as well established on these nests. Often when the queen dies, the oldest foundress will succeed her, due to her size and dominance in the nest. Despite aggression after the removal of a queen, brood care does not decrease.
Sex ratios.
Other species of "Polistes" exhibit a female biased sex ratio due to the 3:1 relatedness between sisters, while still other members of the genus have a virtually unbiased sex ratio. Research has demonstrated that northern wasps tent to have biased ratios, while southern wasps are less biased, in large part because southern wasp sisters have lower relatedness. Since the relatedness between sisters in "P. exclamans" is 0.39, and since "P. exclamans" and "P. annularis" have similar geographic distributions, one may presume that the sex allocation patterns of "P. annularis" follow that of "P. exclamans".
Recent studies have noted that members of the brood are highly related to the queen, but are less related to the subordinates and their mates, aligning more with a 1:1 sex ratio. As such, it is to the benefit of the wasp to be a reproductive queen as opposed to a worker, if feasible.
Honey caching.
"P. annularis" was the first wasp which did not form large colonies to be observed storing honey in the autumn. The wasps store the honey over the winter in order to facilitate their survival in colder months and assist in the recognition of sisters, who will help construct new nests near their original one. The caching begins in early to mid-autumn, after which time the wasps retreat from the nest to hibernacula when the temperature drops below approximately 5°C. They return to the nests when the weather permits, such as on warmer days. This behavior exposes "P. annularis" to attack from other insects of the same species, wasps of other species, such as those of the genus Vespula, and from mammals. However, "Polistes" have evolved to hide their nests from most mammals or put them in an area as to make them inaccessible. Invading insects are attacked. Despite the fact that birds are common enemies of polistine wasps, none have been observed attacking nests for honey. The wasps may either gorge on the honey, or ration it, given that they are social insects. Additionally, it has been found that wasps with nests containing honey are significantly more likely to survive the cold winter than those wasps whose nests do not contain honey.
Altruism.
As with many other species in Hymenoptera, as well as other polistine wasps, "P. annularis" has been noted to engage in altruistic behavior. For example, despite the lack of drastic morphological differentiation between workers and foundresses, and the benefits procured by a worker becoming a foundress on a new nest, a worker may lay less than ten percent as many eggs as her queen, independent of the number of females on the nest. This results in vastly decreased inclusive fitness for the worker and greatly increased inclusive fitness of the foundress, even if the sisters are related by a factor of 0.75, the maximum possible relatedness for outbred sisters. Should the works be acting in such a manner, it may create a direct cost upon which selection can act. However, evidence for this has been scant, and researchers are currently investigating why and how such levels of altruism are sustained in "P. annularis".
Pre-nesting aggregations.
As new nests are established by "P. annularis", many behavioral characteristics from the prior nest are taken to the new one. Notably, related siblings tend to aggregate together and go to the same nest, where possible. However, unlike in other Hymenoptera (eusocial insects), the wasps tend to act as independent agents; while the queen is at the top of the dominance hierarchy, the other wasps may lay eggs and forage for themselves as they see fit. As queens or foundresses evict other females, the aggregations will begin to dissolve.
Nest construction and site selection.
"P. annularis" females select a new nest site every year; they never use the same nest twice. The site is often within several meters of the previous one. Nests have been seen on cliffs and buildings, and less commonly in trees and on shrubs. Occasionally, wasps will construct a new nest on the face of the old one, but will not use the old one to store larvae. Researchers have speculated that the old nest is not reused because it is often damaged, dirty, and parasitized in the late summer or winter. Other animals, such as moths, may use the empty nest during the winter.
Being a paper wasp, "P. annularis" will gather wood fibers to construct the new nest. The queen will typically remain on the nest while subordinates search for wood. Fibers are often acquired by scraping the surface with the mandible, and mixing the resulting fibers with saliva to create a pulp. The pulp is added to the nest in a consistent manner.
Collection of food.
Due to the dominance hierarchy, the queen leaves the nest as little as possible, and has the other wasps forage on her behalf. In small groups of wasps (two to three foundresses), the queen may be forced to forage. As workers emerge, they take over the role of foraging. "P. annularis" preys on moths, butterflies, flies, and other insects. Unlike other organisms in the genus, "P. annularis" generally takes its food from wooded areas, and not from fields. However, prey represents only 20% of food resources; the other 80% is liquid.
Winter behavior and cold hardiness.
Despite morphological similarities, queens and workers exhibit different behavior over the winter months. Queens will overwinter, whereas workers will not. Researchers have theorized that this difference in behavior is a direct consequence of the dominance hierarchy. Experimental treatment of wasps to cold conditions resulted in increased trehalose in both sexes, though females also increased levels of glucose and fructose, while males maintained or decreased these levels. Wasps at normal foraging temperature showed significantly lower carbohydrate levels than wasps treated at colder temperatures. In addition, exposing "P. annularis" to low temperatures over a two week period caused many workers, but no foundresses and few males, to die. Foundresses appear to have greater glycogen storage capability than workers, helping them survive low temperatures. Males often have higher glucose, fructose, and trehalose levels higher than those of queens, indicating that mating may continue into autumn or winter. "P. annularis" cannot tolerate frost, though it has been shown to be able to survive at temperatures below the minimum temperature in the area in which it resides.

</doc>
<doc id="30940434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940434" title="Lexa Roséan">
Lexa Roséan

Lexa Roséan (born May, 1958), is an American Wiccan high priestess and an initiated neo-Gardnerian Minoan witch, dancer and writer.
Also known as the Supermarket Sorceress, in 2005 she was voted "Best Witch in NYC" by "The Village Voice". Roséan has been the subject of numerous articles in publications including "The New York Times", "Newsday", "USA Today", "Voice of Russia" and "Marie Claire" (Chinese edition), as well as a featured guest on television programs, including CNN, "20/20" "The Joan Rivers Show", MTV, Food Network, and Fox News. She is also a lecturer and pagan writer. She has authored and published eight books on spellcraft, Wicca, astrology, and Tarot (four of which have been translated into German and Russian); she has written special articles as well as a monthly astrology column for publications such as "CosmoGirl", "Seventeen" and "ReporTango".
Though she prepares spells for clients regularly, she is very adamant about her role: "I have always been clear that no one can do it for you—you have to participate in it," she insists. "I am great at soul diagnostics and prescribing magickal solutions, but the client has to take the medication (work the spell) once I prepare it for their specific needs."
Kate Walter, writing for "The Village Voice", described Roséan as "a cross between a psychic and a shrink".
Early life.
At age 12, her mother had given her both an Ouija board and her first deck of Tarot cards. By her early teens, however, her family became (as she terms it) "born-again Jews" and joined the Orthodox Hasidic community. It was then that Roséan also became actively interested in Kabbalahthe study of which was forbidden to women. At age 15, she came out as a lesbian and was officially excommunicated by a Beis Din (council of Rabbis).
Originally from Miami, at age 17 she moved to New York City, New York, to attend Yeshiva University, where she earned a degree in English and communications and was instrumental in starting a theater major. As part of her studies, she worked as an intern at the Actors Studio where she studied with Lee Strasberg, Shelley Winters and Ellen Burstyn. It was at this time that she also began her education as a witch.
"I was on my way to a rehearsal for a show called "The Late Comers"and I was lateand suddenly something made me turn and slow down. I looked and there it was: The Magickal Childe." There she began reading books on the occult. Subsequently, she attended weekly meetings and took initiations into the Ordo Templi Orientis, attended lectures with Grady Louis McMurtry and Leo Martello, and received tutelage from Rolla Nordic and Hans Holzer, with whom she developed a close friendship. Roséan also became a member of the Rosicrucians, read Aleister Crowley, studied Golden Dawn ceremonial magick, and then committed to the path of Wicca. "In Wicca the focus is on the seasonal rites, and spells and herbalism; in ceremonial magick it is more on angels and demons and incantationsand Crowley re-introduced me to the Kabbalah, with an occult twist," Rosean observed. "And they are all interconnected." After two years of study at the Magickal Childe, under the guidance of Lady Rhea, she was initiated as a witch, and after two more years became elevated to third-degree High Priestess and witch.
Roséan managed the original Enchantments in the East Village (owned by Lady Rhea and Lady Miw) and was the Priestess for the Minoan Sisterhood training circle from 1982 to 2000. During those years, in addition to giving astrological and psychic readings, she also taught astrology, Tarot, Kabbalah, Wicca, astral projection, and spellcraft, and served as the official coven oracle.
Writing.
Aside from her writing on the occult, Roséan is also a playwright, short-story writer, poet and novelist. Her plays, which include "The Swim", "The Prisoner", "Lesbians in the Bible", and "I Married a Lesbian Witch", have been produced at New York City theatres, including The WOW Café, La Mama, Dixon Place, and PS 122. Her short stories have been published in various journals as well as anthologized in the collections "Women on Women 2" and "Celebrating the Pagan Soul". "A Kosher Megila" an excerpt from her novel, "Spinoza's Daughter", was also included in "Women on Women 3". Her poetry can be found on the Knitting Factory's "100 Greatest Poets" album, and was also reviewed by Michael Musto in "The Village Voice".
Tango.
Roséan is also a dancer. As a child she studied ballet, and as a young adult flamenco, ballroom, tap and jazz. In 1995 she discovered Argentine tango. "I went to see Tango Mujer", she recalls. "Then I went to a milonga that Dani Carpi hosted on Suffolk Street and I took the beginner lesson. After, from the bar, I watched people tango the rest of the nightit was magical. The next day I went out and bought tango shoes and that was it."
She went on to study tango and dance milonga with Argentine tango dancers, including Carlos Gavito, Susana Miller, Tete Rusconi, Omar Vega and Alicia Cruzado. From 2002 to 2004, she taught both group classes and private lessons at DanceSport in New York City. In 2007, dancing with Kumiko Ueki, Roséan placed third in salon in the first US Tango Championship, and was subsequently invited by the Argentine government to compete in the Mundial tango competition in Buenos Aires, Argentina. (Though she and Ueki declined the invitation, it was significant moment both for them and for the tango community; it was the first time Mundial had allowed a same-sex couple to enter the competition.)
In the following two years she again competed and placed in the US Tango Championship. In 2008, dancing with Gayle Gibbons Madeira, she placed third in Salon and first in stage; in 2009, she placed third in stage.
In 2008, Roséan hosted the first weekly lesbian milonga in New York City's West Village, at the Rubyfruit Bar and Grill. In 2009, Roséan was invited to the Queer Hamburg Tango Festival as a guest teacher, DJ and performer. In 2010, as part of New York City's first Queer Tango Festival, she taught, DJ'd and performed at various venues including the Players Club. In 2012 she guest DJ'd at the Queer Tango Festival in Berlin. Roséan lives in New York City, teaches privately, DJs, and dances social tango.

</doc>
<doc id="30940437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940437" title="Jonathan Perry (politician)">
Jonathan Perry (politician)

Jonathan Wayne Perry (born January 27, 1973) is a Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate from District 26 (Vermilion and portions of Acadia, Lafayette, and St. Landry parishes). An outgoing member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 47 (Vermilion and Cameron parishes), Perry won a special election for the state Senate held on February 19, 2011. 
The Senate vacancy occurred with the resignation of the Democrat Nick Gautreaux, who accepted an appointment from Republican Governor Bobby Jindal to head the Louisiana Office of Motor Vehicles in Baton Rouge.
Perry's victory is particularly significant because it realigns the Senate, where Republicans will have their first majority since Reconstruction, with twenty of the thirty-nine members. 
Perry is also known as a comedian and has released DVDs of his stand-up Cajun routines. Perry is among the most sought after Cajun comedians in the world and is a past "king" of the "International Cajun Joke Telling Contest."
Background.
Perry graduated in 1991 from Kaplan High School in Kaplan in Vermilion Parish, Louisiana, where he still resides. In 1995, he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in sociology and criminal justice from the University of Louisiana at Monroe in Monroe in Ouachita Parish. Thereafter, he procured a Juris Doctor from the historically black Southern University Law Center in Baton Rouge.
Perry is married to his high school sweetheart, the former Christine LeBeouf, and the couple has four children, Molli, Meredith, Major, and Marlee. Perry is a former sergeant on the Kaplan city police force. While studying law, he served on the Kaplan City Council, the youngest person in that position in the history of his city. He is also a former assistant district attorney for the 15th Judicial District, which covers Acadia, Lafayette, and Vermilion parishes.
House service.
Representative Perry served on the House committees of (1) Administration of Criminal Justice, (2) Agriculture, Forestry, Aquaculture and Rural Development, and (3) Ways and Means. He was the chairman of the House Acadiana delegation and a member of the Louisiana Rural Caucus. Perry serves on the Louisiana Commission on Family and Marriage, the Louisiana Energy Council, and the Governor's Task Force on D.W.I. and Vehicular Homicide.
Perry holds a 100 percent rating from the Louisiana Right to Life Committee. Since 2008, he has been named "Outstanding Family Advocate" by the conservative Louisiana Family Forum. In 2009, he received that organization's "Life and Liberty Award". He also carries a 100 percent rating from the trade association, the Louisiana Association of Business and Industry.
Senate election.
Perry defeated the Democrat Nathan Charles Granger (born January 23, 1968), a member of the Vermilion Parish Police Jury from Erath, who owns two oilfield service companies. Perry received 10,179 votes (52 percent) to Granger's 9,491 (48 percent). Perry's 53-47 percent margin in his own Vermilion Parish, where the majority of the ballots were cast in the race, proved decisive to his election. The voter turnout was nearly 36 percent.
The Louisiana blog "The Dead Pelican" reported near the end of the Senate campaign that Granger's campaign manager was from Washington State, not Louisiana, and in 2008 had organized supporters of U.S. Senator Barack Obama, the Democratic presidential nominee from Illinois. Granger reported having raised $310,000 for the campaign and ran advertising accusing Perry of having voted to gut higher education and failure to have prosecuted a seven-time DWI offender while Perry was an assistant district attorney. In an interview on "The Moon Griffon Show" talk radio program based from Monroe on February 17, 2011, Granger called himself a conservative and denied that he had the support of Obama in the special election. Records also reveal that Granger contributed to two Republican candidates from his area, former State Senator Craig Romero and U.S. Representative Jeff Landry, both of New Iberia.
Senatorial humorists.
Stand-up comic Perry is not the only Louisiana state senator known for his humor and theatrics. Fred H. Mills, Jr., of St. Martin Parish, who preceded Perry in the Senate by only a month, has since the middle 1990s been performing in television commercials for his pharmacy in Parks in the role of "Taunte Pills," a comic Cajun character.

</doc>
<doc id="30940439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940439" title="Conquistadors (TV series)">
Conquistadors (TV series)

Conquistadors (2000) is a documentary retelling of the story of the Spanish expeditions of conquest of the Americas. In this 4-part series historian Michael Wood travels in the footsteps of the Spanish expeditions, from Amazonia to Lake Titicaca, and from the deserts of North Mexico to the heights of Macchu Picchu.

</doc>
<doc id="30940449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940449" title="Thomas Bludder">
Thomas Bludder

Sir Thomas Bludder (died 29 September 1655) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1621 and 1640.
Bludder was the son of Sir Thomas Bludder of Flanchford Reigate, and his wife Mary Herries, the daughter of Christopher Herries, of Shenfield, Margaretting, Essex. His father was a commissioner of the Victualling Office. He matriculated at Christ's College, Cambridge, in 1614 and graduated BA in 1617. He was admitted to the Inner Temple in 1616 and was knighted in 1618.
In 1621 Bludder was elected Member of Parliament for Gatton. He was elected Member for Reigate in 1624, 1625, 1626 and 1628. He sat until 1629, after which King Charles ruled without parliament for eleven years. 
In April 1640, Bludder was again elected Member for Reigate in the Short Parliament. He was a benefactor of Christ's College.
Bludder died in 1655 and was commemorated by a tablet over the vestry door of the church of St Mary Magdalene Reigate.
Bludder married three times. His third wife who survived him was Elizabeth Bret daughter of Robert Bret.

</doc>
<doc id="30940486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940486" title="Zhuzhou Stadium">
Zhuzhou Stadium

Zhuzhou Stadium（株洲体育中心） is a multi-purpose stadium in Zhuzhou, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 42,740 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940498" title="Luoyang Stadium">
Luoyang Stadium

Luoyang Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Luoyang, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 39,888 spectators. It opened in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30940515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940515" title="Jiaxing Stadium">
Jiaxing Stadium

Jiaxing Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Jiaxing, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 35,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940517" title="2001 OFC U-20 Championship">
2001 OFC U-20 Championship

The 2001 OFC U-20 Championship was the thirteenth contested. It was won by Australia who qualified for the 2001 FIFA U-20 World Cup after defeating New Zealand 4-3 on aggregate.
Matches.
Group stage.
Group A.
Australia advanced to the play-off.
See also.
2001 FIFA World Youth Championship

</doc>
<doc id="30940518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940518" title="Ric Records">
Ric Records

Ric Records, along with sister label Ron Records, were American record labels formed by Joe Ruffino in 1959. Although most of Ric's releases did not rise above regional hits, the label was active during the golden era of New Orleans R&B and was an incubator for many artists who are now recognized as definers of the style.
After his first taste of the music industry at A-1 Distributors, Joe Ruffino set out on his own with the Ric and Ron imprints, headquartered at 630 Baronne Street in New Orleans. The labels were named after Joe's two sons. Ric Records was focused exclusively on releasing local New Orleans talent. Edgar Blanchard was brought on to help with studio arrangements, and supervised all early Ric studio sessions. He was later replaced by Harold Battiste. John Mac Rebennack AKA "Dr. John" was also brought on as label president and helped with writing and producing. Artists released on the label include Eddie Bo, Johnny Adams, Lenny Capello, Al Johnson, Tommy Ridgley and Joe Jones. Joe Jones provided Ric with its only sizeable hit, "You Talk Too Much", which peaked at #3 on the Hot 100 in the fall of 1960. Unfortunately this record was the cause of some legal issues with New York City-based outfit Roulette Records, with which Joe Jones previously recorded a version of the tune.
Sister label Ron Records had a similar focus on local talent. Artists released include Professor Longhair (local favorite "Go To The Mardi Gras"), Irma Thomas, Bobby Mitchell (singer), Eddie Lang (not to be confused with noted Jazz guitarist Eddie Lang) and Martha Carter. After being discovered in a local club by Tommy Ridgley, Irma Thomas recorded her first single "(You Can Have My Husband but) Don't Mess with My Man" for Ron within a week. She is now recognized as an important American singer and was inducted into the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame in 2007.
Ric and Ron folded in 1962 when Joe Ruffino died.

</doc>
<doc id="30940524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940524" title="Zhuhui Stadium">
Zhuhui Stadium

Zhuhui Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Zhuhui, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 35,000 spectators. It opened in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="30940530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940530" title="Rebels and Redcoats">
Rebels and Redcoats

Rebels and Redcoats, subtitled "How Britain Lost America", is a British television documentary series about the story of the American Revolutionary War, narrated by Richard Holmes in a four-parts. Throughout the entire program there are clear explanations about the politics going on behind the scenes, the impact of other nations like Canada and France, battle tactics and strategies, and weaponry, all following a beginning-to-end time line. The impact of each geographic area is frequently emphasized, as there were often a division of loyalties not just in regions but also in neighborhoods. While being a British production, the viewpoint of many different groups are discussed in detail, including the difficult choices Native American Indians and black slaves were forced to make in choosing allegiances.
The series was produced by WGBH Boston and Granada Television in association with BBC Wales. It was aired in two parts in the United States by PBS in 2004. A book, written by Hugh Bicheno and with a forward by Homes, accompanied the series.
Reception.
Writing for the "New York Times", Alessandra Stanley said:

</doc>
<doc id="30940539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940539" title="Green Island Stadium">
Green Island Stadium

Green Island Stadium() was a multi-purpose stadium in Shenyang, China. It is currently the biggest indoor stadium in Asia, used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 fixed seats plus 6,000 movable seats. It opened in 2009 and was demolished in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30940540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940540" title="Spirit of the Dead Watching">
Spirit of the Dead Watching

Spirit of the Dead Watching (Manao tupapau) is an 1892 oil on burlap canvas painting by Paul Gauguin, depicting a nude Tahitian girl lying on her stomach. An old woman is seated behind her. In Tahitian mythology the title may refer to either the girl imagining the ghost, or the ghost imagining her.
The subject of the painting was Gauguin's Tahitian wife Tehura, then 14 years old, who one night, according to Gauguin, was lying in fear when he arrived late home: "immobile, naked, lying face downward on the bed with the eyes inordinately large with fear . . . Might she not with her frightened face take me for one of the demons and spectres of the Tupapaus, with which the legends of her race people sleepless nights?" The spirit she fears is personified by the old woman seated at left. The strong colors are symbolic of the native Polynesian belief that phosphorescent lights were manifestations of the spirits of the dead.
The painting appears to be related to a series of "frightened Eves" that Gauguin painted in 1889. For art historian Nancy Mowll Mathews, Gauguin's interest in depicting formal qualities of line and movement, mild eroticism and fright preceded the narrative aspect, a "pretext for the girl's emotions." Mathews doubts Gauguin's explanation that Tehura confused him with her irrational fears of spirits and darkness; rather, she suggests that the girl's fear would have been in response to Gauguin's aggressive behavior, and consistent with his physical abuse of women.
Other scholars have viewed the narrative as a pretext to make the sexuality of the subject more acceptable to a European audience. In a letter Gauguin explained the color and symbolism of the painting:
General harmony, somber, sad, frightening, telling in the eye like a funeral knell. Violet, somber blue, and orange-yellow. I make the linen greenish-yellow: 1 because the linen of this savage is a different linen than ours (beaten tree bark); 2 because it creates, suggests artificial light (the Kanaka woman never sleeps in darkness) and yet I don't want the effect of a lamp (it is common); 3 this yellow linking the orange-yellow and the blue completes the musical harmony. There are several flowers in the background, but they should not be real, being imaginative, I make them resemble sparks. For the Kanaka, the phosphorescences of the night are from the spirit of the dead, they believe them there and fear them. Finally, to end, I make the ghost quite simply, a little old woman; because the young girl not being acquainted with scenes of French spirits can not do other than see linked to the spirit of the dead, death itself, that is to say, a person like herself. 
According to Gauguin, the phosphorescences that could be seen in Tahiti at night, and which natives believed to be the exhalations of the spirits of the dead, were emitted by mushrooms that grew on trees. The description of the spirit of the dead that the artist would have been familiar with came from the work of Pierre Loti, who described the spirit as a "blue-faced monster with sharp fangs"; the decision to paint an old woman instead of a bizarre demon may have been prompted by the desire to use a symbol that would be more familiar to a European audience.
This painting appears in the background of another Gauguin painting, his "Self-portrait with Hat", possibly indicating its importance to him.

</doc>
<doc id="30940545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940545" title="Norman House">
Norman House

Norman House on Steep Hill, Lincoln, England is an historic building and an example of Norman domestic architecture.
The building is at 46-47 Steep Hill and 7 Christs Hospital Terrace. The architectural evidence suggests a date between 1170 and 1180.
The building was known for many years as "Aaron the Jew's House", and appears as such in many references, as it was thought to be the former residence of Aaron of Lincoln (d.1186), although this is now considered incorrect.
The building has been a shop for many years, and is currently home to a tea importers.
It has been designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="30940546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940546" title="Neil Oliver (footballer)">
Neil Oliver (footballer)

Neil Oliver (born 11 April 1967 in Berwick-upon-Tweed) is an English former footballer, who played for the Berwick Rangers, Blackburn Rovers, Falkirk, Hamilton Academical, Clydebank and East Fife. He became manager of Duns F.C., taking them from the Border Amateur League into the East of Scotland League. He parted company with Duns in August 2013 and was appointed manager of East of Scotland League Premier Division side Coldstream on January 21st 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30940547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940547" title="Shanxi Provincial Stadium">
Shanxi Provincial Stadium

Shanxi Provincial Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Taiyuan, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 32,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940549" title="Independent Labour Party election results">
Independent Labour Party election results

This article lists the Independent Labour Party's election results in UK parliamentary elections.
1900 general election.
Hardie stood for two seats. All candidates other than Hempsall stood as part of the Labour Representation Committee. Clarke ran as a joint Independent Labour Party-Social Democratic Federation candidate.
By-elections, 1900-1906.
All candidates stood as part of the Labour Representation Committee.
1906 general election.
All candidates other than Burgess and Newlove stood as part of the Labour Representation Committee. Only ILP members sponsored by the party are listed.
January 1910 general election.
All candidates stood as part of the Labour Party. Only ILP members sponsored by the party are listed.
1922 general election.
All candidates stood as part of the Labour Party. Only ILP members sponsored by the party are listed.
By-elections 1929-1931.
All candidates except Irwin were endorsed by the Labour Party.
1931 general election.
In addition, Josiah Wedgwood was elected unopposed for Newcastle-under-Lyme. Only those ILP members not accredited by the Labour Party are listed.

</doc>
<doc id="30940567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940567" title="STAR TV">
STAR TV

STAR TV (standing for Satellite Television Asian Region) is an Asian TV service owned by 21st Century Fox.
In 2009, News Corporation restructured STAR Asia into 3 units – STAR India, STAR Greater China and Fox International Channels Asia.
Shiau Hong-chi says that Murdoch's purchase of STAR TV in 1992 was based on a theory of media globalization assuming that people across nations and languages will watch the same TV programs. Shiau says that the original plan for STAR TV was to broadcast popular American shows to Asian audience with as little effort as possible. However the plan was unsuccessful and STAR TV had to invest on local branches to make local shows.

</doc>
<doc id="30940570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940570" title="Black Prairie">
Black Prairie

__NOTOC__
Black Prairie is a five-piece bluegrass-influenced band from Portland, Oregon. The band formed in early 2007. Their first album, "Feast of the Hunter’s Moon", was released on April 6, 2010 on the Sugar Hill label.
History.
The band began when The Decemberists' Chris Funk (dobro) and Nate Query (bass) had some time off from touring and decided to put together a side project. Other members of the band include The Decemberists’ accordion player Jenny Conlee and drummer John Moen, singer and violinist Annalisa Tornfelt of Bearfoot and The Woolwines, and guitarist Jon Neufeld of Dolorean and Jackstraw. 
The band performed at the South by Southwest festival in March 2010, Oregon's Pickathon Festival in August 2010, and toured in October 2010.
Influences.
Their musical influences include bluegrass, klezmer, jazz, tango, and Romanian music resulting in a unique sound. Chris Funk says Black Prairie's sound "bridges the music of Clarence White and Ennio Morricone".

</doc>
<doc id="30940599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940599" title="Rongcheng Stadium">
Rongcheng Stadium

Rongcheng Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Rongcheng, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940614" title="Changshu Stadium">
Changshu Stadium

Changshu Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Changshu, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940615" title="Beni (magazine)">
Beni (magazine)

Beni () is a Kosli-language literary magazine. It is published from Bargarh, Orissa, India. It was published as an e-magazine on January 2010 and edited by Shri Saket Sahu. The e-magazine was published from Delhi. After a brief period with the help and enthusiastic support of its well wishers it's print edition was released on August 2010. Since then it is continuing as a monthly magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="30940626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940626" title="Kunshan Stadium">
Kunshan Stadium

Kunshan Sports Centre Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Kunshan, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940641" title="Florinda Chico">
Florinda Chico

Florinda Chico Martín Mora (24 April 1926 – 19 February 2011) was a Spanish actress of film, theater and television.
Biography.
Florinda Chico Martín Mora was born in 1926 in Don Benito, Extremadura, Spain. She studied singing and then started her artistic career on the stage acting in musical revues. Her first successes were "El huevo" and the revue "La blanca doble" (1947) with the comedian trio Zori, Santos y Codeso. Although she made her debut on cimena in 1953 with the movie "Pasaporte para un ángel" it wasn't until the late 1960s that she became famous in Spain.
She often played the roles of feisty, fleshy housewife or grumpy maid. She worked with director Mariano Ozores in almost two dozen films. She also appeared in such dramas as "Cría cuervos" (1976) and "La casa de Bernarda Alba" (1987).
She was also a regular on such television series as "La tía de Ambrosio" (1971), "Los maniáticos" (1974), "Este señor de negro" (1975–76), de Antonio Mercero, "Taller mecánico" (1991), "El sexólogo" (1994), "Makinavaja" (1995–96) and "La casa de los líos" (1996–2000). In the 1980s she appeared in the theater play "Mi tía y sus cosas".
Florinda died on 19 February 2011 in Madrid at age 84 of a strong respiratory disease.

</doc>
<doc id="30940651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940651" title="Brushstroke">
Brushstroke

Brushstroke is a sculpture by Roy Lichtenstein. Delivered to the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden on September 16, 2003, it was dedicated on October 25, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="30940652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940652" title="Fuzhou Stadium">
Fuzhou Stadium

Fuzhou Stadium(Simplified Chinese: 福建省体育中心), is a multi-purpose stadium in Fuzhou, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940656" title="St Andrew's Church, Covehithe">
St Andrew's Church, Covehithe

St Andrew's Church, Covehithe, is a partly redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Covehithe in the English county of Suffolk. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. Part of the church is in ruins and this is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on a lane leading directly towards the sea, in an area of coast which has suffered significant ongoing erosion. The parish of Covehithe has been combined with neighbouring Benacre.
History.
The oldest fabric in the original large medieval church dates from the 14th century, although most of it is from the 15th century. During the Civil War much of the stained glass was destroyed by the local iconoclast William Dowsing. By the later part of that century the large church was too expensive for the parishioners to maintain, and they were given permission in 1672 to remove the roof and to build a much smaller church within it. This small church is still in use, while the tower and the ruins of the old church are maintained by the Churches Conservation Trust.
Architecture.
Medieval church.
This is constructed in random flint rubble with stone dressings. Its plan consists of a nave, a chancel, north and south seven-bay aisles, a north sacristy, and a west tower. The tower is still intact and is in three principal stages, with buttresses and a battlemented parapet. On the south side of the middle stage is an ogee-headed opening. There are bell openings on each side of the top stage, but their tracery is missing. The wall of the south aisle is more complete than the north wall, and contains six intact window openings. The chancel projects one bay beyond the aisles, and contains tall window openings in its north and south wall, and a large east window opening. The buttresses at the east end are decorated with chequered flushwork, and contain canopied niches for statues. Some of the carved corbels for the chancel roof are still present.
Newer small church.
The west end of the 17th-century church is built against the tower. Its fabric includes much material re-used from the older church, and some brick. Its roof is thatched. The windows have two lights separated by wooden mullions, and contain diamond-leaded windows. Both the north and the south doorways have been re-used. The east window dates from the 19th century. Inside the church is a 15th-century carved octagonal font. At the west end are 15th-century pews with poppyhead carving. The wooden pulpit contains some 17th-century carving. Under the tower arch are the royal arms of George III.

</doc>
<doc id="30940686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940686" title="Yiyang Stadium">
Yiyang Stadium

Yiyang Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Yiyang, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940689" title="Mianyang Stadium">
Mianyang Stadium

Mianyang Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Mianyang, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940697" title="Dazhou Xiwai Stadium">
Dazhou Xiwai Stadium

Dazhou Xiwai Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Dazhou, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30940709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940709" title="Vlado Lisjak">
Vlado Lisjak

Vlado Lisjak (born 29 April 1962 in Petrinja) is a former Croatian Greco-Roman wrestler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia. He won gold in the 68 kg category, beating Tapio Sipilä in the final.
Because of his feat he won the Croatian Sportsman of the Year award in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="30940714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940714" title="The Heirs of Columbus">
The Heirs of Columbus

The Heirs of Columbus is a 1991 novel by Gerald Vizenor that, in the face of the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus' arrival in America, inverts the historical record by re-imagining Columbus as a descendant of Mayans and Sephardic Jews who now wants to return home, that is, to America. Meanwhile, his modern-day descendants, the heirs of the title, are trying to bring his bones home. Critic Louis Owens considers this novel to be Vizenor "n his best trickster-satirist mode" as he accomplishes "a brilliant appropriation of the master symbol of Euroamerican history".
Plot.
The concept behind the novel is that the Mayans were the first civilization in the world, and that they had taken their civilization to Europe during the time of Antiquity. Columbus was a descendant of the Mayans through his secret Sephardic Jewish ancestry, and his ancestral memories called him to return to the ancestral homelands in America. During his first landing in the Americas, he was visited by a Native American healer named Samana, who took him to bed and became pregnant by him. The heirs of the title are the present-day (1990s) descendants of Samana and Columbus.
The plot of the novel involves the attempts by the heirs to bring home and re-bury two sets of remains: Columbus's and Pocahontas's. The retrieval of Columbus's remains is accomplished through a heist designed by Felipa Flowers, the heir who repatriates Native American remains from museums, and is carried out with the help of a young shaman named Transom. The rescue of Columbus's remains allows the heirs not just to verify their genetic link to Columbus, but to isolate the genetic code for scientific purposes; employing genetic scientists from around the world, the heirs create the Dorado Genome Pavilion, a medical center dedicated to healing tribal youth. The second retrieval, that of the remains of Pocahontas, results in the death of Filipa Flowers and is revealed to be a plot by the original "owner" of the Columbus remains, Doric Michéd, to regain custody. Important subplots include court hearings regarding tribal sovereignty and the ownership of sacred items, political intrigue against the heirs by both U.S. and tribal politicians, and spiritual conflict with the Wendigo.
The novel is also centered around two locations created by the heirs. The first, the "Santa María Casino", a barge for gambling anchored in Lake of the Woods, a lake that sits on the border of the United States and Canada and that separates the Northwest Angle exclave, held mostly by the Red Lake Indian Reservation, from the rest of Canada. Within the novel, the Casino and its neighboring ships—the restaurant "Niña" and the tax-free market "Pinta"—are declared by a federal judge to be a sovereign tribal territory, "the first maritime reservations in international waters". After the Casino is destroyed in a storm, the heirs move west and form a new nation, named Point Assinika, at Point Roberts, Washington, a location that, like the Northwest Angle, is an exclave, belonging to the United States but situated on the tip of a Canadian peninsula. Point Assinika 
Analysis.
The novel employs many of Vizenor's themes and stylistic devices: the use of mixedblood central characters, the use of parody, the deliberate, playful revision of history (as one reviewer describes it, "History jousts with myth", with history coming in "a poor second"), and the emphasis on the healing power of stories. This novel also includes characters from Vizenor's other books, including Bearheart, Griever de Hocus, Nanabozho, Almost Browne and the Trickster of Liberty, as well as numerous references to such historical figures as Louis Riel and Black Elk and to figures from contemporary Native American literary culture, including Arnold Krupat, N. Scott Momaday, Leslie Marmon Silko, Louise Erdrich, Thomas King, and James Welch.

</doc>
<doc id="30940716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940716" title="Robert Dawson (footballer)">
Robert Dawson (footballer)

Robert Dawson (born 1 August 1963 in Stirling) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Stirling Albion, St. Mirren and Clyde. Dawson was part of the St. Mirren team that won against Scottish champions Rangers in August 1989.
References.
he also has 2 beautiful daughters called bobbi ( 19) molly ( 13) he has 2 beautiful nieces called amy (12) and kiera (9) 
and also a nephew called kieran ( 14) and a few others bye

</doc>
<doc id="30940719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940719" title="Thongwa Township">
Thongwa Township

Thongwa Township ( ) is a township of Yangon Region, located in the southeastern section of the region by the Gulf of Martaban.

</doc>
<doc id="30940720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940720" title="The Trickster of Liberty">
The Trickster of Liberty

The Trickster of Liberty is a 1988 novel by Gerald Vizenor that acts as a prequel to his earlier novels ' and '. The novel is a collection of stories about the mixedblood descendants of Luster Browne and their lives on the White Earth Indian Reservation. The novel continues Vizenor's focus on mixedbloods and tricksters and includes characters from the previous novels, including Griever de Hocus and China Brown from "Griever" and Eternal Flame from "Bearheart".
The novel develops Vizenor's rejection of social science theories that claim the trickster figure reflects an idea or model; to the contrary, Vizenor argues that the trickster is a purely linguistic phenomenon. The novel also develops Vizenor's attack on the "invented Indian", including a commentary on the fate of Ishi and a satire on Native American scholars who perpetuate stereotypes of Indian-ness.
The novel was republished under the title "The Trickster of Liberty: Native Heirs to a Wild Baronage" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="30940761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940761" title="University of Science and Technology – Omdurman">
University of Science and Technology – Omdurman

The University of Science and Technology – Omdurman is a non-profit organization established in March 1995.
Foundation.
The University of Science and Technology is located in Omdurman (Standard Arabic Umm Durmān أم درمان), the largest city in Sudan and Khartoum State. It aims to broaden the base of the computer and applied sciences; starting with the faculties of information technology computer sciences and computer engineering which were known later as the faculty of electrical and electronic engineering; with its four departments (communication, medical engineering, electronic and computer engineering and computer programming).
Growth.
Later the university opened new specialties such as medical laboratories and medicine followed by that after ten years the two programs dentistry and pharmacy.
The year 2001 witnessed the start of the architecture program and then in 2002 came the program of the business administration.
In 2005 another department was added to the faculty of engineering g which is the chemical engineering.
Because of the strong bond that links the university with the society, the UST have founded since the first two years of its life the program formerly known as the intermediate diploma and was later called technical and social development.
In order to satisfy the requirements of the increasing demand for university evolution, the cornerstone faculty of postgraduate studies, scientific research and academic development was established in the year 2004.
Despite its rapid progress UST also did not forget the importance of the specialized professional and training centers such as the centre for aids studies, intellectual property, skills and capacity development and finally cells and tissues.
The University has made extended plans since its establishment in the year 1995 to construct the permanent premises and has exerted great efforts in this respect. Eventually two strategic locations overlooking the old city of Omdurman from the north have been selected. Commuters from Khartoum North could easily reach through Shambat Bridge and those from Khartoum have an easy access through the White Nile Bridge. Both ways cross the inveterate old city of Omdurman to the Medical Building and from there to the west, lies the Engineering and Technological Building complex.

</doc>
<doc id="30940762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940762" title="Creatonotos gangis">
Creatonotos gangis

Creatonotos gangis is a species of arctiid moth found in South East Asia and Australia.
Description and life cycle.
Adults have white hindwings, and brown forewings, each with a dark streak, and a wingspan of . The abdomen is red or, more rarely, yellow. The eggs are yellow and round, and are laid in rows on the leaves of food plants. The caterpillars are brown, hairy animals with a yellow stripe along the back, with a polyphagous diet.
Distribution.
"Creatonotos gangis" lives in South East Asia and parts of Australia. Its Asian distribution includes parts of China, India, Japan, Thailand and New Guinea. In Australia, it is restricted to northern parts of Western Australia, Northern Territory and Queensland, extending as far south as Mackay.
Ecology.
Adult males secrete the pheromone hydroxydanaidal in order to attract mates. The amount produced, and the size of the coremata (scent organs) which produce it, are however dependent on the diet that the moth experienced as a caterpillar. If the larval diet contained pyrrolizidine alkaloids, then the coremata become large and the male will release up to of hydroxydanaidal, but if it does not, then the coremata do not grow large and no scent is produced.
The larvae of "C. gangis" can cause extensive damage to the foliage of pomegranate trees.

</doc>
<doc id="30940768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940768" title="Stephen Stirling">
Stephen Stirling

Stephen Stirling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30940774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940774" title="Martin Baker (footballer)">
Martin Baker (footballer)

Martin Baker (born 8 June 1974 in Govan) is a former Scottish footballer who played as a Left back for St. Mirren, Kilmarnock and Pollok.
During his time with Kilmarnock he was at the centre of controversy during which he was snubbed by manager Bobby Williamson to participate in the 2001 Scottish League Cup Final which Kilmarnock lost to Celtic three goals to nil thanks to a hat-trick from Henrik Larsson. He later went on to reveal that he was close to confronting and lashing out at Williamson.
He represented his country at the 1996 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship where Scotland reached the semi-final stage before being knocked out by Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="30940778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940778" title="Siege of Güns">
Siege of Güns

The Siege of Güns or Siege of Kőszeg () was a siege of Kőszeg () in the Kingdom of Hungary within Habsburg Monarchy, that took place in 1532. In the siege, the defending forces of the Austrian Habsburg Monarchy under the leadership of Croatian Captain Nikola Jurišić (), defended the small border fort of Kőszeg with only 700–800 Croatian soldiers, with no cannons and few guns. The defenders prevented the advance of the Ottoman army of 120,000–200,000 toward Vienna, under the leadership of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent ( "Süleymān") and Pargalı Ibrahim Pasha.
The exact outcome is unknown, since it has two versions which differ depending on the source. In the first version Nikola Jurišić rejected the offer to surrender on favourable terms, and in the second version, the city was offered terms for a nominal surrender. Suleiman, having been delayed nearly four weeks, withdrew at the arrival of the August rains, and did not continue towards Vienna as he had intended, but turned homeward. 
Suleiman secured his possession in Hungary by conquering several other forts, but after the Ottoman withdrawal, Habsburg Emperor Ferdinand I reoccupied some of the devastated territory. Following this, Suleiman and Ferdinand concluded a 1533 treaty in Constantinople that confirmed the right of John Zápolya as a king of all Hungary, but recognised Ferdinand's possession of some of the reoccupied territory.
Background.
On 29 August 1526, at the Battle of Mohács, the Christian forces led by King Louis II were defeated by Ottoman forces led by Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent. Louis was killed in the battle, which resulted in the end of the independent Kingdom of Hungary as he died without an heir. Both the Kingdoms of Hungary and Croatia became disputed territories with claims from both the Habsburg and Ottoman empires. Habsburg Emperor Ferdinand I, who was a brother of Holy Roman Emperor Charles V, married the sister of Louis II and was elected King by the nobles of both Hungary and Croatia.
The throne of Hungary became the subject of a dynastic dispute between Ferdinand and John Zápolya from Transylvania, since Suleiman had promised to make Zápolya the ruler of all Hungary. During Hungarian campaign of 1527–1528, Ferdinand captured Buda from John Zápolya in 1527, only to relinquish his hold on it in 1529 when an Ottoman counter-attack stripped Ferdinand of all his territorial gains during 1527 and 1528. The siege of Vienna in 1529 was the first attempt by Suleiman the Magnificent to capture the Austrian capital. This siege signalled the pinnacle of Ottoman power and the maximum extent of Ottoman expansion in central Europe.
Little War in Hungary.
Following Suleiman's unsuccessful Siege of Vienna in 1529, Ferdinand launched a counter-attack in 1530 to regain the initiative and avenge the destruction brought by Suleiman's 120,000 strong army. This campaign is usually considered as the start of the Little War, the period of a series conflicts between the Habsburgs and the Ottoman Empire. An assault of Buda was driven off by John Zápolya, the vassal King of Hungary, but Ferdinand was successful elsewhere, capturing Gran (Esztergom) and other forts along the Danube river, a vital strategic frontier.
Campaign of 1532.
During the early period of the Little War in Hungary, Suleiman, as a response to Ferdinand's counter-attack in 1530, and as a part of his fifth imperial campaign (, "Sefer-i humāyūn") in 1532, led a massive army of over 120,000 troops to besiege Vienna again. Due to Suleiman's rapid advances, Ferdinand feared the Christian forces would not be assembled in time to meet him. On 12 July, Suleiman wrote to Ferdinand from Osijek () in Slavonia, to assure him of the Ottoman advance. According to the letter, Suleiman's fifth campaign was primarily directed against Charles V, and not personally against Ferdinand. After Suleiman crossed the river Drava at Osijek, instead of taking the usual route for Vienna, he turned westwards into Ferdinand's held Hungarian territory. According to historian Andrew Wheatcroft, on the route for Vienna, the Ottoman army had briefly invested and captured seventeen fortified towns or castles. Ferdinand withdrew his army, leaving only 700 men with no cannons and a few guns to defend Kőszeg.
Siege.
Located south of Sopron, the small town of Kőszeg was only a few miles from the Austrian border. It was held by a task force commanded by the Croatian soldier and diplomat Nikola Jurišić. Kőszeg was not considered a place of importance. It was an insubstantial obstacle and many stronger places had yielded without a fight. The Grand Vizier of the Ottomans, Ibrahim Pasha, did not realize how poorly defended Kőszeg was. After taking a few minor places, Suleiman came to join Ibrahim Pasha shortly afterwards, when the siege had already started. 
The Ottomans met stiff resistance at Kőszeg. Suleiman had hoped that the imperial army would come to relieve Kőszeg, affording him an opportunity for a larger engagement. However, during the Ottoman attacks on Kőszeg, the imperial army still formed up in Regensburg. The Ottomans continued with one attack after another; artillery fire brought down parts of the walls, but brought no surrender. The Ottomans' mines were sapped by countermines. The layout of Kőszeg's walls made mining a feasible strategy, but even though several mines succeeded in blowing holes in the fortifications, the defenders held out. For more than twenty-five days, without any artillery, Captain Nikola Jurišić and his garrison of 800 Hungarians held out against nineteen full-scale assaults and an incessant bombardment by the Ottomans. 
The outcome has two versions. In the first version, Nikola Jurišić rejected the offer to surrender on favourable terms, and the Ottomans retreated. In the second version, the city was offered terms for a nominal surrender. The only Ottomans who would be allowed to enter the castle would be a token force who would raise the Ottoman flag. In either case, Suleiman withdrew at the arrival of the August rains, and returned homeward instead of continuing towards Vienna as previously planned. He had been delayed nearly four weeks, and during this time a powerful army had been collected in Vienna, which Suleiman had not the intention to face. According to historian Paolo Giovio, Charles arrived with an imperial army at Vienna on 23 September, too late for fighting the Ottomans since Suleiman already withdrew. By their defense of Kőszeg, Nikola Jurišić and his men had saved Vienna from a siege.
Aftermath.
Although he was stopped at Kőszeg and failed to conquer Vienna, Suleiman additionally secured his possession in Hungary by conquering several forts, since Ferdinand and Charles evaded an open field battle. Immediately after the Ottoman withdraw, Ferdinand reoccupied devastated territory in Austria and Hungary. Nevertheless, Suleiman concluded a peace treaty with Ferdinand in 1533, in Constantinople. The treaty confirmed the right of John Zápolya as a king of all Hungary, but recognised Ferdinand's possession of that part of the country that enjoyed the status quo.
This treaty did not satisfy Zápolya or Ferdinand, whose armies began to skirmish along the borders. After Zápolya's death in 1540, Suleiman annexed Hungary to the Ottoman realm. Although from 1529 to 1566 the borders of the Ottoman Empire moved further west, none of the campaigns after 1529 achieved the decisive victory that would secure the new Ottoman possessions.

</doc>
<doc id="30940782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940782" title="Karoubi conjecture">
Karoubi conjecture

In mathematics, the Karoubi conjecture is a conjecture by that the algebraic and topological K-theories coincide on C* algebras spatially tensored with the algebra of compact operators. It was proved by .

</doc>
<doc id="30940788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940788" title="Kyauktan Township">
Kyauktan Township

Kyauktan Township ( ) is a township of Yangon Region, located in the southern section of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="30940791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940791" title="Ken Short">
Ken Short

Kenneth Herbert "Ken" Short AO (born 6 July 1927) was an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney.
After studying at Trinity Grammar School, New South Wales and Moore Theological College he was ordained in 1952. He was minister in charge of Pittwater and then a Church Mission Society missionary in Tanzania from 1955 to 1964. On his return to Australia he was secretary to the Church Mission Society branch in New South Wales until 1971 and rector of St Michael’s Vacluse until his ordination to the episcopate in 1975. He was Bishop of Wollongong with the additional positions of Archdeacon of Camden (1975–79) and Dean of Sydney (1989–92).

</doc>
<doc id="30940795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940795" title="Rugby Club Stade Viennois">
Rugby Club Stade Viennois

Rugby Club Stade Viennois, also referred to as Stade, is an Austrian rugby club from Vienna. Stade is one of the most prestigious rugby clubs in Austria, having been runner-ups in the Austrian Championship 2005 and 2010. Their home ground is the Sportareal Dirnelwiese. The club colours are pink, dark blue and white.

</doc>
<doc id="30940799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940799" title="Bad Girl (Fugative song)">
Bad Girl (Fugative song)

"Bad Girl" is a single by British artist, Fugative. It released on 25 July 2010 on digital download on Hard2Beat Records. Celeste Scalone provides vocals on the song's hook, but is uncredited. The track charted at number 59 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30940808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940808" title="Lisjak">
Lisjak

Lisjak is a Croatian surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30940814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940814" title="Suzanne (VOF de Kunst song)">
Suzanne (VOF de Kunst song)

"Suzanne" (titled as "Susanna" for the English version) is a single by Dutch band VOF de Kunst, released in 1983.
The song reached number one on the Single Top 100 in the Netherlands.
Adriano Celentano version.
In 1984, Adriano Celentano released the album "I miei americani" (""My Americans""), which consisted of Italian-language covers of mostly American hits, along with "Suzanne" by VOF de Kunst and "Michelle" by The Beatles.
Ricky Martin version.
Ricky Martin recorded a Spanish-language version of "Suzanne", called "Susana". He included it on his debut solo album "Ricky Martin", and released it as a single in 1992.
A music video was also released.

</doc>
<doc id="30940816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940816" title="Stephen Stirling (footballer)">
Stephen Stirling (footballer)

Stephen Stirling (born 5 January 1990 in Paisley) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Stranraer.
Stirling started his career with Rangers, spending a loan spell at Stirling Albion, before being released and dropping out the senior game for a short time, then returning with Stranraer.
Club career.
Stirling Albion.
He joined Stirling Albion in the 2011 January transfer window until the end of the season. On 7 May 2011 he scored his first league goals, when he scored twice as Stirling ended a 25-match winless streak with victory over Morton on the final day of the season.
Stranraer.
After leaving Rangers in 2011, Stirling dropped out of the senior game for a short time playing amateur football in Paisley, before returning to senior football with Stranraer. After scoring 12 goals in 26 league matches, Stirling signed a pre-contract agreement with First Division side Greenock Morton.
Morton.
Stirling scored his first league goal for Morton when he drove in the only goal in a 1-0 victory over Raith Rovers.
Stirling missed the rest of the 2012-13 season injured with a broken leg sustained in a league match against Partick Thistle.
With him being out of contract in the summer of 2013, Stirling was given the summer to prove he had recovered from his injury by Allan Moore.
After recovering from his leg break, Stirling was given a short-term deal in September 2013. In January 2014, he was released from his contract.
International career.
Stirling has represented Scotland at Under-19 international level, playing in the 2009 UEFA U19 European Championship Elite Round.
In total he received nine caps at U19 level, scoring five goals.

</doc>
<doc id="30940819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940819" title="Ragnall mac Gofraid">
Ragnall mac Gofraid

Ragnall mac Gofraid was a Norse-Gael King of the Isles of Scotland during the early eleventh century. Ragnall's Norse name was Røgnvaldr Guðrøðsson and he was titled "rí na nInnsi" meaning that he ruled over the Hebrides. It is also possible his territory included the Isle of Man. 
Very little is known of his life save that he was the son of Gofraid mac Arailt, who died in 989 and that Ragnall himself died in Munster in 1004 or 1005. His presence in Munster may indicate an alliance with Brian Bóruma mac Cennétig against the growing strength in the western seas of Sigurd the Stout the Earl of Orkney & Mormaer of Caithness. Sigurd was a vassal of the King of Norway who appointed a "jarl" called Gilli to rule over the Western Isles in 990, the year following Gofraid's death and Sigurd resumed direct control of the isles following Ragnall's death. It is therefore possible that Ragnall's rule was either only over part of the territory of the "Sudreyar" or was wrested back from Sigurd in the year's following his father's death, or both.
Hudson (2005) contends that Echmarcach mac Ragnaill was Ragnall's son, which may make Cacht ingen Ragnaill, the queen of Donnchad mac Briain, Ragnall's daughter. Echmarcach was King of Dublin from 1036–38 and 1046-52 and the King of the Rhinns in Galloway, and may have ruled over part of the Hebrides as well.

</doc>
<doc id="30940825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940825" title="Let It Rock (Ronnie Hawkins album)">
Let It Rock (Ronnie Hawkins album)

Let It Rock is a Juno Award-nominated album that documents American-Canadian singer Ronnie Hawkins' 60th birthday celebration and concert at Massey Hall in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The concert took place on January 8, 1995 and featured performances by Hawkins, Carl Perkins, Jerry Lee Lewis, The Band and Larry Gowan. Jeff Healy sat in on guitar for most, if not all, of the performances. Hawkins' band, The Hawks, or permutations of it, backed most, if not all, of the acts. All of the musicians performing that night were collectively dubbed "The Rock ‘N’ Roll Orchestra". The concert is among the last recorded of both Perkins and Rick Danko of The Band. An eponymous video of the concert was also released.
The album also included a studio track of Hawkins performing his song "Days Gone By", backed by The Band and The Hawks. It was released as a single which went gold in Canada and reached 51 on the country charts in that country.

</doc>
<doc id="30940826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940826" title="FOR Organizing Committee of the United States">
FOR Organizing Committee of the United States

The FOR Organizing Committee in the United States or FOCUS was a small group of leftists in the United States. It was the US section of the Revolutionary Workers Ferment, known by its Spanish initials FOR (Fomento Obrero Revolutionario). 
FOCUS was founded by Stephen Schwartz, a writer in San Francisco, who entered into correspondence with the FOR group and began contributing to its French journal "Alarme". After visiting France in 1979 and having discussions with the leader of the FOR tendency, G. Munis, Schwartz returned to the US and established FOCUS. The group began to publish a periodical, "The Alarm" based in San Francisco.
FOCUS was expelled from FOR in 1981, after it defended the Spanish section which had also been purged by Munis. Thereafter, FOCUS focused on the weakness of the original FOR analysis, agreeing that the mainstream trade unions were a break on the proletarian revolution. by October 1983 they had come to the conclusion that the revolutionary workers should enter the small Anarcho-syndicalist unions such as the CNT and IWW. The FOCUS group entered the IWW in early 1984 and, according to them, were "received positively by the other wobblies.
By this time, Schwartz had dropped out of the organization, and "The Alarm" had been moved from San Francisco to Portland, Oregon where FOCUS had its largest following.

</doc>
<doc id="30940837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940837" title="International Hygiene Exhibition">
International Hygiene Exhibition

The International Hygiene Exhibition was a world's fair focusing on medicine and public health, held in Dresden, Germany, in 1911.
The leading figure organizing the exhibition was German philanthropist and businessman Karl August Lingner, who had grown wealthy from his Odol mouthwash brand, and was enthusiastic about educating the public about advances in public health. Lingner had previously organized a public-health exhibition as part of the 1903 Dresden municipal expo, and its success led him to plan a larger endeavor.
The exhibition opened on May 6, 1911, with 30 countries participating, 100 buildings built for the event, and 5 million visitors over its duration. It emphasized accessible visual representations of the body, and a particular sensation were the transparent organs preserved and displayed according to a method devised by Werner Spalteholz.
Following the exhibition, its contents became the permanent German Hygiene Museum in Dresden. Its success spawned several follow-up expos, most notably the 1926 "Gesolei" exhibition in Düsseldorf.
Other International Exhibitions of Hygiene were held in:

</doc>
<doc id="30940850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940850" title="Fiskum">
Fiskum

Fiskum is a parish in the municipality Øvre Eiker in Buskerud, Norway. In the 1600s the Fiskum Manor was a noble-man's estate.
Of the two churches in Fiskum parish, the oldest was built in the 13th century. A new church built north of the medieval church "Fiskum gamle kirke" in the village of Darbu, was designed by Heinrich Ernst Schirmer and built in 1866, but burned down in 1902. The walls were considered to be usable, and the restoration of the church were carried out according to plans prepared by architect Jørgen Haslef Berner (1873–1955). It was rebuilt in 1903 but burned down again in 1940. 
Arnstein Arneberg designed the present church which was finished in 1945. The new church was built in cruciform form in a Gothic Revival style with a tower. Arnstein Arneberg used the ruins of the previous church, and carried several items from structure including windows and an arch over the entrance. The church has a heavy, medieval door. 

</doc>
<doc id="30940851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940851" title="United States National Herbarium">
United States National Herbarium

The United States National Herbarium is a collection of five million preserved plant specimens housed in the Department of Botany at the National Museum of Natural History, which is part of the Smithsonian Institution. It represents about 8% of the plant collection resources of the United States and is one of the ten largest herbaria in the world.
The herbarium was founded in 1848, when the first collections were accessioned from the United States Exploring Expedition, when botanists pressed approximately 50,000 specimens, representing 10,000 species of plants. 

</doc>
<doc id="30940866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940866" title="Norrie McWhirter">
Norrie McWhirter

Norrie McWhirter (born 4 September 1969 in Johnstone) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for St. Mirren for the entirety of his career which began in 1985 and ended due to injury in 2000, following 301 appearances for the club.
McWhirter was inducted to the St. Mirren Hall of Fame in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30940871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940871" title="Lyle Luttrell">
Lyle Luttrell

Lyle Kenneth Luttrell (February 22, 1930 – July 11, 1984) was an American professional baseball player during the 1950s. A shortstop, he appeared in 57 games for the Washington Senators of Major League Baseball during the 1956–1957 seasons. He threw and batted right-handed and was listed at , .
Born in Bloomington, Illinois, Luttrell attended Illinois Wesleyan University before signing with the Washington organization during the season. He missed 1952–1953 because of military service, but was called to the Majors during his most productive minor league season, when he batted .324 with 149 hits for the Chattanooga Lookouts of the Double-A Southern Association. In two trials with the Senators, he vied for playing time at shortstop with José Valdivielso, Rocky Bridges and Jerry Snyder among others, collecting 32 hits in 167 at bats, including nine doubles, three triples and two home runs. He retired after the 1959 minor league season and died in Chattanooga, Tennessee, from a heart attack at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="30940882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940882" title="Giovanni Bonomo">
Giovanni Bonomo

Giovanni Bonomo (born in Partinico, July 10, 1935) is a member of the Sicilian Mafia. He was on the "most wanted list" of the Italian ministry of the Interior since 1996 for two murders, drug trafficking and money laundering, and Mafia association, until his arrest in Senegal in November 2003.
Mafia boss in Partinico.
Bonomo was born in Partinico in Sicily. He succeeded Vito Vitale as the capo mandamento of Partinico after the latter’s arrest in April 1998. He was considered to be the strategical and financial brain of the Mafia clan, and was in close contact with Giovanni Brusca and Leoluca Bagarella of the Corleonesi.
He has been charged with the murder of two men in Partinico in 1994 who defied the rule of the Mafia clan in that town; one of them because he committed robberies in the area without the consent of the Mafia. In 2001, he was sentenced to 6 years for Mafia association.
He acquired substantial wealth, investing in real estate in the center of Palermo, bank shares and the family winery. Assets worth 45 billion lire (23 million euro) were confiscated in 2001.
Fugitive.
Bonomo had been at large since 1996. According to police sources Bonomo had been living in Namibia and South Africa, where he had been in close contact with another of Italy's most wanted Mafia criminals, Vito Roberto Palazzolo, who has spent long periods in South Africa and who remains at large.
In 1996 the Italian anti-Mafia police came to South Africa with arrest warrants for Giovanni Bonomo and another Mafia man, Giuseppe Gelardi. The wanted mafiosi were allegedly staying on Palazzolo's Franschhoek estate La Terra de Luc. The estate was raided by members of the South African organised crime unit on June 6, 1996, but Bonomo and Gelardi were not found, although investigators found evidence that whoever had been staying there had left in a hurry.
In November 2003 he was arrested in Dakar in Senegal, coming from the Ivory Coast. He showed fake documents, but was identified by fingerprints. He was expelled to Italy where he was arrested and incarcerated.

</doc>
<doc id="30940883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940883" title="Sun Baoguo">
Sun Baoguo

Sun Baoguo (, born February 28, 1961) is an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE), professor of food science and chemical engineering in Beijing Technology and Business University.
In China, Professor Sun is an expert in the research of spices and the only CAS/CAE academician for food science

</doc>
<doc id="30940893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940893" title="E Reece">
E Reece

Ebon Herndon is an American rapper-songwriter, actor, and model. He is commonly known by his stage name E Reece. Reece rose to fame in the mid-2000s when he signed a recording contract with Kajmere Sounds in 2005. Reece released his first studio album "A New Breed" in 2006, which spawned the singles "Everything" and "Life Changes". Following the release of his first album, Reece went on a promo tour in late 2006.
In mid-2008, Reece went on tour with his band "Core Elements" to promote his upcoming second album. In November 2008, Reece released his second album "L.I.S.n 2 This Live.In.Studio", which spawned the singles "How We Do", "What U Need", "Mic Check", and "Keep It Movin'". In May 2010, Reece released the lead single "Fly Hi" from his upcoming third album. In July 2010, Reece released his third studio album "Concrete Steppin"'. In August 2010, Reece shot a music video for his second single "Confessions of a Dreamer".
Early life.
Herndon's father died when he was nine years old. His love of music began when he began to study jazz saxophone at age 12. His early influences include Michael Jackson, Prince, Stevie Wonder and James Brown, A Tribe Called Quest, EPMD, KRS-One. He graduated a magna cum laude and B.S., Mass Communications from Towson University in Baltimore, Maryland.
Musical career.
1999-2004: Beginnings.
He started freestyling with his friends and would perform on open mic nights at local venues, most notably with the legendary KRS-1 and BET’s ex-Rap City host Tigger at the 930 Club in Washington D.C. in 1999. In 2003, he appeared in the independent film "Claims". In 2004, he released his EP "FarEye Vision". In May and June 2004, Reece was featured in issues of the Japanese hip hop magazine Woffin.
2005-2007: Next Up and A New Breed.
In 2005, Reece formed his five-pierce band "Core Elements". In mid-2005, he began recording his first studio album. In 2006, Reece released his second EP, Next Up. In July 2007, Reece began his distribution company "E Reece Music Group" and released a single "Everything" and later released his album "A New Breed". In 2007, he released his second single "Life Changes" and went on a promo tour.
2007-2009: Elevated Mental Recordings and L.I.S.N. 2 This Live.In.Studio.
In August 2008, Reece and his band Core Elements appeared at Temple Bar in Santa Monica, California to promote his upcoming second album. Reece shot two music videos for his singles "How We Do" and "What U Need". In August 2008, he began his own record label "Elevated Mental Recordings". In November 2008, Reece released his second album "L.I.S.n 2 This Live.In.Studio" in Japan. In January 2009, the album was released in the United States. In 2009, Reece released his singles "Mic Check", and "Keepin It Movin'". In 2009, Reece went on the "E Reece & Core Elements Tour" to promote his second album.
2009-2010: Concrete Steppin'.
In mid-2009, Reece began the recording sessions for his third album. In late 2009, Reece signed a record deal with HiPNOTT Records. In December 2009, he released his first mixtape "Art & Commerce: The Mixtape". In May 2010, Reece released the lead single "Fly Hi" from his upcoming third album. In June 2010, Reece released his second mixtape "The RE: Introduction Mixtape" and shot a music video the for "Fly Hi." In July 2010, Reece released his third studio album "Concrete Steppin"'. In August 2010, Reece shot a music video for his second single "Confessions of a Dreamer". In December 2010, Reece began his European tour with MED (Stones Throw).
2011-present: T.iM.E.
In 2011, E Reece formed a hip-hop duo with music producer Theimagination called "T.iM.E". In October 2011, the duo released an extended play "The T.iM.E is Now". The EP featured the single "Breakthrough".
Modeling career.
He was the first runner-up in Washington D.C.s "Mr. Metropolitan" contest in 1998. He also participated on runway for Alvin King in Washington D.C. and New York City, Travis Winkey in Baltimore.
Personal life.
Herndon is close friends with Sy Smith, Hilsyde, and Othello. Herndon is a black belt in Tae Kwon Do. He currently lives in Los Angeles, California. He has a son name Jayden, who was born in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30940894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940894" title="Sanuki Domain">
Sanuki Domain

In the han system, Sanuki was a political and economic abstraction based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields. In other words, the domain was defined in terms of "kokudaka", not land area. This was different from the feudalism of the West.
History.
The original Sanuki Castle was built by the Satomi clan, rulers of most of the Bōsō Peninsula during the Sengoku period. Following the Battle of Odawara in 1590, the Kantō region by was assigned to Tokugawa Ieyasu by the warlord Toyotomi Hideyoshi, who also restricted the Satomi to Awa Province for their lukewarm support of his campaigns against the Late Hōjō clan. Tokugawa Ieyasu appointed Naito Ienaga, one of his hereditary retainers, to be daimyō of the new 20,000 "koku" Sanuki Domain.
During the Siege of Fushimi in 1600 prior to the Battle of Sekigahara, Naito Ienaga was one of the last defenders of Fushimi Castle to fall to the forces of Ishida Mitsunari. He was succeeded by his son, Naito Masanaga, who was awarded an additional 10,000 "koku" for his efforts at the Siege of Osaka. He gained another 10,000 "koku" for his participation in the suppression of the Satomi clan at Tateyama Domain in Awa Province, and yet another 5,000 "koku" when Shogun Tokugawa Hidetada visited on an extended falconry expedition, thus bringing his total revenues to 45,000 "koku". He was subsequently transferred to Iwakidaira Domain in Mutsu Province.
His replacement, Matsudaira Tadashige, was an 8,000 "koku" "hatamoto" of Fukuya Domain in Musashi Province, who was elevated to the ranks of the "daimyō" with an additional 7,000 "koku" stipend. He was subsequently transferred to Tanaka Domain in Suruga Province and Samuki Domain reverted to "tenryō" territory directly under the control of the Tokugawa shogunate.
In January 1639, Sanuki Domain was revived for Matsudaira Katsutaka, a former "jisha-bugyō," whose holding had reached 15,000 "koku", qualifying him as a "daimyō". However, the Matsudaira clan were dispossessed from Sanuki under the tenure of his son, Matsudaira Shigeharu, for mismanagement, and Sanuki Domain again lapsed to "tenryō" status.
In May 1710, the domain was reestablished as a 16,000 "koku" holding for Abe Masatane, formerly daimyo of Kariya Domain in Mikawa Province. The Abe clan continued to rule Sanuki until the Meiji Restoration. The final daimyo of Sanuki Domain, Abe Masatsune, initially served with the pro-Tokugawa forces in the Boshin War against the strong advice of his senior retainers and refused to surrender his armory to the new Meiji government. He was subsequently imprisoned for a time, but was pardoned, and was appointed domain governor under the new administration, until the abolition of the han system in July 1871 and subsequently became a viscount under the "kazoku" peerage. Sanuki Domain became “Sanuki Prefecture”, which merged with the short lived “Kisarazu Prefecture” in November 1871, which later became part of Chiba Prefecture.
Further reading.
Bolitho, Harold. (1974). "Treasures Among Men: The Fudai Daimyo in Tokugawa Japan." New Haven: Yale University Press. 10-ISBN 0-300-01655-7/13-ISBN 978-0-300-01655-0; OCLC 185685588

</doc>
<doc id="30940898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940898" title="2011 Volkswagen Challenger – Singles">
2011 Volkswagen Challenger – Singles

Ruben Bemelmans was the defending champion from the last edition of the tournament in 2009. He successfully defended his title, defeating Dominik Meffert 6–7(8), 6–4, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30940901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940901" title="Mitarashi dango">
Mitarashi dango

Mitarashi dango originates from the Kamo Mitarashi Tea House in the Shimogamo area of Sakyo ward of Kyoto, Japan. Mitarashi dango is said to be named after the bubbles of the (purifying water placed at the entrance of a shrine) of the Shimogamo shrine nearby. Another theory is that the 5-dango version sold at the original tea house was made to imitate a human body; the top-most dango represented the head, and the remaining four represented the arms and legs.
This dango is also sold in supermarkets and convenience stores in Japan. However, these versions of mitarashi dango have a relatively higher proportion of sugar to increase shelf life and are sweeter than those found at traditional tea houses and dango shops.

</doc>
<doc id="30940908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940908" title="Taça Federação Portuguesa de Futebol">
Taça Federação Portuguesa de Futebol

The Portuguese Football Federation Cup was a competition organized by the Portuguese Football Federation. It was only played in the 1976–77 season. There was an exclusive edition for each of the three top Portuguese divisions, resulting in three champions from different divisions.
Format.
Each of the three top divisions had their own "Portuguese Football Federation Cup". The format was the following:
Taça FPF.
First Division.
Knockout Phase.
Finals:
Second Division.
Finals.
Famalicão: 0 vs BARREIRENSE: 1.
Third Division.
Second Phase.
Bragança: 3 Águeda: 0.
Lamego desqualificado.
Final.
GD BRAGANÇA: 1 Elvas: 0.

</doc>
<doc id="30940911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940911" title="Cosmin Rațiu">
Cosmin Rațiu

Cosmin Aurel Raţiu (born Petrosani, 18 July 1979) is a Romanian rugby union player. He plays at lock or flanker.
He played for CS Dinamo Bucureşti until moving to Stade Montois in France for the 2006-07 season. He currently plays for București Wolves in the European Challenge Cup.
He currently has 34 caps for Romania, having made his debut in 2003 against the Czech Republic. He has scored 2 tries, 10 points overall. He played at the 2007 Rugby World Cup and played all four games, three of them as a substitute. He also played at the 2011 Rugby World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="30940923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940923" title="List of WTBA World Tenpin Bowling Championships medalists">
List of WTBA World Tenpin Bowling Championships medalists

This is a list of the WTBA World Tenpin Bowling Championships medal winners.

</doc>
<doc id="30940945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940945" title="Agaricus langei">
Agaricus langei

Agaricus langei is a species of fungus in the genus "Agaricus".

</doc>
<doc id="30940946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940946" title="Alfred William Saunders">
Alfred William Saunders

Captain Alfred William Saunders (16 January 1888 – 22 May 1930) was an Irish-born World War flying ace. While flying for the Royal Air Force, he was credited with 12 official aerial victories and won the DFC. He remained in the RAF postwar, serving until 1927.
World War I.
Alfred William Saunders originally served in the Royal Field Artillery. On 25 August 1916, second lieutenant A. W. Saunders was appointed a Flying Officer. In October 1917, he was assigned to 60 Squadron as a Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5a. He rose to command A Flight. He scored his first aerial victory on 10 May 1918, destroying a German Pfalz D.III fighter plane. Six days later, an Albatros D.V fell to his guns over Beaulencourt, France. On 23 May, he teamed with James Belgrave to destroy another Albatros D.V over Fricourt. On 9 June, they teamed again, accounting for two Hannover reconnaissance planes over Arras, setting one afire and driving the other down out of control, and Saunders was an ace.
On 2 July 1918, Saunders fought his memorable action–one which would be cited as a reason for awarding him the DFC. He dove 8,000 feet, leading an attack by his flight of six upon six German fighters. Williams shot one Pfalz D.III down, and two others collided while evading his assault. Williams was credited for all three.
On 1 August, Saunders vanquished one of the new Fokker D.VIIs, sending it out of control over Bapaume. A week later, it was the turn of a German reconnaissance two-seater to fall out of control over Chaulnes. The next day, 9 August 1918, Saunders shot down two Fokker D.VIIs.
Post World War I.
Saunders remained in the Royal Air Force after the armistice of 11 November 1918 caused massive changes in its structure. On 31 October 1919, he was appointed lieutenant. Then, on 10 December 1919, he was appointed temporary lieutenant. Two days later, on 12 December 1919, he was appointed a Flying Officer.
On 5 February 1923, Saunders transferred to the Class A Reserve of the RAF. On 16 December 1924, he then transferred to the Class C Reserve of the RAF.
On 8 October 1926, he won a post as an attendant in the British Museum. On 5 February 1927, he gave up his commission upon completion of service.
Alfred William Saunders died in a flying accident; he crashed a de Havilland Gipsy Moth in Auckland, New Zealand on 22 May 1930.
Honors and awards.
Distinguished Flying Cross
Lt. Alfred William Saunders.
A gallant and determined officer whose
fighting spirit and enthusiasm has been a
splendid example to his squadron. On one
occasion whilst leading his formation of six
machines, he attacked six enemy aeroplanes.
Diving from 11,000 to 3,000 feet, he singled
out a group of three, and shot down one.
He then engaged the other two, which in
their endeavour to get away collided and
crashed.

</doc>
<doc id="30940960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940960" title="Martins (surname)">
Martins (surname)

Martins is a Portuguese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30940965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940965" title="North Canal Township Park">
North Canal Township Park

North Canal Township Park (also known locally as 'The Breakers') is a park across the Keweenaw Waterway from McLain State Park near Houghton, Michigan. It covers 177 acres and has several rustic campsites. The park features a breakwater which protects the Keweenaw Waterway. Stamp sand from old copper stamp mills to the southwest of the park have accumulated at the breaker and was recently restored to a more natural appearance by covering the sand with topsoil.

</doc>
<doc id="30940973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940973" title="Taikkyi Township">
Taikkyi Township

Taikkyi Township ( ) is the northernmost township of Yangon Region.

</doc>
<doc id="30940975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940975" title="2010 Vuelta a Andalucía">
2010 Vuelta a Andalucía

The 2010 Vuelta a Andalucía is the 56th edition of the Vuelta a Andalucía stage race. The previous edition was won by Rabobank's Joost Posthuma. The race started at 21 February and finished at 25 February.

</doc>
<doc id="30940987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940987" title="KMKS">
KMKS

KMKS (102.5 FM known as "Hot Country 102.5") serves Bay City, Texas and the region south of Houston. The radio station plays country music both National and Texas plus features topics of regional interest, regional news and weather, local personalities, and requests and dedications. Owned by Sandlin Broadcasting Co., Inc, KMKS is licensed by the Federal Communications Commissions to operate on 102.5 FM. The KMKS transmitter is located near Palacios, Texas. The station's call sign is a tribute to the station’s owner and president, Margaret Kay Sandlin, who built and has managed the station since 1984.
History.
Class A: Application for Construction Permit was received by the Federal Communications Commission on June 23, 1982 to operate on the assigned frequency of 92.1 MHz at 3,000 watts. The station signed on at 92.1 FM on July 27, 1984 at 2:57 pm.
At that time, KMKS played Adult contemporary music.
In 1997 KMKS switched its formats to country music.
Class C2:50,000 watts: August 13, 1990 KMKS applied for a station license of its newly upgraded facility with its assigned new frequency of 102.5 kHz and 50,000 watts BPH-20030206ACK .
Class C1: 100,000 watts. KMKS filed an Application for a FM Broadcast Station License to operate as C1, 100,000 watts on July 20, 2007 (BLH-20070720ABH), which was accepted for filing by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) July 23, 2007.
KMKS received its license to cover (BPH-20030206ACK) August 6, 2007.
At that time, KMKS 102.5 FM went from 50,000 to 100,000 watts ERP with a country music format.
Studio location.
Studio is located at 2309 5 th. Street in Bay City Texas.
Mailing address is P.O. Box 789, Bay City, Texas 77404-0789

</doc>
<doc id="30940992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940992" title="Nyau">
Nyau

Nyau (also: "Nyao" meaning "mask" or "initiation") is a secret society of the Chewa, an ethnic group of the Bantu peoples from Central and Southern Africa. The Nyau society consists of initiated members of the Chewa and Nyanja people, forming the cosmology or indigenous religion of the people. Initiations are separate for men and for women, with different knowledge learned and with different ritual roles in the society according to gender and seniority. Only initiates are considered to be mature and members of the "Nyau". The word "Nyau" is not only used for the society itself, but also for the indigenous religious beliefs or cosmology of people who form this society, the ritual dance performances, and the masks used for the dances. Nyau societies operate at the village level, but are part of a wide network of Nyau across the central and part of the southern regions of Malawi, eastern Zambia, western Mozambique and areas where Malawians migrated in Zimbabwe. During performances with the masks women and children often rush into the houses when a Nyau performer threatens, as the masks are worn by only male members of the society and represent male knowledge. At that moment in the performance and rituals, Nyau masked dancers are understood to be spirits of the dead. As spirits the masquerades may act with impunity and there have been attacks and deaths during performances in the past. Increasing westernization has led to a decrease in Nyau.
History.
A cave painting in Zaire depicts "Kasiya Maliro", a type of Nyau mask that may date to 992 CE. The Nyau cosmology continued during the time of the Ngoni invasions in the mid-1800s and during the time of early colonists including Portuguese and British. According to local mythologies Nyau came from Malomba, a place in what is now the DRC. Due to heavy punishment for telling secrets to non-initiates about the Nyau cosmology (e.g. who are the men dancing) the origin of Nyau could not be clarified by the first missionaries and colonialists arriving in Maravi. Penalties went as far as the person revealing secrets being killed by members of the society. The arrival of missionaries during the 1920s had a growing influence on Nyau at the village level, which produced open conflict. Though Christian missionaries banned Nyau in Chewa communities, the society and its practice survived under British colonial rule through adaptation that included some aspects of Christianity. Presently, it is still practiced with Chewa members belonging both to a Christian church and the Nyau society. Although some other ethnic groups have developed cultural dances, such as the Ngoni, Yao and Mang'anja, the "Nyau' of the Chewa can be considered the most elaborate of the secret societies and dances in areas around Lake Malawi.
Belief system.
The Chewa believe that life exists within their ancestors and those not yet born, as well as the living. The Nyau beliefs include communication with those who are dead, or their spirits, calling this act "pemphero lalikulu" ("Great Prayer"). Chewa believe in the presence of God in everyday life, and that God is both male (in the sky) and female (in the earth). Words for God include Chiuta, the great bow or rainbow in the sky and Namalango in the earth, like a womb, where seeds germinate and is a source of new life. The spirit world's symbolism is presented at the "Gule Wamkulu" ("Big Dance"), which incorporates "mwambo" ("traditions"), masks, song, dance and rules. Nyau incorporates sophisticated reverse role-playing, proverbs, mimicking and satire in performances. Primarily the "Nyau" perform their masked dances at funerals, memorial services and initiations (for girls: Chinamwali). Each dancer represents a special character relating to the mask or animal structure he wears. The "zilombo" ("wild animals") are large constructions that cover the entire body and mostly represent animals, and the masks worn over the face are primarily ancestral spirits. The secrecy behind Nyau incorporates coded language, riddles, metaphor, myths and signing. Viewed with suspicion by outsiders, Nyau has been misunderstood and misrepresented by others, including the Christian church.
Initiation of men into the secret society begins with residing in a wooded grove, the place the dead are buried (cemetery) for a week or much longer in the past. Particularly in Zimbabwe, Nyau members that migrated from Malawi and are now part of the Shona Culture still practice Nyau rituals and hold Nyau religious beliefs. They perform dances in the suburbs of Mabvuku, Highfield and Tafara. They attempt to scare away people who wish to interview them saying ""Wavekutamba nemoto unotsva"" (you are now playing with fire you will get burnt).
Women and children and also some men may rush into the houses when a Nyau performer appears. Nyau is the presence of the dead, an encounter with a spirit and so associated with fear and ritual dread. However, senior women perform in the Gule Wamkulu with intricate clapping, singing, dancing and chanting, responding to the song of the masquerader and are close to the dancers. During the funeral period, women joke with the Nyau in a practice called "kasinja" whilst brewing beer and while staying awake the night before a funeral. Men and women both enter the graveyard grove burials at the end of the Nyau funeral performance. Initiated women attend the Nyau performances freely, though they will deny knowledge of the men wearing masks. The men are actual spirits in the ritual, and cannot be spoken of as men even though women will recognize their husbands, fathers, brother and uncles. Identifying the man wearing a mask is disrespectful to the religion, breaking the moment when the masquerade is the spirit of the dead, much as calling Eucharist a biscuit breaks the ritual moment when Christ is near and would be considered disrespectful to Christians. Uninitiated women and children, and uninitiated men, may be chased by Nyau performers and non-members are discouraged from coming near during funerals. In part this is to avoid outsiders from being disrespectful, not understanding the importance of a 'good' burial and the significance of the presence of the dead. In Zambian villages, boys may participate in groups called "kalumbu" who join a group from as young as five or six. However, they must pay a joining fee (often around 2 "kwacha" in 1993) which they raise by hunting and selling birds, or the fee is paid by their parents. Upon joining the novices are often beaten with branches before learning the discipline. The minimum age of boys or girls joining the "Nyau" itself is usually around ten years of age.
Dances.
Nyau dances involve intricate footwork, flinging dust in the air. Dancers respond to specific drumbeats and songs depending on the mask type or character. The dancers, described as "fleet-footed or nimble-footed", appear in masks representing the dead, human being or animal; the weak-kneed run away from sights of such dances. While it may be considered in many places to be a folk dance, this is certainly not the case; "Nyau" should rather be considered a religious dance, as its function is to communicate with the ancestral world.
Since 2005, Gule Wamkulu has been classified as one of the 90 Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity, a program by UNESCO for preservation of intangible cultural heritage. This dance form may date to the great Chewa Empire of the 17th century. "Gule Wamkulu", or big dance, is the best-known and longest dance of the Nyau. It is also known as "pemphero lathu lalikulu la mizimu" ("great prayer to our ancestors") or "gulu la anamwaliri" ("dance of the ancestors"). Prior to the "Gule Wamkulu" dance, Nyau dancers observe a series of secret rituals which are associated with their society, a secret brotherhood. The dance is mainly performed at funerals and memorial services but also at initiations and other celebrations. The masks worn by the dancers on such performances are in the form of animals or "beasts" such as antelopes believed to capture the soul or spirit of the deceased that brings renewed life. The purpose of the dance is said to be a way of communicating messages of the ancestors to the villagers and making possible continued harvests and continued life. Nyau is a protection against evil and an expression of religious beliefs that permeate society. Since it is also adapted to scare people to extract money, it has been used as a connotation to describe the dancers: "He dumped the whole Christian thing these days, he's gone back to his roots and joined Nyau" or "Behave yourself, stop acting like a Nyau".
Attire.
The variety of masks resembling ancestors is huge and ever growing, unlike the animal structures. Some mask carvers are professionals while others are occasional artisans. Over 400 masks which are associated with the Nyau society and the "Gule wamkulu" ritual are exhibited at the Chamare Museum in Dedza District, Malawi.
Masks.
Nyau masks are constructed of wood and straw. and are divided into three types. The first is a feathered net mask, the second is a wooden mask and the third is a large zoomorphic basketry structure that envelops the entire body of the dancer. Wearing the latter, dancers tend to turn around and around in a motion known as "Nyau yolemba". They are representations of a large variety of characters, including wild animals such as antelope, lions and hyenas. With names such as Bwindi, Chibano, and Wakana, the masks portray a variety of traits and types such as the philanderer, a helpless epileptic, lust, greed, foolishness, vanity, infertility, sorcery, and ambition.; even a helicopter. As one Nyau member explains the masks and performance represents all of humanity and all of the spirit world.
There are a variety of mask types, some of which include:
Animal structures.
The Nyau members wearing animal structures resemble wild animals or "nyama za ku tchire", which appear at the time of death of people and therefore feared. There is some kind of hierarchy between the different animals, with some very respected animals (such as "njobvu", the elephant) and some less important. Highly respected animals are also believed to resemble very important ancestors such as chiefs or members of the Nyau cult. Most animal structures usually have a barrel-like shape, with an entry hole at the bottom. Inside the structure, bars are mounted to be able to carry the structure around. All structures completely cover the dancer, and the footprints are brushed away with branches by Nyau members. In the following some structures are explained in order of their importance.
The antelope forms are considered the most beautiful and are widely known as Kasiyamaliro (to leave the funeral/burial behind). Standing ten feet tall and often covered in dried woven maize husks, these mask forms are the first to appear in performances to remember the deceased, as a sign that the deceased have now joined the spirits and ancestors. This is a time of remembrance and celebration of life.

</doc>
<doc id="30940996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30940996" title="2011 Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks season">
2011 Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks season

The 2011 Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks season is the 45th in the club's history. They are competing in the NRL's 2011 Telstra Premiership. 

</doc>
<doc id="30941010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941010" title="Suddenly (2006 film)">
Suddenly (2006 film)

Suddenly () is a Swedish film from 2006, directed by Johan Brisinger. The film was shot on the island Härmanö in Orust Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="30941018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941018" title="Jewish Review">
Jewish Review

The Jewish Review is a twice-monthly, non-profit newspaper published in Portland, Oregon, United States. The paper has been published since 1959 by the Jewish Federation of Greater Portland.

</doc>
<doc id="30941020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941020" title="Takhuit">
Takhuit

Takhuit was the Great Royal Wife of Psamtik II. She dates to the Twenty-sixth dynasty of Egypt.
Biography.
Takhuit was the wife of Psamtik II and the mother of Pharaoh Apries and the God's Wife of Amun Ankhnesneferibre. Takhuit is known to be the wife of King Psamtik II, because their daughter Ankhnesneferibre is recorded as a King's Sister and to be born of Takhuit.
Burial.
Takhuit was buried in Athribis. Her tomb was discovered in 1950. A large sarcophagus and a heart scarab were discovered in her tomb.

</doc>
<doc id="30941021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941021" title="Mota (surname)">
Mota (surname)

Mota is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30941031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941031" title="1093 (number)">
1093 (number)

1093 is the natural number following 1092 and preceding 1094.
1093 is a prime number. Together with 1091 and 1097, it forms a prime triplet. It is a happy prime and a star prime. It is also the smallest Wieferich prime. 1093 is a repunit prime in base 3 because:

</doc>
<doc id="30941035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941035" title="Kayan Township">
Kayan Township

Kayan Township or Khayan Township (, ) is a township of Yangon Region.

</doc>
<doc id="30941037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941037" title="Jinzaburo Takagi">
Jinzaburo Takagi

He was a prolific author on the subject of nuclear technology and issues surrounding nuclear power. Just before his death in 2000, he wrote a book called "Why There Will Be Another Nuclear Disaster", which was widely read after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30941049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941049" title="Krešo Račić">
Krešo Račić

Krešimir "Krešo" Račić (15 August 1932 in Karlovac – 19 June 1994 in Zagreb) was a Croatian hammer thrower. He competed for the former Yugoslavia in the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics, his best result being finishing sixth in 1956.
He also won gold in the 1959 Mediterranean Games and bronze in the 1959 Summer Universiade.

</doc>
<doc id="30941062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941062" title="Netherlands Under-19 cricket team">
Netherlands Under-19 cricket team

The Netherlands Under-19 cricket team represents the Netherlands in Under-19 international cricket.
The team has been playing in international youth tournaments since 1979 but have only participated in one U-19 World Cup in 2000. They most recently participated in 2010 European U-19 Championship where they finished fourth, thus missing out on a chance for World Cup qualification.
Current Squad.
The following squad played in the latest tournament, 2010 European U-19 Championship:
Future.
The team will next play in the 2011 European U-19 Championship which is due to be a challenge series, involving multiple matches played over a longer period of time.

</doc>
<doc id="30941070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941070" title="George Abbotts">
George Abbotts

George Abbotts or Abbot (16021645) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1640 and 1645.
Abbotts was born in Middlesex, the son of Sir Maurice Abbot(ts). He matriculated at Balliol College, Oxford on 15 October 1619, aged 17 and was awarded BA on 28 February 1622. In 1622 he became a fellow of Merton College, Oxford and was awarded MA on 20 May 1625. He was incorporated at Cambridge University in 1627 and was awarded B.C.L. on 16 November 1630.
In April 1640, Abbotts was elected Member of Parliament for Guildford in the Short Parliament as a Parliamentarian. He was re-elected MP for Guildford in the Long Parliament in November 1640 and sat until his death. In July 1641 he wanted to resign his seat, but his request was not granted.

</doc>
<doc id="30941077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941077" title="Paul McIntyre (footballer)">
Paul McIntyre (footballer)

Paul McIntyre (born 18 January 1967 in Girvan) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Ayr United, St. Mirren, Stranraer, Clydebank and Partick Thistle in the Scottish Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="30941084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941084" title="E Reece discography">
E Reece discography

This is a listing of official releases by E Reece, an American rapper.

</doc>
<doc id="30941085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941085" title="Arthur Henry Hardinge">
Arthur Henry Hardinge

Sir Arthur Henry Hardinge, GCMG, KCB (London, 12 October 1859 -Mortlake, Greater London, 27 December 1933, buried at St.Peter Churchyard, Fordcombe, Kent, England), was a senior British diplomat.
Early life.
He was the son of General Hon. Sir Arthur Edward Hardinger, (1828–1892), KCB, Commander of the Bombay Army and later Governor of Gibraltar, and a grandson of the 1st Viscount Hardinge.
A fluent speaker of Spanish and French, he studied Classics and Modern History at Balliol College, Oxford University, being a Fellow of All Souls College in 1881.
He was a Page of Honour to Queen Victoria 1870-1876.
Diplomatic career.
Hardinge entered the Foreign Office in 1880, and had his first posting as a Junior Agent of the British Foreign Office, at Madrid, Spain, in 1883, under Ambassador Robert Morier. He acted as a Secretary to he Foreign Minister Lord Salisbury in 1885, and when Robert Morier was appointed Ambassador to Saint Petersburg, Russia, he went there as his personal aid.
In 1887, he went to Istanbul, Turkey, under Sir William White, moving in 1890 to Bucharest, Romania. He accompanied the Russian Tsarevich on his trip to India 1890-91, and was then acting Consul-General in Cairo, Egypt, in 1891, under Sir Evelyn Baring.
In 1894 he was appointed Consul General to Zanzibar being promoted to Colonial Head, 1895–1900, at the British East Africa Protectorate, overseeing there the construction of a strategically railway to Uganda and the crushing of an Arabic ethnic rebellion. In October 1900 he was appointed Consul-General in Persia, a post which was later upgraded to Minister. Staying in Teheran until 1906, he stressed the importance of stopping Tsarist Russia on courting the political favours of the Persian government .
Concern by King Edward VII prompted him to accept the position as Minister to Belgium 1906–1911, and later as Minister to Portugal 1911–1913, and Ambassador to Spain, 1913–1919, a neutral country in World War I. There, he was frequented at Madrid and Barcelona by notorious widow literary woman and sister to the famous General Jose Millan Astray, Pilar Millan Astray, who was running some sort of World War I spyionnage network in both places and took thus opportunities to read and transcribe faithfully his diplomate notes.
He retired in 1920, aged 61. He became the author of several books, including "Life of Lord Carnarvon" (1925) and two volumes of autobiography, "A Diplomatist in Europe" (1927) and "A Diplomatist in the East". 
Family.
Hardinge married, in 1899, Alexandra Mina Ellis, daughter of Major-General Sir Arthur Ellis. They had a daughter, and two sons Henry Arthur Mina Hardinge (1905–1925), and George Granville Douglas Hardinge (1912–1927), who both died young. 
Honours.
Most Honourable Order of the Bath
Distinguished Order of St Michael and St George

</doc>
<doc id="30941090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941090" title="Sydney A. Oades">
Sydney A. Oades

Sydney Arthur Oades was a British World War I flying ace credited with 11 official aerial victories.
World War I.
Sydney Arthur Oades originally served as a sapper with the Royal Engineers.
On 15 May 1917, Oades was commissioned a temporary second lieutenant in the Royal Flying Corps. He was confirmed in his rank on 22 June 1917.
By late 1917, he was posted to 22 Squadron as a Bristol F.2 Fighter pilot. On 27 October 1917, he and his observer drove a German Rumpler reconnaissance craft down out of control for Oades' first aerial victory. He then teamed with John Jones for his next two wins; on both 5 and 6 December 1917, they destroyed German reconnaissance planes. With a different observer manning the rear guns, he drove down an Albatros D.V north of Roulers, Belgium on 6 January 1918. Oades then crewed up with Stanton Bunting; the new pair began a run of seven successes on 30 January 1918 by driving down a German recon plane to make Oades an ace. On 17 February, they destroyed an Albatros D.V; the next day, they drove down another out of control. On the 26th, in two separate engagements, they burned an Albatros D.V and drove a second one down. On 5 March 1918, they destroyed two more German enemies in an action that saw both RFC crewmen wounded. By now, Bunting was also an ace, though an undecorated one. Oades, on the other hand, would receive a Military Cross for his exploits.
Oades was injured in an aircraft crash on 13 March 1918; he would not score another victory.
Post World War I.
Sydney Arthur Oades was restored to active duty in the RAF as a Flying Officer on 9 April 1921.
World War II and beyond.
On 22 July 1940, Sydney Oades was appointed a Pilot Officer on probation for duration of hostilities. However, he was forced to surrender his commission on 12 December 1941 because of health issues.
He retired from the profession of retail costumier. He died upon 13 January 1961 while residing in Kingston upon Thames in Surrey.
Honors and awards.
Military Cross
T./2nd Lt. Sydney Arthur Oades, Gen.
List and R.F.C.
For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to
duty. On six different occasions during
four months he has driven down three
enemy machines which crashed on reaching
the ground, and has destroyed two
others, causing them to descend in
flames. A sixth machine, after he had
fired eighty rounds into it, turned over and
went down spinning out of control, but
owing to bad visibility it was not observed
to crash. In addition to these he has brought
down another three hostile machines
out of control, and has always shown the most magnificent dash, gallantry, and determination.

</doc>
<doc id="30941121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941121" title="Neil Sedaka discography">
Neil Sedaka discography

The following is a comprehensive discography of Neil Sedaka, the American singer.
Albums.
1950s.
1959
1960s.
1961
1963
1964
1965
1966
1969
1970s.
1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980s.
1980
1981
1982
1983
1986
1988
1990s.
1991
1993
1994
1995
1996
1998
1999
2000s.
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010s.
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
Italian-language singles.
All singles were released on the RCA Victor label except for "L'Addio"/"Passo E Chiudo" which was released on the Atlantic label.
German-language singles.
All singles were released on the RCA label.

</doc>
<doc id="30941140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941140" title="Jacqueline Roumeguere-Eberhardt">
Jacqueline Roumeguere-Eberhardt

Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt (1927–2006) was a French anthropologist (born South African), research director at the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) and Africa specialist. She conducted pioneering research in Southern Africa (among the Venda, Tsonga, Shona, Lozi, Bushmen), Central (among the Gbaya) and Kenya (among the Maasai, Samburu, El Molo, Rendille and unidentified hominids), which led her to develop the project "Totemic Geography of Africa "(TGA). During her career, she has collected valuable fieldwork material (interviews, notes, audio and audiovisual recordings, photographs, objects) which now constitute a substantial archive. She is the author of numerous scientific publications (articles, books and movies) in French and English.
Biography (short).
Jacqueline Roumeguère, born Eberhardt
Birth : 1927, at Elim (Transvaal) in the Limpopo Province, R.S.A
Nationality: French
Family status : three children : Isabelle, Caroline, Georges
Scientific aspects.
Studies.
Pretoria Girls' High School
March 1948 : BA Social Studies (Rand), Max Pollack Prize
December 1949 : M.A With Distinction (Rand)
1950/1954 : Post Graduate Studies at La Sorbonne and EPHE (Paris) in Social Anthropology and Phylosophy with professors : Georges Gurvitch, Gaston Bachelard, Maurice Leenhardt, Marcel Griaule, Claude Lévi-Strauss (who published her first book in his Collection « 1'Homme» )
December 1954-2002: Researcher at the CNRS (French National Centre for Scientific Research)
Languages.
French, English, Maasai, Venda, Tsonga, Afrikaans, Sotho/Pedi/Tswana, Spanish, Portuguese, Kalanga/Karanga(Shona), Gbaya, Gukwe, Kiswahili
Filmography.
"The Python Uncoils", The Domba filmed in 1960, 16 mm, color, 1982–84, Film Director : Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt, Production: Azakili Films and Cnrs
"The Oxe Of The Moon Crescent Horns", 16 mm, color, 1985, Film Director : Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt, Co-Production: Azakili Films / A2 (French Channel)
"Self Control", 16 mm, color, 33mn, 1985, Film Director : Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt and Isabelle Roumeguère, Production: Azakili Films and Cnrs,
"Farewell Great Maasai Warriors", 16 mm, color, 19 mn, 1987, Film Director : Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt, Production : Azakili Films
"From Warriors To Traders", 16 mm, color, 52 mn, 1987, Film Director : Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt and Meitamei Ole Kapusia, Production: Azakili Films and Fr3
"Eunoto, A Maasai Ceremony", 16 mm, color, 52 mn, 1987 Film Director : Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt And Meitamei Ole Kapusia, Production: Azakili Films And Fr3
"Zimbabwe Rituals" (4 Films): "ZCC, Childrens Games, Drums Cure, Rain Dancers", 1960/1988, Film Director : Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt, Production: Azakili Films
"Parallel Lives", 16 mm, Color, 52 mn, 1991, Film Director : Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt, Production : Azakili Films
Films nominated for Festivals :
Sources.
Roumeguère, Isabelle & Zanger, Pierre, "Memorendum, Jacqueline Roumegère-Eberhardt", Revue d'Outres-Mer, 2006 (to be precised)
See also.
More details on the French page (detailed biography, bibliography): Jacqueline Roumeguère-Eberhardt

</doc>
<doc id="30941158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941158" title="Marek Dąbrowski">
Marek Dąbrowski

Marek Dąbrowski (born 28 November 1949) is a Polish fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30941188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941188" title="Tiffany Giardina">
Tiffany Giardina

Tiffany Kathryn Giardina (born November 4, 1993) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and model. Her debut full-length album "No Average Angel" was released in 2009. 
Early life.
Giardina is the oldest of three girls. Giardina started on Broadway at the age of five and performed as Molly in "Annie" as well as roles in "Peter Pan" and "The Sound of Music". She was in TV commercials for Cheerios and Major League Baseball. She also appeared in comedy sketches of "Saturday Night Live" and the "Late Show with David Letterman." In 2006 she took part in the "62nd Annual Columbus Day Parade". Since childhood, she is friends with Nick Jonas.
Music career.
When Giardina was 13, she was signed by 785 Records. Giardina's first album "We Got Christmas" came out on November 8, 2005. The first single, "Sure Don't Feel Like Christmas", was released to radio during the Christmas holiday, and it is about a girl whose father is at war during Christmas time. 
Giardina released "No Average Angel" in 2009. "No Average Angel" and "Hurry Up and Save Me" were featured in the "Another Cinderella Story" soundtrack and were released as singles. Both of the music videos for them were shot in New York City and were directed by Andrew Bennett and the first 1,000 copies of the album came with a bonus DVD featuring the two music videos. "Hurry Up and Save Me" became her best selling single and has sold over 150,000 digital units to date..

</doc>
<doc id="30941190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941190" title="List of Mrs. Brown's Boys episodes">
List of Mrs. Brown's Boys episodes

This is an episode list for "Mrs. Brown's Boys", an Irish-British sitcom which debuted on RTÉ One in Ireland on 1 January 2011 and on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 21 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30941198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941198" title="Julius Rudolph Theodor Vogel">
Julius Rudolph Theodor Vogel

Julius Rudolph Theodor Vogel (30 July 1812 – 17 December 1841) was a German botanist. 
Life.
He was born in Berlin, and studied at the Friedrich-Wilhelms-Gymnasium. He learned botany from Johann Friedrich Ruthe. In 1837 he graduated Ph.D. from the University of Berlin with a dissertation on the genus "Cassia". He was a "privatdozent" at Berlin and then from 1839 at the University of Bonn, where he took over duties after the death of Theodor Friedrich Ludwig Nees von Esenbeck. He worked particularly on Brazilian plants, and collaborated with Matthias Jakob Schleiden. In 1840 he worked on the collections of Franz Meyen who had just died. 
At the end of 1840 he travelled to England to meet the African Civilization Society, then planning the Niger expedition of 1841. Taking two years' leave from Bonn, he joined the expedition in May 1841, on the steamer "Wilberforce". He wrote letters from Sierra Leone and Accra, and left a journal of the expedition. Suffering from fever, he died on Fernando Po (now Bioko) of dysentery, on 17 December 1841.
Works.
At Madeira he made a herbarium with the help of Richard Thomas Lowe. He made collections in Liberia, at Cape Mesurado and elsewhere. His specimens are now at Kew Gardens.
His author abbreviation is Vogel.

</doc>
<doc id="30941213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941213" title="Kararname (League of Prizren)">
Kararname (League of Prizren)

Kararname of Prizren Committee for National Defence is the name of the decree (the Book of Decisions) signed by 47 Muslim deputies from the districts of Prizren, Yakova (present-day Gjakova), Ipek (present-day Peć), Gucia, Yeni Pazar (present-day Novi Pazar), Sjenica, Pljevlja, Kosovska Mitrovica, Vučitrn, Pristina, Gnjilane, Skopje, Kalkandelen (present-day Tetovo), Kičevo, Gostivar, and Lower Dibra (present-day Peshkopi) and Upper Dibra (present-day Debar) on June 18, 1878.
Etymology.
Kararname is a word from Turkish language, and means decree or the government approved decision of the president.
Background.
The Prizren Committee for National Defence delegates assembled in Prizren on June 10, 1878, and submitted an eighteen-page memorandum to Benjamin Disraeli the British representative at the Congress of Berlin, on June 13, 1878.
Text and signatories of the Kararname.
The Kararname represents an initial position, mainly supported by landlords and individuals related to the Ottoman administration, which is also reflected in an early name of the group (The Committee of the Real Muslims, ). The text of the kararname composed on the first meeting of the league was not based on the nationalistic but the religious solidarity. It said nothing about the reforms, nothing about the schools, nothing about the autonomy or about the union of the Albanian population within one, Albanian vilayet. Soon that position changed radically and resulted in demands of autonomy and open war against the Ottoman Empire. 
The text of Kararname had 16 articles. Basically the text contained announcement that the people from the "northern Albania, Epirus and Bosnia" are willing to defend the "territorial integrity" of the Ottoman Empire "by all possible means" from the troops of the Bulgaria, Serbia and Montenegro. It was signed by 47 Muslim deputies of the Prizren Committee for National Defence on June 18, 1878. Around 300 Muslims participated on the assembly, including delegates from Bosnia and mutasarrif (sanjakbey) of the Sanjak of Prizren as representative of the central authorities, and no delegates from Scutari Vilayet.
Aftermath.
Kararname served to promote a new agenda of Albanian National Awakening composed by Abdyl Frashëri on a key assembly of landowners at the Bektashi monastery of his native village of Frashër, and adopted by League of Prizren on November 27, 1878. It was not an appeal for Albanian independence, or even autonomy within Ottoman Empire but, as proposed by Pashko Vasa, simply the unification of all Albanian speaking territory within one vilayet.

</doc>
<doc id="30941231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941231" title="Women's World Chess Championship 1930">
Women's World Chess Championship 1930

The 2nd Women's World Chess Championship took place during the 3rd Chess Olympiad in Hamburg. The tournament was played as a double round-robin tournament. Vera Menchik successfully defended her title. The final results were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30941234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941234" title="Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix">
Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix

The Sainsbury's Indoor Grand Prix, formerly known as Aviva Grand Prix, is an annual indoor track and field competition which is held in mid-February at the National Indoor Arena in Birmingham, England. It is one of a handful of events to hold IAAF Indoor Permit Meetings status. As one of the later major meetings of the indoor athletics season, it often serves as preparation for the biennial European Athletics Indoor Championships and IAAF World Indoor Championships. The meeting is directed by former athlete Ian Stewart and attracts numerous high calibre athletes including World and Olympic medallists.
The event is one of three indoor athletics competitions in the United Kingdom which are sponsored by Sainsbury's, alongside the Sainsbury's UK Indoor Championships and the Sainsbury's International Match in Glasgow. The Sainsbury's Indoor Grand Prix was previously known as the Norwich Union Indoor Grand Prix prior to the sponsor's rebranding as Aviva in 2009.
Gabriela Szabo broke the indoor world record in the women's 3000 metres at the 2001 edition of the event, setting a time of 8:32.88 minutes.
The Indoor Grand Prix venue has also been used for international level competitions, hosting the 2003 IAAF World Indoor Championships and the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships.
World records.
Over the course of its history, numerous world records have been set at the Aviva Indoor Grand Prix.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="30941241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941241" title="András Bíró">
András Bíró

András Bíró (born October 20, 1925, Sofia) is a Hungarian journalist, journal editor, environment activist and human rights activist. He was born of Hungarian / Serbian parents. He was a founding editor of the UN family journals "Ceres" and "Mazingira". He founded the organization Hungarian Foundation for Self-Reliance in 1990. He was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="30941268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941268" title="Lech Koziejowski">
Lech Koziejowski

Lech Koziejowski (born 3 April 1949) is a Polish fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics and a bronze in the same event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30941285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941285" title="Paul McLean (footballer)">
Paul McLean (footballer)

Paul McLean (born 25 July 1964 in Johnstone) in a Scottish former footballer, who played for Queen's Park, Motherwell, Ayr United and Stranraer.

</doc>
<doc id="30941312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941312" title="Eldrine">
Eldrine

Eldrine (stylised as ƎLDRINE and also known as Eldraini) is a Georgian rock band that represented Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "One More Day". The current line-up consists of 6 band members: Mariam Tomaradze who replaced Sophio Toroshelidze, Mikheil Chelidze, Irakli Bibilashvili, David Changoshvili, Tamar Shekiladze and Beso Tsikhelashvili. To date, they have released one studio album, entitled "Fake Reality". It was released in January 2011, and a re-issued version is planned for release with the inclusion of "One More Day".
Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
Eldrine entered and won a national telecast vote to represent Georgia in the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest, in Düsseldorf, Germany. Just a few days later, it was announced that Sopho Toroshelidze had replaced the band's original singer Tamar Vadachkoria, due to contractual issues. Eldrine competed into the first semi-final and were drawn as the 9th act to perform. They finished 6th in the voting, and thus qualified for the final, where they performed last and finished in 9th place with 110 points, receiving 12 points from Lithuania, Ukraine and Belarus.

</doc>
<doc id="30941331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941331" title="Lee Gardner (footballer)">
Lee Gardner (footballer)

Lee Gardner (born 11 July 1970 in Ayr) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Aberdeen, Oxford United, Ayr United, Meadowbank Thistle, Arbroath, Albion Rovers, Clydebank, Alloa, Brechin, Airdrieonians and Airdrie United.

</doc>
<doc id="30941337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941337" title="Bonifaz">
Bonifaz

Bonifaz, a variation of the name Bonifatius may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30941352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941352" title="Jerzy Kaczmarek">
Jerzy Kaczmarek

Jerzy Kaczmarek (born 8 January 1948) is a Polish fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30941383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941383" title="Arkadiusz Godel">
Arkadiusz Godel

Arkadiusz Godel (born 4 February 1952) is a Polish fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He also holds a law degree from the University of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="30941386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941386" title="Vanessa McCarthy">
Vanessa McCarthy

Vanessa McCarthy is an American television producer and writer.
Her television writing credits include "Friends", "Abby", "Modern Family" and also producing and writing for "Joey" and "Hot in Cleveland".
In 2004, she won The Robert Meltzer Writers Guild of America Award for her work on the animated sitcom "Father of the Pride", as a part of the writing team.
She was a head writer and executive producer for the sitcom "Rules of Engagement".

</doc>
<doc id="30941404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941404" title="Atlanta Confederate order of battle">
Atlanta Confederate order of battle

The following units and commanders fought in the Confederate Army of Tennessee during the Battle of Atlanta on July 22, 1864. The Union order of battle is listed separately.
Army of Tennessee.
Gen John B. Hood
Hardee's Corps.
LTG William J. Hardee
Hood's Corps.
MG Benjamin F. Cheatham
Cavalry Corps.
MG Joseph Wheeler

</doc>
<doc id="30941408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941408" title="Al Gregg">
Al Gregg

Al Gregg (born 9 June 1963 in West Brompton, London) is an English actor, writer and musician who has appeared in a variety of theatre, television, film, commercials and voice overs.
After leaving school at sixteen he played guitar and sang in various punk bands including Three Minute Warning/Four Minds Crack and then the Wall, (who were produced by both Steve Jones of the Sex Pistols and Jimmy Pursey from Sham 69), and appeared in music magazines like Melody Maker, and recorded on the Wall's Day Tripper 12" and EP. After the bands split in 1983, he trained as an actor at the Rose Bruford College of Speech and Drama (1985–88). His many television credits include, "EastEnders", "Casualty", "Conquest", "The Bill", "Soldier Soldier", "Inspector Alleyn" and "Lovejoy". He has recently appeared in the films ""; "Operation Chastity"; "The Final"; "Dead Ideas"; "A Modest Proposal". Most recently "Harrigan"; "Dr Easy"; "Squat"; "Write the Future", starring Wayne Rooney and directed by Alejandro G Inarritu, has appeared in "Fuelling the Future" for the London Olympics/Paralympics 2012. Most recently, he has played the lead role of Clint Hill (the Secret Service agent who tried to save JFK) in forthcoming film "'A Life for Kennedy";
Alongside his acting, Gregg was the lead guitarist for rock singer Caroline Alexander (Organic/Universal) produced by Ace (Skunk Anansie) and also for Rip It Up (Ankh Music). Alongside extensive recording work, he frequently appeared live, including headlining the Forum and supporting Girlschool at the London Astoria in 2006.
Al Gregg's debut novel "The Wrong Outfit", about football and punk rock, published by AuthorHouse UK, was released in the autumn of 2010 to much critical acclaim: 'The Wrong Outfit' is excellent. It just has to be read. It's epic, exhilarating, spellbinding and a remarkable read'. "Vital Football"
He also co-wrote and composed the original music in the play about Punk 'Reality Chokes', and appeared as one of the main characters Dan, both in London and at the Edinburgh Festival in 2009, garnering some five star reviews and a nomination for the MTMUK awards. His other writing includes Next (BBC), and two historical plays 'Soldiers of Babylon' and 'Murder, My Lord'. He has also co-adapted with his brother Rob Gregg, Aristophanes' comedy 'Frogs Reimagined' as a play about music, for productions in Greece, Cyprus and at the Stockton Theatre, New Jersey in the US in 2014. Further musical co-adaptations of Shakespeare, 'Midsummer Night's Scream' (performed at the Dante Hall Theatre, Atlantic City US (2013) and 'Much ado 'bout Nothin' is also to follow in 2014. A further play with music about Syd Barrett of Pink Floyd and his alter ego Arnold Layne titled 'Piper' is due for production in 2015.
In July 2011, Gregg released his very own Chelsea football rock song "Chelsea Buzz", with proceeds going to the Chelsea Pensioners' Appeal. He became the voice for the new Mighty Boosh - inspired podcast animation series CodEye, written by Martin Kaluza and Martin Cooper with drawings by Luke Harkus-Jeffries.

</doc>
<doc id="30941413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941413" title="Melaku Worede">
Melaku Worede

Melaku Worede was born in Ethiopia in 1936. After obtaining a PhD in Agronomy (Genetics and Breeding) from the University of Nebraska, he returned to Ethiopia and became involved in the planning of the Plant Genetic Resources Centre in Addis Ababa, of which he became Director in 1979. He held this post until his retirement in 1993 to join the Seeds of Survival Programme of Ethiopia, which he founded with the support of a consortium of Canadian NGOs led by the Unitarian Service Committee (USC/Canada).
Melaku Worede was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 1989.
Ethiopia is one of the world's eight 'Vavilov Centres' noted for their great genetic diversity. It is this bio-diversity - now under great threat from drought and modern farming methods - that Worede has sought to preserve. Further, the Plant Genetic Resources Centre (PGRC) set out to establish 'Strategic Seed Reserves' of traditional varieties that could be released to farmers for planting in times of drought when no other seeds were likely to thrive. In only a few years, Worede and his staff collected and safely stored a considerable amount of Ethiopia's genetic wealth. In the process, he established not only Africa's finest facility of its kind, but also one of the world's premier genetic conservation systems. Worede built this institution exclusively with Ethiopian staff, training a whole new generation of plant breeders and geneticists in his home country.
Worede retired from government service to continue and develop his pioneer work on a farming-based native seed (landrace) conservation, enhancement and utilisation. Growing without commercial fertilisers or other chemicals, the locally adapted native seeds developed in this way (e.g. durum wheat) have been shown to exceed their high-input counterparts on the average by 10-15% and the original farmers' cultivars by 20-25% in yield.
Worede has been active in the training of several gene bank curators and many other young scientists. Several initiatives to support biodiversity conservation and utilisation in Africa take the Ethiopian experience as their model, and are thus attributable to Worede's ground-breaking work.
Also very active at the international level, Worede was the first Chair of the African Committee for Plant and Genetic Resources, and has been instrumental in the setting up of the African Biodiversity Network. He has served as Chair of the UN Food and Agriculture Organization's Commission on Plant Genetic Resources, and is currently a Board member of (among others) the International Plant Genetic Resources Institute (IPGRI) and the Rural Advancement Foundation International (RAFI). In 2008 the National Green Award Foundation, headed by the Ethiopian president, gave Worede the Outstanding International Contribution Award.
Dr Melaku features in the film Seeds of Freedom which was released in June 2012, and features narration from Oscar Winning Actor Jeremy Irons. The film was produced by The Gaia Foundation and the African Biodiversity Network, both organisations with whom Dr Melaku has been a long term ally and worked alongside to lead a number of trainings with Field Officers working across Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="30941418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941418" title="Extrasensory perception in animals">
Extrasensory perception in animals

There have been numerous studies to determine whether animals possess extrasensory perceptions, or "animal psi"; Joseph Banks Rhine coined the term "anpsi" to refer to psychic abilities in animals.
Case studies.
The parapsychologist Helmut Schmidt and the biologist Remy Chauvin both have claimed that extrasensory perception can be found in animals due to the results of experiments they carried out. Chauvin did experiments with rats and his results were 58% over the chance level, there was no obvious explanation for the animal's behavior and he concluded that the rats are most likely to have used a form of extrasensory perception.

</doc>
<doc id="30941422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941422" title="Teresópolis Futebol Clube">
Teresópolis Futebol Clube

Teresópolis Futebol Clube, commonly known as Teresópolis, is a Brazilian football club based in Teresópolis, Rio de Janeiro state.
History.
The club was founded on August 4, 1915 in Alto neighborhood. Teresópolis professionalized its football department in 1989.
Stadium.
Teresópolis Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Antônio Savattone. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 8,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30941427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941427" title="Mike Hintz">
Mike Hintz

Mike Hintz is a former defensive back in the National Football League. He played with the Chicago Bears during the 1987 NFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="30941436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941436" title="Jerzy Janikowski">
Jerzy Janikowski

Jerzy Janikowski (13 April 1952 – 21 December 2006) was a Polish fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30941438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941438" title="Frank Horton">
Frank Horton

Frank Horton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30941446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941446" title="Three Arrows Cooperative Society">
Three Arrows Cooperative Society

Three Arrows Cooperative Society is a cooperative summer colony located in Putnam Valley, NY. It was founded in 1936 by members of the Young People's Socialist League, from whence its name and emblem derive. The Society owns 125 acres of land which comprise 75 individual home sites as well as several communal buildings and access to Barger Pond. The colony, sometimes known as Camp Three Arrows, was imbued with socialist and communitarian values and offers a wide range of cultural, educational and leisure activities.
Notable Three Arrows members include author Bruno Fischer, labor leader Israel Kugler, political activist Samuel H. Friedman and poet Peretz Kaminsky. The Socialist Party of America held its annual conventions at Three Arrows and the Three Arrows Social Hall is named for its perennial presidential candidate Norman Thomas, a regular visitor. Historically many Three Arrows members were active in progressive political organizations including the Arbeiter Ring, the Jewish Labor Committee and the League for Industrial Democracy as well as many aspects of the Labor Movement. The Student League for Industrial Democracy, later known as Students For A Democratic Society or SDS, held meetings at Three Arrows during the 1950s and early 60s.
Three Arrows is member-run, with no paid staff other than an onsite caretaker and some teenage lifeguards during the summer months. There is an elaborate system of committees, with each member expected to serve on one or more committees and perform the work required to maintain the cooperative. As in other cooperatives, members own shares in the society rather than holding title to their individual sites.
Three Arrows remains a vibrant summer community whose membership includes descendants of the founders as well as others drawn to the natural beauty of the location and active community life.

</doc>
<doc id="30941449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941449" title="Norwegian diaspora">
Norwegian diaspora

The Norwegian diaspora consists of Norwegian emigrants and their descendants, especially those that maintain some of the customs of their Norwegian culture. Emigrants became Kola Norwegians, Norwegian Americans, Norwegian Canadians, Norwegian Australians, Norwegian New Zealanders, Norwegian Brazilians, Norwegian Argentines, Franco-Norwegian and Norwegian South Africans.
History.
Norsemen left the area that is now the modern state of Norway in the Viking expansion, including the settlement of Iceland and the conquest of Normandy.
In the 1500s and 1600s there was a small scattering out of Norwegian people and culture as Norwegian tradesmen moved along the routes of the timber trade.
The 19th century wave of Norwegian emigration began in 1825. The Midwestern United States, especially the states of Wisconsin and Minnesota, was the destination of most people who left Norway. The first modern Norwegian settlement in the United States was Norwegian Ridge, in what is now Spring Grove, Minnesota.
As of 2006 there are over 5,000,000 Norwegian Americans. In Canada in a 2006 survey, 432,515 people reported a Norwegian heritage. 55,475 Americans spoke Norwegian at home as of 2000, and the American Community Survey in 2005 showed that 39,524 people use the language at home.
Early emigrant communities in the US were an enthusiastic market for books written in Norwegian at least from the 1890s to 1930s. One popular writer for the Decorah-Posten, a major Norwegian-language newspaper in the US, was Torbjørg Lie, who imagined her readers "not so much adopting a new country as living in a diaspora." Meanwhile, newspapers in Norway were also eager to publish letters that recent emigrants had written home, telling of their experiences in foreign countries.
According to scholar Daniel Judah Elazar, "It was the Norwegian diaspora in the United States which initiated the separation of Norway from Sweden, which led to Norwegian independence in 1905." The Norwegian-American community overwhelmingly favored independence of Norway from Sweden, and collecting money for Norwegian rifle clubs in case the conflict should become violent. In 1884, the Minneapolis chapter of Den Norsk-Amerikanske Venstrefoening sent 4,000 kroners to Norway's Liberal Party (the party that favored independence.) Norwegian-Americans campaigned enthusiastically for the US to recognize Norway's independence from Sweden, with petitions and letters arriving in Washington, DC from most major cities. One petition from Chicago's Norwegian community bore 20,000 signatures. President Theodore Roosevelt did not change his stance, however, and remained neutral until after Sweden accepted the change.
Ties to the homeland.
The Norwegian Emigrant Museum in Hamar, Norway is dedicated to "collecting, preserving and disseminating knowledge about Norwegian emigration, and to the preservation of cultural ties between Norway and those of Norwegian ancestry throughout the world," according to the museum's website, which states that a million Norwegians emigrated to other countries around the world between 1825 and 2000.
The Sons of Norway ("Sønner av Norge"), originally a small fraternal benefit organization, now has more than 60,000 members in the US and almost 3,000 in Canada. It is dedicated to promoting Norwegian culture and traditions.
The Vesterheim Norwegian-American Museum in Decorah, Iowa, is the oldest and most comprehensive museum in the United States devoted to a single immigrant ethnic group. It was founded in 1877 in association with nearby Luther College and re-dedicated in 1975 in a ceremony involving Norway's late King Olav. King Harald V of Norway will be present in October 2012 for the celebration of Luther College's sequicentennial.
Self-identified Norwegians, whether in Norway or elsewhere, celebrate "Syttende Mai" on May 17 as Norwegian Constitution Day. They may hold a children's parade, wear traditional clothing, or display ribbons of red, white, and blue. Norwegians in Sweden maintain their own Norwegian band "Det Norske Korps" for these celebrations.
Members of the Norwegian emigrant community in the United States "took a special pride" in Norway hosting the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer.

</doc>
<doc id="30941457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941457" title="DeGolyer and MacNaughton">
DeGolyer and MacNaughton

DeGolyer and MacNaughton is a petroleum consulting company based in Dallas, Texas, with offices in Houston, Moscow, Calgary*, and Algiers.
DeGolyer and MacNaughton was founded in 1936 by Everette Lee DeGolyer and Lewis MacNaughton. In 2004, it acquired Calgary-based Outtrim Szabo Associates forming its office in Canada as a subsidiary company.
Activities.
DeGolyer and MacNaughton Corp. provides petroleum consulting services in the United States and internationally. It offers appraisals, economic forecasts, geological studies, geophysical studies, petrophysical studies, engineering analysis, reservoir simulation, reserves assessment, and management services. The company also offers geological and engineering services for the exploration and production of metallic and nonmetallic minerals. It serves the petroleum industry and financial community.

</doc>
<doc id="30941458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941458" title="Kevin McKee">
Kevin McKee

Kevin McKee (born 10 June 1966 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Hibernian, Hamilton, Partick Thistle and Stenhousemuir in the Scottish Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="30941461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941461" title="Matas Šalčius">
Matas Šalčius

Matas Šalčius (September 30, 1890 – May 26, 1940) was a Lithuanian traveler, journalist, writer, political figure.
Šalčius was born in Čiudiškiai village in modern Prienai district, central Lithuania (at that time Russian Empire). He attended Marijampolė Gymnasium. While studying he began writing articles for newspapers launching his career in journalism. Šalčius later worked as a teacher in Šilutė district. He was a prominent critic of tsarist Russia so soon he had flee from political persecution. Then Šalčius began his first travel through China, Japan to the USA where he continued his work as a journalist.
After Lithuania gained independence in 1918, Šalčius returned to Lithuania and worked as a journalist (he was the director of ELTA news agency). He helped to establish the Lithuanian Riflemen's Union. Šalčius traveled across the Europe, attempted to launch the tourism industry in Lithuania. In 1929, Šalčius together with other famous Lithuanian traveler Antanas Poška began a great journey through the Balkans, Greece, Egypt, Near East to India. After this travel he published six-volume series "Svečiuose pas 40 tautų" (At the company of 40 nations), which was awarded the National Press Prize.
In 1936, Šalčius traveled to the South America. At first he unsuccessfully attempted to unite Lithuanian diaspora communities in the South America. Šalčius planned to journey through all the Americas to Alaska, but he became sick with malaria and encephalitis and died in town of Guayaramerín, Bolivia. In 2005, an expedition organized by Lithuanian travelers and journalists reached Guayaramerín and marked the approximate location of Šalčius burial by a bas-relief.

</doc>
<doc id="30941469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941469" title="Hot Spring Canyon">
Hot Spring Canyon

Hot spring canyon is a very diverse canyon located in the Santa Ana Mountains of Southern California. In this canyon, the tributary Hot Springs Creek, flows creating many waterfalls and deep limpid pools. This canyon consists of two parts. The first part, upper hot spring canyon and the bottom part, lower hot spring canyon. The upper part of hot spring canyon is the more relevant place to hike.It consists of many native plant species and great waterfalls with rocks for lounging.The lower part, a very dangerous hike, should not be done by beginner hikers. This part turns into a narrow slot like crevasse with many waterfalls and slippery rocks. If you do manage to hike down this part you will need rope, for there will be times to rappel down many waterfalls including the largest waterfall in Orange County.
Upper Canyon.
The best time to hike this canyon is in the months December thru May (if you want there to be any water). To start this hike take the Ortega highway (hwy 74) to the main divide truck trail. That same road will eventually turn into long canyon road. Follow that road up for about 2.5 miles until the turn off left at Hot spring canyon. Many paths will take you to the trail-head but try to follow falcon trail. If you get lost, then any of the small paths around the blue jay campground will bring you there. Follow the small trail down to a gully, this may require some bush whacking. Continue to head down the canyon and you will meet the first waterfall with little water and has two pools (one in the middle of the fall and one at the bottom). Just a bit farther down the canyon you will finally meet the main water source of the hike, which flows from the Los Pinos Peak. Only another 0.4 miles and you will reach the end of upper hot spring canyon with a 25 foot waterfall and a twelve foot deep pool (deepest in the range).
Lower Canyon.
If you managed to do the upper part of the canyon without a struggle, then continue on your way from the 25 foot waterfall. To get down this fall there should be a steep path to your right (if you’re facing and on top of the falls) make your way and see a gravely steep like cliff. Caution when heading down, it’s a good idea to use rope, but use extreme caution if you don’t. If you continue to head down the canyon, the terrain will become very treacherous and there will be many waterfalls to shimmy and climb down. Manage all of this and you will be greeted with the sight of the largest waterfall in all of the Santa Ana Mountains. Lower hot spring canyon falls is a sight to see, estimated 140 feet of water plummeting over a wall of rock. If you’re brave enough to rock climb down this and make it safely down the falls keep heading down the canyon and eventually will make it to Lazy W Ranch (but you will need two cars in order to do this). Alternate routes to the lower falls would be to start at the ranch and head up the canyon but cautions such as
Toxicodendron diversilobum and other plants may make traversing difficult.
Hiking Totals and Distances.
The lengths of both hikes aren't very long, but the hard bolder scrambling and rock climbing can make this hike seem longer than it really is. The estimated time for upper hot spring canyon is around two and a half hours,and is only three miles(there and back). The time for lower canyon is 9 miles (there and back) and takes basically all day(ten hours).These times are estimates so make sure to give yourself more time for sight seeing and maybe some swimming. This canyon is one of the prettiest in the Santa Ana Mountains, with the largest waterfall, the deepest swimming hole, and all wildlife the range has to offer. This canyon is also one of the most dangerous and should not be taken lightly, so use extreme caution when entering Hot Spring Canyon.

</doc>
<doc id="30941474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941474" title="Sierra Leone Under-19 cricket team">
Sierra Leone Under-19 cricket team

The Sierra Leone Under-19 cricket team represents the country of Sierra Leone in Under-19 international cricket. Emmanuel Pessima is the all times runs scorer of the Sierra Leone U-19 Cricket Team and also the only Batsman that has given the team over 61 runs not out 
Sierra Leone have only competed internationally at Under-19 level for the last couple of years but have already been very successful, qualifying in 2009 for the 2009 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup Qualifier. Unfortunately, due to visa reasons, Sierra Leone were unable to make it to Canada for the event and so missed out on the chance to qualify for the World Cup. They are also in a minority of affiliate cricket nations who field an Under-19 side.
Most recently, Sierra Leone participated in the 2010 ICC Africa Under-19 Championships.
Current Squad.
The squad selected for the 2010 ICC Africa Under-19 Championships was:
Future.
Sierra Leone finished sixth in the 2010 Division 1 Championship and so are due to compete again in the next installment, likely to take place in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30941480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941480" title="Companhia das Naus">
Companhia das Naus

The Companhia das Naus (in English, Company of the Carracks) was a Portuguese institution founded in 1380 by King Ferdinand I. It functioned as a kind of insurance company, providing owners of Portuguese vessels with some security in case of accident and thereby fostering the development of the Portuguese navy.
All vessels weighing more than fifty casks were compulsorily registered, paying a percentage of the profits of each chartered cargo which was added to the common funds. These funds were used not only to cover the expenditures of wrecked vessels, but also to finance the construction of new vessels.
The creation of the Companhia das Naus was an important measure that would prove the forerunner of the later Portuguese overseas expansion.
King Ferdinand I assigned Lopo Martins and Gonçalo Peres Canellas as executors of the Company, and provided them with a clerk who recorded the Company's revenues and expenses. The funds were kept in a chest with three locks (one key for each executor and one for the clerk). The executors were renumbered in fifty pounds of the funds of the Company a year and the clerk in thirty pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="30941498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941498" title="TKOL">
TKOL

TKOL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30941499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941499" title="Janusz Majewski">
Janusz Majewski

Janusz Majewski may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30941507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941507" title="Zoervleis">
Zoervleis

Zoervleis or Zoervleisj (Limburgian for "sour meat", in ) is a regional meat dish from the Province of Limburg / The Netherlands, a region split between the Netherlands and Belgium.
Zoervleis is similar to carbonade flamande and hachee and Germans might know it as Sauerbraten in some local variations. The sour refers to a process of marinading the meat, generally horse meat, in vinegar. However, despite its name the dish is sweet due the vinegar being compensated for with apple syrup and Dutch gingerbread {ontbijtkoek}.
The dish is often accompanied by French fries.

</doc>
<doc id="30941509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941509" title="Salvation (band)">
Salvation (band)

Salvation was a late-1960s American rock band from San Francisco. The group started as the New Salvation Army Banned in 1967 with the lineup of Al Linde singing and Joe Tate on guitar, later supplemented by bassist Artie McLean, keyboardist Art Resnick, and drummer Teddy Stewart. The group was sometimes billed as the New Salvation Army Band and their name prompted a legal challenge from The Salvation Army church organization. They performed in San Francisco, featured as the house band at the Roaring Twenties topless club in North Beach, at shows in Golden Gate Park and at the Haight-Ashbury communal venue the Straight Theater. In 1968 they changed their name to Salvation and issued a debut album of the same name, followed later by their second album release, "Gypsy Carnival Caravan", both on ABC Records. The band performed as an opening act for The Doors and Big Brother and the Holding Company before headlining in New York City at the Fillmore East in 1969. They dissolved in 1970 over financial issues.

</doc>
<doc id="30941518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941518" title="Aklilu Lemma">
Aklilu Lemma

Aklilu Lemma (died 1997) was an Ethiopian physician. He was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 1989, jointly with Legesse Wolde-Yohannes, for their work and discoveries on how to prevent the parasitic disease bilharzia.

</doc>
<doc id="30941556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941556" title="Miyazaki Phoenix League">
Miyazaki Phoenix League

The Miyazaki Phoenix League is a fall baseball league organized by Nippon Professional Baseball consisting of minor league affiliates of NPB teams, minor league affiliates of Korea Professional Baseball teams, and a team representing the Shikoku Island League Plus.

</doc>
<doc id="30941559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941559" title="Ralph Lumenti">
Ralph Lumenti

Raphael Anthony Lumenti (born December 21, 1936, at Milford, Massachusetts) is a retired American professional baseball player, a left-handed pitcher who appeared in 13 games played, six as a starting pitcher, between and for the Washington Senators of Major League Baseball. He batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Lumenti attended Boston University and the University of Massachusetts Amherst before signing a bonus contract with Washington on September 2, 1957. He made his debut five days later, pitching a scoreless ninth inning in a 4–1 loss to the New York Yankees at Griffith Stadium. The Bonus Rule then in effect forced the Senators to keep Lumenti on their Major League roster for his first two professional seasons; however, after pitching 11 games in 1957–1958, Washington was able to send Lumenti to the Chattanooga Lookouts of the Double-A Southern Association. He made two more appearances in Washington in 1959 before finishing his career in minor league baseball after the 1961 season.
Altogether, Lumenti hurled 33⅓ innings in MLB, allowed 32 hits and 42 bases on balls, while striking out 30.

</doc>
<doc id="30941570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941570" title="Josip Alebić">
Josip Alebić

Josip Alebić (also known as Jozo or Joško, born 7 January 1947 in Hrvace) is a former Croatian athlete. He competed for Yugoslavia in the 400 m and 4 x 400 m relay events in the 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30941573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941573" title="Wolfgang Hellrigl">
Wolfgang Hellrigl

Wolfgang C. Hellrigl (10 March 1941 – 23 November 2010) was an expert on the philately of Nepal and Tibet who in 1994 was invited to sign the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists.
Early life.
Hellrigl was born in Cologne and descended from a South Tyrolean family. His father was a prominent philatelist and an expert on old European states.
Specialisms.
Wolfgang Hellrigl specialised in the philately of Nepal, Tibet, India used in Tibet and Nepal, Jamnu and Kashmir and Mongolia.
Awards.
Hellrigl received many awards during his lifetime. He won a Large Gold medal for his "Classic Nepal" and a Grand Prix at the international exhibition in Brno 2005 for his "Jamnu and Kashmir". He also won the Tilleard Medal from the Royal Philatelic Society London in 1987, of which society he was a Fellow, and the "Martin Memorial Literature Awards" in 1978, 1984 and 1992.
In 2008 he won the Lindenberg Medal and in the same year he received the Hunziker Medal of the A.I.E.P.
His work in Indian philately was acknowledged by the award of the Martin Memorial Trophy of the India Study Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="30941577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941577" title="1889 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles">
1889 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles

Blanche Hillyard (née Bingley) defeated Lena Rice 4–6, 8–6, 6–4 in the All Comers' Final, and then defeated the reigning champion Lottie Dod by a walkover in the Challenge Round to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1889 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="30941585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941585" title="St Mary's Church, East Bradenham">
St Mary's Church, East Bradenham

St Mary's Church, East Bradenham, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Bradenham, Norfolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands at the east end of the village.
History.
The church dates from the 14th century, with additions and alterations in the 15th and 19th centuries.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St Mary's is constructed in flint with dressings in ashlar and brick. The roofs are lead. Its plan consists of a four-bay nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a north porch, a chancel, and a west tower flanked by the aisles. The tower dates from the 14th and 15th centuries. Its style is Perpendicular. It is in three stages, has angle buttresses and a battlemented parapet. On the west side is a doorway, over which is a 19th-century three-light window. In the top stage are two-light Perpendicular bell openings. In the west walls of both aisles are two-light windows. The north porch is in two storeys, and to its west is a stair turret. On its north side is an arched doorway, with a three-light window above, and on the east and west sides is a two-light window. On its summit are finials consisting of mutilated figures. On the north side of the church are two two-light windows, and the east wall of the north aisle contains a three-light window. The windows in the south aisle are similar, plus a 14th-century doorway. In the clerestory on both sides are six round 14th-century windows with quatrefoil tracery. On both sides at the east ends of the clerestory is a three-light window. The chancel has, on both sides, four two-light windows and a priest's door, the door on the south side being blocked. The east window dates from the 19th century and has three lights.
Interior.
Inside the church are 14th-century four-bay arcades with octagonal piers. There are piscinae in the south aisle and the chancel. Also in the south aisle is a medieval altar slab. The octagonal font dates from the 14th century with a 17th-century cover. There is a monument in the chancel to John Greene and his wife, dated 1684. Also in the church is a Rococo-style monument dated 1750 to Gisbon Lucas. The organ was built in 1786 by Samuel Green of London for Huntingfield Hall, Norfolk. It was moved into the church in 1883. Repairs were undertaken in 1892 by Norman and Beard. In 1940 the organ was moved to its present position from the south wall of he chancel. It was granted a Historic Organ Certificate in 1999, and plans are in hand for it to be restored.

</doc>
<doc id="30941589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941589" title="Janusz Majewski (fencer)">
Janusz Majewski (fencer)

Janusz Majewski (born 29 January 1940) is a Polish fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30941593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941593" title="Christopher Andersen (disambiguation)">
Christopher Andersen (disambiguation)

Christopher Andersen is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30941606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941606" title="Viktória Koroknai">
Viktória Koroknai

Viktória Koroknai (born 2 June 1979 in Székesfehérvár) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Veszprém Barabás KC in left wing position.
She represented Hungary on junior level and was part of the team that finished fourth on the Junior World Championship in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="30941623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941623" title="2009–10 Nemzeti Bajnokság I (women's handball)">
2009–10 Nemzeti Bajnokság I (women's handball)

The 2009–10 Nemzeti Bajnokság I was the fifty-ninth series of the national team handball championship for Hungarian women. Győri Audi ETO KC were the defending champions and they retained the championship by going undefeated throughout the season. The competition began on 2 September 2009, and ended on 27 March 2010. The playoffs ended on 15 May, with Váci NKSE beating Mondi Békéscsabai ENKSE thus taking the bronze medal.
Overview.
Teams.
Vasas SC and PTE-PEAC were relegated to the 2009–10 Nemzeti Bajnokság I/B after finishing the 2008–09 season in the bottom two places. 1982 European Champions Cup winners, Vasas SC, ended a forty-two-year spell in the top division, having played in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I since 1967. Newcomers PTE-PEAC, the handball team of the University of Pécs, suffered relegation after just one season.
Despite ranking seventh in the last year's championship, Tajtavill-Nyíradony had to leave the competition, after they lost many of their sponsors and faced serious financial trouble. Team president János Tajta, who spent about 200–300 million Hungarian forint (about 1 million Euro) on the team during his five-year ownership, announced on 8 July 2010, that the club was finished and withdrew from all competitions.
The three teams were replaced by newly promoted Hunnia KSK, Veszprém Barabás KC and Siófok KC.
The league comprised two teams from Budapest (Ferencvárosi TC, Hunnia KSK), three clubs from Central Transdanubia (Alcoa Fehérvár KC, Dunaújvárosi NKKSE and Veszprém Barabás KC), three teams from the Southern Great Plain (ASA-Consolis Hódmezővásárely, Kiskunhalas NKSE-Bravotel and Mondi Békéscsabai ENKSE); and one each from Western Transdanubia (Győri Audi ETO KC), Southern Transdanubia (Siófok KC), Central Hungary (Váci NKSE) and the Northern Great Plain (DVSC-Korvex).
In the regular season, the sides played twice against each other side, on a home leg and an away leg. The top four teams qualified for the playoffs, in which a best-of-three system was used. Teams ranked fifth to ninth, and tenth to twelfth, decided their final rank in a classification round, using a round robin system, playing six additional rounds. They were also awarded bonus points according their final position in the regular season.
League champions and runners-up enter the 2010–2011 EHF Champions League, while the next two teams following them have the right to take part in the 2010–11 EHF Cup. The bottom two clubs get relegated.
Regular season.
Results.
1Home teams are listed on the left and the away teams along the top.
Postseason.
The postseason was officially called "Arany Ászok Rájátszás", after brewing company SABMiller bought the naming rights and changed its name to promote the Arany Ászok beer. The playoffs started on 10 April 2010 and ran until 15 May 2010.
Classification round 9–12.
Bottom four teams after the regular season entered a classification round, in which they tried to avoid relegation. The sides faced each other in a double round robin system and were given additional points according to their final position in the regular season. Ninth placed Veszprém Barabás KC got four points, tenth placed Hódmezővásárhely were awarded three, Kiskunhalas took two points and even last placed Hunnia KSK were given one point.
Results.
1Home teams are listed on the left and the away teams along the top.
Table.
1 Additional points that were awarded after the final positions in the regular season are indicated in brackets.
2 Hunnia KSK were deducted one point.
Classification round 5–8.
Teams ranked between fifth and eight place, after the first part of the season, were drawn into another group. Similar to the classification round for 9–12 places, clubs were rewarded with bonus points depending on their position in the regular season.
Results.
1Home teams are listed on the left and the away teams along the top.
Table.
1 Additional points that were awarded after the final positions in the regular season are indicated in brackets.
Championship playoff.
The top four teams of the regular season continued the battle for the title in a best-of-three playoff system, in which if a match ends with a draw, the winner is decided by penalty shootout. Top ranked Győr met with Békéscsaba, while Vác enjoyed home court advantage over DVSC, after topping the Debrecen-based club by one point in the regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="30941632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941632" title="2008 AFC Beach Soccer Championship">
2008 AFC Beach Soccer Championship

The 2008 AFC Beach Soccer Championship also known as the 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualifiers for (AFC) was the third beach soccer championship for Asia, held in May 2008, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The United Arab Emirates won the championship, with Japan finishing second and Iran winning the third place-play off, to claim third. The three teams moved on to play in the 2008 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup in Marseille, France from July 17- July 28.

</doc>
<doc id="30941640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941640" title="Românii au talent">
Românii au talent

Românii au talent () is a TV show which first aired on 18 February 2011. The project is a franchise of Got Talent, developed by Simco Limited. The hosts of the show are Smiley and Pavel Bartoș. The judges are the Romanian singer Andra, a Pro TV star and presenter Andi Moisescu and a well known Romanian dancer, Mihai Petre. The grand prize is €120,000.
Format.
Auditions.
The auditions take place in front of the judges and a live audience at different cities across the Romania. Unlike on "X Factor", at any time during the audition, the judges may show disapproval to the act by pressing a buzzer which lights a large red "X" on the stage, indicating that they particularly dislike the act and do not wish the performance to continue. If all the judges press their buzzers, the act must end immediately.
Callbacks.
After the auditions, the judges have to whittle almost 200 successful acts down to just 48 (series 1), 60 (series 2 ). All of the performers are called back to discover if they have progressed to the live semi-finals.
Season synopses.
Season 1 (2011).
The first commercials for the show were first aired in the Summer of 2010. The application process started on 2 July 2010. The judges firstly visited Constanța, Piatra Neamț, Timișoara, Bucharest and Cluj-Napoca. The show first aired on 18 February 2011.
The first episode was a big success for the ratings. Pro TV not only managed to have the biggest audience during the show, but managed to make "Romania's Got Talent" the most viewed television show since 2004 in Romania, beating its own records for the show "Dansez pentru tine" (Dancing with the Stars), another popular show in Romania broadcast by Pro TV.
Out of hundreds of contestants, only 200 won the local selection, having 1 or no X-es. The jury decided only 48 finalists. According to Pro TV's website, each contestant that qualified for the semifinals, were voted by the general public through text messages.
The semi-finals were broadcast in four editions: In 1 April, 2 April respectively 8 April – 9 April 2011. In each edition, twelve contestants had to pass the juries and get as many votes from the general public in order to proceed further to the finals, the last step to the grand prize.
Twelve acts were qualified for the grand final. The votes were given only by phone or sms, the voting started after the last semifinal, stopped during the final performances, and started again after the last performance.
The award, the winner of the first season, was rapper Adrian Țuțu.
Season 2 (2012).
For the second season, ProTV kept the same team, Smiley and Pavel Bartoș presenters, Andra, Mihai Petre and Andi Moisescu jurors. The season started with a bigger audience than the first. The first episode from auditions had a 21.8 rating, compared to 18 points for the similar episode of the first season.
The auditions were extended to six cities. Constanța, Timișoara, Bucharest and Cluj-Napoca were kept, and Iași and Craiova were added. The auditions took place between August and September 2011.
The first episode was broadcast on 17 February and it was again a big hit for ProTV. They decided to air seven auditions episodes, instead of six for the first season. Also, the number of contestants qualified for the semifinals was extended from 48 to 60. There were five semifinals, three acts from each semifinal qualified for the final, two voted via phone or sms and the third voted by the jurors.
Comparing to the first season, the second had three more acts in the final, the total number being 15. The voting system was kept, the lines were opened after the last semifinal, closed during the final performances, and opened again after the last performance in the final.
The winner of the second season, was magician Cristian Gog.
Season 3 (2013).
Auditions for the third season of Romania's Got Talent were in summer 2012. The first episode brought the highest audience for a debut of a season registerred so far, over five million viewers per minute.
The winner of the third season, was dog trainer Bruno Icobeț.
Overall ratings summary.
The first episode was a big success for the ratings. Pro TV not only managed to have the biggest audience during the show, but managed to make "Romania's Got Talent" the most viewed television show since 2004 in Romania, beating its own records for the show "Dansez pentru tine" (Dancing with the Stars), another popular show in Romania broadcast by Pro TV.

</doc>
<doc id="30941648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941648" title="Canelita Medina">
Canelita Medina

Canelita Medina is a Venezuelan salsa singer noted for singing in the Cuban Son style. She had always dreamt of becoming a singer as a young girl, imitating the salsa singer Celia Cruz and when she entered a radio talent program on Radio Continente, she caught the attention of talent agents with her unique voice. Over the years Canelita has achieved great success nationally and internationally and is successful to this day. Through more than 50 years of her life as an artist Canelita Medina has received many awards.
Her daughter Trina Medina has also had a notable career in music as a soloist and music writer for the 2007 Venezuelan film, Una abuela virgen. (see her biography in Spanish.) In "The Book of Salsa", Rondón states, ""it is impossible to overlook the contributions of Canelita and her daughter, Trina Medina, each with her own distinct, yet connected style.""
Biography.
Canelita Medina, whose real name is Rogelio Medina, was born in the port of La Guaira on March 6, 1939, and is seen as one of the greatest symbols of the "Son Montuno". She is a source of national pride for Venezuela and their 'living legend' recently celebrated fifty years of life as an artist with a CD collection. She is considered one of the most versatile voices in Venezuela to sing music like Son, the Guajira, the rhythmic Montuno and Bolero. Since childhood she demonstrated an aptitude for singing. Her musical career began on a professional level in 1957 with the act "Sonora Caracas", with whom she remained for seven years and made her first recording "Canelita". She also joined "Los megatones de Lucho" and "Los Caribes" by Victor Piñero, after her performance alongside the "Estrellas Latinas" of La Guaira. Canelita took a break from the performances for a period of eight years, until joining Federico Betancourt in "Federico y su Combo Latino" and recording her first hit, "Besos brujos". However, her talent became well known after she decided to go solo, recording the legendary album "Sones y Guajira", a classic of Venezuelan discography. The album included "Rosa roja", "Yo no escondo a mi abuelita" and "Eso no es ná" among others. She then recorded albums highlighting her great success, "Quiéreme", "Noche triunfal", "Canto a La Guaira" among others, until she became involved in the musical experience of Sonero Clásico del Caribe with whom she recorded two albums, from which two songs "Tanto y tanto" and "Ta ta Candela" became international hits.
After several years, Canelita formed her own group, with whom she performed many times. The popular Venezuelan singer alternated concerts among the internationally recognised performers with various groups such as Orquesta América, La Aragón, Sonora Matancera, El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico, Los Hermanos Lebrón, Estrellas de Fania, Richy Ray y Bobby Cruz, Sonora Ponceña, Johnny Pacheco, Celia Cruz, Oscar D'León y José Mangual Jr.
She performed solo performances in many Venezuelan cities as well as in various different countries including Peru, Colombia, Costa Rica, Curacao, Aruba, United States, Mexico and Cuba.
She attended many festivals as a special guest, in particular the International Salsa Festival held in the Teatro Teresa Carreño, and the Benny Moré Festival, the Son Festival, held in the Santiago, Cuba and Curacao respectively. In recent years she has worked with Andy Durán in countless presentations at national and international levels and in various concerts at the UCV Aula Magna, paying homage to the greats of Latin music "La noche de Los Titos" (Tito Rodriguez and Tito Puente), Fania All-Stars and Celia Cruz, from which she released the live album "Canelita and Andy Duran's tribute concert for Celia Cruz".
She was also a special guest at the Oscar D'Leon concert held in the Aula Magna UCV, celebrating 50 years with the Orquesta Sinfónica Municipal de Caracas, as well as at a tribute to Alfredo Sadel held in the Square Las Mercedes performed by the Orquesta Sinfónica Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho.
Latest album.
In 2008 she received the Orden Carlos Soublette recognition award from the Vargas state government. She then produced a CD collection including Besos brujos, El que se va no hace falta, Tanto y tanto, Quiéreme, Besos salvajes, Yo no escondo a mi abuelita, El cangrejo no tiene ná, La ruñidera, Soy Canela, El son de mi nación, Rosas rojas, La alborada, Una noche de Francia, Coco Seco.
Discography.
Canelita made a total of 26 albums, the most popular of which are listed below. 

</doc>
<doc id="30941654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941654" title="HMS Mosambique (1804)">
HMS Mosambique (1804)

HMS "Mosambique" was the French privateer schooner "Mosambique", built in 1798, which the British captured in 1804. She served in the West Indies, engaging in several indecisive single-ship actions before she captured one French privateer. She was sold there in 1810.
Capture.
On the morning of 13 March 1804, "Fort Diamond", the tender to "Diamond Rock", was under the command of s first lieutenant, Thomas Forest. "Fort Diamond" weathered the Pearl Rock to bear down on a French privateer schooner, "Mosambique", which had anchored close to the shore under a battery at Ceron, outside the port of Saint-Pierre, Martinique. In cooperation with "Emerald" and "Pandour", which sent two boats each to create a diversion, "Fort Diamond" ran alongside the schooner, running into her at a rate of about nine knots an hour. At her approach, the schooner's crew fired a broadside and discharged some small arms before all 50 or 60 crewmen jumped overboard and swam ashore. The impact of "Fort Diamond"s strike broke the chain that anchored the "Mosambique" to shore, and the boarding party cut two cables to free her. "Fort Diamond"s casualties amounted to two men wounded. "Mosambique" turned out to be armed with ten 18-pounder carronades, though she was pierced for 14 guns. She was from Guadeloupe and under the command of Citizen Vallentes. In April 1827 head-money was distributed for the capture.
The Royal Navy took her into service as HMS "Mosambique".
British service.
The Admiralty registered "Mosambique" on 13 March 1804.
In January 1805, "Mosambique" recaptured the English sloop "Experiment", which was carrying a cargo of wood. "Mosambique" was commissioned in 1806 under the command of Lieutenant John Campbell. That year she was returning from having escorted several vessels to Tortola to join a convoy when she encountered the French privateer "Grande Decidé", of 30 guns and 250 men. The privateer tried twice to capture "Mosambique", but was driven off both times. "Grande Decidé" eventually left after "Mosambique" attacked with a view to boarding, a plan that "Grande Decidé"s anti-boarding nets frustrated.
In 1807 "Mosambique" was under the command of Lieutenant John Jackson. Around April she recaptured the "Harriet", which she sent into Grenada.
In 1807 "Mosambique" fought an indecisive action with the French privateer "General Ernouf" off Guadeloupe. "General Ernouf" had a crew of 110 men against "Mosambique"s 45, and 14 cannon to "Mosambique"s ten. Still, in the engagement "General Ernouf" lost some 40 men killed and wounded and was forced to break off the action, taking refuge in port, while "Mosambique" lost only two men.
On 29 March 1808, , in company with , "Pelican", , and "Mosambique", sailed from Marie-Galante to attack the island of La Désirade. They arrived on 30 March and landed seamen and marines under the command of Captain Sherriff. As the squadron approached they exchanged fire with a battery of 9-pounders covering the entrance to the harbour. The ships' guns silenced the battery and the French surrendered.
On 21 April "Mosambique" captured the French letter of marque brig "Jean Jacques". "Jean Jacques" was pierced for 18 guns but carried only six long 9-pounders. She was 36 days out of Bordeaux and sailing for Guadeloupe. Captain W.H. Sherriff, of "Lily", the commander of the squadron to which "Mosambique" belonged, reported that he was particularly pleased at the capture as the "Jean Jacques" had been sent out for "the express Purpose of cruising in these Seas, and, from her superior Sailing, would have proved a great Annoyance to the Trade." While "Mosambique" was capturing the "Jean Jacques", the squadron saw a brig on fire. The squadron's boats went to the brig's assistance, extinguished the flames, and discovered that she was the "Brothers" of Liverpool, a prize to "Jean Jacques". In the entire affair, the British had no casualties and the French suffered only one man wounded.
In 1809 Lieutenant James Atkins took command of "Mosambique". Under Atkins she was at the capture of Martinique. In 1847 the Admiralty authorized the issuance of the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Martinique" to all surviving claimants from the action. Later, Lieutenant Burton took command.
Fate.
"Mosambique" was sold in 1810.

</doc>
<doc id="30941657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941657" title="Legesse Wolde-Yohannes">
Legesse Wolde-Yohannes

Legesse Wolde-Yohannes is an Ethiopian horticultural scientist. He cooperated with Aklilu Lemma on the discovery and research on how to use the plant endod as a means of preventing the parasitic disease bilharzia. He was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 1989, jointly with Lemma.

</doc>
<doc id="30941678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941678" title="Gaffney, Cline &amp; Associates">
Gaffney, Cline &amp; Associates

Gaffney, Cline & Associates is a petroleum consulting company headquartered in Alton, the United Kingdom, with offices in London, Houston, Moscow, Buenos Aires, Singapore, Almaty, and Sydney.
Gaffney, Cline & Associates was founded in 1962. Since 2008, it is a subsidiary of Baker Hughes.
One of the notable functions of Gaffney Cline, along with similar petroleum industry consultants such as DeGolyer and MacNaughton, Netherland, Sewell, RPS-APA and Ryder Scott, is to provide third party verification and/or valuation of oil and natural gas reserves - typically 1P proven reserves, but also 2P probable reserves and 3P possible reserves - for company annual reports and SEC filing 20-F.

</doc>
<doc id="30941701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941701" title="Steve Joe">
Steve Joe

Steve Joe is a Chinese American television producer and writer. 
He began his career as a staff writer on the sitcom "Veronica's Closet" in 1997, later becoming a story editor on "Mad About You" going on to write the episode "Win a Free Car" in 1999. His producing and writing credits include "The Tracy Morgan Show", "Rodney", "That '70s Show", "Notes from the Underbelly", "True Jackson, VP", "Hot in Cleveland", "Oh, Grow Up", "Tucker" and "That '80s Show". Much of his work prior to the second season of "True Jackson, VP" was with fellow writer and producer Greg Schaffer; they parted ways in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30941702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941702" title="Movin' Up (album)">
Movin' Up (album)

Movin' Up was the debut album for the power pop trio The Elvis Brothers. The album was released in 1983 on Portrait Records. The album was produced by Adrian Belew.
The album was reissued in 1995 by Recession Records as part of a twofer CD with their second album Adventure Time.
Tracks.
1) (I Know You)Shake It
2) It's So Hard
3) Hidden In A Heartbeat
4) Hey Tina
5) Red Dress
6) Fire In The City
7) Here We Go Again
8) Movin' Up
9) Santa Fe
10) Full Speed Straight Ahead
11) You Got Me
12) Long Gone

</doc>
<doc id="30941715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941715" title="Felin Fawr Works">
Felin Fawr Works

Felin Fawr Works is a former slate works to Penrhyn Quarry Railway in Bethesda, Wales. It dates back to 1803; This is when the first mill was supposedley built. Felin Fawr closed in September 1965 with its current owners being Felin Fawr Cyf. Most of the buildings, if not all of them, are listed.
History.
Felin Fawr's earliest building dates back to 1803 with the Penrhyn Tramway, incoparating from the Llandegai Tramway which started in 1798, opening in 1801. The first building was the Western Slab Mill. Later buildings were added that included the Second Slab Mill opening in c.1830, a foundry, engineering facilities, a quarry railway and several slate mills. There are several other buildings on the site.
Present Day.
In the present day Felin Fawr is currently owned by Felin Fawr Cyf with most of the buildings being rented out to a diverse range of local companies.
Layout.
The site has a number of buildings as shown above. There was also a lot of train track laid out around the site. Felin Fawr Cyf has restored a fraction of this track.

</doc>
<doc id="30941721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941721" title="The All You Need Is Now Tour">
The All You Need Is Now Tour

The All You Need Is Now Tour was a worldwide concert tour by English new wave band Duran Duran in support of the group's 13th studio album, "All You Need Is Now", which was released exclusively on iTunes on 21 December 2010 and the expanded physical album and various format special packages was released in 22 March 2011. It officially started on February 3, 2011 in Grand Prairie, Texas.
The Manchester concert on December 16, 2011 was filmed and recorded for the video and audio release "A Diamond In The Mind: Live 2011".
Broadcasts.
The live performance at the Mayan Theater in Los Angeles was filmed by David Lynch for American Express' Unstaged concert series and streamed live on YouTube on 23 March 2011. It made use of three simultaneous cameras from different positions within the theater.

</doc>
<doc id="30941747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941747" title="Phenacoleachiidae">
Phenacoleachiidae

Phenacoleachiidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as the phenacoleachiids. They are found only on the south island of New Zealand and certain offshore islands. There are two species in a single genus.
Hosts.
"Phenacoleachia zealandica" is found on southern beech trees and "Phenacoleachia australis" is found on "Pleurophyllum" species, daisy-like plants in the Asteraceae family.
Description.
The adult females phenacoleachiids are brownish-red and dusted with a white mealy powder and covered with a cottony wax. There are some coarse yellow curly threads and some short lateral filaments on the rear half of the abdomen. They have short legs and resemble mealybugs in appearance but are believed to be more closely related to the primitive ortheziids and margarodoids than to the higher scale families such as the pseudococcids. The adult males are reddish-yellow, large than the females and covered with white mealy wax. They have two lateral filaments. The first instars are yellowish-red covered with the same white mealy wax.
Life cycle.
Little is known of the life history of this family of scale insects.

</doc>
<doc id="30941752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941752" title="Barra Mansa Futebol Clube">
Barra Mansa Futebol Clube

Barra Mansa Futebol Clube, commonly known as Barra Mansa, is a Brazilian football club based in Barra Mansa, Rio de Janeiro state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on November 15, 1908. Barra Mansa won the Campeonato Fluminense in 1953, and the special edition of that competition in the same year. They won the Campeonato Carioca Second level in 1995. Barra Mansa competed in the Série C in 1996, when they were eliminated in the First Stage.
Stadium.
Barra Mansa Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Leão do Sul. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 12,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30941755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941755" title="Lusis">
Lusis

Lusis is the debut album of Christian industrial dance band Mortal. Though not the first Christian industrial music album, it helped to popularize the genre. CCM single "Mytho X" became a hit on the Christian metal charts, and Mortal was named the best new band 1992 in a "CCM Magazine" readers' poll. The album was produced by Terry Scott Taylor of Daniel Amos.

</doc>
<doc id="30941765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941765" title="Fibuloides trapezoidea">
Fibuloides trapezoidea

Fibuloides trapezoidea is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from Guizhou in China.
It is similar to "Fibuloides cyanopsis" in the shape of uncus and socius, but can be distinguished by the trapezioidal cucullus and the absence of the enlarged, flattened bristles on the neck of valva. In "Fibuloides cyanopsis" the cucullus is ovate and the neck of valva has two or more short enlarged, flattened bristles on its ventral side.
Description..
The forewing length is 6.5 mm. The head is vertex with gray scales and the antenna are light brown. The thorax and tegula are gray intermixed with light brown. The forewing is elongate triangular, with a dark gray ground color. The hindwing and cilia are gray. The legs are gray, tarsi with brown rings.
Etymology.
The specific name is derived from Latin "trapezoideus" (meaning trapeziform), referring to the shape of the cucullus. 

</doc>
<doc id="30941772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941772" title="CardHub.com">
CardHub.com

CardHub.com is a credit card comparison website owned and operated by Evolution Finance, Inc., a personal finance company founded in 2008 and based in Arlington, Virginia in the United States.
The site serves primarily as an online credit card marketplace, and also operates a social gift card exchange and frequently releases studies on the credit card industry.
History.
The site was started on July 15, 2008 by Odysseas Papadimitriou, a former executive with Capital One.
It added charge card comparison tools on October 14, 2008,
The company launched a blog, Wallet Blog, in December 2008.
It also operates the MyFico.com Credit Card Center.
In September 2012, Card Hub announced a new generation of credit card calculators that enable consumers to quickly determine which credit card will save them the most money on interest and escape debt faster.
Services.
The company operates a database of credit cards and prepaid cards. The site's gift card exchange allows users to buy and sell gift cards directly amongst each other or through the website itself, and also provides various product comparison tools and a personal finance education center.
Studies.
The company frequently conducts and releases studies on various aspects of the credit card industry.
Awards.
Evolution Finance was named one of the “Five Hottest startups in the Mid-Atlantic Region” in 2008 and was invited to the Capital Call hosted by Cooley Godward Kronish LLP, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Ernst & Young, Silicon Valley Bank and Comerica Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="30941774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941774" title="Sithivinayagar Hindu College">
Sithivinayagar Hindu College

Sithivinayagar Hindu College is a national school in Mannar, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="30941775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941775" title="William Monk Gould">
William Monk Gould

William Monk Gould, (1856–7 April 1923) was a British composer of light music: his popular song "The Curfew" (1898) was particularly well-known.
Monk was born in Tavistock, becoming organist at Rye parish church when only 12 years old. He later served as organist and choirmaster at St Michaels' Church, Portsmouth. He published 56 compositions between 1883 and 1920. He married Agnes Hilton (died 1937), and they had a son, Rupert Gould who achieved fame as a horologist and scientific broadcaster. Another son was Henry Hilton Monk Gould.
He died 7 April 1923 in Portsmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="30941782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941782" title="Total Carp">
Total Carp

Total Carp is a magazine published in the UK by David Hall Publishing Ltd (Editor Marc Coulson), containing mostly articles of interest to carp fishermen.
The Complete History Of Total Carp Magazine
To understand the complete history of Total Carp, the world's biggest-selling carp fishing magazine, you have to travel back in time to 1996 when Jim Foster first joined DHP as deputy editor of Catchmore Carp.
DHP bought Catchmore Carp from its previous owner and publisher Tim Hodges, who stayed on board as editor for a short period. The aim was to develop it into a top-selling title that would rival the likes of Advanced Carp Fishing and Carpworld, the most successful carp titles in that sector of publishing at the time.
There was a problem, though. Catchmore Carp was a failing title when DHP purchased it. Sales prior to DHP acquiring Catchmore in 1996 were not great and the magazine had a poor reputation among its target readership.
So in 1999 the magazine relaunched as Total Carp and all set goals were achieved in the first three years of the magazine's existence. Jim still remembers the day that Simon McKeown, DHP's circulation manager at the time, came into the office and congratulated him. Jim asked what the congratulations were for, and Simon said that Total Carp had sold more than 20,000 copies in a month for the first time. It was the first carp magazine ever to do this.
In 2003, Jim's time as editor of TC was over and Marc Coulson took the reins. Under his focused leadership the magazine has continued to grow and get better still. Now it is bigger than ever (196 pages long in peak months) and has a current accredited ABC circulation of 22,524 copies sold every month. This figure, thanks to the efforts of Marc and his team, is nearly 5,000 copies per month (27 per cent) higher than it was in 2003.
The philosophy behind the production of TC remains the same now. DHP was once paid a very high compliment by a magazine guru from publishing giant Emap, who said that Total Carp was 'laser targeted' at its readership. It is, and it will continue to be.
Without the efforts of all the people who've worked on the magazine over the years, TC wouldn't be what it is now - the best carp magazine in the world!

</doc>
<doc id="30941783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941783" title="Fibuloides aestuosa">
Fibuloides aestuosa

The Greenish Chestnut Moth ("Fibuloides aestuosa") is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Anhui, Henan, Hubei, Guangxi, Liaoning, Sichuan, Yunnan, Zhejiang), Korea, Japan, northern India and Bengal.
The wingspan is 17–21 mm. In Hokkaido there is one generation per year, in the south of Japan there are more generations.
The larvae feed on "Castanea mollissima" and "Castanea cranata". They are considered a pest on "Castanea crenata". The larvae bore into the nuts.

</doc>
<doc id="30941787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941787" title="2011 ALPG Tour">
2011 ALPG Tour

The 2011 ALPG Tour was the 40th season of the ALPG Tour, the professional golf tour for women operated by the Ladies Professional Golf Association of Australia.
Tournament results.
The table below shows the 2011 schedule. The numbers in brackets after the winners' names show the number of career wins they had on the ALPG Tour up to and including that event. This is only shown for members of the tour.
For the official tour schedule on the ALPG Tour's website, including links to full results, click here.

</doc>
<doc id="30941791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941791" title="2011 in the Palestinian territories">
2011 in the Palestinian territories

Events in the year 2011 in the Palestinian territories.
Incumbents.
Palestinian National Authority (non-state administrative authority)

</doc>
<doc id="30941807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941807" title="2011 LPGA of Korea Tour">
2011 LPGA of Korea Tour

This is a summary of the 2011 KLPGA Tour.
Events in bold are majors.
LPGA Hana Bank Championship is co-sanctioned with LPGA Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="30941825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941825" title="2011 Ladies European Tour">
2011 Ladies European Tour

The 2011 Ladies European Tour was a series of golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world which took place from February through December 2011. The tournaments were sanctioned by the Ladies European Tour (LET).
The tour featured 25 official money events, as well as the European Nations Cup and the Solheim Cup. Ai Miyazato won the Order of Merit with earnings of €363,080, despite only playing in two events. Caroline Hedwall won Rookie of the Year and Player of the Year honours, after finishing third in the Order of Merit and winning four events.
Schedule.
The table below shows the 2011 schedule. The numbers in brackets after the winners' names show the number of career wins they had on the Ladies European Tour up to and including that event. This is only shown for members of the tour.
Major championships in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="30941831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941831" title="Fibuloides corinthia">
Fibuloides corinthia

Fibuloides corinthia is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Yunnan), Taiwan, Sri Lanka and India.
The larvae feed on "Litchi chinensis".

</doc>
<doc id="30941835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941835" title="Wenzel Anton, Prince of Kaunitz-Rietberg">
Wenzel Anton, Prince of Kaunitz-Rietberg

Wenzel Anton, Prince of Kaunitz-Rietberg (, ) (2 February 1711 – 27 June 1794) was a diplomat and statesman of the Holy Roman Empire. In 1764 he was made a prince of the Holy Roman Empire as "Reichfürst von Kaunitz-Rietberg" and in 1776 prince of the Kingdom of Bohemia.
Early life.
Kaunitz was born in Vienna, one of 19 children of Maxmilian Ulrich, third count of Kaunitz, and Marie Ernestine née von Ostfriesland-Rietberg, an heiress. The Kaunitz family was an old Bohemian noble family descending from the Duchy of Troppau, settled in Slavkov ("Austerlitz") Castle, Moravia. As the second son, it was at first intended that he should become a clergyman, and at thirteen he held a canonry at Münster. With the death of his elder brother, he decided on a secular career, and studied law and diplomacy in Vienna, Leipzig and Leyden. He became a chamberlain of the emperor Charles VI, and continued his education by traveling for some years in Germany, Italy, France, and England.
In 1735, he was appointed aulic councillor of the empire (). At the German Diet of Ratisbon in 1739 he was one of the imperial commissaries. In March 1741, he was sent on a diplomatic mission to Florence, Rome, and Turin, and in August 1742 was appointed Austrian ambassador at Turin. In October 1744, he became minister in the Austrian Netherlands. Its ruler, Prince Charles of Lorraine, was commanding the Austrian army in Bohemia against the King of Prussia, and after the December 1744 death of the governor, Archduchess Maria-Anna, who was Charles of Lorraine's wife and sister of Maria Theresa, Kaunitz was virtually the head of government.
In 1746 he was forced to leave Brussels after it was besieged by French forces and move with the government of the Austrian Netherlands, first to Antwerp, then to Aachen. His request to be recalled from his difficult situation was heeded in June 1746. In 1748, he represented Holy Roman Empire at the Congress of Aachen at the close of the War of the Austrian Succession. Extremely displeased with the provisions that deprived Austria of the provinces of Silesia and Glatz and guaranteed them to Frederick II of Prussia, he reluctantly signed the resulting Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle on 23 October 1748.
In 1749 Maria Theresa appealed to all her counsellors for advice as to the policy Austria ought to pursue in view of the changed conditions produced by the rise of Prussia. The great majority of them, including her husband Francis I, were of opinion that the old alliance with the sea powers, England and Holland, should be maintained. Kaunitz had long been a strong opponent of the Anglo-Austrian Alliance, which had existed since 1731, and gave it as his opinion that Frederick was now the “most wicked and dangerous enemy of Austria,” that it was hopeless to expect the support of Protestant nations against him, and that the only way of recovering Silesia was by an alliance with Russia and France. The empress eagerly accepted views which were already her own, and entrusted the adviser with the execution of his own plans. Thus Kaunitz was ambassador at Versailles 1750–53, where he cooperated in laying the groundwork for the future Bourbon-Habsburg alliance.
Foreign Minister.
Kaunitz's most important and extremely influential office was that of the chancellor of state and minister of foreign affairs, which he held 1753–93 and where he had Empress Maria Theresa's full trust. Thanks in large part to him, Habsburg Austria entered the Treaty of Versailles (1756) with her old enemy France (in 1757 expanded to include Russia and Sweden) against the Kingdom of Prussia to win back Silesia. This alliance was considered a great feat of diplomacy, and established Kaunitz as the recognized master of the art.
Thus began the Seven Years' War, which ultimately failed to bring the lost provinces back to Austria. Kaunitz founded the Austrian Council of State (), 1761, overseeing the reorganization of the army under Daun and worked towards the goal of subjecting the church to the state. He followed the thoughts of the Age of Enlightenment and among his aims was also the better education of the commoners. Following the end of the Seven Years' War, Kaunitz gained the title of Reichsfürst (prince of the Holy Roman Empire). The lack of a navy during the war had demonstrated Austria's vulnerability at sea, and he was instrumental in the creation of a small Austrian navy to boost the state's presence in the Mediterranean Sea, laying the foundations for the future Austro-Hungarian Navy.
Although Joseph II generally shared such ideas, his reforms moved too fast and too thoroughly for Kaunitz whose influence grew less during Joseph's reign (1765–90), and even less when Joseph's brother Leopold II reigned; he resigned his office upon the accession of Francis II. Kaunitz died in Vienna and was buried in his family vault beneath the Church of St. John the Baptist in Slavkov u Brna cemetery.
Kaunitz was a liberal patron of education and art. He married Maria Ernestine von Starhemberg on 6 May 1736. She died on the 6 September 1754. Four sons were born of the marriage. His granddaughter Eleonora (daughter of Kaunitz's son Ernest) married his successor in the office of the State Chancellor, Prince Klemens von Metternich.

</doc>
<doc id="30941843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941843" title="Hikky Burr">
Hikky Burr

"Hikky Burr" was the Grammy-nominated
theme song for "The Bill Cosby Show", and was also released as a well-known single in 1969. It was written and performed by Quincy Jones and Bill Cosby. It is known for its nonsense lyrics. It is on the album "Smackwater Jack". "Hikky Burr" was featured on the album "The Original Jam Sessions 1969", and on "The Best of Bill Cosby".

</doc>
<doc id="30941850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941850" title="Now Dig This (album)">
Now Dig This (album)

Now Dig This was the third album by the power pop trio The Elvis Brothers. The album was released in 1992 by Recession Records. It was produced by Rob Elvis.

</doc>
<doc id="30941864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941864" title="Woluwe-Saint-Lambert">
Woluwe-Saint-Lambert

Woluwe-Saint-Lambert () or Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe (Dutch, ) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium. It is a prosperous residential area, with a mixture of flats and detached, semi-detached and terraced houses, often compared with Uccle ("Ukkel" in Dutch), another affluent Brussels municipality, and the 14th or 17th arrondissement in Paris. 
In French it is often spelt "Woluwé-Saint-Lambert" with an acute accent on the first "e" to reflect the Frenchified pronunciation of what was originally a Dutch place name, but the official spelling is without an accent.
The neighbouring municipality of Woluwe-Saint-Pierre also lies within the Brussels-Capital Region, while the former municipality of Sint-Stevens-Woluwe (Woluwe-Saint-Etienne in French) has been merged with three other municipalities (Zaventem, Nossegem and Sterrebeek) to form the municipality of Zaventem, which is in the province of Flemish Brabant in Flanders.
Geography.
Woluwe hosts the medical faculty of the Université catholique de Louvain and its hospital, the Cliniques Universitaires Saint-Luc, and several shopping areas, notably the Avenue Georges Henri (Georges Henrilaan) and the Woluwe Shopping Centre. Some of the municipality's major roads are named after prominent 20th-century Belgian statesmen, such as the prestigious Avenue de Broqueville/de Broquevillelaan and Avenue Paul Hymans/Paul Hymanslaan. Line 1 (formerly line 1B) of the Brussels metro runs under these roads.
The Woluwe River flows through the municipality.
History.
Medieval origins.
Several archaeological finds on the territory of Woluwe-Saint-Lambert show traces of human activity during the Bronze Age. The first historical mention of the village, however, dates from the 11th century, when some of the forested land near the Woluwe River was cleared for farming. A church was built and dedicated to Saint Lambert, the 7th-century bishop of Maastricht who was martyred in Liège. At the end of the 12th century, the rights to the parish of Saint Lambert were given to the canons of the chapter of St. Michael and Gudula in Brussels. Various charitable organizations and hospitals then started acquiring land in this area. Throughout the Middle Ages, Woluwe was part of the Duchy of Brabant, governed under the usual feudal arrangement of those times. Among the Dukes' vassals were some powerful local lords and landowners. Some of Woluwe's territory also belonged to the powerful abbeys of Forest ("Vorst" in Dutch) and ‘t Park in Leuven.
16th century until now.
Up until recently, the village was mostly rural, focusing mainly on agriculture. Starting in the 16th century, affluent nobles and clergymen from Brussels built castles in Woluwe, some of which are still visible today. True urbanization, however, started only around 1900. Well-to-do neighbourhoods, which included some of the novel architectural styles of the "Belle Epoque" such as Art Nouveau then Art Deco, straddled the newly built Boulevard Brand Whitlock/Brand Whitlocklaan.
The population of the municipality increased very quickly at this time. It rose from 1,649 inhabitants in 1880 to 8,883 inhabitants 30 years later. By 1960 there were 36,960 people in the municipality, and since 1970 the population has been stable at around 47,000.
Today, Woluwe-Saint-Lambert is still mostly a residential area, attracting rich and poor inhabitants from neighbouring Brussels.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Woluwe-Saint-Lambert is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="30941880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941880" title="Alyssa Miller">
Alyssa Miller

Alyssa Elaine Miller (born July 4, 1989) is an American fashion model. She has done print and runway work for numerous leading companies. Among her highlights are cover appearances on for "Vogue" (Germany) and "Elle" (Italy), work as a featured model/spokesperson for both Guess and Victoria's Secret as well as appearances in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue. In addition to her print and runway work, she has appeared in a music video for Train.
Early life and description.
Miller is a green-eyed brunette Los Angeles native with German, Irish and Native American heritage. She grew up in Palmdale, Los Angeles County.
Miller is known for her dark brown hair, full eyebrows and bone structure. She is considered to have a very European look that is somewhat Italian. Guess founder Paul Marciano said "Alyssa is the most European-looking American girl I've ever seen!". When she had her breakthrough with Guess, she drew comparisons to Sophia Loren and Brooke Shields and was regarded as a bit of a throwback.
Career.
In 2003, her father sent test photos to a Los Angeles office of IMG Models. By 2005 she was an up-and-coming model with the Marilyn NY agency. She did a 2005 fall campaign for Stella McCartney. By February 2006, she had been featured in each of the major editions of "Vogue", including the cover of a "Vogue Italia" supplement. Following cover appearances for the October 2006 German "Vogue" and the July 2010 Italian "Elle" (she also later appeared on the October 2012 cover), she became one of the new faces of Guess clothing in late 2010. Miller has also done work for Victoria's Secret. Other ad work has included Bebe, Billabong, Chopard, Diesel, Elie Tahari, Intimissimi, Juicy Couture, La Perla and Laura Biagiotti.
She signed with Elite Model Management in 2011. She made her "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issue debut in 2011 when she was one of five rookies (along with Shannan Click, Kenza Fourati, Izabel Goulart, and fellow Guess model Kate Upton) in the issue. According to a story in "The Wall Street Journal" she had previously thought that if she ever appeared in "Sports Illustrated" it would be for soccer, since given her athletic background she had envisioned herself as a professional soccer player. She also appeared in the body painting feature in the 2011 Swimsuit Issue where Joanne Gair painted her and Stewart Shining photographed her in New York City. 2013 was her third Swimsuit Issue. In both 2011 and 2013, Miller participated in the annual Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition of David Letterman's Top 10 on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on the night that the Swimsuit Issue cover model was announced.
In 2012 she became the muse of Blumarine bellissima fragrance. She played the mermaid in the 2013 music video for "Mermaid" by Train. Miller is a former victim of bullying, and she became an advocate against bullying and cyberbullying on May 1, 2013, along with Super Bowl XLVII champion Jameel McClain, by becoming a global ambassador for STOMP Out Bullying. In 2013, Miller signed with IMG soon after her first public appearance with Gyllenhaal. She was featured in the 80th anniversary issue of "Esquire" as one of the 80 things that define our time. In December 2013, she appeared on the cover of and in the 2014 Calendar Girl Issue of the fashion magazine "Galore". Her images were augmented by the artwork of Claw Money who affixed his graphic cartoon paws to both black-and-white and color photographs of her as if they were gripping her while she was modelling.
Personal life.
Miller began dating actor Gyllenhaal in mid-June 2013 and they became a public couple in July. Their first public appearance as a couple was at Barry's Bootcamp, a gym in Tribeca, on July 12 and she met Jake's mom three days later. She credits Gyllenhaal with teaching her how to cook as they hosted dinner parties. According to reports, Miller and Gyllenhaal broke up in late 2013. A source told UsMagazine.com: "They fizzled out. It happened a while ago -- before the holidays. He's back on the scene." However, by February, the couple had reconciled. By May, they were spotted together walking her dog.
Her fitness regiment includes both ballet and running. She has taken both acting and improvisation classes. Her father's name is Craig Miller. She has several siblings. Miller owns a Boston Terrier named Charlie.

</doc>
<doc id="30941886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941886" title="2011 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles">
2011 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles

Ernests Gulbis was the defending champion but decided to participate in the 2011 Dubai Tennis Championships instead.
Juan Martín del Potro won this tournament, by defeating Janko Tipsarević 6–4, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30941888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941888" title="Palestra de São Bernardo">
Palestra de São Bernardo

Palestra de São Bernardo, commonly known as Palestra, is a Brazilian football club based in São Bernardo do Campo, São Paulo state.
History.
The club was founded on September 1, 1935 by the São Bernardo do Campo Italian community.
Stadium.
Palestra de São Bernardo play their home games at Estádio Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco, nicknamed "Baetão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 6,315 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30941890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941890" title="George S. Patton, Sr.">
George S. Patton, Sr.

George S. Patton, Sr. was a Confederate Colonel during the American Civil War. He is famous for being the grandfather of World War II hero George S. Patton. 
Early Life.
George Smith Patton was born June 26, 1833 in Fredericksburg, Virginia and raised in Richmond. He was the son of politician John Mercer Patton. George graduated from Virginia Military Institute (VMI), Class of 1852, second in a class of 24. After graduation, he studied law and practiced in Charleston, Virginia (now West Virginia). He married Susan Thornton Glassell in 1855. 
Civil War Service and Death.
When the American Civil War broke out, he served in the 22nd Virginia Infantry of the Confederate States of America, rising from Captain to Colonel of the regiment. As Lt. Colonel he was wounded in the shoulder at the Battle of Scary Creek in present-day West Virginia on July 17, 1861, and left of the field where he was captured. He was again wounded at Giles Court House, this time in the stomach. At the Battle of Opequon, also known as the Third Battle of Winchester, he was mortally wounded and died September 25, 1864. He is interred at the Stonewall Cemetery in Winchester. The Confederate Congress had promoted Colonel Patton to brigadier general; however, at the time, he had already died of battle wounds, so that promotion was never official. He was married to Susan Thornton Glassell. 
He had several brothers who also fought for the Confederacy, and one, Lt. Col. Waller T. Patton, another VMI graduate, was mortally wounded at Gettysburg on July 3, 1863.
Legacy.
Patton left behind a namesake son, born in Charleston, Virginia (now West Virginia). The second George Smith Patton (born George William Patton in 1856, changing his name to honor his late father in 1868) was one of four children. Graduating from the Virginia Military Institute in 1877, Patton's father served as Los Angeles County, California, District Attorney and the first City Attorney for the city of Pasadena, California and the first mayor of San Marino, California. He was a Wilson Democrat.

</doc>
<doc id="30941893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941893" title="Assaf Bernstein">
Assaf Bernstein

Assaf Bernstein (born 8 July 1970) is an Israeli film writer, director, and producer.
Life and Works.
Bernstein was born in Israel.
He directed the 2007 film "The Debt" (Hebrew: HaChov or HaHov), starring Gila Almagor, about three former Israeli Mossad agents who must confront a secret from their past. He also wrote and co-produced the film, and later helped write the 2010 U.S. English-language remake, also titled "The Debt", starring Helen Mirren in the Gila Almagor role.
Before that, he had directed the 2001 Israeli TV movie "Run," about a young Ethiopian boy who had immigrated to Israel whose body is found in a trailer park trash pit. While few seem to care about the death, the two "mis-matched" police officers assigned to investigate learn more and more about the outcasts of Israel, and in the process, much about themselves as well.
Bernstein began his film career with two documentary short subjects, "It Belongs to the Bank" (1999), a "social documentary" that follows a woman bailiff's journey through Arab villages and urban slums as she seizes property from Israel's poor; and "Holy for Me" (1995), a "spoof" on tours, guides, and visits to the holy sites of Jerusalem, which won the 1995 Best Short Film award at the Jerusalem Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="30941897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941897" title="Clan (African Great Lakes)">
Clan (African Great Lakes)

In the African Great Lakes region, the clan is a unit of social organisation. It is the oldest societal structure in the region, other than family and direct lineage. The structure is found in modern-day Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania and Uganda.
Etymology.
The term "clan" was first used in the nineteenth century by Europeans, due to the similarities to other clan systems found across the world. The people of the area use a variety of vernacular terms to describe the concept: "ubwoko" in Rwanda, "umuryango " in Burundi, "ruganda" in the Bunyoro and Buhaya kingdoms, "igise" in Buha, "ishanja" in Buhavu and "ebika" in Buganda.
Description.
Clan membership is a loose concept, with the correlation to lineage based more on oral tradition and personal belief than on concrete evidence. Clan members have dispersed over time, and are no longer associated with particular regions. Clans differ somewhat in their nature from country to country: in Rwanda the clan is a very structured unit, with twenty in total, themselves divided into subclans. The same holds in Nkore, which has only four clans.

</doc>
<doc id="30941908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941908" title="Caballo Mountains">
Caballo Mountains

The Caballo Mountains, (Spanish: "horse") are a mountain range located in Sierra and Doña Ana Counties, New Mexico, United States. The range is located east of the Rio Grande and Caballo Lake, and west of the Jornada del Muerto; the south of the range extends into northwest Doña Ana County. The nearest towns are Truth or Consequences and Hatch.
Most of the Caballo Mountains are located on land owned by the Bureau of Land Management. The mountains are unusual, and perhaps unique in New Mexico, for the relatively complete geologic history revealed by their rocks. Vehicular access to the range is by Interstate 25 from the west, by New Mexico State Road 51 from the north, and by several dirt roads from the east.
Geography.
The Caballo Mountains trend north and south, with a length of approximately 32 miles (50 km). The width of the range varies from 3–6 miles (5–10 km). The highest point on the range, Timber Mountain (7,565 feet), has a topographic prominence of approximately 3,400 feet.
The types, sizes, and profiles of the Caballo watersheds vary significantly according to the part of the range that they drain. No perennial streams flow through the mountains, although the course of the Rio Grande is close to the north, west, and south margins of the range. The northern part of the Caballos drains into the Rio Grande through Ash Canyon and Mescal Canyon. The confluences of those two intermittent streams are just below Elephant Butte Dam. Water falling on the precipitous west face of the range drains directly into the Rio Grande by means of numerous first order canyons with high gradients. All are ephemeral and less than 3 miles in length.
In contrast, the eastern side has only two primary drainages, each with a much lower gradient than those to the north and west. Water falling on the southern half of the east side flows into Barbee Draw. After joining another tributary near Point of Rocks to form Rincon Arroyo, this ephemeral drainage flows southward before joining the Rio Grande near Rincon, New Mexico. The length of this drainage is over 25 miles. The north portion of the east side is drained by Jornada Draw. This drainage, however, is endorheic and has no surface connection to the Rio Grande.
Geology.
The geological importance of the Caballo Mountains lies in the variety and scope of their exposed rocks. Geologists can assess exposed rock formations in several ways. Relative dating compares the formation's bedding location in comparison with other formations nearby. This allows not only the identification of the older and younger formations, but conclusions about unusual local conditions, such as folding, a fault displacement, or an unconformity. Absolute dating measures the presence and ratios of chemicals within the rocks to determine the number of years since they were deposited. The conditions existing when the rock was deposited can be determined by examining its type (igneous, metamorphic, or sedimentary), the orientation and size of crystals or sediments within it, and the orientation of the formation within its larger regional setting. By studying plant and animal fossils that may exist in the formation, it may be possible to determine not only its relative age, but the climate at the time of deposition.
Weathering and erosion remove any rock that is exposed at the surface of the Earth. Consequently, there are no sites where all rocks deposited at that location have been preserved. Certain sites, however, may have more complete geological histories because of differences in the timing and circumstances of rock removal. The Caballo Mountains are essentially unique in New Mexico because their section of exposed rocks begins in Precambrian time, and runs through every geological period of the Phanerozoic eon with the exceptions of the Triassic and Jurassic. This provides an unparalleled picture of the geological history of southern New Mexico.
Stratigraphy.
The basement rocks of the Caballos include plutons of granite, and metamorphic amphibolite and gneiss. These rocks date from the Early to Middle Proterozoic, and are found along the base of the larger fault blocks.
Throughout the early and middle Paleozoic southern New Mexico alternated between being flooded by shallow tropical seas, and being exposed to erosion. Sedimentary deposits of early and middle Paleozoic age include:
An unconformity exists above the Lake Valley Formation, and appears to include the middle Mississippian through the early Pennsylvanian periods. During the Pennsylvanian and Permian periods, a major deformation created a series of uplifts and intermontane basins. This event is often referred to as the Ancestral Rocky Mountains. Associated with this event is the Magdalena Group, which includes deposits of both marine and non-marine sources. The thickness of these strata is greater than that of all earlier Paleozoic rocks. Above the Magdalena Group is the Red House Formation of packstone and shale, the Nakaye Formation of limestone, the Bar B Formation of interbedded limestone, dolomite, shale, and conglomerate, and the red shale beds of the Abo Formation. All of those strata are Pennsylvanian in age. Above them is thePermian Yeso Formation, which consists of sandstones, siltstone-dolomites, and limestones. The Paleozoic strata are completed by the Meseta Blanca Sandstone.
Most of the Mesozoic rocks are missing from the Caballo geological history. A second unconformity lies above the Meseta Blanca Sandstone, and includes all of the Triassic and Jurassic periods. The next oldest rocks are of Cretaceous age and include:
The Mesozoic rocks terminate below another unconformity. Above that is the Love Ranch Formation of conglomerate, mudstone and sandstone, which was deposited in the Paleocene to early Eocene. During the Eocene, a wave of arc volcanism was felt across southern New Mexico. In the Caballo Mountains, this can be seen in the Palm Park Formation, a thick layer of andesitic or tuffaceous mudstones, sandstones, and breccia. Next is the Bell Top Formation, which consists of rhyolite, basalt flows, and tuffaceous sandstones. In the southern part of the Caballo Mountains, there are remnants of a region wide sheet of flood basalts and andesite, which was laid during the Oligocene. Of similar age is the Thurman Formation of white sandstone. The Santa Fe Group was deposited during the Miocene and Pliocene.This thick layer consists of the Hayner Ranch Formation (conglomerate, sandstone and shale), the Rincon Valley Formation (conglomerate, sandstone, and mudstone), the Selden basalts, and the Camp Rice/Palomas Formations (ash fall deposits, basalts, and pumice-clast conglomerates). Quaternary and Holocene deposits consist of alluvium. On the west side of the range along the Rio Grande, the alluvial fill consists of unconsolidated fluvial deposits of boulders, cobble, and gravel. In the closed basin on the east side of the range, there are relatively few fluvial deposits. Instead, the sediment includes a flat, thin veneer of sand and gravel.
Tectonics.
The Rio Grande Rift is a continental rift zone, which extends approximately 680 miles (~1,100 km) from central Colorado in the north to the state of Chihuahua, Mexico in the south. It is the product of extensional tectonic (or divergent) forces that formed a series of basins between the Colorado Plateau and the North American craton Thin continental crust, normal fault block topography, high regional elevation, and volcanism is found over the course of the rift.
The history of movement along the rift has been divided into three separate stages: an initial stage during the late Eocene to early Oligocene, a second stage during the late Oligocene to late Miocene, and a third stage beginning in the late Miocene or early Pliocene and continuing to the recent past. Activity in the vicinity of the Caballos during the first stage included explosive rhyolitic eruptions from cauldrons located to the northwest, west, and southeast. The earliest eruptions took place in the Dona Ana Mountains and Organ Mountains between 36.2 and 35.4 Ma. The Emory cauldron, located in the Black Range, was active approximately 34.9 Ma. What is now the San Mateo Mountains (Socorro County) contained at least two cauldrons, the Nogal Canyon cauldron (28.6 Ma) and the Mount Withington cauldron (27.4 Ma). Local subsiding appears to have begun around 34.9 Ma. The Caballo Mountains began to rise in the late Oligocene, and throughout the Miocene. Approximately 9.6 Ma, the eruption of basalts near Fort Selden signaled the renewal of crustal extension and volcanism in the southern part of the rift. Activity along both older and new faults increased the number, but decreased the width of basins along this portion of the rift.
Economic Geology.
The Caballo Mountains have few large intrusives, and as a result, hydrothermal mineralization is not extensive. Nevertheless, prospecting in the range began in about 1883, and several mines opened in the first decade of the 20th century. Production has been concentrated in three areas:
It has been estimated that the total value of copper, silver, gold, and lead produced from the Caballos before 1952 did not exceed $200,000. At present, more fluorspar is produced than any other mineral. The largest fluorspar deposits are found in Precambrian granite, and jasperized Fusselman Dolomite.
Ecology.
As is the case with many other mountain ranges in southern New Mexico, the Caballo Mountains impose extreme demands on ecological communities. With the exception of the intermittent streams in the northern part of the range, and the area in close proximity to the Rio Grande, there is very little permanent water. Precipitation quickly evaporates, runs off, or soaks into the ground, leaving little for plants or animals. Consequently, water management is a critical factor for both plants and animals.
Soils on the mountains are generally rocky and thin. 
Plant communities can be generally characterized as Chihuahuan desert scrublands, creosotebush desert, and desert grasslands. Dominant shrub species include creosote bush ("Larrea tridentata"), honey mesquite ("Prosopis glandulosa"), soaptree yucca ("Yucca elata"), and four winged saltbush ("Atriplex canescens"). Common grasses include black grama ("Bouteloua eriopoda"), blue grama ("Bouteloua gracilis"), sideoats grama ("Bouteloua curtipendula"), and alkali sacaton ("Sporobolus airoides"). 
The most common mammalian predators are mountain lions ("Felis concolor") and coyotes ("Canis latrans"). Other common mammals are Black-tailed jackrabbit ("Lepus californicus"), desert cottontail, ("Sylvilagus auduboni") and kangaroo rats ("Dipodomys merriami" and "Dipodomys spectabilis").
Common birds of prey include golden eagles ("Aquila chrysaetos"), Swainson's hawk ("Buteo swainsoni"), Northern harrier ("Circus cyaneus"), and burrowing owl ("Athene cunicularia"). Other birds include roadrunner ("Geococcyx californianus"), quail ("Callipepla gambelii" and "Callipepla squamata"), doves ("Zenaida macroura" and "Zenaida asiatica").
Common reptiles include Collared lizards ("Crotaphytus collaris"), Roundtail Horned Lizard ("Phrynosoma modestum"), Striped whipsnake ("Masticophis taeniatus"), and Western diamondback rattlesnake ("Crotalus atrox").

</doc>
<doc id="30941979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941979" title="Wapello County Courthouse">
Wapello County Courthouse

The Wapello County Courthouse in Ottumwa, Iowa, United States was built in 1894. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration. It is part of the Central Park area, which includes: Ottumwa Public Library, Ottumwa City Hall and St. Mary of the Visitation Catholic Church.
History.
Wapello County’s first courthouse was a single-story log cabin. It was replaced in 1846 by a two-story brick structure that was built for $1,000. The first floor was used as a school house, church, courthouse, dancehall and a place for political meetings. The second floor was used for office space. The building was destroyed in a fire in 1872 and was replaced by another brick structure that served the county until 1891. The present courthouse was built for $135,000 and was dedicated in 1894.
Architecture.
The present courthouse was constructed of rough-cut sandstone in the Romanesque Revival style made popular by Henry Hobson Richardson. The four-story building measures 101 by 94 feet and a statue of Chief Wapello rests on a pedestal high above the main entrance. Until 1950 the building featured a clock tower and spire on the corner. It was removed for safety reasons. The massive round arch entry is mimicked in the floor above by the triple window with the arched opening in the center. The cluster of columns that flank the entrance are made of granite and the columns that flank and are in between the windows above the entrance are smooth limestone. A foliated pattern appears above the granite columns. The cornice, just below the roofline, features small square-cut stone blocks called dentils. 
The interior has been renovated over the course of years, but it does feature an ornate cast-iron staircase behind the elevator shaft. The newel post is a short, squat column with a foliated capital. The ironwork on the balustrade is a combination of linear and curvilinear forms. Colorful glazed tile floors are found above the first floor of the building. Various colors and designs are used in different parts of the building. 
The wainscoting on the first floor is made of yellow and blue glazed tiles that were popular in the 1890s. In the rest of the building it is composed of decorative wood panels. It features fluted pilasters and square panels with flowers. The doorways are deeply recessed and feature a transom above a multi-paneled door. The framing is milled woodwork that creates the effect of a fluted pilaster, as well as decorative corner and side blocks. The corner blocks feature a fleur-de-lis pattern and the side blocks feature various floral patterns. A simple cornice tops each doorway. The woodwork continues in the courtroom. Behind the judge’s bench is a decorative panel that contains a classical urn with a vine and leaf pattern and the Latin phrase "Fiat Justitia", “Let there be Justice.” Another panel is on the front of the bench and contains a female figure in the middle surrounded by foliage and two banners that repeat the Latin phrase.

</doc>
<doc id="30941982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941982" title="Namazi Square">
Namazi Square

Namazi Square is one of the main squares in Shiraz, Iran. Namazi Hospital, Kharazmi Library, Motahari Clinic, Emam Reza Clinic and Shiraz university Engeeniring Building are located near this square.

</doc>
<doc id="30941990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941990" title="Theo James">
Theo James

Theodore Peter James Kinnaird Taptiklis (born 16 December 1984), better known as Theo James, is an English actor. He is known for portraying Jed Harper in "Bedlam", Walter William Clark, Jr. in the crime drama "Golden Boy" and as Tobias "Four" Eaton, a Dauntless instructor, in the film adaptation of Veronica Roth's dystopian sci-fi novel, "Divergent".
Early life and education.
James was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire, the son of Jane (née Martin) and Philip Taptiklis. His paternal grandfather was Greek (he moved from the Peloponnese to New Zealand). His other ancestry is English and Scottish. The youngest of five children, Theo has two brothers and two sisters. He attended Aylesbury Grammar School and went on to earn his undergraduate degree in philosophy from the University of Nottingham. He trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
Career.
Acting.
James made his television debut in "A Passionate Woman", starring opposite Billie Piper. He played Turkish diplomat Kemal Pamuk in an episode of the first season of "Downton Abbey". James starred in "Bedlam", playing the lead role of Jed Harper. He appeared in the 2012 adaptation of John Braine's "Room at the Top", as "Jack Wales".
His film credits include "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger" and "The Domino Effect". James was cast in "Stranger" while still in his final year at drama school. His most notable role is of James, an obnoxious night club rep in "The Inbetweeners Movie". In 2011, James was chosen to play the character as David in the fourth installment of "", released in 2012, opposite Kate Beckingsale. In 2012 he appeared in ITV's "Case Sensitive" starring Olivia Williams and Darren Boyd, and was named a "Star of Tomorrow" in 2009 by "Screen International".
James played the lead role, Tobias "Four" Eaton, in the film adaptation of Veronica Roth's best-selling book, "Divergent". Among his upcoming film projects, he will star alongside Amber Heard, Billy Bob Thornton and Jim Sturgess in the film adaptation of "London Fields" (2014), and in the indie drama "Franny" (2014) alongside Richard Gere and Dakota Fanning.
James will reprise his role as Tobias "Four" Eaton in the sequels to "Divergent", in "" in March 2015, and "Allegiant" in March 2016. Shailene Woodley will also reprise her role as Beatrice "Tris" Prior, the main character and James' love interest in the films. Filming for "The Divergent Series: Insurgent" began in May 2014.
Music.
Outside his acting career, James was the singer and guitarist of the London-based band Shere Khan. On 21 November 2012 the band announced on their Facebook page that they were no longer actively playing as a band and that members would be pursuing other musical endeavors.

</doc>
<doc id="30941999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30941999" title="Wales (Petersburg, Virginia)">
Wales (Petersburg, Virginia)

Wales is a historic house and site in Dinwiddie County, Virginia, near Petersburg, Virginia. It has a date of significance of 1730. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The area listed was and includes four contributing buildings and two contributing structures.
The main house is a five-part Palladian architecture composition. It's a historic plantation.

</doc>
<doc id="30942025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942025" title="Chief Parker">
Chief Parker

Chief Douglas Parker is a supporting character in stories published by DC Comics featuring Superboy, the younger version of Superman. He first appeared in "Adventure Comics" #225 (June 1956).
Fictional character biography.
Pre-Crisis.
Douglas Parker first encountered the future Superboy as a rookie officer on the Smallville Police Department (although Parker remained unaware of this fact). Parker apprehended the Pumpkin Gang while being secretly assisted by Clark Kent, who was still a toddler at the time. The capture earned the officer a promotion to captain. He would steadily advance in the ranks, eventually becoming Smalllville Police Chief.
Chief Parker was a staunch ally of the Boy of Steel. In fact, Superboy entrusted him with a signal device linked to a lamp in the Kent home. The lamp would flicker whenever Superboy was being summoned. Professor Lewis Lang (Lana's father) and the President of the United States were given similar devices.
As the chief law enforcement official in Superboy's hometown, Parker often encountered the Boy of Steel's allies and enemies. He helped restore Superboy's reputation after a rash of incidents engineered by the Kryptonian teenager Dev-Em. He and his wife Leah briefly welcomed teenager "Marie Elkins" into their home, unaware that she was actually Duo Damsel, a member of the futuristic Legion of Super-Heroes who was hiding from the sorcerer Mordru. Most notably, Parker was frequently forced to contend with Superboy's most persistent enemy, the teenage scientific genius Lex Luthor.
After the deaths of Jonathan and Martha Kent, an eighteen-year old Superboy left Smallville for Metropolis and eventually changed his name to Superman. Parker retired from law enforcement, occasionally visiting the vacant Kent home to ensure that it did not fall into disrepair.
Post-Crisis.
Following the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" limited series, Superman's history was revised, such that Clark Kent did not begin his public superhero career until adulthood, and thus never operated as Superboy. While most of the Boy of Steel's supporting characters (Lana Lang, Pete Ross, the Kents) were reinterpreted for the revised continuity, Chief Parker was not. He has made almost no comic book appearances since the conclusion of "Crisis on Infinite Earths" in 1986. However, it has been established that — in post-"Infinite Crisis" continuity — Parker was indeed the Smallville Police Chief during Clark's childhood.
In other media.
Following the 1959 death of actor George Reeves and the cancellation of the "Adventures of Superman" television series, DC Comics (then known as National Periodical Publications) and the producers of the TV show decided to launch a new series about the hero's teenage exploits in Smallville. A pilot episode for "The Adventures of Superboy" was produced in 1961. Chief Parker makes his only live-action appearance in the episode, portrayed by actor Robert Williams. The pilot was never picked up for broadcast, but can be viewed today on various Internet websites, and was included in the DVD box set "Smallville: The Complete Series" (which was released in November 2011).
Other live-action series depicting a teenage Clark Kent do not include Chief Parker or the Smallville Police Department. On the 1988–1992 "Superboy" television series, Clark attends college (and later works for a government agency) outside of Smallville. On the long-running "Smallville" television series, the Kansas town is identified as part of the fictitious Lowell County, and law enforcement is overseen by the County Sheriff — first Ethan Miller (Mitchell Kosterman) and later Nancy Adams (Camille Mitchell).

</doc>
<doc id="30942027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942027" title="Fathom (album)">
Fathom (album)

Fathom is the second album by Christian dance-rock band Mortal, and is generally considered the band's best album. The band produced the album along with Terry Scott Taylor of Daniel Amos. It peaked at No. 32 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Christian chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30942030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942030" title="Henry Coke">
Henry Coke

Henry Coke (1591–1661) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1624 and 1642.
Coke was the son of Sir Edward Coke Lord Chief Justice, of Thorington, Suffolk. He was admitted at Queens' College, Cambridge on 18 August 1607.
In 1624 Coke was elected Member of Parliament for Wycombe and was re-elected in 1625 and 1626. In April 1640, Coke was elected MP for Dunwich in the Short Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Dunwich for the Long Parliament in November 1640 and sat until he was disabled on 7 September 1642 for supporting the King. 
Coke died in 1661 and was buried at Thorington, Suffolk.
Coke married Margaret Lovelace, daughter of Sir Richard Lovelace.

</doc>
<doc id="30942038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942038" title="Human rights in Slovakia">
Human rights in Slovakia

Human rights in Slovakia are guaranteed by the Constitution of Slovakia from the year 1992 and by multiple international laws signed in Slovakia since 1948 until 2006. In general, international NGOs and foreign institutions do have complaints about human rights in Slovakia, but they tend to be minor in nature or scope. The United States Department of State summarizes the state of affairs in mid-2000s "the government generally respected the human rights of its citizens; however, there were problems in some areas". In general, Slovakia is a developed country with human rights implementation approximately on the average level in the European Union.
Background.
Today's Slovakia is a descendant of former Czechoslovakia and is bound by all its former international laws. The current Constitution of Slovakia is from the year 1992, before 1989 Slovakia was totalitarian. Slovakia has abolished the death penalty.
Known issues.
Romani minority.
The Romani form a sizeable minority in Slovakia. Although officially counting only 90.000, in reality the number is approximately half million. Of this, 330.000 live in "unfavourable social conditions", a euphemism for being beyond the line of poverty, many of them living in Romani settlements (). In the year 2000 there were 620 such settlements in Slovakia, by 2009 their number increased to 691. Here, people live in self-made houses constructed on land they do not own, settlements are often without electricity, waste disposal or sanitary water.
The situation of Romani in Slovakia is an issue where both local and foreign observers consistently agree on the magnitude of the problem as well as its urgency and importance. The key issues being stressed on both sides of the debate seem to differ quite radically, however, an example being various Slovak governmental proposal of taking the Romani children from their homes into boarding schools, which is considered to be one of the best solutions to the education of the local Romani people in Slovakia, an idea that has been severely criticized from abroad.
Issues concerning the Romani minority
Law enforcement issues.
Law enforcement in Slovakia is divided between numerous government agencies and features a wide selection of actual law enforcement units, ranging from "ordinary" Police to Railway Police or Financial Police. Most of these units have wide-ranging authority, having the right to suspend most basic human rights. There were never any purges within these units after the overthrow of the communist regime in 1989 and many working procedures were left intact.
Issues concerning Law enforcement

</doc>
<doc id="30942044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942044" title="Stephanie Moore">
Stephanie Moore

Stephanie Moore (born July 14, 1970) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her roles on P2 as Lorraine (voice) and in the films "Cube Zero", "Angel Eyes", and "John Q".

</doc>
<doc id="30942046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942046" title="North Wales (Warrenton, Virginia)">
North Wales (Warrenton, Virginia)

North Wales is a historic plantation and national historic district located in Fauquier County, Virginia near Warrenton, Virginia. Currently it is a historic district that includes a manor home and farm. A date of significance for the site is 1776. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
The listed area includes work by Arthur Little and other architects and/or builders. It includes Georgian architecture and Colonial Revival architecture in 38 contributing buildings, eight contributing sites and contributing structures.
It's a historic plantation.

</doc>
<doc id="30942050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942050" title="Sociedade Esportiva Matonense">
Sociedade Esportiva Matonense

Sociedade Esportiva Matonense, commonly known as Matonense, is a Brazilian football club based in Matão, São Paulo state. They competed in the Série A and in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on May 24, 1976. Matonense won the Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão in 1995, the Campeonato Paulista Série A3 in 1996, and the Campeonato Paulista Série A2 in 1997. The club competed in the Série C in 1998, when they were eliminated in the First Stage. Matonese reached the Second Stage of the White Module of the 2000 edition of the Série A, named Copa João Havelange.
Stadium.
Sociedade Esportiva Matonense play their home games at Estádio Hudson Buck Pereira. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 8,758 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30942075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942075" title="1999 United States federal budget">
1999 United States federal budget

The Budget of the United States Government Fiscal Year 1999 (FY99) was a spending request by President Bill Clinton to fund government operations for October 1998–September 1999. It was the first balanced Federal budget in 30 years. In FY99, revenues were 1.82 trillion dollars. Spending was 1.70 trillion dollars, the surplus was $124 billion, and the GDP was 9.2 trillion.

</doc>
<doc id="30942086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942086" title="George Leite">
George Leite

George Leite was an American author, poet, publisher and bookstore owner active in California's San Francisco Bay Area in the 1940s and 1950s. Born in Providence, Rhode Island in 1920, he was raised in the then Portuguese-American enclave of San Leandro, California and died in 1985 in Walnut Creek, California.
Leite was the founder of daliel's Bookstore (always with a lowercase 'd') on the 2400 block of Telegraph Avenue in Berkeley, California, where he published "Circle Magazine" and published books, pamphlets, and audio recordings under the Circle Editions imprint. Many of the important regional writers of the period such as Kenneth Rexroth were published by him, and his store was the site of concerts by composer Harry Partch and exhibitions by artist Jean Varda. He lived for a while near Henry Miller's cabin on the Big Sur coast.

</doc>
<doc id="30942107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942107" title="Paul Schmid">
Paul Schmid

Paul A. Schmid III is the current member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives for the 8th Bristol district.

</doc>
<doc id="30942115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942115" title="Eugaster spinulosa">
Eugaster spinulosa

Eugaster spinulosa is a species of bush-cricket from Morocco.
It is known as the whistle cricket, because herdsmen would dry it and pull off its legs, in order to use the cricket as a whistle.
After mating, the male of the species cannot mate again for ten days.
"Eugaster spinulosa" was first described by Carl Linnaeus in his 1763 work "Centuria Insectorum", as "Gryllus spinulosus". The holotype had been collected from the "Barbary Coast" (Morocco) in 1756, and was in Alexander Macleay's collection when he travelled to Sydney in 1826. It is the oldest dated specimen in the University of Sydney's Macleay Museum. Its label bears the text "A curious insect from Barbary, the only one known of its kind in England. Geo Edwards, 1756".

</doc>
<doc id="30942117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942117" title="The Life and Adventures of Joaquín Murieta">
The Life and Adventures of Joaquín Murieta

The Life and Adventures of Joaquín Murieta: The Celebrated California Bandit was originally published in 1854 by John Rollin Ridge, writing as "Yellow Bird". It is considered to be one of the first novels written in California and the first novel to be published by a Native American. The novel describes the life of a legendary bandit named Joaquín Murieta who, once a dignified citizen of Mexico, becomes corrupt after traveling to California during the Gold Rush. The book was originally published as a fictional biography, but was taken as truth by many historians of the time. The novel received mass attention and was translated to various European languages, including French and Spanish. Unfortunately, the novel was highly plagiarized and Ridge never received the economic gain he hoped for.
John Rollin Ridge.
John Rollin Ridge was born in the Cherokee Nation of New Echota in 1827 (now present day Georgia). He was given the Indian name Chees-quat-a-law-ny, or Yellow Bird. In 1850, after killing a man over a horse dispute, Ridge fled to California where he attempted to become involved in the Gold Rush. After little success, he turned to newspaper companies for employment, where he published "The Life and Adventures of Joaquín Murieta" in 1854. He died in Grass Valley, California in 1867.
Historical Context - Borderland Literature.
The dime novel, intended for the general public, is an early example of “borderland literature", which represents the struggles of a person of mixed blood to find his or her place while stuck between two very different worlds. These writings often include themes of transition, shifting identity, and allegiance. California, having recently been seized by the United States after the Mexican War, was an area where American and Mexican cultures were constantly intermixing. The novel demonstrated the ethnic tensions present in California after the Mexican War, which concluded in 1848. Soon after the war, many Mexicans, having heard about the Gold Rush in California, would travel north in hopes of striking it rich. During this time, discrimination against Mexicans and Spanish speaking people was ever-present. In fact, white settlers went so far as to pass the foreign miner's tax law in 1850, which required foreign miners to pay twenty dollars a month to mine gold (less than one year later the law was declared to be unconstitutional and repealed). Interestingly, "The Life and Adventures of Joaquín Murieta" was the first English-language novel describing California’s Mexican community after the Mexican War.
Chapter Summaries.
Chapter 1.
Chapter one introduces Joaquín Murieta as a Mexican born in Sonora by ‘respectable parents’ who eventually grew to disprove of the uncertain state of Mexico at the time. He was described to have an “enthusiastic admiration of the American character” and decided to risk his luck in the California Gold Rush when he was only 18 years old. His views of the Americans quickly began to change as he experienced racism and ridicule from the whites A horrific scene is described by Rollin Ridge where a group of Americans, jealous of Murieta’s mining success, beat him, tied him up, and then proceeded to rape his wife in front of him. Later, Ridge describes how Murieta, having recently received a horse from his half-brother whom he had just visited, was victimized by a mob that claimed the horse was stolen. Though Murieta expressed his disbelief and claimed to have no knowledge that the horse was stolen, the mob tied him to a tree, whipped him, then proceeded to his half-brother’s house and hung him. It is at this time that Joaquín vowed that he would have his revenge on the Americans and slowly proceeded to murder the people involved in the mob. Joaquín, with the help of Manuel Garcia, Reyes Feliz, Claudio, Joaquín Valenzuela, Pedro Gonzales, and many others, began to steal horses and murder those who got in their way. Despite the various deaths and reports of theft in the area, Joaquín and his men were able to stay under the radar with very few people knowing who he or members of his gang were.
Chapter 2.
Chapter 2 begins by John Rollin Ridge describing how Joaquín built up his band, known as the banditti. Though he hired Indians to help steal horses, the leaders of the gang were all Mexican. Joaquín was known to appear as successful gambler by day, but then became the much-feared bandit by night. In fact, Rollin Ridge went so far as to say that Joaquín was “disguised the most when he showed his real features”. 
Though rarely known to reveal himself, there are a few accounts where Joaquín appears to have broken this trend. One such case occurred at Mokelumne Hill while Joaquín was visiting a local saloon. Here he heard Americans discussing how they would kill him on the spot if they saw him. Ironically, Joaquín jumps on table and declares, “I am Joaquuin! If there is any shooting to do, I am in.” and walks out of the saloon before the villagers had time to react.
Being the infamous bandit that he was, there were many who attempted to pursue Joaquín Murieta. Captain Harry Love was an express rider and Mexican war and had a history as infamous as Joaquín. Love followed the murders and robberies of the banditti to Rancho San Luis Gonzaga and nearly locates Joaquín, who barely escapes unseen. Another man, the owner of Oris Timbers Rancho (a man they robbed twenty horses from) picks up Joaquín’s trail and follows his band to Tejon Indian territory, where he makes deal with Indian chief Sapatarra in which he promises half of the stolen horses if they are recovered by his tribe. Known to be a very cautious tribe, they capture Joaquín and men, bind them together and steal back the horses. Eventually, they are tied to a tree and left with nothing. 
At the end of the chapter, Reyes Feliz, a close companion of Joaquín and a member of the banditti, is attacked by a grizzly bear and asks to be left to die with lover, Carmelita.
Chapter 3.
In much need of supplies, Joaquín and his men meet with Mountain Jim, one of their friends, who gives them clothing, horses, and guns. Later, they both travel to where they left the wounded Reyes Feliz and they find him much alive and able to sit up. Not soon after, Joaquín is informed that Capt. Harry Love, the same man who had been pursuing Joaquín earlier, had captured a member of his team, named Gonzalez. Joaquín goes out to rescue Gonzales but when Love sees Joaquín following him, he shoots Gonzales and flees. 
After various robberies conducted by the team of bandits, General Bean, another man in pursuit of one of Joaquín’s band members named Claudio, was spotted near San Gabriel, California. Joaquín conducted a surprise attack and a member of the team named Three Fingered Jack stabbed Bean three times in the chest. Joaquín’s team then arrives in the town of Jackson, California, where he sees a friend named Joe Lake, who was from “him more honest and happy days”. He promises not to kill his friend and asks him to keep quiet about his band being near Jackson. However, his friend betrays his promise and Joaquín, much to his regret, kills him.
Chapter 4.
Chapter four begins with the death of Joaquín’s close comrade and his lover’s (Rosita’s) brother, Reyes Feliz, who is pronounced dead in the newspaper. Feliz’s love, Carmelita had wandered away in sorrow and was found frozen to death. 
Only a few days later, a Mexican who claimed to know a friend of Joaquín, warned of a band of armed Americans pursuing Joaquín and his gang. Joaquín, instead of fleeing, decides to surprise the group of Americans and a bloody battle ensues between forty-five of Joaquín’s men and fifty Americans. The battle ends with about twenty dead on both sides (including Joaquín’s dear friend Claudio) and an unspoken stalemate. While the group was resting and healing from battle, news that Mountain Jim, the man how had so graciously provided clothing and weapons to Joaquín earlier, had been hung in San Diego.
Chapter 5.
In chapter five, Rollin Ridge describes how other members of Joaquín’s gang were blood-thirsty killers, such as Three Fingered Jack, who chased a poor, wandering Chinaman with a knife just for fun. Joaquín on the other hand, was often kind and noble, as was displayed when the band was traveling to Stockton, California. Arriving at a river, Joaquín demanded that a ferryman take them across the river and give them all his money. When it was revealed the man only had a hundred dollars, Murieta said “I will not take it, you are a poor man, and you never injured me. Put us over the river, and I will pay you for your trouble.” 
After arriving in Stockton, Joaquín saw an advertisement offering a $5,000 reward for him, dead or alive. Joaquín is known to have added, “I will give $10,000. JOAQUÍN” in pencil in front of a dozen unknowing villagers. He then departed before anybody could stop him. Having walked around the town afterwards in disguises, Joaquín heard of several successful miners who were going to be bringing in a large sum of gold by means of a nearby river. He quickly informed his group and they managed to gather twenty thousand dollars worth of gold after a shootout on the boat transporting the miners. 
 After, Joaquín and his group met up at Arroyo Cantoova, a rendezvous point. Greeting Joaquín was 1,000 horses grazing in the valley, all gathered by Valenzuela, as well as one hundred of his men. It is at this rendezvous point that Joaquín made a speech of his imminent goals to arm two thousand men and travel to the southern counties where he will “kill the Americans ‘wholesale’”. It is then, he claims, that he and his comrades will be finished with their villainous behavior, divide their earnings, and live in peace.
Chapter 6.
Chapter six begins with the death of Guerra, one of Joaquín’s men. Though many claim he died in his sleep due to an over-consumption of alcohol, the truth is that his wife had murdered him with a bit of hot lead dripped into his ear. Later, Joaquín decided to go to Calaveras County, one of the richest states in California during the Gold Rush, and a highly sought after destination for miners of the time. Ridge describes one instance where Joaquín approached twenty-five miners camping outside their mine. He greeted them with such good English that the miners couldn’t tell if he was Mexican or American and invited him down to eat with them. He declined the offer and sat on his horse to rest until a man named Jim Boyce came out and identified him as Joaquín Murieta. Furious at his men for not attacking, he yells at them to fire. They chase him to a cliff where a very narrow miners path along the mountain was the only escape. The fearless Joaquín, on his horse, dashed across the trail and barely escaped. Later, Joaquín forms a plan to travel several days, amounting to over forty miles, in a circle in order to trick Boyce and his miners into following a false trail. Then, Joaquín attacked them in the night and killed many of Boyce’s men, while at the same time accumulating thirty thousand dollars from the dead men left behind.
Chapter 7.
Chapter seven starts with the capture of one of Joaquín’s men, Luis Viñuela, who was put on trial for killing a miner in the mountains. During the trial, a man by the name of Samuel Harrington barges in and claims that he is an honest merchant of San Jose, California and that Viñuela had been working for him for four years and could not be a part of a thieving band. He then hands over various letters addressed to Mr. Harrington as proof. Viñuela is then released and it is later revealed that Mr. Harrington was in fact Joaquín in disguise and that he had killed Mr. Harrington earlier and obtained his mail.
 The chapter then shifts gears to Joaquín’s companion Reis, who along with three others approached a cabin of two lovers. Struck by the girl’s beauty, Reis kidnaps the girl, named Rosalie, and leaves her mother and lover, Edward, injured but alive. When Joaquín returns to Reis’s camp, he scolds Reis for what he has done and spares his life only because Reis refrained from taking advantage of the girl. “I am surprised at you. I have never done a thing of this kind. I have higher purposes in view than to torture innocent females. I would have no woman’s person without her consent… I ought kill you, but since you have had some honor and manhood… I will let you off this time”. Joaquín and Reis return Rosalie to her mother and lover where she makes Edward promise not to hurt Joaquín. Reluctantly, he agrees.
Chapter 8.
Rollin Ridge begins this chapter by describing how Joaquín had spies in nearly every town or friends indebted to him. Capt. Charles Ellas of San Andreas, California happens to come across Joaquín without knowing it was him, but is unsuccessful in his capture. Ellas then resorts to hired spies to inform him of the whereabouts of suspicious Mexicans in the area. Several locations are revealed to him, including Chaparral Hill, a naturally fortified area, where Ellas along with four other men instantly set out. Upon his arrival, he comes across nine Mexicans who are later revealed to be Joaquín and his group. Ellas and his team manage to kill three Mexicans before they are required to flee the scene. After a brutal massacre at Yaqui Camp by Joaquín and his team, enraged citizens begin burning all possible houses and areas where robbers are believed to be hiding. Ellis, along with a man named Henry Scroble, form three companies whose goal is to break up the entire group of robbers. Next, a wild goose chase between Ellis and Joaquín’s group ensues where Ellis remains one step behind Joaquín. Tales of encounters between villagers and the group of Mexicans keep the trail hot for Ellis, but Joaquín’s tricks make it a difficult trail to follow.
Chapter 9.
In chapter nine, Rollin Ridge highlights various murders, thefts and plunders conducted by Joaquín and the banditti. The group of Mexicans got so out of hand that a meeting was eventually held at the town of Jackson, where everybody agreed that they should search for Joaquín, under command of Charles Clark, Esq., the sheriff of the county. As John Rollin Ridge describes: “Thus was the whole country was alive with armed parties… Arrests were continually being made… Pursuits, flights, skirmishes, and a topsy turvy, hurly burly mass of events occurred that set narration at defiance”. After many arrests and hangings of members of the banditti, Joaquín is finally spotted by a group of Americans at Forman’s Camp along with four other Mexicans. The Americans instantly fire upon Joaquín’s group who, outnumbered, immediately gallop off on horseback. Not soon after, the Americans, in hot pursuit of the gang, hear screams from a group of Chinamen in the distance. Upon arrival of the men’s camp, a dying Chinaman exclaims that the group of Mexicans had just robbed them of three thousand dollars. The Americans, insulted by the bold and audacious feat, continued to follow Joaquín and his men, but were required to give up when their horses refused to follow due to exhaustion.
Chapter 10.
Chapter ten begins with Joaquín deciding to leave Calaveras County and moving his plunders to Mariposa County. Here, the banditti ravage the area in much the same way they did in Calaveras. John Rollins Ridge depicts a miraculous story where Joaquín was caught in his sleep by a man named Prescott and group of fifteen men who were out to kill him. Having awoken by the sound of men in his room, him and his men instantly began shooting and managed to escape. However, during the encounter, Prescott himself had shot Joaquín in the chest with a double-barreled shotgun. Three Fingered Jack recounted, “How it come not to kill him, the devil only knows. I’m certain it would have done the job for me”. Similar stories are told of Valenzuela, who robbed a house in Bear River.
Chapter 11.
Chapter eleven begins with a bill being signed by the governor of California on May 17, 1853, stating that Harry Love would gather a team of no more than twenty men, paid one hundred and fifty dollars a month for no more than three months, would set out to “capture, drive out of the country, or exterminate the desperate bands of highwaymen who placed in continual jeopardy both life and property”. At the same time, Joaquín was preparing for his grand plan and gathered all of his men from Sonora and other areas, along with fifteen hundred horses at Arroyo Cantoova. John Rollin Ridge describes their preparations: “A shell was about to burst, which was little dreamed of by the mass of people because they merely looked upon Joaquín as a petty leader of a band of cutthroats!”. Love and his twenty men managed to locate Joaquín at Arroyo Cantoova, whose band now numbered around eighty men. Being greatly outnumbered, Love exclaimed that he was simply sent to gather a list of names for people involved in mustang horse hunting so a tax could be collected. He then departed and continued tracing Joaquín and his men. Not soon after, with only eight men, Love found Joaquín with six men at a camp near Mariposa County, however he was unaware that Joaquín was a part of this group (he had never seen Joaquín and could not identify him by sight). The banditti attempted to escape and Joaquín galloped away, in hot pursuit by Love and his gang. Eventually, Joaquín’s horse is shot in the side and dies – a near impossible shot at such a great distance as Love and his gang were following. The group eventually caught up to Joaquín and shot him three times. Three Fingered Jack’s fate was not much brighter – soon after, he was shot in the head by Love.
After the battle, as proof that the great Joaquín Murieta had fallen, Capt. Love cut off his head and preserved it in alcohol. Love received a total of six thousand dollars for the death of Joaquín Murieta and collected spoils from the battle, including six revolvers, six Mexican saddles, a brace of holster pistols, and several pairs of spurs. Not soon after the death of Joaquín, the mighty organization he had formed was broken up and existed in fragments across California and Mexico, never again reaching the power or influence it had while under command of the great Joaquín Murieta.
Interpretations/other publications on "The Life and Adventures Of Joaquín Murieta".
"Early Native American Writing: New Critical Essays".
By Helen Jaskowski
Chapter six of this book includes an article written by John Lowe entitled, “I Am Joaquin!” This article provides not only biographical history of John Rollin Ridge, but also includes a summary of "The Life and Adventures of Joaquin Murieta" and its acceptance and prevalence into pop-culture today. Interestingly, Lowe also includes an interpretation of the book as reflective of the life of Ridge himself and how he “has the American Dream snatched from under him”. He also stresses the importance of the story as a reminder of what America stands for - a land of equality and freedom.
"Nineteenth-Century United States Literary Culture and Transnationality".
By John Carlos Rowe
Rowe claims that Rollin Ridge’s story on Joaquin Murieta has many political undertones that are reflective of his Cherokee roots. He claims that Ridge writes in favor of the Cherokee and Iroquois tribes while at the same time criticizing the Tejon and other California tribes. He also states that there is clear racism in Ridge’s writing towards the Chinese. He focuses on how nationalist ideology affects various races in the area and the negative effects it this transitional period after the Mexican War had on Native Americans.
"Minority Interaction in John Rollin Ridge's "The Life and Adventures of Joaquin Murieta.
By Peter Christensen
In this article, Christensen discusses how Rollin Ridge, in his story of Joaquin Murieta, portrays Mexicans in America as courageous heroes, mocks Chinese as being feeble, weak, and pitiful (although very rich), and perceives Indians as cowards. Furthermore, he criticizes contemporary interpretations of the Mexicans as reflecting the Cherokee’s - John Rollin Ridge’s Tribe’s - hatred towards the Americans and their government and critiques the viewpoint that the tale is a story of Robin Hood stealing from the rich and giving to the poor.
"John Rollin Ridge: His Life and Works".
By JW Parins
Chapter seven gives an extensive and detailed historical, political, social, and cultural context of "The Life and Adventures of Joaquin Murieta". Parins highlights California and Mexican/American interaction during the time the book was published, the book’s various publications and reprints, as well as the portrayal of Joaquin Murieta in various other works. In the other chapters, Parins discusses the life of Rollin Ridge as well as "The Poems of John Rollin Ridge".

</doc>
<doc id="30942119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942119" title="Phoenicococcidae">
Phoenicococcidae

Phoenicococcidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as palm scales or phoenicococcids. There is a single genus containing one species, "Phoenicococcus marlatti".
Hosts.
Palms in the genus "Phoenix" are the main host for "Phoenicococcus marlatti" but occasionally it has been found infesting other palms. It is widely distributed in areas where palms grow but it is likely that it is native to north Africa.
Description.
Adult phoenicococcids are nearly circular, up to 1.5 millimetres long and a dark red colour. They are usually found embedded in a white waxy nest at the base of palm fronds. They have no legs and the antennae have a single segment.
Life cycle.
There are three instars in the female and five in the male phoenicococcid. There are many overlapping generations with scales of all ages being present at any time of year. Development takes about sixty days in warm conditions but is much slower with cooler conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="30942121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942121" title="2011 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles">
2011 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles

Simon Aspelin and Paul Hanley were the defending champions, however Aspelin decided not to participate.
As a result, Hanley partnered up with Lukáš Dlouhý. They were eliminated by Sergiy Stakhovsky and Mikhail Youzhny in the quarterfinals.
Stakhovsky and Youzhny won this tournament, by defeating Jérémy Chardy and Feliciano López 4–6, 6–3, [10–3] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30942128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942128" title="2011 Canadian Tour">
2011 Canadian Tour

The 2011 Canadian Tour season ran from March to November and consisted of 12 golf tournaments. It was the 42nd season of the Canadian Professional Golf Tour.
The season started with three events in Latin America (March to May), followed by eight events in Canada (June to August), and ending with one event in the United States (November). Mexican José de Jesus Rodríguez won the Order of Merit.
2011 schedule.
Source: [http://www.cantour.com/leagues/cantour_events.cfm?clientid=3776&seasonnum=2011]
Order of Merit leaders.
Source: [http://www.cantour.com/leagues/cantour_stats2.cfm?clientid=3776&seasonnum=2011&sortby=earnings]

</doc>
<doc id="30942135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942135" title="Bucephalus mytili">
Bucephalus mytili

Bucephalus mytili is a parasitic flatworm of the class Trematoda. It is a parasite of fish and a parasitic castrator of the mussel "Mytilus edulis", where it destroys the mussel's gonads and causes the mussel to grow much larger than normal.
The cercaria of "B. mytili" was described in 1935 occurring in "Mytilus edulis" in Wales. It is the sporocysts, which are long and tangled within the mollusk host's digestive gland, that cause parasitic castration of the host. 
See also.
"Bucephalus polymorphus"

</doc>
<doc id="30942146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942146" title="Glover Compton">
Glover Compton

John Glover Compton (6 January 1884 – 11 June 1964), usually referred to as Glover Compton, was an African-American ragtime and jazz pianist.
Biography.
Compton was born in Harrodsburg, Kentucky, and is first recorded as a pianist and entertainer in Louisville in about 1904. That year, he met pianist Tony Jackson, collaborating with him in writing a piece, "The Clock of Time", which was reportedly re-used as the basis of the 1922 song "My Daddy Rocks Me (With One Steady Roll)", recorded by Trixie Smith with a writing credit to music publisher J. Berni Barbour. Compton then worked as an itinerant piano player, working in Chicago in 1906 and also spending time in Wyoming, Washington, and New York.
He married singer Nettie Lewis in 1911, and started living with his wife and mother in Chicago, where he worked as a duo with Jackson as well as accompanist to his wife. He worked with composer Shelton Brooks, who dedicated his 1916 piece "Walkin' the Dog" to Compton. He also performed in San Francisco, where he met and worked with Jelly Roll Morton, Florence Mills, and Ada "Bricktop" Smith. Between 1917 and 1919 Compton and his wife also worked in Los Angeles and Seattle, before returning to Chicago.
Over the next few years he worked mainly in Chicago and Seattle, with small bands that, in Chicago, included singer Alberta Hunter, clarinetist Jimmie Noone and drummer Ollie Powers. In 1923, Compton recorded with Powers' Harmony Syncopators, later known as J. Glover Compton and the Syncopators, and also travelled to New York to record with Alberta Hunter. However, Compton failed to achieve the status of some of his peers, partly because he wrote little of his own material.
In 1926 he was invited by "Bricktop" to work for part of the year at her cafe, Chez Bricktop, in Paris, France. There, he appeared with the resident band, The Palm Beach Six, sometimes working with Sidney Bechet. He was shot in the leg by Bechet in 1928, apparently by accident when he tried to intervene in a fight between Bechet and another musician, and remained working in Paris after Bechet was expelled from the country. He returned to work in New York during this period, making his final trip to perform in Paris in 1939.
In the 1940s he returned with his wife to Chicago. He worked there again with Noone, and in 1949 he was interviewed by Rudi Blesh for his book "They All Played Ragtime." In the early 1950s Compton opened his own bar in Chicago, and he was recorded performing there in 1956 for the album "Meet Glover Compton". He suffered a debilitating stroke in 1957, and died in 1964, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="30942169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942169" title="Morris Asimow">
Morris Asimow

Morris Asimow (November 27, 1906 – January 10, 1982) was an American educator.
Professor of Engineering Systems at the University of California in Los Angeles
Career and Published Work.
He developed and taught the discipline of engineering design and published one of the early texts on the subject: 
Introduction to Design (Prentice-Hall, 1962)
In this book, he was the initial author to discuss morphology in engineering design. 
His methodology was connected directly to his creation of engineering philosophy. 
His morphology then, was simple, he stated “design morphology proceeds from the abstract to the concrete.” He then gave an early (1950‟s) rendition of complexity and socioeconomic systems which would make such a process very difficult, and defined the “operational discipline” of engineering as that of design.

</doc>
<doc id="30942173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942173" title="F.W.J. Hurst">
F.W.J. Hurst

Francis William Jones Hurst (February 13, 1840-July 21, 1902), a native of the British West Indies, was a major figure in the cross-Atlantic shipping business in the 19th century. During the American Civil War, he captained ships that ran the Union blockade of Confederate ports. From the War’s end to his death, he was the New York-based manager for the National Steam-Ship Company (also known as the National Line). The National Line brought goods and thousands of emigrants from ports in the British Isles to New York.
He was born in St. John’s, Antigua (then in the British West Indies) on February 13, 1840. 
After completing his education in Bermuda, he relocated to London, where in 1856 he began his mercantile career. Three years later, he joined Guion & Co. of Liverpool, and also became a member of the Fifth Lancashire Rifle Volunteers.
The American Civil War began in 1861, soon after states in the southern United States created the Confederate States of America. The War immediately threatened the thriving trade between cotton plantations in those states and markets in Europe, especially after the Union Navy established a blockade of Confederate ports. That year Hurst returned to Bermuda and became managing clerk and agent for Edward Lawrence & Co., where his work included captaining ships seeking to “run” the Union naval blockade, carrying in guns, ammunition and medicine and carrying out cotton. One such ship, the "“Banshee,”" was the first steel-built vessel to cross the Atlantic. The "Banshee" made eight successful runs between the Bahamas and Wilmington, North Carolina, before being captured on its ninth voyage in November 1863. Throughout this time, Hurst remained a member of the Lancashire Rifle Volunteers, becoming a lieutenant in 1864.
In 1866 –one year after the War ended with the Confederacy’s surrender – Hurst settled in New York, where he became United States manager for the British-based National Steam-ship Company. Using six to ten ships, the company ran weekly voyages between Liverpool and New York via Queenstown (now known as Cobh), Ireland (and to a lesser degree, between London and New York). Emigrants from Europe to the United States made up a significant part of the National Line’s business, along with freight. In testimony to a congressional committee in 1888, he described the company’s emigrant passengers as English, Irish, and Scots, with some from Germany and northern Europe.
On June 2, 1868, Hurst married Caroline Eliza Jaffray, daughter of wealthy New York dry-goods merchant Edward Sommerville Jaffray. Two years later, Caroline gave birth to their first daughter, Florence. She would be known as “Daisy,” and marry J. Borden Harriman in 1889 before undertaking a long career in social work and public and political service. In 1873, however, after the birth of second and third daughters (Caroline Elise, and Ethel), Caroline Hurst died at age 29. Caroline’s parents then assisted Hurst to raise his three daughters. Hurst and his daughters would spend their winters in a Fifth Avenue mansion, while spending their summers in an Irvington, New York estate. In April 1894, daughter Caroline Elise wed George H. Mairs of New Jersey,(who would become a banker and teacher).
He was also the longstanding treasurer of the New York Yacht Club, and was a three-time president of the St. George’s Society of New York (from 1880–81, 1889–91, and 1895–96).
In July 1902, he suffered an appendicitis, at a point when he was already weakened by intestinal problems. He died soon thereafter, on July 21, 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="30942178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942178" title="Max Karoubi">
Max Karoubi

Max Karoubi () is a French mathematician who works on K-theory and who founded the First European Mathematical Congress. In 1967, he received his PhD in mathematics (Doctorat d'Etat) under the supervision of Henri Cartan and Alexander Grothendieck.
In 1973, he was nominated full Professor at the University of Paris 7-Denis Diderot until 2007. He is now an Emeritus Professor there.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="30942180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942180" title="Cancer slope factor">
Cancer slope factor

Cancer slope factors (CSF) are used to estimate the risk of cancer associated with exposure to a carcinogenic or potentially carcinogenic substance. A slope factor is an upper bound, approximating a 95% confidence limit, on the increased cancer risk from a lifetime exposure to an agent by ingestion or inhalation.
This estimate, usually expressed in units of proportion (of a population) affected per mg of substance/kg body weight-day, is generally reserved for use in the low-dose region of the dose-response relationship, that is, for exposures corresponding to risks less than 1 in 100.
Toxicity Assessments for Carcinogenic Effects.
For carcinogens, the assumption is often made that a small number of molecular events may evoke changes in a single cell that can lead to uncontrolled cellular proliferation and eventually to a clinical diagnosis of cancer. This toxicity of carcinogens is referred to as being "non-threshold" because there is believed to be essentially no level of exposure that does not pose some probability of producing a carcinogenic response, therefore, there is no dose that can be considered to be risk-free. However, some (non-genotoxic) carcinogens may exhibit a threshold whereby doses lower than the threshold do not invoke a carcinogenic response. 
When evaluating cancer risks of genotoxic carcinogens, theoretically an effect threshold cannot be estimated. For chemicals that are carcinogens, a two-part evaluation to quantify risk is often employed in which the substance first is assigned a weight-of-evidence classification, and then a "slope factor" is calculated.
Generating a Slope Factor.
When the chemical is a known or probable human carcinogen, a toxicity value that defines quantitatively the relationship between dose and response (i.e., the slope factor) is calculated. Because risk at low exposure levels is difficult to measure directly either by animal experiments or by epidemiologic studies, the development of a slope factor generally entails applying a model to the available "data set" and using the model to extrapolate from the relatively high doses administered to experimental animals (or the exposures noted in epidemiologic studies) to the lower exposure levels expected for human contact in the environment.
Data Sets.
High-quality Human data (e.g., epidemiological studies) on carcinogens is preferable to animal data. When human data is limited, the most sensitive species is given the greatest emphasis. Occasionally, in situations where no single study is judged most appropriate, yet several studies collectively support the estimate, the geometric mean of estimates from all studies may be adopted as the slope. This practice ensures the inclusion of all relevant data.
Weight-of-Evidence Classification for Carcinogens.
Slope factors are typically calculated for potential carcinogens in classes A, B1, and B2. Quantitative estimation of slope factors for the chemicals in class C proceeds on a case-by-case basis. The slope factor is used in risk assessments to estimate an upper-bound lifetime probability of an individual developing cancer as a result of exposure to a particular level of a potential carcinogen. Slope factors should always be accompanied by the "weight of-evidence" classification to indicate the strength of the evidence that the agent is a human carcinogen.
Calculation of Cancer Risk.
For each age interval "i", the cancer risk for exposure by a specified pathway is computed as:
formula_1
Where:
Risk Specific Dose (RSD).
The Cancer Slope Factor is used to derive the Risk Specific Dose (RSD)(mg/kg-day) for direct-acting carcinogenic agents, those that cause chemical changes (mutations) in DNA. It is also the default choice for carcinogens when there are insufficient data to demonstrate that the mode of action of the chemical is nonlinear. The RSD is often calculated based on a one-in-a-million extra risk (10−6 risk) or a one-in-a-hundred-thousand risk (10−5 risk) for other-than highly exposed individuals. The term "extra" in the definition of the RSD refers to a risk from environmental exposure to the chemical of interest above the background risk that is always present.
The formula to calculate the RSD for a chemical based on a one-in-a-million extra risk (10−6 risk) is: RSD = 0.000001 / CSF
Potency Factor.
The CSF is also called a "potency factor" and is used to calculate the Incremental Lifetime Cancer Risk by multiplying the CSF by the chronic daily intake (CDI). The CDI is the dose over a lifetime and is expressed in mg/kg-day.

</doc>
<doc id="30942185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942185" title="1977 Grand National">
1977 Grand National

The 1977 Grand National (known as the "News of the World" Grand National for sponsorship reasons) was the 131st renewal of the world-famous Grand National horse race that took place at Aintree Racecourse near Liverpool, England, on 2 April 1977.
The race is best remembered for being Red Rum's third Grand National win, a record that still stands today. He completed the course in 9 minutes 30.3 seconds and went off as 9/1 joint-favourite.
Background.
Before the race, Red Rum was generally thought too old — at the age of 12 — to win the Grand National for a third time, having come home first in 1973 and 1974, and second in 1975 and 1976. However, being ridden by jockey Tommy Stack for the second consecutive National, the gelding clinched his unprecedented third title, bringing his career earnings to a then steeplechasing record of £114,000.
Red Rum's 1976/77 season had begun badly. After an initial small win at Carlisle he appeared lacklustre in his next four races, and owner Ginger McCain lost confidence in him. However, the horse finally returned somewhat to his best form when coming sixth in his preparatory race to the 1977 Grand National, the Greenall Whitley Chase at Haydock. In his last gallop before the National, he was back in fine form.
Red Rum was given the top weight for Aintree, but it had dropped to 11 stone 8 lb.
Race overview.
A large portion of the 42-strong field was eliminated from the race on the first circuit: 19 had fallen or unseated their riders before the second circuit, including seven at the first fence. Going onto the second round, Boom Docker held a significant lead (the biggest going onto the second circuit in Grand National history) but he refused to jump the 17th fence.
It was not until Becher's Brook (the 22nd) that Red Rum went into first position, when the leader and pre-race favourite, Andy Pandy, fell. Red Rum's lead grew gradually, and he came home 25 lengths ahead of second-placed Churchtown Boy and the mare Eyecatcher in third. Nine of the 42 runners completed the course.
The 1977 National was also notable for being the first in which a female jockey participated. Twenty-one-year-old Charlotte Brew nearly completed the race, though she was a long way behind the leaders. Her horse, Barony Fort, refused at the 26th fence.
Non-finishers.
There were two equine fatalities during the race. Winter Rain fell at Becher's Brook on the first circuit and Zeta's Son at Valentine's second time around; both were later euthanised.
Media Coverage and Aftermath.
In a new innovation the BBC opted to place an audio mic on one of the jockeys, opting for Graham Thorner who was partnering Prince Rock, with a view that the rider could give viewers a verbal experience of the National. The audio however proved unusable as Thorner, forgetting he was wired for sound recorded three minutes of expletive riddled content before a final tirade of expletives signaled his twelfth fence exit. The BBC however had narrowly missed out on a fantastic coup of media history as Thorner had been a last minute replacement for the jockey who had initially agreed to be wired up, Tommy Stack. Stack however changed his mind in the weighing room when he saw the equipment he was to carry. He duly weighed out without a microphone and the opportunity for the BBC to get the thoughts of a history making Grand National winning jockey, while in the act of making history, was lost forever. 

</doc>
<doc id="30942206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942206" title="Miss Community Gardens">
Miss Community Gardens

The Miss Community Gardens competition is an annual Canadian beauty pageant in Kensington, Prince Edward Island which puts a spotlight on young women representing many of the communities in the eastern part of Prince County. The winner of the pageant is awarded the title of "Miss Community Gardens" for one year, and will act as ambassador for the region during her reign.
The pageant falls under the wider umbrella of the Kensington Harvest Festival, a community festival taking place in mid-August in the community of Kensington on Prince Edward Island. The event has come to be known as P.E.I.'s largest country fair and includes many activities aside from the pageant, including a foot race, a beach volleyball tournament, the always popular street parade, a kite-flying contest, an Anne of Green Gables Lookalike contest, a rec softball tournament, a children's step dancing competition, a teen dance, a pancake breakfast, open bed races, a lyp-sync contest, a chicken and pork barbecue, the Harvest Festival Dance, an ecumenical service, a golf tournament, matinee horse races, a baby pageant, and last but not least, P.E.I.'s largest flower show.
The pageant originated as a beauty contest in 1969, but now prefers to avoid this term and the connotations associated with it; although an Evening Wear portion of the contest remains, it is by not the only measure used to judge contestants. The pageant takes place over three consecutive evenings in the Community Gardens rink. The pageant is popular with the residents of Kensington and surrounding communities, and many assemble each of these evenings to take part. 
Aside from title of Miss Community Gardens, contestants are awarded prizes for Second Runner Up and Miss Congeniality.
History.
Ida Peppin served as pageant director for each of the first 32 Miss Community Gardens pageants, and officially stepped down in August 2000.
Judging.
1) Talent In the Talent portion of the competition the contestant performs on stage before the judges and an audience. Talents often include singing and dancing, but a variety of other talents have been put on display. 
2) Evening Wear In the Evening Wear portion of the competition, the contestants are judged on poise and bearing as they walk across the stage. 
3) Backstage Interview During the last day of the competition the contestants are asked a series of questions from a pre-determined list that they answer offstage with no preparation. Questions are similar to those of a job interview. The questions require the contestant to display maturity, confidence and poise, and allow the judges to gain further insight into the morality and character of the contestant. This portion of the competition is weighted heavily, approximately 90% of the total score.
Winners.
The following is a partial list of winners (1969-2013):
Notable Contestants.
Rose Cousins, Halifax, Nova Scotia based singer-songwriter.
Hilary Murphy, artisan, entrepreneur and fashionista.
Candace Woodside, CFCY Summerside radio personality and athlete.
Controversy.
The Journal Pioneer, The Guardian and Island radio stations provided limited coverage in August 1999 of the Harvest Festival. The County Line Courier, however, did provide coverage of the event.
Further controversy erupted in 2008, when the Kensington and Area Recreation Association became involved in bringing back the Miss Teen P.E.I. International pageant, a scholarship pageant where there is no swimsuit component. The entrants represent a charity and they take part in scholastic tests. In June 2008, the Journal-Pioneer published an article which expressed the opinion that pageants are outdated spectacles that put beauty on display. The article went on to say that pageants is degrading to women, and that if the town wants an event that will empower the teens in the community and earn them money for school, the town might look at a scholarship that young people of both genders and all shapes and sizes can vie for.

</doc>
<doc id="30942211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942211" title="John Dabney">
John Dabney

__NOTOC__
John Dabney (1752–1819) was a postmaster, publisher, and bookseller in Salem, Massachusetts, in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. He was born in Boston in 1752 to Charles Dabney and Elizabeth Gardner. With Thomas C. Cushing, John Dabney published the "Salem Mercury" newspaper, 1787-1789. In 1790 he married Abigail Mason Peale (1767-1834). Beginning around 1790 he ran the "Salem Book-Store" which offered books for sale or short-term rental; customers included William Bentley. Dabney also served as Salem postmaster ca.1792-1815. He belonged to the North Church in Salem and the Essex Lodge of the Freemasons. Dabney sold the contents of his shop at auction in 1818. He died in 1819.
Selected titles in Dabney's bookstore & library.
In 1813, Dabney's stock included:

</doc>
<doc id="30942231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942231" title="Ballymoney Borough Council">
Ballymoney Borough Council

Ballymoney Borough Council is the local authority of Ballymoney in Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="30942253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942253" title="Salman Gambarov">
Salman Gambarov

Salman Gambarov Huseyn oglu (, born April 18, 1959, Baku) is an Azerbaijani jazz musician, pianist and composer.
Biography.
Salman Huseyn oglu Gambarov is a jazz musician, theorist-musicologist and jazz composer.
His mother - Sura khanim, daughter of Huseynagha Hajibababeyov – a famous opera singer, imparted him love to music from his early ages. At the age of 4, Salman played grand piano and picked up the most difficult compositions. Later, studying at a secondary specialized musical school named after Bulbul, Salman amazed people with his no ordinary play and a special approach to music.
Student years formed his musical thinking, determined his style and skills, and also revealed his main creative cue – foothold in academic, national and avant-garde musical art. As a pianist he continued his education at Azerbaijan State Conservatoire named after Uzeyir Hajibeyov, from where he graduated as a theorist-musicologist (1978-1983) and as a composer (1986-1990,class of professor I.Hajibeyov). Being a student, Salman learned jazz seriously by himself. According to his words: “jazz is music which compares everything in itself.” Understanding necessity of jazz education, Salman began actively perfect skills in different styles and manners of jazz.
After education in composer faculty he could deeply synthesize acquired information with creative search. Salman Gambarov’s first composition called “Variations for fortepiano” was conferred the first premium in the All-Union contest of composers in 1987, in Moscow.
In 1996, Salman founded a group called “Bakustic Jazz”, the membership of which varies depending on aims and projects. “Bakustic Jazz” appeared in different hypostasis: firstly a mainstream and cool based on the best traditions, post-bop (of such masters as Evans, Keith Jarrett, Hancock, Rubalcaba and others) in performance of habitual combo (not rarely with vocal of Estrada musicians); then it was followed by a turn to fusion, modal jazz (participating together with Jamil Amirov and A.Bayramova at “Oriental Jazz Fest” in Germany, in 1999). Such famous musicians as Sevda Alakbarzadeh, Anar Taghizade, Farida Mammadova in projects of “Bakustic Jazz”. “Bakustic Jazz” performed in jazz clubs of Baku, Odessa, Tbilisi, Warsaw, Berlin, Chicago, Basel and Moscow and also participated at gala concerts together with musicians from Russia, the Netherlands, Germany, France, England and the USA. “Bakustic Jazz” participated at different by profile festivals in Azerbaijan and far from its boundaries, such as “GIFT-Tbilisi” (Georgia), “Oriental Jazz Fest” (Germany), “Transsib Inter Jazz” (Novosibirsk, Russia), “Art of improvisation” (Odessa, Ukraine), “Restoration of disturbed connections” (Ulan Bator, Mongolia), “New music of last century”, “Festival of modern music “ (Baku, Azerbaijan), “Jazz carnival” (Odessa), “Improvised marry-go-round” (Ukraine), “Caspian Jazz and Blues Festival” (Baku, Azerbaijan), “Baku International Jazz Festival” (Azerbaijan), “Moscow Festival named after Vagif Mustafazadeh” (Russia), “Zelt-Musik-Festival” (Freiburg, Germany), “Astana Blues” (Kazakhstan), “Montreux Jazz Festival” (Switzerland), “Kaunas Jazz” (Lithuania), “Beethoven Fest” (Bonn, Germany), “Culturescapes” (Switzerland) and “The Caucasian Polyphony” (Sochi, Russia). 
Salman Gambarov is a creative person without habitual frames. His jazz is colorful and fine. It is interesting for many, but not understandable for everybody, because Salman doesn’t play with public for applause. His aspiration for folk jazz is revealed in a soundtrack written by film to a silent film “Latif” and also in a “East or West?” project music to which was written in a London studio called “The Premises”, in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="30942256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942256" title="El zurdo">
El zurdo

El zurdo () is a 1965 Mexican drama film directed by Arturo Martínez and starring Rodolfo de Anda with Germán Robles, Andrés Soler, Noé Murayama and special performances by Ofelia Montesco, Francisco Avitia, and Irma Serrano.

</doc>
<doc id="30942260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942260" title="Albert Sale">
Albert Sale

Private Albert D. Sale (1850 – November 28, 1874) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 8th U.S. Cavalry in the Arizona Territory during the Apache Wars. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry against a hostile band of Apache Indians, killing an Apache warrior in hand-to-hand combat and seizing his war pony, at the Santa Maria River on June 29, 1869.
Biography.
Albert P. Sale was born in Broome County, New York, in 1850. After his father died, Sale and his siblings were placed in Binghamton Children’s Home by his mother who also died soon after. At age 14, he ran away from the home and spent two years on the road before arriving in Dubuque, Iowa. It was there that he enlisted in the United States Army, signing papers indicating that he was of legal age, in August 1866. Sale was assigned to Troop F of the 8th U.S. Cavalry Regiment and spent the next several years on the frontier.
While stationed at Camp Toll Gate, Sale served with the 8th Cavalry in the Arizona Territory during the Apache Wars and was present during the savage fighting in the area during the summer of 1869. On June 26, his unit engaged the Chiricahua Apache in one of the biggest battles of the campaign when Major W.R. Price led a surprise attack against a village on the Santa Maria River, killing four warriors and destroying about 200 dwellings. Sale distinguished himself in a follow-up action three days later in which he fought and killed an Apache brave in hand-to-hand combat capturing his war pony and other effects. He was officially cited for "personal bravery in the face of the enemy" and awarded the Medal of Honor on March 3, 1870.
Though mustered out of the military shortly afterwards, Sale reenlisted four years later but died of typhoid fever at Fort Union in the New Mexico Territory on November 28, 1874. He was 24 years old. Sale was originally buried at Fort Union but was moved with 286 other graves in 1892 and interred at Fort Leavenworth National Cemetery. He is one of ten Medal of Honor recipients, and one of four Indian War veterans, buried there.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Private, Company F, 8th U.S. Cavalry. Place and date: At Santa Maria River, Ariz., 29 June 1869. Entered service at:--. Birth: Broome County, N.Y. Date of issue: 3 March 1870.
Citation:
Gallantry in killing an Indian warrior and capturing pony and effects.

</doc>
<doc id="30942264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942264" title="Alois Lindmayr">
Alois Lindmayr

Alois Lindmayr (19 September 1901 – 17 July 1965) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Luftwaffe during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
After World War II Lindmayr rejoined the military service of the Austrian Armed Forces ("Bundesheer") as a civil servant, holding the rank of an "Amtsrat". He was unable to join the "Bundesheer" as an officer because he had held too high a rank ("Oberst"— Colonel) during the Third Reich.
World War II.
Lindmayr fought during the Polish Campaign and Battle of France in Kampfgeschwader 76, flying Dornier Do 17 light bombers. During the French campaign he replaced Major Ludwig Schulz as "Gruppenkommandeur" (Group Commander) of I Gruppe (Group) Kampfgeschwader 76 (I./KG 76) on 3 June 1940. It is unclear when he departed. It seems that he may have led the unit until 7 September 1940, or if not, later that month. He was succeeded by Hauptmann Walter Herbold.
Lindmayr's most distinct action was leading two gruppen of KG 76 bombers in a raid to London on Sunday 15 September 1940 during the Battle of Britain. The day was the climax of the Battle of Britain, and became known as the Battle of Britain Day.
Lindmayr led his Dornier unit into the heart of London despite heavy attacks by RAF Fighter Command. He held his unit in formation losing eight of his 27 bombers. His experience and discipline prevented his unit suffering greater losses. In the battle, KG 76's escort, numbering some 120 Messerschmitt Bf 109s, were heavily outnumbered by RAF fighters making his leadership even more essential to the survival of his formations.
Lindmayr was commander of the pilot school 123 ("Flugzeugführerschule" 123) in Graz-Thalerhof between February and October 1944. Not much training at this time was possible due to the fuel shortage at this stage of the war. Shortly before the end of World War II he was promoted to "Oberst" and made commander of the pilot school at Kaufbeuren. In this function he organized the non-hostile surrender of the city to American Forces.

</doc>
<doc id="30942265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942265" title="Ralph Creed Meredith">
Ralph Creed Meredith

Ralph Creed Meredith, M.A., (7 October 1887 – 10 January 1970) was an Anglican Cleric who succeeded Edward Keble Talbot as Chaplain to His Majesty, King George VI and afterwards Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. In New Zealand he was president of the New Zealand Badminton Association and the New Zealand Croquet Association.
The son of Sir James Creed Meredith, and a brother of Judge James Creed Meredith, Meredith was born in Dublin, Ireland. He was educated at Rhos College in North Wales and afterwards at Trinity College, Dublin, and Dublin University, receiving his B.A. in Ethics & Logic with Honors after the Michaelmas Term in 1909. Meredith earned his M.A. at Trinity in 1912. He married Sylvia Aynsley (1894–1987) on 21 April 1915, daughter of Joseph Aynsley of Blythe House, near Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire. 
According to the 1932 Crockford's Clerical Directory, in succession became a curate at Caverswall, Meir, Staffordshire (1912–1914), curate at St. Bartholomew's Church, Armley, Leeds (1914–1917), served the Diocese of Lichfield (1917–1918), was curate of St. Peter's Church, Harborne, Birmingham (1919–1920), and eventually took charge of the Conventional District of Bournville, a village south of Birmingham diocese from 1920-1924. His successes at Bournville led the Bishop of Wellington to appoint Meredith Vicar of Whanganui, New Zealand in 1924, where he remained until 1932. He eventually became Archdeacon of Waitotara (1925–1932) as well, despite using addresses in both New Zealand and Hertfordshire, England during that time.
Meredith was a Freemason and an athlete of some note. After arriving in New Zealand in 1924, he was the winner of several New Zealand National Badminton Championships in 1927 and 1928, and was a world class croquet player, having performed for the New Zealand team competing for the 1930 MacRobertson International Croquet Shield, which fell to Australia, 3-0. Meredith also competed in numerous croquet tournaments in southern England and Ireland after relocating from The Vicarage in Windsor to Parkstone, Dorset. Meredith had a club foot and wore a surgical boot during competition, as well as his clerical "dog collar." 
Meredith is credited with being the "prime mover" in the 1927 formation of Badminton New Zealand (then known as the New Zealand Badminton Association), of which he was president for two years. He was also president of the New Zealand Croquet Association and the Manawatu Association.
Meredith required surgery in April 1931 and had travelled to England for the procedure. On his return voyage, emergency surgery was required during a stopover in Port Said, Egypt. Subsequently in poor health, he accepted an offer from the Marquess of Salisbury to take over the Parish of Cheshunt, St. Albans, in Hertfordshire in 1932. According to Kelly's 1933 and 1937 Directories of Hertfordshire, Meredith served as Vicar at St. Mary the Virgin and was rural dean of Ware, Hertfordshire, residing at The Vicarage, Churchgate. He also served as Vicar of Windsor, 1940-1958. 
In 1946, Meredith was appointed Chaplain to His Majesty, King George VI and retained a place in the College of Chaplains of the Ecclesiastical Household of Elizabeth II on 5 August 1952. Meredith died in Poole, Dorset, England, where he had served as Rural Dean since 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="30942279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942279" title="St. Xavier's Boys' College">
St. Xavier's Boys' College

St. Xavier's Boys' College is a national school in Mannar, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="30942289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942289" title="Willem F. J. Mörzer Bruyns">
Willem F. J. Mörzer Bruyns

Willem Fredrik Jacob Mörzer Bruyns, (born 1943 in Gosforth, Northumberland, United Kingdom), is a Dutch historian of navigational science, specializing in the history of navigational instruments. He rose to be Senior Curator of Navigation at the Nederlands Scheepvaartmuseum before his retirement in 2005. Since 1972, Mörzer Bruyns published several books and over a hundred articles in scholarly journals, on the history of navigation and navigational instruments, and on the exploration of the Dutch in the Arctic, in the nineteenth century. He wrote over fifty book reviews on these subjects in scholarly journals.
Early life and Education.
The son of Willem Fredrik Jacob Mörzer Bruyns, Sr. (1913–1996), a Dutch merchant mariner, and a naval officer (reserve), the young Willem Mörzer Bruyns initially trained as navigation officer at the Amsterdam Nautical College, Mörzer Bruyns sailed as a junior officer with the Amsterdam-based Netherland Line.
Career as a Museum Curator and Historian.
In 1969, Mörzer Bruyns joined the Netherlands Maritime Museum in Amsterdam and retired as Senior Curator of Navigation in 2005. In 1995 he was Huntington Fellow at The Mariners' Museum in Newport News, Virginia, and from 2005-2007 Sackler Research Fellow in the History of Astronomy and Navigational Sciences at the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich in London. In 2003, the University of Leiden awarded him a Ph.D. for his thesis on the use of the octant in the eighteenth century Dutch Republic, completed under the guidance of Professor Jaap R. Bruijn and Professor C.A. Davids. In October 2010, the National Maritime Museum awarded him its Caird Medal for 2009 in recognition of his many significant contributions to the history of navigational science and particularly for his catalogue of navigational instruments at Greenwich.
Published Works.
Books and Pamphlets
Major Articles and Contributions to Books 

</doc>
<doc id="30942298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942298" title="Drilus flavescens">
Drilus flavescens

Drilus flavescens is a species of "beetles" belonging to the family Drilidae. This insect is mainly present in Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, France, Italy, Spain, Germany and Switzerland. 
"Drilus flavescens" is one of the most extreme cases of sexual dimorphism in insects. The females of this beetle look like a caterpillar – so called larviforme females – completely lacking of wings and other adult characters. They live on the ground in the shells of snails (frequently "Fruticicola fruticum" F. Müller, 1774), feeding of the inhabitants, previously killed with a poisonous bite and sucked in with the help of digestive enzymes.
The eggs are laid in the soil under the litter and the young larvae of this beetle are covered with hairs. They are predators of land shell-bearing snails. Upon reaching its maximum size (about 20 mm) the larva chooses a snail shell in which to pupates. 
By clinging to the shell by the suction cup it on the terminal segment of the abdomen, she bites the snail for him inject paralyzing venom then liquefies the flesh by digestive enzymes. There, it will double in volume.
The prey is not completely digested. It follows a putrid and smelly spray that does not seem to bother the larva. It plunges headlong into the shell. Being very vulnerable at this stage, this may be a way to repel its own predators.
Once installed, the larva undergoes a metamorphosis and becomes soft. The legs are reduced and the hair largely disappear. This secondary larvae will overwinter in the snail shell.
The adult males are approximately long. They have long comb-shaped antennas, probably utilized for detecting pheromones of females. Head and pronotum are black, while elytra are reddish, quite soft and covered of fine upstanding hairs. It can be encountered on flowers and foliage.

</doc>
<doc id="30942310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942310" title="Clarendon Hills Historical Society">
Clarendon Hills Historical Society

The Clarendon Hills Historical Society is a volunteer-run organization in Clarendon Hills, Illinois tasked with retaining the town's history and establishing a community center for town residents to use as a gather place, as well as a museum to display prominent artifacts pertaining to the history of the village.
History.
The Clarendon Hills Historical Society was founded in 1974 by members of a local group known as the Friends of the Library. Until the official establishment of the Clarendon Hills Historical Society, the village's historical artifacts and archival materials had been stored, and cared for, at the Clarendon Hills Library, another volunteer-run village institution. This is the reason for the progression of the Friends of the Library group towards an established historical society. During its initial years of operation the Clarendon Hills Historical Society had a small, but valuable, collection of newspapers, books, photographs, and personal artifacts of village residents.
Middaugh Mansion Demolition.
The Middaugh Mansion, a 19th-century mansion built by one of Clarendon HIlls' founding members, and one of Clarendon Hills' largest and most prominent buildings on the National Register of Historic Places, was slated to be demolished in 2002. The Middaugh Mansion Foundation was formed by local residents to focus its efforts on saving the mansion from demolition. When it became clear that the historic mansion could not be saved from demolition, the Clarendon Hills Historical Society and the Middaugh Mansion Foundation, along with help and support from the village, shifted its focus to saving and preserving a large number of artifacts from the mansion, including stairway banisters, hand-crafted wood doors, cabinets, fireplace mantels, kitchen and bath appliances and furniture, hand-crafted stained glass windows, and various other items from the building.
Heritage Hall.
Heritage Hall is the planned renovation of a village 1930s water pump house which will house both a community center and the Clarendon Hills Historical Society as well as a small museum.
With the demolition of the Middaugh Mansion, representatives from the Village of Clarendon Hills, the Middaugh Mansion Foundation, the Clarendon Hills Historical Society, and interested residents formed a committee to care for the artifacts which were recovered from the Middaugh Mansion. Since then, the committee has evolved into the Heritage Hall Committee, a village-sponsored committee whose goal is to establish an operating facility for the Clarendon Hills Historical Society in which the artifacts from the Middaugh Mansion will be displayed or structurally incorporated into the building.
The Heritage Hall Committee, together with the Clarendon Hills Historical Society, leased an historic 1930s water pump house from the Village of Clarendon Hills for 99 years. Although in its early stages, the renovation for the pump house into a modern community facility is under way, and initial fundraising efforts have prove to be successful, and definitive architectural design plans have been created and bid on. There is currently no opening date for the new Heritage Hall.
Governing Body.
The Clarendon Hills Historical Society is a membership-based organization where members pay yearly dues in return for invitations to exclusive events, special program opportunities, and a regular newsletter.
Currently, the Clarendon Hills Historical Society has a board of directors led by four Officers: an elected President, Vice-President, Secretary, and Treasurer. Presidential terms are two years, and directors are appointed by the officers.

</doc>
<doc id="30942321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942321" title="Community Building (Princeton, Iowa)">
Community Building (Princeton, Iowa)

The Community Building (also known as "Community Hall, Boll's Store, or Boll's Community Center) is a building in Princeton, Iowa that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
It originally housed a store that was started by Henry (Heinie) Boll in 1922 and was operated by Boll and his son until 1997. It now serves as Princeton's community center.
It was designed and/or built by the Daniel Harring Company, 
and includes Early Commercial architecture.
When listed the property included one contributing building.
The listing is for an area of less than .

</doc>
<doc id="30942329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942329" title="Albatrellus confluens">
Albatrellus confluens

Albatrellus confluens is a species of fungus in the family Albatrellaceae. Grifolin is an anticancer isolate of the mushroom "Albatrellus confluens".

</doc>
<doc id="30942330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942330" title="Me Amarás (song)">
Me Amarás (song)

"Me Amarás" (English: "Love Me") is the first single from Ricky Martin's second studio solo album "Me Amarás". It was released on January 25, 1993.
A music video was also released.
The song reached number six on the Hot Latin Songs in the United States.
Formats and track listings.
Latin America promotional 12" single

</doc>
<doc id="30942338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942338" title="Jesús Rubio Martín">
Jesús Rubio Martín

Jesús Rubio Martín (born 1 February 1987 in Plasencia, Cáceres) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Football career.
Rubio began his career with hometown's UP Plasencia, before moving to Villarreal CF in 2002 at the age of 15. He made his senior debuts with the latter's reserves in Tercera División and, in the following season, appeared in preseason with first team, featuring in a friendly against RCD Espanyol; he also helped the B's achieve promotion to Segunda División B in 2007.
In the 2007 summer Rubio was loaned to Talavera CF, and received the club's "Trofeo Halcón" at the end of the third level campaign, which ended in relegation. He subsequently returned to Villarreal, opting to rescind his contract with the club to join Écija Balompié, also in division three.
For 2009–10 Rubio returned to the fourth division and signed for UD Almería, being assigned to the B-team and finishing his first year with 39 appearances and seven goals to help it reach the "bronze category" for the first time ever. He was team top scorer in the following season, with the club maintaining its league status.
On 27 June 2011, Rubio signed a contract with CD San Roque de Lepe. In January of the following year, after a string of good performances (with his side reaching the final phases of the Copa del Rey), he left and penned an 18-month deal with neighbouring Recreativo de Huelva, in Segunda División.
Rubio made his debut as a professional on 4 February 2012, appearing as a second-half substitute in a 0–1 home loss against Deportivo de La Coruña. He scored his first goal for "Recre" on 8 September, contributing to a 3–2 home success over Real Murcia.
On 20 August 2013 Rubio signed with Gimnàstic de Tarragona, in the third level.

</doc>
<doc id="30942344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942344" title="Sacrifice (Black Widow album)">
Sacrifice (Black Widow album)

Sacrifice is the debut album by English rock band Black Widow. It was issued in March 1970 through CBS Records and was produced by Patrick Meehan Jr. The album features the band's best known song "Come to the Sabbat" and its lyrical themes are centred on Satanism and occultism. "Sacrifice" reached No. 32 on the UK Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30942359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942359" title="Gustave Olombe Atelumbu Musilamu">
Gustave Olombe Atelumbu Musilamu

Gustave Olombe Atelumbu Musilamu (May 1, 1927 Yaounge – February 17, 2011 Wamba, Congo Democratic Republic) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wamba, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Africa.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1957, Olombe Atelumbu Musilamu was appointed bishop of the Wamba Diocese in 1968 resigning in 1990.
Bishop Musilamu died on February 17, 2011 at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="30942370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942370" title="Elizabeth Fenning">
Elizabeth Fenning

Elizabeth Fenning (1792–1815) was an domestic servant whose controversial conviction for attempted murder became a "cause célèbre".
Background.
Fenning was the daughter of poor parents, was from the age of fourteen employed in various situations as a domestic servant. Towards the end of January 1815 she entered the service of Orlibar Turner of 68 Chancery Lane, London, a tradesman, in the capacity of cook. On 21 March following, Turner, his wife Charlotte, and his son Robert, while at dinner, all ate of some yeast dumplings prepared by Fenning and immediately became very sick, though the ill effect was not lasting. It was discovered that arsenic had been mixed with the materials of the dumplings, and suspicion fell on Fenning.
Criminal proceedings.
Fenning was summoned to Hatton Garden police-court, and was committed for trial. The case came on at the Old Bailey on 11 April 1815, when Fenning was charged with feloniously administering arsenic to the three Turners with intent to murder them.
Evidence was brought against the prisoner. Fenning had asked and received leave to make the dumplings, and that she was alone in the kitchen during the whole time of their preparation; that the poison was neither in the flour nor in the milk; and that Fenning was acquainted with and had access to a drawer in her employer's office where arsenic was kept. Roger Gadsden, an apprentice of Turner, had eaten a piece of dumpling after dinner, though strongly advised by Fenning not to touch it, and was also taken ill. 
Fenning pleaded not guilty, and urged that she had herself eaten of the dumplings, a piece of testimony which was corroborated by Turner's mother, who said that she had been sent for, and on arrival had found the prisoner very sick. The prisoner, protesting her innocence, tried to show that Mrs. Turner had a spite against her. Five witnesses were called, who gave Fenning a character of respectability and good nature. The recorder's summing-up was strongly against the prisoner, and the jury finding her guilty she was sentenced to death. On hearing sentence pronounced she fell in a fit, and was moved insensible from the dock.
Execution.
Popular opinion was largely in favour of Fenning's innocence, and every effort was made by her friends and others to procure a remission of the sentence. On the day preceding that fixed for the execution a meeting was held at the home office to consider the case.
Lord Sidmouth, the Home Secretary, was out of town, but the Lord Chancellor Lord Eldon, the recorder, and Mr. Becket were present, and concluded that there was no reason for interfering. Lord Eldon summoned another meeting in the evening, with the same result. On the following morning, 26 June, Fenning was hanged, in company with two other malefactors, Oldfield and Adams. 
Aftermath.
Intense public interest was excited, it being generally believed that Fenning was innocent, a belief which was strengthened by her declaration on the scaffold: ‘Before the just and almighty God, and by the faith of the holy sacrament I have taken, I am innocent of the offence with which I am charged.’ At her funeral, which took place five days later at St George the Martyr, Bloomsbury, the pall was carried by six girls dressed in white, and as many as ten thousand persons took part in the procession which was formed to the grave. 
Samuel Parr and Charles Dickens believed in her innocence.

</doc>
<doc id="30942376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942376" title="Claire Tyler, Baroness Tyler of Enfield">
Claire Tyler, Baroness Tyler of Enfield

Claire Tyler, Baroness Tyler of Enfield (born 4 June 1957) is a Liberal Democrat life peer in the House of Lords.
Education and Early Career.
After graduating with a BSc in law and politics from the University of Southampton, Claire joined the Greater London Council/Inner London Education Authority in 1978 and in 1988 she joined the Civil Service. Claire also has a Diploma in Management Studies and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development.
Career in Parliament.
Claire was nominated as a Liberal Democrat Peer in November 2010 and from 1 February 2011 has sat in the House of Lords as Baroness Tyler of Enfield. She takes an active role in issues pertaining to health and social care, social mobility, poverty and disadvantage, well-being, children and family policy, older people, machinery of government and the voluntary sector.
In the Lords, Claire has been a member of the Lords Select Committee on Public Services and Demography which produced the report “Ready for Ageing”. She is currently Vice Chair of the following:
As Vice-Chair of the APPG on Social Mobility, she was lead author of the “Character and Resilience Manifesto”, which was written in collaboration with the think tanks CentreForum and Character Counts.
Claire is also currently co-chair of the Parliamentary Inquiry into Charitable Giving. She chaired the recent Liberal Democrat policy working group which produced the report “A Balanced Working Life” and is a member of the current Liberal Democrat Working Group on an Ageing Population. Claire is also a Vice President of Liberal International Great Britain. She is also a Friend of the College of Social Work and Parliamentary Friend of the charity 4Children.
Career Outside of Parliament.
Claire is currently is Chair of CAFCASS (Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service). She is also President of the National Children’s Bureau as of August 2012, Vice President of Relate as of November 2012. As of 2013, she chairs Making Every Adult Matter, a coalition of charities for adults with multiple needs.
Between 2007 and 2012 Claire was the Chief Executive Officer of Relate, the UK’s leading relationship support agency between 2007 and 2012.
For 5 years Claire was joint chair of the Social Policy Forum and sat on the Executive Committee of the Public Management and Policy Association (a subsidiary arm of the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy) for 8 years. From 2002-06, Claire sat on the Poverty and Disadvantage Committee of the Joseph Rowntree Foundation. Before then, Claire had been the Director of the Government’s Social Exclusion Unit and a board member of the former Office of the Deputy Prime Minister from April 2002 until June 2006. From July 2000 to April 2002, Claire was the Deputy Chief Executive of the Connexions Service National Unit.
As a panelist on the BBC Radio 4 programme "Any Questions?", on 8 April 2011, she revealed that after graduating from University, she was interviewed in a discreet London location, an interview that she believed was carried out by the Security Services. She was not recruited.

</doc>
<doc id="30942380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942380" title="GREE, Inc.">
GREE, Inc.

Origin of the name GREE.
The company name GREE comes from a hypothesis, Six Degrees of Separation postulated by social psychologist Stanley Milgram in 1967. "Six degrees of separation" is a hypothesis that everyone is approximately six steps away from any other person on Earth. If a chain of "a friend of a friend" statements are made, on average, any two people in the world can be connected in six steps or fewer.
The name symbolizes GREE’s hope to create and provide any new possibilities of the Internet" and to "to create new forms of fun, convenience, and excitement."

</doc>
<doc id="30942388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942388" title="Duran Duran (song)">
Duran Duran (song)

"Duran Duran" is a Finnish-language song by Finnish singer Jenni Vartiainen, released as the first promotional single of her second studio album "Seili" on December 13, 2010, by Warner Music Finland. The song is written by Teemu Brunila. "Duran Duran" peaked at number 10 on the Finnish Singles Charts in February 2011 and has sold gold in Finland with over 5,400 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="30942393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942393" title="Foreign policy of the John F. Kennedy administration">
Foreign policy of the John F. Kennedy administration

The foreign policy of the John F. Kennedy administration in 1961–1963 saw diplomatic and military initiatives in Europe, Southeast Asia, Latin America and other regions amid considerable Cold War tensions. Kennedy deployed a new generation of foreign policy experts, dubbed "the best and the brightest". Several of them were from the foreign policy think tanks. Kennedy had been interested in the issues of war and peace since his youth. In his inaugural address Kennedy encapsulated his Cold War stance as following: "Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate". 
Kennedy's strategy of flexible response, managed by Robert McNamara, was aimed to reduce the possibility of war by miscalculation. Kennedy's administration contributed to the peaceful resolution of the Cuban Missile Crisis and refrained from further escalation of the 1961 Berlin Crisis. In 1961 Kennedy initiated the creation of Peace Corps, Arms Control and Disarmament Agency and Alliance for Progress. On October 7, 1963 he signed the Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, which was accepted by the Soviet Union and the United Kingdom.
Kennedy was praised for having a less rigid view of the world than his predecessor Dwight Eisenhower and for accepting the world's diversity, as well as for improving United States' standing in the Third World.
Soviet Union.
On November 29, 1961 American officials declared that the Telegraph Agency of the Soviet Union (TASS) allegedly distributed a distorted, editorialized version of the Kennedy interview, given to "Izvestiya" employee Alexei Adzhubey. According to U.S. officials, the omissions included Kennedy's charges that the Soviets had violated the Yalta and Potsdam agreements, as well as the moratorium on nuclear tests and Kennedy's claim that the issue of divided Berlin largely stems from the Soviet refusal to agree to German reunification. Adzhubey promised to publish the full text in "Izvestiya" and Kennedy publicly expressed his appreciation for that.
In January 1961 the Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev declared his support for wars of national liberation. This step was interpreted by Kennedy as a direct threat to the "free world". On February 15, 1961 Kennedy asked Soviets to avoid interfering with United Nations pacification of the Congo Crisis. Khrushchev proposed to amend the United Nations Charter by replacing the position of Secretary-General with a three-person executive called the Troyka (Russian: "group of three"). On September 25, 1961 Kennedy addressed the United Nations General Assembly, revealing his commitment to veto the Troyka plan). On February 27, 1961 in his letter to Khrushchev Kennedy offered an early summit meeting. Khrushchev agreed to meet in the Austrian capital Vienna. The subsequent Vienna summit was tainted by the Bay of Pigs Invasion. Khrushchev, however, tended to attribute the responsibility for the invasion not to Kennedy, but to his subordinates. 
During his meeting with Khrushchev Kennedy's main goal was to suggest a retraction from the Cold War. Nonetheless Kennedy did not believe it would be feasible to change something in divided Europe or in the Far East and spoke with very general wording. However, he did take the novel step of emphasizing the importance of Allied access to ‘West Berlin.’ Previous administrations had simply referred to ‘Berlin.’ The evidence suggests that Kennedy essentially accepted the permanent division of Berlin into East and West and implied that an East Berlin border closure would not bring a US response as long as West Berlin was left alone. Since he was already thinking about putting up a wall in Berlin, Khrushchev was encouraged to continue down this path.
The U.S. State Department prepared several papers for Kennedy on how to approach Khrushchev. One of them, titled "Scope Paper", indicated that Khrushchev would "undoubtedly press hard his position on Berlin and a peace treaty with East Germany". In the spring of 1963 Kennedy started to seek a further conciliation with the Soviet Union. In the summer of that year he sought to wind down the confrontational mentality that dominated American–Soviet relations and to replace standard anticommunist rhetoric with a conciliatory one.
Cuban Missile Crisis.
After the ill-fated Bay of Pigs Invasion, in late July 1962, the Soviet Union began sending its weaponry and military personnel to Cuba, citing the intents to protect Cuba from further invasions. The Soviet Union planned to allocate in Cuba 49 medium-range ballistic missiles, 32 intermediate-range ballistic missiles, 49 light Il-28 bombers and about 100 tactical nuclear weapons. 
After their discovery Kennedy secretly met with the EXCOMM. He postponed a military solution of the crisis strenuously advocated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and decided to impose a naval quarantine on Cuba. On October 22, 1962 Kennedy informed the nation of the crisis, announcing the quarantine and demanding the removal of Soviet missiles.
Kennedy managed to preserve restraint when a Soviet missile unauthorizedly downed a US Lockheed U-2 reconnaissance aircraft over Cuba, killing the pilot Rudolf Anderson. On October 27, in a letter to Nikita Khrushchev Kennedy offered a noninvasion pledge for the removal of missiles from Cuba. The next day Kennedy and Khrushchev struck a deal: the Soviet Union agreed to remove the missiles in exchange for the United States' noninvasion pledge and the dismantlement of US PGM-19 Jupiter missiles based in Turkey. By that time, the fifteen Jupiter missiles were considered obsolete and had been supplanted by missile-equipped US Navy Polaris subs. They were removed the next year. 
During the crisis Kennedy showed his leadership talents, decision-making abilities and crisis management skills. By early November 1962 Kennedy's handling of the Cuban Missile Crisis was considered by most Americans as a diplomatic success in foreign policy.
Europe.
United Kingdom.
By 1960 the United Kingdom had ceased their work on a national missile system and Eisenhower offered to make the American GAM-87 Skybolt available to the British as soon as it was improved. The United Kingdom accepted the offer as the GAM-87 Skybolt would have ensured it a nuclear deterrent through most of the 1960s. By mid-1962, however, Robert McNamara had deemed the Skybolt project "excessively expensive... with serious technical flaws" and decided to cancel it. 
Because of informational mishaps Kennedy was not informed that McNamara's decision would have serious political consequences for Harold Macmillan's government. At a meeting with Macmillan Kennedy attempted to save the situation and offered the United Kingdom the UGM-27 Polaris in lieu of Skybolt. The related agreement dissatisfied French President Charles De Gaulle, who resented American preference toward Great Britain.
France.
France was the first country Kennedy visited as President. He arrived to Paris with his wife Jacqueline Kennedy on May 31, 1961. Charles De Gaulle, known for his preference to speak French to foreign guests, greeted Kennedy in English. Jacqueline, who in turn spoke fluent French, intrigued the French press, which called her the "queen".
The French nuclear program was pivotal in De Gaulle's aim of restoring France's international reputation. Kennedy administration had a firm commitment to the nuclear nonproliferation. In a letter to Harold Macmillan Kennedy wrote: "After careful review of the problem, I have to come to the conclusion that it would be undesirable to assist France's efforts to create a nuclear weapons capability". Kennedy was particularly dissatisfied with De Gaulle's intentions to assist West Germany in developing nuclear weapons.
East and West Germany.
Kennedy called Berlin "the great testing place of Western courage and will". On August 13, 1961 the East Germans, backed by Moscow, suddenly erected a temporary barbed wire barricade and then a concrete barrier, dividing Berlin. Kennedy noted that "it seems particularly stupid to risk killing millions of Americans... because Germans want Germany to be reunified". 
Two months later, a US-Soviet war nearly occurred as US and Soviet tanks faced off across Checkpoint Charlie. The crisis was defused largely through a backchannel communication the Kennedy administration had set up with Soviet spy Georgi Bolshakov. 
As a result of the Berlin crisis Kennedy's government faced a dramatic increase in the defense budget. The negative balance of payments with the European allies had aggravated American fiscal problems. At the end of 1961 Robert McNamara concluded an arrangement with West Germany whereby the latter was to annually purchase some American military hardware. However this only partially alleviated the payments issue.
On June 26, 1963 Kennedy arrived in West Berlin and visited Checkpoint Charlie. On that day he delivered his famous "Ich bin ein Berliner" speech in front of 150,000 West Germans. In remarks to his aides on Berlin Wall Kennedy noted that the wall "is a hell of a lot better than a war". 
Kennedy ordered 500 military men to travel on trucks through East Germany to West Berlin to insure that the West preserved the land-link to the city. In late October 1961, a dispute over the right of one U.S. diplomat to cross the East Berlin flared into conflict. Soviet and American tanks faced one another at Checkpoint Charlie, but Kennedy through an intermediary offered Khrushchev a conciliatory formula and both superpowers withdrew their tanks.
Latin America.
Kennedy's Latin American program was tasked to the Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson. Kennedy initially supported Latin America's democratic left, but his attitude towards this group cooled down toward the end of his presidency. Kennedy's main achievements regarding Latin America were the Kennedy Doctrine and the Alliance for Progress. Although the latter achieved far less than the Kennedy had hoped, its ideals gave Kennedy an unusual degree of popularity in Latin America. 
His 1962 trip to Mexico evoked an enthusiastic response to his Alliance for Progress vision. In that year Mexican President Adolfo López Mateos told Kennedy that for the sake of improvement of the Mexican–American relations the Chamizal dispute should be solved. The U.S. and Mexican joint efforts in that field ultimately produced the Chamizal Convention.
Asia and Middle East.
Kennedy's Asian initiatives particularly targeted India because it followed a noncommunist model of economic development and was a member of the Nonaligned Movement.
Israel and Arab states.
Kennedy firmly believed in the U.S. commitment to Israeli security, but his Middle Eastern policy saw ambitious Pan-Arabic initiatives of Gamal Abdel Nasser. In 1960, Kennedy stated: "Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom". 
Subsequently as president, Kennedy initiated the creation of security ties with Israel, and he is credited as the founder of the US-Israeli military alliance (which would be continued under subsequent presidents). Kennedy ended the arms embargo that the Eisenhower and Truman administrations had enforced on Israel. Describing the protection of Israel as a moral and national commitment, he was the first to introduce the concept of a 'special relationship' (as he described it to Golda Meir) between the US and Israel. 
Kennedy extended the first informal security guarantees to Israel in 1962. Beginning in 1963, Kennedy allowed the sale to Israel of advanced US weaponry (the MIM-23 Hawk), as well as to provide diplomatic support for Israeli policies which were opposed by Arab neighbours, such as its water project on the Jordan River.
In the summer of 1960 the U.S. embassy in Tel-Aviv learned that Israel was assisted by France in the construction of what U.S. intelligence called "a significant atomic installation" in Dimona. Although David Ben-Gurion had publicly assured the United States that Israel did not plan to develop nuclear weapons, Kennedy tried unsuccessfully to persuade Israel to permit some qualified expert (either American or from some other friendly nation) to visit Dimona. In 1962 the United States sent to Israel the MIM-23 Hawk missiles. Nonetheless Kennedy wished to work more closely with the modernizing forces of the Arab world. In June 1962 Nasser wrote Kennedy a letter, noting that though Egypt and the United States had differences, they could still cooperate.
Following the outburst of the North Yemen Civil War Kennedy, fearing that it would lead to a larger conflict between Egypt and Saudi Arabia (which might involve the United States as Saudi ally), decided to recognize the revolutionary regime. Kennedy hoped that it could stabilize the situation in Yemen. Kennedy still tried to persuade Nasser to pull his troops out.
Laos.
As Pathet Lao received Soviet support, Kennedy ordered the United States Seventh Fleet to move into the South China Sea and drew marines with helicopters into Thailand. He also instructed the American military advisers in Laos to wear military uniforms instead of the civilian clothes as a symbol of American resolve. Nonetheless Kennedy believed that if both superpowers could convince their respective allies to move toward neutrality in Laos, that country might provide a pattern for settlement of future Third World conflicts. 
Kennedy was prepared to accept the neutrality of Laos as a solution. In April, 1961 the Soviet Union endorsed Kennedy's appeal for the cease fire in Laos. Eventually an agreement was signed in July 1962, proclaiming Laos neutral.
Turkey.
When Kennedy came to power, the American–Turkish relations were solidly based on the containment doctrine. In April 1961 Kennedy asked for a review of the PGM-19 Jupiter deployment in Turkey. The response, drafted in June by George McGhee, indicated that cancellation of the deployment might be seen as a sign of weakness in the aftermath of Nikita Khrushchev's hard-line position at the Vienna summit.
Vietnam.
In January, 1961 Kennedy assigned 28.4 million dollars to the enlargement of the South Vietnamese army and 12.7 million dollars to enhance the civil guard. In October of the same year Kennedy dispatched Maxwell Taylor and Walt Rostow to South Vietnam to study the situation there. They recommended sending 8,000 troops, but Kennedy authorized only a much smaller increase in the American advisers. In 1961 the subject of Vietnam was raised at the meeting of Kennedy and Charles de Gaulle in Paris. De Gaulle warned that Southeast Asia would quickly become a "bottomless military and political quagmire". 
By the end of 1961 the American advisers in Vietnam numbered 3,205, but at the time of Kennedy's assassination that number reached 16,700 By May, 1963 Kennedy intended to pull the military out of Vietnam. This decision was influenced particularly by Ngo Dinh Nhu's interview to "Washington Post", where he noted that there were too many military advisers in his country.
Africa.
Kennedy's approach to African affairs contrasted sharply with that of his predecessor, Eisenhower. Particularly, in naming young appointees to several embassies, such as William Attwood to Guinea and William P. Mahoney to Ghana, Kennedy broke with Eisenhower's pattern. Other appointees included scholar John Badeau (to Egypt), liberal Democrats with government experience Philip Kaiser, John Ferguson and James Loeb (to Senegal, Mauritania, Morocco and Guinea). The Kennedy administration believed that the British African colonies would soon achieve independence. Under Kennedy a civil rights activist Mennen Williams was tasked with management of the African affairs. According to Nigerian diplomat Samuel Ibe, "with Kennedy there were sparks"; the Prime Minister of Sudan Ibrahim Abboud, cherishing a hunting rifle Kennedy gave him, expressed the wish to go out on safari with Kennedy. 
It was believed that through what Kennedy team termed as middle-class revolution the Third World nations would grow to economic and political maturity. By the spring of 1962 in particular American aid made its way to Guinea. On his return from Washington to Conakry, Guinean leader Ahmed Sékou Touré reported to his people that he and Guinean delegation found in Kennedy "a man quite open to African problems and determined to promote the American contribution to their happy solution". Touré also expressed his satisfaction about the "firmness with which the United States struggles against racial discrimination". 
On October 2, 1962 Kennedy signed United Nations bond issue bill to ensure American assistance in financing United Nations peacekeeping operations in the Republic of the Congo and elsewhere. Around this time, the Kennedy Administration was making private attempts to convince Moise Tshombe to reunite the breakaway State of Katanga that he led with the Congo, in advance of U.N. intervention.
Free trade: Kennedy Round GATT talks.
The Kennedy Round is a name of the fourth round of GATT talks. It was ensured in 1962, when Kennedy won congressional approval for U.S. participation in that round of GATT talks. Kennedy's negotiations were the most fruitful GATT round after 1951 and led to a considerable expansion in world trade.

</doc>
<doc id="30942394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942394" title="Currier House">
Currier House

Currier House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30942399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942399" title="Fergus I (mythological king)">
Fergus I (mythological king)

King Fergus I (said to have flourished c. 330 B.C.), is generally identified as the son of Ferchard, Prince of Scots in Ireland.
The "first king of Scotland", according to the fictitious chronologies of Boece and Buchanan, is said to have come to Scotland from Ireland about 330 B.C. to assist the Scots already settled in Scotland against the joint attack of the Picts and Britons. After succeeding in this he is further said to have gone back to Ireland to quell disturbances which had arisen in his absence, and to have been drowned in the passage off the port which got the name of Carrickfergus from him. According to Fordoun, Wyntoun, and most of the earlier genealogical lists of Scottish kings, the same account is given of the settlement of the Scots from Ireland by a King Fergus, son of Ferchard. According to others of the lists, Ferchard or Feardach, the father of Fergus, was the first and Fergus the second king. There follows a series of thirty-nine or forty-five kings between Fergus I and Fergus II, son of Earc. The critical insight of Father Innes demolished these fabulous lists of kings, and put the chronology of Scottish history on a sound foundation, by his proof that Fergus II, son of Earc, who came to Scotland about the end of the fifth century A.D., was in reality the first Dál Riata king in Scotland. Innes's results have been adopted by subsequent historians.
The invention and persistent acceptance during so many centuries, from the twelfth to the eighteenth, of a fabulous series of kings is, though not unparalleled, a singular specimen of the genealogical myth which flatters the vanity of nations as of families. It is supposed to have been due to the desire to establish a higher antiquity for the Scottish race, royal line, and church, than could be claimed for the Irish or English. It is of course not inconsistent with the rectified chronology of Innes that even prior to 503 A.D. there may have been Celts of the Scottish race settled in Scotland. Scots had aided the Picts in opposing the Romans in the fourth century, and Bede evidently inclines to an earlier date for the Scottish settlement. All that can be safely said is that there is no proof of any Dál Riata kingdom till the commencement of the sixth century, and that the account given by Boece and Buchanan of Fergus, the son of Ferchard, and his successors, is as devoid of historical foundation as the statement that "his coming into Albion was at the time when Alexander the Great took Babylon, about 330 years before the birth of Christ".
Buchanan, from whom this sentence is quoted, attempts to save his own credit by prefixing the words "historians say that", but by adopting it he became himself one of these historians, and gave the fabulous narrative a prolonged existence. Father Innes presses somewhat hardly on Boece, for the origin of this narrative dates back at least as early as the twelfth century, but the special blame undoubtedly attaches to Boece and still more to Buchanan that they clothed the dry list of names with characters, and invented events or incidents which gave the narrative more of the semblance of history.

</doc>
<doc id="30942401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942401" title="Wien Meidling railway station">
Wien Meidling railway station

Wien Meidling () is one of Vienna's main railway stations located at the Philadelphiabrücke. When the Südbahnhof (South station) was demolished in December 2009 to build Vienna's new Hauptbahnhof (main station), Wien Meidling had to take over the functions of the Südbahnhof and is now frequented by 55,000 people daily (instead of 45,000) and with that one of Austria's most frequented railway stations.

</doc>
<doc id="30942403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942403" title="Bucephalus (trematode)">
Bucephalus (trematode)

Bucephalus ("ox head") is the genus name for many trematode flatworms that are parasites of molluscs and fish. Like other Bucephalidae, they are found in fish both as adults and as metacercariae. In marine and freshwater teleosts, they live as parasites inside the digestive tract, especially the intestine. 
The genus "Bucephalus" was based on the earliest known bucephalid, "B. polymorphus" von Baer (1827), initially described from a cercaria larva. Von Siebold (1848) believed that the adult bucephalid he named "Gasterostomum fimbriatum" represented an adult form of the same bucephalid, but this identity has never been proven. 
The name "Bucephalus" meaning "ox head" was chosen because of the horn-like appearance of the forked tail (furcae) of its cercaria. By what Manter calls a "curious circumstance", horns are also suggested by the long tentacles of adult worms. 
They are distinguished from other genera in the same family by having tentacles associated with the anterior sucker. Genus members have their mouth in the middle of the body. 
An earlier name for this genus was "Gasterostomum", given by von Siebold in 1848 to all adult trematodes with a ventral mouth. Odhner (1905) established two suborders of digenean trematodes called Gasterostomata and Protostomata. The two genera in Gasterostomata were "Gasterostomum" (now "Bucephalus") and "Prosorhynchus," of which the former has an anterior sucker separate from its digestive tract and the latter has an anterior rhynchus. Members of the genus "Bucephalus" are also sometimes referred to as "gasterostomes."

</doc>
<doc id="30942421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942421" title="St. Xavier's Girls' College">
St. Xavier's Girls' College

St. Xavier's Girls' College is a national school in Mannar, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="30942432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30942432" title="Edward M. Lambert, Jr.">
Edward M. Lambert, Jr.

Edward M. Lambert, Jr. (born March 8, 1958 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is an American politician and government official who currently served as vice chancellor for government relations and public affairs at the University of Massachusetts Boston.
He previously served as a member of the Fall River, Massachusetts School Committee from 1980–1989, the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1989–1996, Mayor of Fall River from 1996–2007, and Commissioner of the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation from 2011 to 2013. 
Outside of politics, Lambert served as the director of University of Massachusetts Dartmouth's Urban Initiative from 2007–2011. 

</doc>
