<doc id="31045071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045071" title="List of specific crimes in Sydney">
List of specific crimes in Sydney

This page examines individual crimes & criminals in Sydney.
Early 20th century.
A vastly profitable illegal gaming operation developed, based on the Australian coin-tossing game "Two-up" was intruced in the early part of the 1900s by the Thommo's Two-up School, that operated continuously in various locations in Sydney until well after World War II. Although Thommo's was known and frequented by hundreds of thousands of Sydneysiders and that it operated for decades, in the late 1960s the then New South Wales Commissioner of Police, Norman Allan, was still publicly denying that Thommo's even existed.
Illegal gaming houses, brothels and "sly-grog shops" (illegal alcohol outlets) operated freely in the inner city throughout the 1900s, thanks to on-going protection by corrupt police. One of the most notorious gambling clubs of the postwar period, the Forbes Club, located in Forbes St, Darlinghurst, conducted its business with impunity for years, even though it was openly signposted and was located only metres from the Darlinghurst Police Station.
1960-70s.
In 1960 Sydney was the scene of one of Australia's first widely publicised kidnappings, when schoolboy Graeme Thorne was kidnapped and killed after his father won the Sydney Opera House Lottery. This was followed in 1965 by the still-unsolved murders of two Sydney schoolgirls at Wanda Beach in Sydney's south.
In 1968 one of Australia's first hostage sieges took place in the outer southwestern suburb of Glenfield, when Wally Mellish held his "de facto" wife and child hostage at gunpoint for several days.
Other notorious cases in more recent years include the Strathfield Massacre, the North Shore Granny Murders, the disappearance of Bondi school girl Samantha Knight and the rape, torture and murder of Anita Cobby. 
In the late 1960s, following the 1965 election of the Liberal state government headed by Robert Askin, there was a drastic realignment of criminal activities as the old networks dissolved. One of the most controversial claims about the Sydney crime scene at this time, reported by crime writer David Hickie in his book "The Prince and the Premier", the allegation was that Askin was corrupt and that he regularly received huge cash payments from illegal gaming operators like Perce Galea in return for political and police protection. After his death it was revealed that Askin's multi-million dollar estate was worth vastly more than he could have legally earned, and this has been seen by many as confirmation of his corruption. 
During 1967, as rival gang leaders fought to gain control of Sydney's crime industry, there was a series of highly publicised murders including infamous brothel owners Joe Borg, who was killed by one of Australia's first car bombs, and Richard Gabriel Reilly, who was shot to death in broad daylight in his car as he was leaving his mistress' home in Double Bay. .
The Reilly case became a "cause celebre" for investigative journalists, and David Hickie claims that Reilly's kept numerous highly detailed diaries, which were found after his murder. The diaries reputedly contained the names and details of all Reilly's criminal contacts, as well as those of many police, politicians and prominent Sydney society figures with whom he had dealings. According to Hickie, these diaries would have blown the lid off the Sydney organised crime scene and its connections to public corruption, but he alleges that at Commissioner Allan's direction, the diaries were carefully scrutinised and their contents relayed to him and Premier Askin and then deliberately suppressed to keep their explosive contents secret. 
One of the main beneficiaries of the Gang Wars of 1967 was Sydney's so-called "Mr Big" of organised crime, Lenny McPherson, who was believed to have masterminded the killing of several rivals, including Reilly. From the late 1960s onwards he became the most feared and powerful crime figure in the city. Most significantly, it was widely believed that McPherson initiated contacts between Australian crime figures, Asian crime syndicates and the American Mafia. 
One of the key events in this process was beginning the McPherson-sponsored visit of Mafia financier Joseph 'Dan' Testa in 1965, 1969 and 1971. The purpose of the 1971 visit was to arrange the purchase of slot machines manufactured by The Bally Manufacturing Company, an American slot-machine manufacturer that was Mafia-controlled, and to arrange the purchase of Bally slot-machines by Sydney clubs, often through threats of violence.</ref>
From this beginning, McPherson and his allies are alleged to have laid the groundwork for Mafia infiltration of the Australian illegal drug trade and the vast expansion of heroin trafficking in Australia and South-East Asia that took place in the 1970s. McPherson's opening of connections with the Mafia is also thought to have been a pivotal action in the ongoing campaign to introduce poker machines (slot machines) into NSW, and this is reinforced by persistent claims that some of the leading poker machine manufacturers were controlled by the Mafia. 
One of the most revealing cases concerning the connections between NSW police and organised crime came was in the early 1970s with the so-called Arantz Case. Phillip Arantz was a NSW Police Detective Sergeant and computer expert who was charged with overseeing the computerisation of police crime statistics. During the course of this program it became obvious to Arantz that the police were persistently under-reporting serious crime incidents and it soon became evident to him that he had uncovered a systematic program of suppression of information, the obvious aim of which was to protect corrupt police who were involved in or being paid off by Sydney organised crime networks. 
Arantz reported his suspicions to the then Commissioner, Norman Allan, but his claims were dismissed and he soon discovered that Allan had no intention of allowing Arantz's findings to become public. Frustrated by this official obstruction, Arantz became one of Australia's first "whistle blowers" when he leaked details of the disparities between the actual and reported crime statistics to the Sydney press. As a result, he was targeted by Allan in a deliberate campaign of harassment and vilification—he was suspended, subjected to a forced psychiatric evaluation and eventually dishonourably discharged from the force. It would be almost twenty years before Arantz could finally clear his name, by which time Allan and Askin were both long dead. 
Perhaps what was the most notorious place in Sydney in terms of criminal history is Kings Cross. Located in inner eastern Sydney, "The Cross" had a long history of prostitution, illegal gaming, sex clubs, drug dealing, "shooting galleries" (places frequented by intravenous drug users), police corruption and murder. It was the backdrop for the mysterious and famous disappearance in 1975 of Juanita Nielsen, an heiress who opposed high-rise development there. 
A NSW Royal Commission into gambling in the 1970s estimated that the annual turnover from organised crime in NSW was far in excess of the total NSW state government budget. 
1980s.
The Downunder Hostel fire, set on September 17, 1989, in a backpackers hostel on Darlinghurst Road in the Kings Cross area, killed six. Gregory Allan Brown, who had a history of mental illness and drug and alcohol abuse, confessed to setting this fire and 500 others. Imprisoned for manslaughter, he was released in 2009.
Over a fourteen-month period, John Wayne Glover killed six elderly women in Sydney's North Shore, for which he was dubbed the "Granny Killer". The investigation was hindered by police profiling which suggested a younger suspect, and well-meaning neighbours who assumed the victims had merely fallen and injured themselves, and washed away all evidence at four separate crime scenes. Glover pled guilty to the murders in 1990 and hanged himself in prison.
1990s.
The Wood Royal Commission into police corruption in the 1990s found widespread corruption amongst the various police units at Kings Cross, resulting in several long-term changes to policing in New South Wales. 
Cabramatta, which became notorious in the 1990s for illegal drugs being openly sold in its streets and at its railway station by juvenile drug dealers, and for the political assassination of John Newman in 1994;
Punchbowl and Lakemba, focal points of much ethnic tension and ethnic-based crime including a shooting attack on a police station; 
Redfern, known for a politically sensitive failed indigenous housing development called "The Block", drug-related crimes and an infamous riot in February 2004.
2000.
In the winter of 2000 a series of four gang rapes occurred, in which gangs of up to 18 men of Lebanese descent abducted and violently raped women. These incidents led to harsh new sentences for gang rape in New South Wales. These rapes and the following investigation and trials were the subject of the book Girls Like You.
Violence involving bikie gangs was also prominent. In 2007, a member of the Hells Angels dragged his girlfriend by the hair into a Melbourne CBD street, then shot her and two bystanders who tried to assist her; one of the bystanders died. The Hell's Angel pled guilty to the Melbourne CBD shootings and was sentenced to 35 years to life.
Members of the Hells Angels and rival gang the Comancheros were believed to be involved in a violent brawl at Sydney Airport in 2009. One man died in the brawl. A week later, the victim's brother was killed, apparently in retaliation for the brawl.
See also.
Gangs:
Individuals:

</doc>
<doc id="31045077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045077" title="Henry Cooke (artist)">
Henry Cooke (artist)

Henry Cooke (1642–1700), son of Henry Cooke, was an English artist, employed by the Ironmongers' Company.
Cooke went to Italy where he studied under Salvator Rosa. He painted the choir of New College Chapel, Oxford, the staircase at Ranelagh House, and Lord Carlisle's House in Soho Square. He died in 1700. 
It is said that he committed a murder and fled from England; and that after his return, he was employed by King William to "repair" the Cartoons of Raphael. He finished the portrait of Charles II at Chelsea Hospital; and also tried 
portrait painting, but gave it up.

</doc>
<doc id="31045078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045078" title="Nabadwip Ghat">
Nabadwip Ghat

Nabadwip Ghat is a village in Nadia district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is located from Krishnagar, Nadia. 

</doc>
<doc id="31045081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045081" title="Sherrill W. Ward">
Sherrill W. Ward

Sherrill W. Ward (March 14, 1911 - February 23, 1984) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse trainer. Born in Miami, Florida, he was the son of trainer John Sherrill Ward. His brother, John T. Ward, also trained horses and ran Fort Springs Farm in Lexington, Kentucky. Having learned the business from his father, in 1929 Sherrill Ward embarked on a training career of his own. 
Following the outbreak of World War II, Sherrill Ward served with the United States Armed Forces. After the war he resumed a training career that would see him condition Summer Tan to multiple stakes winning seasons for owner, Dorothy Firestone Galbreath. In 1957 and 1958, Ward trained Idun to back-to-back Championships, first as the American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly and then as the Three-Year-Old Champion. However, he earned his greatest acclaim as the trainer of Forego whose five Eclipse Awards under Ward's care included two Horse of the Year honors. In 1974, Ward was voted the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Trainer.
Health problems led to Sherrill Ward retiring in 1975 and turning over training of Forego to Frank Whiteley. In 1978, Ward was inducted into the United States' National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame. He was living in a Hollywood, Florida nursing home at the time of his death in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31045092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045092" title="Protambulyx euryalus">
Protambulyx euryalus

Protambulyx euryalus is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia.
The wingspan is 105-110 mm. Adults are similar to "Protambulyx eurycles" but the forewing marginal band is narrower and not crenulated and the hindwing postmedian line is curved and not angled.
Adults are probably on wing year round.
The larvae feed on "Anacardium", "Spondias", "Erythoxylon" and "Comocladia" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31045096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045096" title="Mandip Sehmi">
Mandip Sehmi

Mandip Sehmi (born 13 December 1980) is a British wheelchair rugby player. 
He was part of the Great Britain national wheelchair rugby team that came in 4th place at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.
He has two gold medals from the IWRF European Championship (2005 and 2007).
He got a spinal cord injury when he broke his neck in a car crash in the summer of 2000. He spent a year recovering at the Stoke Mandeville hospital. 
At the hospital, he met Bob O’Shea of the Great Britain national wheelchair rugby team, whose wife was a nurse at the hospital. He asked Sehmi to come train wheelchair rugby in a location near the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="31045104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045104" title="Protambulyx ockendeni">
Protambulyx ockendeni

Protambulyx ockendeni is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru and much of Central America and South America. It has also been recorded in Bolivia.
The wingspan is 105-110 mm. Adults are similar to "Protambulyx euryalus" but the forewing upperside is less variegated and the basal half is more distinctly purplish.
Adults are probably on wing year round.
The larvae feed on "Anacardium", "Spondias", "Erythoxylon" and "Comocladia" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31045112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045112" title="Adikkurippu">
Adikkurippu

Adikkurippu is a 1989 Malayalam-language legal thriller film written by S. N. Swamy and directed by K. Madhu. It stars Mammootty in the lead role, who plays the role of an advocate.
Plot.
The story revolves around the castaway Basheer (Jagathy Sreekumar), lost his memory partially. He is unable to recollect the past about him. The captain of the ship (Lalu Alex) who found him would like to handover Basheer to the relatives post anchoring in Kochi. But someone tries to kill Basheer and planning to deport him. Adv. Bhaskara Pillai (Mammootty)comes to his rescue and finds the people behind the ploy.

</doc>
<doc id="31045116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045116" title="Social issues in the Democratic Republic of Congo">
Social issues in the Democratic Republic of Congo

The Democratic Republic of the Congo is a country located in central Africa.
Poverty.
The Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) has one of the highest incidences of poverty in the world. At a rate of 71.34, its incidence of poverty is “extremely high”, even in comparison with other central African countries. However, this poverty is not evenly distributed. The IMF estimates that poverty is more prevalent in rural areas (75.72%) than in urban areas (61.49%), while the provinces of Équateur, Bandundu and Sud-Kivu have a poverty incidence of over 85% compared to Kinshasa’s 42%.
The DRC’s high incidence of poverty is partly attributable to the ethnic conflict that spilled over from neighboring Rwanda and an ongoing civil war between government troops and rebel groups in Eastern Congo. The sustained levels of violence have caused massive infrastructural damage, internal displacement, and loss of property and lives. In 2007, the International Rescue Committee estimated that 5.4 million people had died from the war and that another 1,250 continue to die each day from war-related causes.
In order to reduce the levels of poverty in the country, the government embarked on IMF recommended reforms to improve its macroeconomic environment, initiate policies to support economic growth as well as improve its provision of basic social services. While the results have been mixed, the IMF notes in its 2010 report that Congo’s economic governance has improved, over 22,000 km of roads have been completed and “significant progress” have been made in increasing primary school enrollment from 64.1% in 2004 to 84.3% in 2008 and reducing infant mortality.
Sexual violence and discrimination against women.
Sexual violence has characterised much of the violence perpetuated in Congo. Used as a tactic of war, the daily violations of women and children by armed groups have created a climate of fear and a reputation for the DRC as world’s “worst place to be a woman or a child”. Women from ages “six to eighty” have become victims and one statistic suggests that over 200,000 women may have been victimized over the past decade, while another notes that in some regions, as many as 40 women are raped every day.
However, despite the massive scale of violence against women committed, the level of assistance that victims can expect in the form of medical care or post-traumatic counseling service is minimal to the point of non-existence, especially if one considers that only three practicing gynecologists serve North Kivu, a province of over 800,000 people. Most of the rape shelters in the DRC are operated by foreign or international non-governmental organizations. But despite this intervention by the international community, supply has been insufficient to meet demand.
In addition to psychological and physical trauma, rape victims bear socio-economic costs. For instance, the families of raped women are only paid a dowry price of two goats, if at all, as compared to the typical price of 20 goats. Consequently, raped women are often abandoned by their husbands whilst raped girls have difficulty marrying. Thus, in the context of the DRC’s patriarchal society, where women are dependent on men – first their fathers and later husbands – for economic support, their status as rape victims inevitably affects their economic well-being.

</doc>
<doc id="31045121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045121" title="Protambulyx sulphurea">
Protambulyx sulphurea

Protambulyx sulphurea is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from northern and south-western Venezuela and Bolivia.
The wingspan is about 110 mm. Adults are similar to "Protambulyx ockendeni" but the wings are narrower and paler and the pattern is less contrasting. Furthermore, the forewing upperside is lacking the large costal patches and subbasal patch on the inner margin and the marginal band on the forewing underside is much narrower. The hindwing upperside is lemon yellow.
Adults are probably on wing year round.

</doc>
<doc id="31045127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045127" title="Nyayam Mere Cheppalli">
Nyayam Mere Cheppalli

Nyayam Mere Cheppali is a 1985 Telugu film starring Jayasudha and Suman in the lead roles. The film was a remake of S. A. Chandrasekhar's Tamil film "Naan Sigappu Manithan". Rajnikanth, who played the lead role in the Tamil film made a guest appearance in this film.

</doc>
<doc id="31045141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045141" title="Yundamindera, Western Australia">
Yundamindera, Western Australia

Yundamindera, also once known as The Granites, is an abandoned town located between Leonora and Laverton in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. 
Gold was discovered in the area in the late 1897 after gold at the nearby field of Pennyweight Point began to run out. Two prospectors named Wood and his nephew Deimal found gold near the Granites and following an influx of prospectors and miners declaration of a townsite was deemed necessary by 1901. The townsite was gazetted later the same year. The goldfield warden proposed the name Yundamindera which he had told the locals was the Aboriginal name for the area. The meaning of the name is unknown.
Some of the mines that were established in 1899 were the "Great Bonaparte", the "Queen of the May" and the "Golden Treasure South". Water for the town was sourced from nearby wells and soaks. A coach service ran once a week in 1908 from Coolgardie via Menzies to the town. By 1903 a coach ran twice a week to Murrin Murrin.
A branch of the Western Australian Bank was opened in the town in 1901. A local board of health was also established earlier the same year.
By January 1903 the local progress committee were in discussion with the Education Department to appoint a teacher for the district as a result of "the good number of children of school-going age about the town". The teacher, Mrs Sara Ramsden, was appointed in September of the same year.
Gibb Maitland, the government geologist, surveyed the area between Yundamindera and Edjudina in 1903 and later compiled a report on the mineralogy of the fields.
In June of the same year £700 worth of amalgam was stolen from the Mount Margaret Reward Mine. The robbers burst the safe to access the gold bearing amalgam. This was the second incident at the site during the year, the first incident involved thieves taking the gold slime from the premises.
The government subsidised battery was constructed near the town in 1903 and was still operating in the area by 1919 and crushed packets of ore for most of the mines in the locale.
Over 100 workers went on strike at the Potosi mine went on strike in 1904 when a notice of reduction of wages was posted at the mine. The men were all mostly members of, at the time, unregistered AWA with some being members of the AMA. The Potosi Gold mining company later initiaed a lockout and the case was tken before the local Warden's court. In November the Warden, Mr Ewing, found in favour of the workers and the company was fined £10 and costs.
The area experienced another gold rush when alluvial gold was found by Larkins and party about south east of the town in 1904. Over sixty men were working the field by December and obtaining fine gold. Several miners from the Potosi mine left to proceed to the find.
A windmill and storage tank with a capacity of to draw water from a government well located close to town. The construction was completed in November 1905 by the Public Works Department with the tank supported on a swan jarrah stand.
The Potosi Consolidated Company virtually ceased mining operations in May 1907 after experiencing financial difficulties. The Government Huntingdon Mill was also closed at about the same time causinf concern among local prospectors who had over 400 tons of ore to crush. It was hoped that ore could be processed at the Potosi Battery.
A 10 head Battery was purchased and installed at the "Golden Treasure" mine in November 1907.
In 1908 a woodcutter, Philip Costello, attempted to murder another patron named James Gray at the Victoria Hotel following a dispute at the hotel when he fired a pistol belonging to his employer at Gray. The local constable who was coincidentally at the hotel at the time arrest Costello.
A fire in 1910 gutted Messers Raftis and Twomey's store on the main street. The fire broke out at 2.30am then fanned by an easterly breeze, its cause is not known but both the brick frontage and the iron additions were quickly engulfed. The premises and stock were fully insured. Later the sme year an aboriginal man known as Charcoal was murdered by another aboriginal man known as Wombat. He was arrested and eventually sentenced to three months prison, the light sentence resulting from the man being greatly provoked.
The area received of rain up to July 1910 which is well above average, of the fall coming in January. Resulting in excellent feed and herbage being available to cattle which thrived in the conditions.
The "Golden Treasure" gold mine ceased operations by April 1910 with all the equipment being sold off. On the final day 38 tons of ore were crushed with of gold being recovered.
A heavy rainstorm in November 1910 wrecked several buildings and many small animals were killed from hailstones the size of pigeon eggs that fell at the height of the storm. 50 points of rain fell during the storm that swept in from the south west and affected a strip about wide.
Leitch and party dismantled the battery at the Battlesville gold mine and resurrected it at the "Queen of the May" mine in town in 1921.Ore from the "Big Stone" lease that ws being mined at the time was also expected to be processed at the new battery.
By 1936 the site was a ghost town with the old "Granite's Hotel" being used as a shearers quarters since 1925.
The town is surrounded by pastoral stations mostly raising sheep. Some of the leases include Yundamindera Station, Mount Remarkable Station and Mount Celia Station.

</doc>
<doc id="31045144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045144" title="Orecta acuminata">
Orecta acuminata

Orecta acuminata is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Argentina.
Adults are on wing in January.

</doc>
<doc id="31045148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045148" title="Mala Vas, Dobrepolje">
Mala Vas, Dobrepolje

Mala Vas (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. It lies just east of Videm and its territory extends eastwards to the peak of Mala Vas Hill (, 596 m). The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Mass grave.
Mala Vas is the site of a mass grave from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Mala Vas Mass Grave () is located in a sinkhole in the woods west of the village, marked by a wooden cross. It contains the remains of eight civilians from the village of Podgora murdered on the night of 16 June 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="31045184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045184" title="Marnie Reed Crowell">
Marnie Reed Crowell

Marnie Reed Crowell (born 1939 in Grafton, Massachusetts) is a conservationist, natural history writer and poet. 
Works.
First works.
Crowell’s first book, "Greener Pastures" (Funk & Wagnalls 1973), described life on their Canton, New York farm as what she called "nouveau rurals" in the '70s back-to-the-land movement. Widely quoted in sources ranging from astrology predictions to "Redbook" magazine, "Greener Pastures" was excerpted in "Readers’ Digest", anthologized, and used in rural studies courses at St. Lawrence University. 
"Great Blue, The Odyssey of a Great Blue Heron" (Times Books, 1979) describes the migration of a great blue heron to the Caribbean. Her other books include "Flycasting for Everyone", (Gary Lewis with Marnie Reed Crowell & Peter McNair, Stackpole 1997) 
The Nature Conservancy.
A charter member of the Laurentian chapter of the Adirondack Mountain Club and life member of The Nature Conservancy, for years Marnie and her husband gave nature walks on behalf of TNC. Either by conservation easements, gifts of land, or spearheading campaigns, Marnie and her husband have been involved in securing protection for a waterfall, several islands, and hundreds of acres of wild lands. "Quick Key to Birds"(1997) and "Quick Key to Butterflies and Moths"(2002) were written for the Deer Isle Conservation Commission. "Mark Island Light" (1998) was written to help Island Heritage Trust acquire and protect the lighthouse, of which Marnie Crowell was the first steward. In 2010 Marnie and her husband Ken were awarded the trust’s Roland Wakefield Award as outstanding conservation volunteers. 
Poetry.
"Shared Light, Images of Penobscot Bay", and "Shore Lines" are Threehalf Press poetry collaborations with photographer Ann Flewelling. Crowell’s bird poems accompany Audubon prints in the Maier Museum of Art at Randolph College, and she was commissioned to write a poem for the 2007 opening of the Penobscot Narrows Bridge, Verona, Maine. "A Sky of Birds, Downeast Images" (Threehalf Press, 2011) was produced for the Downeast Chapter of Audubon, with bird photographs by chapter members accompanying Crowell’s bird poems. "Beads and String, A Maine Island Pilgrimage" (Threehalf Press 2008) is a collection of Crowell’s poems and essays about the nature preserves of Deer Isle. 
Natural history columns.
For years Marnie Reed Crowell wrote natural history columns for local newspapers, the St. Lawrence Plaindealer and Island Advantages. Her many articles appear in newspapers and magazines, such as Redbook, Readers Digest, Natural History, Down East, and Island Institute’s The Working Waterfront.
Storytelling Festival series.
She hosted and produced the Satellite Distribution award-winning North Country Storytelling Festival series for National Public Radio at WSLU-FM. With Racquet Press, the small press venture she formed with two friends while she lived in Canton, New York, Crowell produced "North to the St Lawrence", a North Country best seller used in 7th grade social studies classes in the area, and subject of a three-part television series for the area public television station. For St. Lawrence University's Fiction International writers workshops she gave sessions on establishing independent small presses.
Crowell attended several years of Saturday classes at the Philadelphia Museum School and while a graduate student she studied with Albert Sandecki. She illustrated several of her books and her work has been exhibited at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts and the Frederic Remington Art Museum.
Meditation.
A moonlit ice skating accident in 1999 left her with a Traumatic Brain Injury. Her subsequent recovery is described in Crowell’s novel, "The Coast of May" (Threehalf Press, 2010). When her recovery was well under way she wrote many poems that she wanted to publish with photographs of the area’s wild places. At about the same time, photographer and clinical psychologist Dr. Ann Flewelling contacted Crowell about the meditation classes Marnie was offering. The two subsequently formed Threehalf Press, dedicated to using new media to produce art that speaks for the environment. "Island Meditation" (Threehalf Press 2011), originally crafted for the local medical center and adult continuing education program, surveys world-wide meditation techniques including those from Crowell’s trips to China. 
Teaching.
Marnie Reed Crowell's teaching career spans high school biology and Latin in Pennsauken, New Jersey, a Vermont one-room school, various New York state gifted enrichment programs, Empire State College, St. Lawrence University January Interterm courses, SLU’s Fiction international programs, and volunteering at Ogdensburg Correctional Facility, a medium-security state prison.
Iroquois and Wabenaki Indian baskets.
The study of old Iroquois and Wabenaki Indian baskets was for many years an interest of Crowell’s. Baskets donated from the Crowell collection now form significant portions of the holdings of the Akwesasne Cultural Center Museum in Hogansburg, New York, the Maine State Museum in Augusta, the Hudson Museum of the University of Maine at Orono, and the Deer Isle-Stonington Historical Society.
Life and education.
She grew up in Haddonfield, New Jersey and majored in biology at Randolph-Macon Woman's College, graduating cum laude. She received the M.S. in Biology from the University of Pennsylvania and married ecologist Dr. Kenneth L.Crowell in 1962. 
The Crowells have two sons, David who owns The World Artisan fair trade shop and gallery, and Tom who works for Columbia Land Conservancy. Each is now married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="31045188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045188" title="House of Jealous Lovers">
House of Jealous Lovers

"House of Jealous Lovers" is a single by The Rapture, from their second album Echoes. The track was rated 16th and 6th respectively on Pitchfork Media and NME's tracks of the decade. The track was produced by James Murphy and Tim Goldsworthy of DFA Records. The song can be heard in the film The Football Factory
In October 2011, "NME" placed it at number 86 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years". Pitchfork magazine placed it 16th on its "500 best tracks of the 2000s" list.
Critical reception.
The track is a cowbell heavy, dance punk track, with a rave influence. It was described by NME as "A masterpiece of dancable post-punk", in their review of the decade. Stylus Magazine said that "Nobody's been able to pull this off so well since Joy Division".
Track listing.
Side B.
dfa 2121
Charts.
Album

</doc>
<doc id="31045198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045198" title="Mike Volpi">
Mike Volpi

Michaelangelo "Mike" Volpi (born 13 December 1966) is best known for his leadership of Cisco Systems business development efforts as Chief Strategy Officer during the company’s prominent growth era, acquiring over 70 companies in less than five years. He then became SVP of the Routing and Service Provider Technology Group, where he managed over 5,000 engineers; in early 2007 this was an $11 billion business for Cisco. He was considered the right-hand man and successor of CEO John Chambers. In 2007 he left Cisco and became EIR at Sequoia Capital, few months later he was appointed Joost CEO. In 2009 he became General Partner at Index Ventures.
Early life.
Volpi was born in Milan, Italy. When he was five, his family moved to Tokyo, Japan, where he lived until he moved to the United States in 1984. 
He earned a BS in Mechanical Engineering (1984-1988) and an MS in Manufacturing Systems Engineering (1988-1989) from Stanford University. and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business (1992-1994).
Volpi began his career at Hewlett Packard's optoelectronics division in 1989 where he was both in engineering and in marketing. 
While at HP, he met his future wife Toni C. Cupal.
He returned to Stanford for an M.B.A. from the Graduate School of Business (1992-1994).
Cisco.
Volpi joined Cisco Systems in 1994 in the nascent business development group. He was promoted to leading acquisitions at Cisco starting in April 1996. As Chief Strategy Officer for the company he led corporate strategy, business development, and strategic alliances. During his tenure, he and his team were responsible for the acquisition of over 70 companies in 7 years, including a nearly $7B acquisition of Scientific Atlanta. Their acquisition strategy is widely regarded as a model for tech mergers and acquisitions. In 1999, he was named to the MIT Technology Review TR100 as one of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35. he was promoted to the chief strategy office working for CEO John Chambers until 2000. Some press speculated he was heir apparent to Chambers.
Moving into an operational role as a senior vice president and general manager, he led the routing and switching teams, then co-led the routing and service provider group with Prem Jain until 2007.
During this time Cisco's first Carrier Routing System product was announced, the CRS-1, in 2004.
From 2007 until 2009, Volpi was CEO of Joost, an Internet startup focused on online TV which was founded by Skype founders Niklas Zennstrom and Janus Friis. In September 2009, a lawsuit was filed against Volpi by Skype’s founders in conjunction with the proposed divestiture of Skype from eBay. The lawsuit was dropped in November 2009.
Index Ventures.
At Index Ventures, Volpi invests in early stage companies across the Internet, telecom, networking and media sectors. He currently sits on the boards of Lookout, Path, SoundCloud, Big Switch Networks, Centrify, Hortonworks, Zuora, ElasticSearch, Fuzebox and Pure Storage. Volpi also contributes to the firm’s late stage growth fund through his investment in Sonos.
Boards.
Volpi is an independent director of Exor (company) and was a board member of Swedish mobile giant Ericsson between 2010 and 2013. In addition he previously served on the board(s) of Opsware (now HP), TIBCO, Skype, Storsimple, Cloud.com and Clearwire. 
Volpi currently serves on the board of Witness, a non-profit organization which uses video to open the eyes of the world to human rights violations. He previously served on the Advisory Council for the Stanford University Graduate School of Business.
Personal life.
Volpi is trilingual, and married with 2 children.
His father is Vittorio Volpi, an executive at the United Bank of Switzerland.
Awards.
"Network World": 1999 Power Issue – 25 Most Powerful People in Networking 

</doc>
<doc id="31045199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045199" title="Roy Roberts (chief executive)">
Roy Roberts (chief executive)

Roy S. Roberts is an American business executive who had a long, distinguished career at General Motors before retiring as group vice president, North American Vehicle Sales, Service and Marketing in 2000. He is also a former Managing Director at Reliant Equity Investors. As of November, 2012 he is the Detroit Public Schools' Emergency Financial Manager and Board Chairman of the Education Achievement Authority of Michigan.
He is considered a pioneer for African-Americans in the auto industry. He once told Forbes magazine, "I've been the first black everywhere I went. One of my jobs is to see I'm not the last."
An August 1988 article published in "The New York Times" stated Roberts was the second African-American vice-president at GM. (Otis Smith was the first.) For much of his career he was the highest-ranking African-American in the automobile industry.
Roberts began his professional career working on an assembly line at Lear Siegler while attending Western Michigan University.
In addition to the executive positions he has held in his professional career, Roberts has also played important roles while serving in numerous volunteer and civic organizations. He is a member of the National Executive Board of the Boy Scouts of America (the organization's governing body) a former president of the Boy Scouts of America and an officer in the NAACP.
Early life.
Roberts was born in 1939, the ninth of ten children, in Magnolia, Arkansas. His mother died when he was two years old and later his father moved the family to Muskegon, Michigan. He describes his upbringing as "dirt-poor." His father worked two jobs (as a foundry employee and as a barber) to support the family. Roberts credits his father with instilling in him the value of education.
Roberts worked full-time while attending Western Michigan University at night, where he graduated with honors, with a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration.
Bloomfield Hills Country Club controversy.
Roberts unwillingly found himself at the center of a controversial event at the Bloomfield Hills Country Club in 1994 when the club refused to admit him after he had applied for membership. Though the club claimed its actions were not based on Roberts' race, G.M.'s president, John F. Smith Jr., and its chief financial officer, J. Michael Losh, chose to resign their memberships with the club because Roberts had been barred from joining.
Later, however, Roberts was accepted as a member.

</doc>
<doc id="31045204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045204" title="Paka, Dobrepolje">
Paka, Dobrepolje

Paka () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
The name "Paka" is a relatively common hydronym (cf. the Paka River) and toponym in Slovenia. As a hydronym, the designation comes from Slavic *"paka (voda)" 'water flowing the wrong/opposite direction', and some settlements named "Paka" are derived from their location near such watercourses. However, the toponym "Paka" may also be derived from the Slovene common noun "paka" 'rise, elevation', referring to settlements in such a location.
Cultural heritage.
A small chapel-shrine in the settlement is dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus and dates to the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31045217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045217" title="Poison (Beyoncé song)">
Poison (Beyoncé song)

"Poison" is a song by American recording artist Beyoncé Knowles. It is included on the 2009 deluxe edition of her third studio album, "I Am… Sasha Fierce" (2008) and the EP titled "I Am...Sasha Fierce – The Bonus Tracks" (2009). It was written by Johntá Austin, Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen of the production team Stargate and Knowles while the production was handled by the later two. The song was featured on a mixtape by DJ Haze titled "Big R&B Ego" and it leaked online in August 2009 prior to the release of the deluxe edition of "I Am… Sasha Fierce". "Poison" is a slow-tempo song in which Knowles talks about a bad relationship that she cannot abandon. It received mixed reviews from critics who noted that although the song was cut out of the track-listing of the standard edition of the album, it was a solid track. Following the release of the EP "I Am... Sasha Fierce – The Bonus Tracks" in Korea, the song peaked at number one on the South Korea Gaon International Chart during the week ending February 7, 2010.
Background.
"Poison" was written by Johntá Austin, Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen of the production team Stargate and Beyoncé Knowles for her third studio album "I Am… Sasha Fierce" (2008). It was produced by Stargate and Knowles while the audio mixing was done by Carlos Otanedel and Damien Lewis at Soapbox Studios in Atlanta. The instrumentation of the song was provided by Stargate at the Roc the Mic studio in New York and the recording was done by Mikkel S. Eriksen. Jim Caruana also worked on the recording of the song. "Poison" was not included on the track-listing of the standard version of the album; it was included on a re-issue of the deluxe edition of the album instead, which was released on November 23, 2009. An EP titled "I Am...Sasha Fierce – The Bonus Tracks" was also released on the same date in several countries featuring new songs including "Poison". Prior to the official premiere of the song on "I Am... Sasha Fierce", "Poison" was included on a mixtape by DJ Haze which was called "Big R&B Ego". This version was leaked on the Internet in August 2009.
Composition and critical reception.
According to the sheet music published by EMI Music Publishing on the website Musicnotes.com, "Poison" is a slow-tempo R&B and pop song with hundred beats per minute. Knowles' vocals range from the note of G3-D5. In the song, Knowles sings about a relationship that she knows is no good for her, but still one that she cannot give up. The song is complete with stuttering beats coupled with her "liquidy" voice. A writer of "Rap-Up" magazine noted that the remix of the song which was featured on the mixtape "Big R&B Ego" was "potent, but not quite fatal". Sonya Eskridge of "Sister 2 Sister" magazine wrote in her review of the song that "we can't help but wonder why it would have been cut". Matthew Richardson of "Prefix Magazine" noted, "As far as songs that got left in the studio, 'Poison' actually isn't that bad. The song's production isn't loud enough for this to be a single, but Beyonce sounds fine here."
Recording artist Nicki Minaj also discussed the song during an interview with "Rap-Up" magazine, saying "When I tell you it gives me life, like, it gives me life. Her voice is effortless. It's badass, like, 'I know I'm the best.' I love the melody, I love the cadence. It's playful, but it's just so in-your-face. It's dope and it's creative." Nia Beckwith of the website AllHipHop gave a positive review about the song, saying that it was "the most noteworthy" track she heard during the week of its premiere. She wrote, 
The overall theme of the song puts me in the mind of a hit from R&B group Bell Biv Devoe circa 1990 that was also titled Poison, but doesn't fair the potential to be a number one song like it did close to 20 years ago. Even though the song doesn't seem like it would be a chart topper it does seem album worthy. It's something most can relate to if you've ever been in a relationship. Beyonce sings about a failed relationship thats no good, but yet is so hard to walk away from and ends up being just like Poison.
Credits and personnel.
Credits are taken from the liner notes of the re-issue of the deluxe edition of "I Am... Sasha Fierce".
Charts.
After the release of "I Am... Sasha Fierce – The Bonus Tracks", "Poison" became very popular in Korea and reached the top position of the South Korea Gaon International Chart during the week ending February 7, 2010. It was the ninety-eighth best-selling track of 2010 selling 128,009 units.

</doc>
<doc id="31045222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045222" title="Orecta fruhstorferi">
Orecta fruhstorferi

Orecta fruhstorferi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Venezuela.
The length of the forewings is about 34 mm. It is similar to "Orecta lycidas" but darker and more strongly marked. The forewing and hindwing upperside markings are chocolate brown, light brown on the forewing or reddish-brown on the hindwing.

</doc>
<doc id="31045225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045225" title="Council of International Students Australia">
Council of International Students Australia

The Council of International Students Australia, or CISA, is the peak representative body for international students in Australia. CISA was founded on 7 July 2010 in Hobart, Tasmania and provides member associations with representation to the Federal government, and peak bodies such as the Australian Research Council, English Australia, ACPET, TAFE Directors Australia and Universities Australia, on issues affecting postgraduate students in Australia.
Recognising the overlap between undergraduate, postgraduate, domestic and international students, CISA works in collaboration with the National Union of Students and Council of Australian Postgraduate Associations where matters impact on all students (such as voluntary student unionism and travel concessions).
History.
Following the collapse of the National Liaison Committee for International Students in Australia in 2008, international students lacked a legitimate and credible national representative body to advocate on their behalf. In July 2010, 52 student, ethnic and community organisations gathered in Hobart, Tasmania to formally constitute a new peak representative organisation, CISA, at an Inaugural General Meeting (IGM).
The IGM was the culmination of two years of discussion among representative bodies and international students. The process was supported by a working group of international student representatives from across Australia, convened at an international students’ forum hosted in Melbourne in 2009. The 2010 Forum was hosted at the University of Tasmania and coincided with the Education Conference of the National Union of Students. Around 80 international student representatives attended, from all states and all levels of post-secondary education.
National Organisation.
2010-2011
At the Annual General Meeting in July of each year, CISA member affiliates elect national office bearers. For the 2010/2011 term, the national office bearers are:
CISA also has ex officio officers on the national executive committee from: 
NUS : July 2010 - Dec 2010 : Lily Yuen
Jan 2011 - July 2011 : Indrajeet Chauhan
CAPA : 
Cham Ha
AFIS: 
Linna He
2011-2012
At the Inaugural conference followed by AGM of CISA held in July 2011 at Victoria University in Melbourne, New team was elected for the year of 2011-2012; the national office bearers are:
NUS : July 2011 - Dec 2011 : Indrajeet Chauhan
Jan 2012 - July 2012 : Ashraf Alfian
CAPA : 
Cham Ha
AFIS: July 2011 - Dec 2011 : Linna He 
Jan 2012 - July 2012 : Catherine Nguyen
2012-2013
At the Inaugural conference followed by AGM of CISA held in July 2012 at Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, New team was elected for the year of 2012-2013; the national office bearers are:
CISA also has ex officio officers on the national executive committee from: 
NUS : Ashraf Alfian
CAPA : 
AFIS: 
2013-2014
At the 3rd National Conference followed by AGM of CISA held in July 2013 at TAFE Sydney Institute, New team was elected for the year of 2013-2014; the national office bearers are:
State Organisation.
As a new organisation, CISA is in the process of assisting the states and territories organize elections for the State Divisions of CISA.

</doc>
<doc id="31045247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045247" title="Orecta lycidas">
Orecta lycidas

Orecta lycidas is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Argentina, Paraguay, Brazil and Bolivia.
Adults have been recorded in September.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Laurus nobilis" and "Nectandra venulosa".

</doc>
<doc id="31045262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045262" title="Orecta venedictoffae">
Orecta venedictoffae

Orecta venedictoffae is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ecuador and Costa Rica.
Adults have been recorded in mid June and early July in Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="31045277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045277" title="Kappa-Poincaré">
Kappa-Poincaré

κ-Poincaré or kappa-Poincaré, so named after Henri Poincaré, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31045282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045282" title="Kulim Hi-Tech Park">
Kulim Hi-Tech Park

The Kulim Hi-Tech Park (KHTP), officially opened in 1996, is the first Hi-Tech Park in Malaysia. The KHTP is situated in the district of Kulim, in the state of Kedah, in the north-west of Peninsular Malaysia. Currently, the development of KHTP covers an area of approximately 1,700 hectares (approximately 4,000 acres).
The KHTP is conceived and developed as one of the national strategies of Vision 2020 for Malaysia to become a fully industrialised nation by 2020, Envisioned to be the ‘Science City of The Future’, the KHTP has continually being developed and promoted as an integrated science park targeting clean, capital-intensive, and high, value-added technology-related industries primarily in the fields of advanced electronics, mechanical electronics, telecommunications, semiconductors, optoelectronics, biotechnology, advanced materials, research and development and emerging technologies.
Right from the onset, the development of KHTP incorporates 6 elements or Zones, namely:
Kulim Technology Park Corporation Sdn Bhd (D-44351), a whole-subsidiary of the Kedah State Development Corporation, is the developer and manager of the KHTP; while the Malaysian Federal Government fully supports the KHTP development by way of dedicated development funds, as well as, other critical advisory and promotion support.

</doc>
<doc id="31045286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045286" title="Darcy's Story">
Darcy's Story

"Darcy's Story" by Janet Aylmer was one of the first novels published after the success of the BBC One serial of Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice" in 1995.
Published in England in 1996, the novel tells the story from Mr. Darcy's point of view. In 2006, the novel was published by HarperCollins in the USA. Author Janet Aylmer has since published a sequel, "Dialogue with Darcy", on Kindle.

</doc>
<doc id="31045289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045289" title="Joseph Coyne">
Joseph Coyne

Joseph Coyne (27 March 1867 – 17 February 1941), sometimes billed as Joe Coyne, was an American-born singer and actor, known for his appearances in leading roles in Edwardian musical comedy in London.
Life and career.
Coyne was born in New York and made his stage debut there at Niblo's Garden when he was 16. He appeared for some years in Vaudeville, as part of a double-act, and moved to the legitimate theatre, joining the Rose Lyall Dramatic Company. 
In 1901, Coyne made his first appearance on the London stage, playing opposite Edna May in "The Girl from Up There". After that engagement, he returned to the U.S. until 1906, when he made his second West End appearance. In 1907, he made a great success as Danilo in the original London production of "The Merry Widow", which he followed with a succession of romantic leading roles including Conder in "The Dollar Princess" (1909), Tony in "The Quaker Girl" (1910), Teddy in "The Dancing Mistress" (1912) and Sandy in "The Girl from Utah" (1913). 
After the First World War, Coyle played Robert Street in "Going Up" (1918), Jimmy Smith in "No, No, Nanette" (1925) and T. Boggs John in "Queen High" (1926). Among his leading ladies, "The Times" listed Edna May, Gertie Millar, Lily Elsie, Constance Collier, Gertrude Lawrence and Binnie Hale. One critic wrote of him that, like other stars of musical comedy including Millar, "It is no good their pretending to be any one else. We go to see themselves, and all we ask is that the authors and others shall give them every chance of being themselves in the most pronounced and personal fashion".
Coyne's last appearance was in "Apron Strings" at the Vaudeville Theatre in 1931, in the role of Ezra Hunniwell. He settled in Virginia Water, near Windsor, where he died of pneumonia, aged 73.

</doc>
<doc id="31045294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045294" title="Podgora, Dobrepolje">
Podgora, Dobrepolje

Podgora () is a village in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Geography.
Podgora is located in the northern part of the Dobrepolje karst polje. It lies in a transitional position between the edge of the polje and the steep slopes of the Little Mountain Plateau (), with inclines up to 29.5°. It is the only village in the polje located almost entirely on Triassic rock. A major Dinaric fault runs past Podgora. The area is rich in springs, with five in Podgora alone. The largest and best-known spring is Žovkno Spring. The other springs are Beč and Zajščica springs in the village itself, nearby Pri Koritu Spring, and Puhovka Spring in Puh Cave () just below the top of Grmada Hill (887 m).
History.
During the Second World War, there were several engagements near the village between Italian troops and Partisan forces in 1942. Italian troops burned a number of farms in the village. On the night of 16 June 1945, eight civilians from the village were murdered and buried in the Mala Vas Mass Grave in neighboring Mala Vas. On 21 October 1968 there was a major fire in the village, causing extensive destruction.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and belongs to the Parish of Dobrepolje–Videm. It was first mentioned in written sources in 1526.

</doc>
<doc id="31045300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045300" title="Oenococcus oeni">
Oenococcus oeni

Oenococcus oeni (known as "Leuconostoc oeni" until 1995) is a Gram-positive bacteria species in the genus of "Oenococcus". It used to be the only species in the genus; in 2006, the species "Oenococcus kitaharae" was identified. As its name implies, "Oenococcus oeni" holds major importance in the field of oenology, where it is the primary bacteria involved in completing the malolactic fermentation.
Diacetyl.
Diacetyl in wine is produced by lactic acid bacteria, mainly "O. oeni". In low levels it can impart positive "nutty" or "caramel" characters, however at levels above 5 mg/L it creates an intense "buttery" or "butterscotch" flavour, where it is perceived as a flaw. The sensory threshold for the compound can vary depending on the levels of certain wine components, such as sulfur dioxide. It can be produced as a metabolite of citric acid when all of the malic acid has been consumed. Diacetyl rarely taints wine to levels where it becomes undrinkable.

</doc>
<doc id="31045301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045301" title="Centennial Discovery">
Centennial Discovery

Centennial Discovery Software is an IT Asset Management (ITAM) tool which identifies and records software and hardware inventories on networked devices with the centennial reporting service installed.
Each device is set up with a scheduled reporting cycle i.e. on a small desktop estate one might have each device report in every day or even every hour. However on a large corporate estate a 10-day cycle is more appropriate to reduce network traffic as well as the volume of historical data Centennial stores.
Centennial comes with a 'Control Center' application with which this data can be viewed and queried although all the data is stored in an SQL database which can be queried externally to produce usage reports etc.
On April 28, 2008, FrontRange Solutions acquired Centennial Software for an undisclosed sum.

</doc>
<doc id="31045315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045315" title="Steve Parry (musician)">
Steve Parry (musician)

Steve Parry, (born Stephen John Parry, 4 September 1958), Pontypool, South Wales Valleys is a Welsh guitarist, musician, composer who was a founder member of the experimental rock band Hwyl Nofio.
He founded and played with Neu Electrikk. He has recorded with Colin Potter of Nurse with Wound and played with Matt Johnson of the post punk band The The.
Early Days.
Parry started learning guitar around the age of eight and later studied piano. Parry’s mother Anne was a church organist at the local St Mary’s Church, Panteg. He often accompanied his Mother to church and sat by her side as she played. The constant drone and mechanism of the church organ fascinated the young boy. Parry is a product of the South Wales Valleys; formative years were spent living in the shadow of The Black Mountains, amid the scars and ruins of a heavily industrial landscape. Both his grandfathers had worked in local industries, coal mines and steel works. Parry previously had recalled the memory of a school trip to a local steelworks, experiencing intense heat, tasting toxic gasses, seeing rivers of molten metal and the sound of industrial hammers. Parry’s compositions frequently refer to the catharsis of childhood and influence of environment, expressly hymnal facets of his work in the experimental music ensemble Hwyl Nofio. The Hwyl Nofio, abstract, noise composition ‘From Elevated Gangways Rivers of Molten Metal Flow’ referred to the above-mentioned childhood experience.
Parry’s music.
Parry’s first guitar was a classical acoustic, nylon stringed model that mistakenly had been strung with steel strings. The steel strings effectively warped the guitar neck, rendering the guitar virtually unplayable and impossible to tune. In his attempts to learn to play the instrument Parry developed a method for making sounds and noises. Abandoning conventional theory and on discovering the music of American avant-garde composer, philosopher John Cage Parry became less interested in the standard use of the guitar. Parry’s music is generally described as experimental music whereby he explores and exploits an ongoing collision between harmony and disharmony. The music can be challenging to the listener. Parry has developed a non-standard guitar technique and made use of prepared guitar (e.g. putting a nail file and screws on the strings, playing the guitar with pliers or a dinner fork) the key features being unconventional tunings, timbres, drone, distortion and noise. Parry often treats the guitar purely as a sound source rather than a musical instrument. He has developed a stringed musical instrument essentially based on the violin which is further linked to a series of effects pedals.
London Years.
In 1977 Parry moved to Croydon, South London. He replied to an advertisement placed in the NME by Matt Johnson looking for musicians to form a band. Parry did not join Johnson in the fledgling The The, however Johnson and Parry would keep in contact and share music industry information and personal contacts. Parry would later help with the recording of ‘Untitled’ by The The as featured on the Some Bizzare Album and performed live with The The at the ‘Anarchists Ball’ at The Metropolitan Wharf Warehouse, Wapping, London E1.
Neu Electrikk.
In early 1978, he co-founded Neu Electrikk with Steve Sherlock and Derek Morris, later recruiting Nick Hunt and Barry Deller to complete the line-up. 
Having signed to Some Bizzare Records the band split in 1981 following internal conflict within the group. Steve Sherlock would later record with The The and joined Marc Almond in Marc and the Mambas.
HWYL.
In 1986, Parry established the music label HWYL. HWYL are a Yorkshire based multimedia publishing company. They also are a UK-based music publisher, with such composers as Belgium guitarist, composer Gilbert Isbin, Hungarian guitar artist, improviser, composer Sándor Szabó and Danish fractal guitarist Fredrik Soegaard on their roster. Parry had been interested in the concept of atmospheric music. He created HWYL to promote and release original instrumental music from an eclectic idiom employing classical, primitive, jazz, folk, minimalism, contemporary to developing systems for producing sound. Parry perceived the creative and compositional template of HWYL to be limitless. The principal objective for HWYL was to establish an artist owned label, where the music was of primary importance, defined by the artist, irrespective of commercial gain.
Hwyl Nofio.
In 1997, Parry founded the avant-garde, multimedia group Hwyl Nofio. Parry remaining the only permanent member of the group.
Other.
He is a Bachelor of Science (BSc) in Psychology, Open University, England 1999-2003. He has worked with people with learning disabilities and is interested in Music cognition, the influence of sound on the brain and cognitive theories of how people understand music.

</doc>
<doc id="31045316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045316" title="Nazism">
Nazism

Nazism, or National Socialism in full (), is the ideology and practice associated with the 20th-century German Nazi Party and state as well as other related far-right groups. It was also contemporaneous or promoted in other European countries, particularly those with large ethnic German communities such as Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Romania and Yugoslavia 
Usually characterised as a form of fascism that incorporates scientific racism and antisemitism, Nazism originally developed from the influences of pan-Germanism, the Völkisch German nationalist movement and the anti-communist Freikorps paramilitary culture in post-First World War Germany, which many Germans felt had been left humiliated by the Treaty of Versailles.
German Nazism subscribed to theories of racial hierarchy and social Darwinism, asserted the superiority of an Aryan master race, and criticised both capitalism and communism for being associated with Jewish materialism. It aimed to overcome social divisions, with all parts of a racially homogenous society cooperating for national unity and regeneration and to secure territorial enlargement at the expense of supposedly inferior neighbouring nations. The use of the name “National Socialism” arose out of earlier attempts by German right-wing figures to create a nationalist redefinition of “socialism”, as a reactionary alternative to both internationalist Marxist socialism and free market capitalism. This involved the idea of uniting rich and poor Germans for a common national project without eliminating class differences (a concept known as "Volksgemeinschaft", or "people's community"), and promoted the subordination of individuals and groups to the needs of the nation, state and leader. National Socialism rejected the Marxist concept of class struggle, opposed ideas of equality and international solidarity, and sought to defend private property.
The Nazi Party was founded as the pan-German nationalist and antisemitic German Workers' Party in January 1919. By the early 1920s, Adolf Hitler had become its leader and assumed control of the organisation, now renamed the National Socialist German Workers’ Party ("Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei") in a bid to broaden its appeal. The National Socialist Program, adopted in 1920, called for a united Greater Germany that would deny citizenship to Jews or those of Jewish descent, while also supporting land reform and the nationalisation of some industries. In Mein Kampf, written in 1924, Hitler outlined the virulent antisemitism and anti-communism that lay at the heart of his political philosophy, as well as his disdain for parliamentary democracy and his belief in Germany’s right to territorial expansion.
In 1933, with the support of more traditional right-wing conservatives, Hitler became Chancellor of Germany and the Nazis gradually established a one-party totalitarian state, under which Jews, political opponents and other "undesirable" elements were marginalised, harassed and eventually imprisoned and killed. Once in power, Hitler purged the remnants of the party’s more socially and economically radical factions in the Night of the Long Knives and, following the death of President Hindenburg, ultimate authority became increasingly concentrated in his hands, as "Führer", or leader. Following the Holocaust and German defeat in the Second World War, only a few fringe racist groups, usually referred to as neo-Nazis, still describe themselves as following National Socialism.
Etymology.
The full name of Adolf Hitler's party was "Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei" (National Socialist German Workers' Party). The shorthand "Nazi" was formed from the first two syllables of the German pronunciation of the word "national" ().
Position in the political spectrum.
A majority of scholars identify Nazism in practice as a form of far-right politics. Far-right themes in Nazism include the argument that superior people have a right to dominate over other people and purge society of supposed inferior elements. Adolf Hitler and other proponents officially portrayed Nazism as being neither left- nor right-wing, but syncretic. Hitler in "Mein Kampf" directly attacked both left-wing and right-wing politics in Germany, saying:
Today our left-wing politicians in particular are constantly insisting that their craven-hearted and obsequious foreign policy necessarily results from the disarmament of Germany, whereas the truth is that this is the policy of traitors [...] But the politicians of the Right deserve exactly the same reproach. It was through their miserable cowardice that those ruffians of Jews who came into power in 1918 were able to rob the nation of its arms.
Hitler, when asked whether he supported the "bourgeois right-wing", claimed that Nazism was not exclusively for any class, and indicated that it favoured neither the left nor the right, but preserved "pure" elements from both "camps", stating: "From the camp of bourgeois tradition, it takes national resolve, and from the materialism of the Marxist dogma, living, creative Socialism".
The Nazis were strongly influenced by the post–World War I far-right in Germany, which held common beliefs such as anti-Marxism, anti-liberalism, and antisemitism, along with nationalism, contempt towards the Treaty of Versailles, and condemnation of the Weimar Republic for signing the armistice in November 1918 that later led to their signing of the Treaty of Versailles. A major inspiration for the Nazis were the far-right nationalist "Freikorps", paramilitary organisations that engaged in political violence after World War I. Initially, the post-World War I German far right was dominated by monarchists, but the younger generation, who were associated with "Völkisch" nationalism, were more radical and did not express any emphasis on the restoration of the German monarchy. This younger generation desired to dismantle the Weimar Republic and create a new radical and strong state based upon a martial ruling ethic that could revive the "Spirit of 1914" that was associated with German national unity ("Volksgemeinschaft").
The Nazis, the far-right monarchist, reactionary German National People's Party (DNVP), and others, such as monarchist officers of the German Army and several prominent industrialists, formed an alliance in opposition to the Weimar Republic on 11 October 1931 in Bad Harzburg; officially known as the "National Front", but commonly referred to as the Harzburg Front. The Nazis stated the alliance was purely tactical and there remained substantial differences with the DNVP. The Nazis described the DNVP as a bourgeois party and called themselves an anti-bourgeois party. After the elections in 1932, the alliance broke after the DNVP lost many of its seats in the Reichstag. The Nazis denounced them as "an insignificant heap of reactionaries". The DNVP responded by denouncing the Nazis for their socialism, their street violence, and the "economic experiments" that would take place if the Nazis rose to power.
Kaiser Wilhelm II, who was pressured to abdicate the throne and flee into exile amidst an attempted communist revolution in Germany, initially supported the Nazi Party. His four sons, including Prince Eitel Friedrich and Prince Oskar, became members of the Nazi Party, in hopes that in exchange for their support, the Nazis would permit the restoration of the monarchy.
There were factions in the Nazi Party, both conservative and radical. The conservative Nazi Hermann Göring urged Hitler to conciliate with capitalists and reactionaries. Other prominent conservative Nazis included Heinrich Himmler and Reinhard Heydrich.
The radical Nazi Joseph Goebbels, hated capitalism, viewing it as having Jews at its core, and he stressed the need for the party to emphasise both a proletarian and national character. Those views were shared by Otto Strasser, who later left the Nazi Party in the belief that Hitler had betrayed the party's socialist goals by allegedly endorsing capitalism. Large segments of the Nazi Party staunchly supported its official socialist, revolutionary, and anti-capitalist positions and expected both a social and economic revolution upon the party gaining power in 1933. Many of the million members of the "Sturmabteilung" (SA) were committed to the party's official socialist program. The leader of the SA, Ernst Röhm, pushed for a "second revolution" (the "first revolution" being the Nazis' seizure of power) that would entrench the party's official socialist program. Further, Röhm desired that the SA absorb the much smaller German Army into its ranks under his leadership.
Prior to becoming an antisemite and a Nazi, Hitler had lived a Bohemian lifestyle as a wandering watercolour artist in Austria and southern Germany, though he maintained elements of it later in life. Hitler served in World War I. After the war, his battalion was absorbed by the Bavarian Soviet Republic from 1918 to 1919, where he was elected Deputy Battalion Representative. According to the historian Thomas Weber, Hitler attended the funeral of communist Kurt Eisner (a German Jew), wearing a black mourning armband on one arm and a red communist armband on the other, which he took as evidence that Hitler's political beliefs had not yet solidified. In "Mein Kampf", Hitler never mentioned any service with the Bavarian Soviet Republic, and stated that he became an antisemite in 1913 in Vienna. This statement has been disputed with the contention he was not an antisemite at that time.
Hitler altered his political views in response to the Treaty of Versailles of June 1919, and it was then that he became an antisemitic, German nationalist. As a Nazi, Hitler had expressed opposition to capitalism, having regarded capitalism as having Jewish origins. He accused capitalism of holding nations ransom in the interests of a parasitic cosmopolitan rentier class.
Hitler took a pragmatic position between the conservative and radical factions of the Nazi Party, in that he accepted private property and allowed capitalist private enterprises to exist as long as they adhered to the goals of the Nazi state. However, if a capitalist private enterprise resisted Nazi goals, he sought to destroy it. Upon the Nazis achieving power, Röhm's SA began attacks against individuals deemed to be associated with conservative reaction, without Hitler's authorisation. Hitler considered Röhm's independent actions to be violating and threatening his leadership, as well as jeopardising the regime by alienating the conservative President Paul von Hindenburg and the conservative-oriented German Army. This resulted in Hitler purging Röhm and other radical members of the SA in what came to be known as the Night of the Long Knives.
Although he opposed communist ideology, Hitler on numerous occasions publicly praised the Soviet Union's leader Joseph Stalin and Stalinism. Hitler commended Stalin for seeking to purify the Communist Party of the Soviet Union of Jewish influences, noting Stalin's purging of Jewish communists such as Leon Trotsky, Grigory Zinoviev, Lev Kamenev and Karl Radek. While Hitler always intended to bring Germany into conflict against the Soviet Union to gain "Lebensraum" (living space), he supported a temporary strategic alliance between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union to form a common anti-liberal front to crush liberal democracies, particularly France.
Origins.
Völkisch nationalism.
One of the most significant ideological influences on the Nazis was the German nationalist Johann Gottlieb Fichte, whose works had served as inspiration to Hitler and other Nazi members, including Dietrich Eckart and Arnold Fanck. In "Speeches to the German Nation" (1808), written amid Napoleonic France's occupation of Berlin, Fichte called for a German national revolution against the French occupiers, making passionate public speeches, arming his students for battle against the French, and stressing the need for action by the German nation to free itself. Fichte's nationalism was populist and opposed to traditional elites, spoke of the need of a "People's War" ("Volkskrieg"), and put forth concepts similar to those the Nazis adopted. Fichte promoted German exceptionalism and stressed the need for the German nation to be purified (including purging the German language of French words, a policy that the Nazis undertook upon rising to power).
"Völkisch" nationalism denounced soulless materialism, individualism, and secularized urban industrial society, while advocating a "superior" society based on ethnic German "folk" culture and German "blood". It denounced foreigners, foreign ideas and declared that Jews, national minorities, Catholics, and Freemasons were "traitors to the nation" and unworthy of inclusion. "Völkisch" nationalism saw the world in terms of natural law and romanticism, viewed societies as organic, extolling the virtues of rural life, condemning the neglect of tradition and decay of morals, denounced the destruction of the natural environment, and condemned "cosmopolitan" cultures such as Jews and Romani.
During the era of Imperial Germany, "Völkisch" nationalism was overshadowed by both Prussian patriotism and the federalist tradition of various states therein. The events of World War I including the end of the Prussian monarchy in Germany, resulted in a surge of revolutionary "Völkisch" nationalism. The Nazis supported such revolutionary "Völkisch" nationalist policies. The Nazis claimed that their ideology was influenced by the leadership and policies of German Chancellor Otto von Bismarck, the founder of the German Empire. The Nazis declared that they were dedicated to continuing the process of creating a unified German nation state that Bismarck had begun and desired to achieve. While Hitler was supportive of Bismarck's creation of the German Empire, he was critical of Bismarck's moderate domestic policies. On the issue of Bismarck's support of a "Kleindeutschland" ("Lesser Germany", excluding Austria) versus the pan-German "Großdeutschland" ("Greater Germany") of the Nazis, Hitler stated that Bismarck's attainment of "Kleindeutschland" was the "highest achievement" Bismarck could have achieved "within the limits possible of that time". In "Mein Kampf" ("My Struggle"), Hitler presented himself as a "second Bismarck".
During his youth in Austria, Hitler was politically influenced by Austrian pan-Germanist proponent Georg Ritter von Schönerer, who advocated radical German nationalism, antisemitism, anti-Catholicism, anti-Slavism and anti-Habsburg views. From von Schönerer and his followers, Hitler adopted for the Nazi movement the "Heil" greeting, the "Führer" title, and the model of absolute party leadership. Hitler was also impressed with the populist antisemitism and anti-liberal bourgeois agitation of Karl Lueger, who as the mayor of Vienna during Hitler's time in the city used a rabble-rousing oratory style that appealed to the wider masses. Unlike von Schönerer, however, Lueger was not a German nationalist, but a pro-Catholic Habsburg supporter.
Racial theories and antisemitism.
The concept of the Aryan race, which the Nazis promoted, stems from racial theories asserting that Europeans are the descendants of Indo-Iranian settlers, people of ancient India and ancient Persia. Proponents of this theory based their assertion on the similarity of European words and their meaning to those of Indo-Iranian languages. Johann Gottfried Herder argued that the Germanic peoples held close racial connections with the ancient Indians and ancient Persians, who he claimed were advanced peoples possessing a great capacity for wisdom, nobility, restraint, and science. Contemporaries of Herder used the concept of the Aryan race to draw a distinction between what they deemed "high and noble" Aryan culture versus that of "parasitic" Semitic culture.
Notions of white supremacy and Aryan racial superiority combined in the 19th century, with white supremacists maintaining that certain groups of white people were members of an Aryan "master race" which is superior to other races, and particularly the Semitic race, which they associated with "cultural sterility". Arthur de Gobineau, a French racial theorist and aristocrat, blamed the fall of the "ancien régime" in France on racial degeneracy caused by racial intermixing, which he argued destroyed the purity of the Aryan race, a term which he reserved only for Germanic people. Gobineau's theories, which attracted a strong following in Germany, emphasised the existence of an irreconcilable polarity between Aryan(Germanic) and Jewish cultures.
Aryan mysticism claimed that Christianity originated in Aryan religious tradition and that Jews had usurped the legend from Aryans. Houston Stewart Chamberlain, an English proponent of racial theory, supported notions of Germanic supremacy and antisemitism in Germany. Chamberlain's work, "Foundations of the Nineteenth Century" (1899) praised Germanic peoples for their creativity and idealism while asserting that the Germanic spirit was threatened by a "Jewish" spirit of selfishness and materialism. Chamberlain used his thesis to promote monarchical conservatism while denouncing democracy, liberalism, and socialism. The book became popular, especially in Germany. Chamberlain stressed the need of a nation to maintain racial purity in order to prevent degeneration, and argued that racial intermingling with Jews should never be permitted. In 1923, Chamberlain met Hitler, whom he admired as a leader of the rebirth of the free spirit.
In Germany, the idea of Jews economically exploiting Germans became prominent upon the foundation of Germany, due to the ascendance of many wealthy Jews into prominent positions upon the unification of Germany in 1871. Empirical evidence demonstrates that from 1871 to the early 20th century, that German Jews were overrepresented in Germany's upper and middle classes, while they were underrepresented in Germany's lower class and particularly in the fields of work of agricultural and industrial labour. German Jewish financiers and bankers played a key role in fostering Germany's economic growth from the 1871 to 1913, and such Jewish financiers and bankers benefited enormously from this boom, in 1908 amongst the twenty-nine wealthiest German families with aggregate fortunes of up to 55 million marks at the time, five of which were Jewish, and the Rothschilds were the second wealthiest German family. The predominance of Jews in Germany's banking, commerce, and industry sectors in this time period was very high with consideration to Jews being estimated to have accounted for 1 percent of the population of Germany. This overrepresentation of Jews in these areas created resentment by non-Jewish Germans during periods of economic crisis such as in response to the 1873 stock market crash that resulted in a severe depression. The 1873 stock market crash and ensuing depression resulted in a spate of attacks on alleged Jewish economic dominance in Germany, and antisemitism surged.
At this time period in the 1870s, German "Völkisch" nationalism began to adopt antisemitic and racist themes and was adopted by a number of radical right political movements.
"The Protocols of the Elders of Zion" (1912) was an antisemitic forgery created by the police of the Russian Empire. Antisemites believed it was real, and the Protocol became widely popular after World War I. "The Protocols" claimed that there was a secret international Jewish conspiracy to take over the world. Hitler had been introduced to "The Protocols" by Alfred Rosenberg, and from 1920 onward, Hitler focused his attacks on claiming that Judaism and Marxism were directly connected; that Jews and Bolsheviks were one and the same, and that Marxism was a Jewish ideology. Hitler believed that "The Protocols" were authentic.
Radical antisemitism was promoted by prominent advocates of "Völkisch" nationalism, including Eugen Diederichs, Paul de Lagarde, and Julius Langbehn. De Lagarde called the Jews a "bacillus, the carrier of decay...who pollute every national culture...and destroy all faith with their materialistic liberalism," and he called for the extermination of the Jews. Langbehn called for a war of annihilation of the Jews; his genocidal policies were published by the Nazis and given to soldiers on the front during World War II.
Johann Gottlieb Fichte accused Jews in Germany of having been, and inevitably continuing to be, a "state within a state" that threatened German national unity. Fichte promoted two options to address this: the first was the creation of a Jewish state in Palestine to impel the Jews to leave Europe. The other option was violence against Jews, saying that the goal would be "...to cut off all their heads in one night, and set new ones on their shoulders, which should not contain a single Jewish idea".
Prior to the Nazi ascension to power, Hitler often blamed moral degradation on "Rassenschande" "racial defilement", or on "bastardization" (literally, "racial shame") —a way to assure his followers of his continuing antisemitism, which had been toned down for popular consumption. Prior to the induction of the Nuremberg Race Laws by the Nazis, many German nationalists such as Roland Freisler strongly supported laws to ban "Rassenschande" between Aryans and Jews as racial treason.
The Nazis claimed that Bismarck was unable to complete German national unification because of Jewish infiltration of the German parliament, and that their abolition of parliament ended the obstacle to unification. Using the "stab in the back" legend, the Nazis accused Jews, and other populaces it considered non-German, of possessing extra-national loyalties, thereby exacerbating German antisemitism about the "Judenfrage" (the Jewish Question), the perennial far right political canard popular when the ethnic Völkisch movement and their politics of Romantic nationalism for establishing a "Großdeutschland" were strong.
Nazism's racial policy positions may have developed from the views of important biologists of the 19th century, including French biologist Jean-Baptiste Lamarck, through Ernst Haeckel's idealist version of Lamarckism and the father of genetics, German botanist Gregor Mendel. However Haeckel's works were later condemned and banned from bookshops and libraries by the Nazis as inappropriate for “National-Socialist formation and education in the Third Reich.” This may have been because of his "monist" atheistic, materialist philosophy which the Nazis disliked. Unlike Darwinian theory, Lamarckian theory officially ranked races in a hierarchy of evolution from apes while Darwinian theory did not grade races in a hierarchy of higher or lower evolution from apes, simply categorising humans as a whole of all as having progressed in evolution from apes. Many Lamarckians viewed "lower" races as having been exposed to debilitating conditions for too long for any significant "improvement" of their condition in the near future. Haeckel utilised Lamarckian theory to describe the existence of interracial struggle and put races on a hierarchy of evolution, ranging from being wholly human to subhuman.
Mendelian inheritance or Mendelism was supported by the Nazis and also mainstream eugenics proponents at the time. The Mendelian theory of inheritance declared that genetic traits and attributes were passed from one generation to another. Proponents of eugenics used Mendelian inheritance theory to demonstrate the transfer of biological illness and impairments from parents to children, including mental disability; others also utilised Mendelian theory to demonstrate the inheritance of social traits, with racialists claiming a racial nature of certain general traits such as inventiveness or criminal behaviour.
Response to World War I and fascism.
During World War I, German sociologist Johann Plenge spoke of the rise of a "National Socialism" in Germany within what he termed the "ideas of 1914" that were a declaration of war against the "ideas of 1789" (the French Revolution). According to Plenge, the "ideas of 1789" that included rights of man, democracy, individualism and liberalism were being rejected in favour of "the ideas of 1914" that included "German values" of duty, discipline, law, and order. Plenge believed that ethnic solidarity ("Volksgemeinschaft") would replace class division and that "racial comrades" would unite to create a socialist society in the struggle of "proletarian" Germany against "capitalist" Britain. He believed that the "Spirit of 1914" manifested itself in the concept of the "People's League of National Socialism". This National Socialism was a form of state socialism that rejected the "idea of boundless freedom" and promoted an economy that would serve the whole of Germany under the leadership of the state. This National Socialism was opposed to capitalism due to the components that were against "the national interest" of Germany, but insisted that National Socialism would strive for greater efficiency in the economy. Plenge advocated an authoritarian rational ruling elite to develop National Socialism through a hierarchical technocratic state. Plenge's ideas formed the basis of Nazism.
Oswald Spengler, a German cultural philosopher, was a major influence on Nazism; although after 1933 Spengler became alienated from Nazism and was later condemned by the Nazis for criticising Adolf Hitler. Spengler's conception of national socialism along with a number of his political views were shared by the Nazis and the Conservative Revolutionary movement. Spengler's views were also popular amongst Italian Fascists, including Benito Mussolini.
Spengler's book "The Decline of the West" (1918) written during the final months of World War I, addressed the claim of decadence of modern European civilisation, which he claimed was caused by atomising and irreligious individualisation and cosmopolitanism. Spengler's major thesis was that a law of historical development of cultures existed involving a cycle of birth, maturity, ageing, and death when it reaches its final form of civilisation. Upon reaching the point of civilisation, a culture will lose its creative capacity and succumb to decadence until the emergence of "barbarians" create a new epoch. Spengler considered the Western world as having succumbed to decadence of intellect, money, cosmopolitan urban life, irreligious life, atomised individualization, and the end of biological fertility as well as "spiritual" fertility. He believed that the "young" German nation as an imperial power would inherit the legacy of Ancient Rome, lead a restoration of value in "blood" and instinct, while the ideals of rationalism would be revealed as absurd.
Spengler's notions of "Prussian socialism" as described in his book "Preussentum und Sozialismus" ("Prussiandom and Socialism", 1919), influenced Nazism and the Conservative Revolutionary movement. Spengler wrote: "The meaning of socialism is that life is controlled not by the opposition between rich and poor, but by the rank that achievement and talent bestow. That is "our" freedom, freedom from the economic despotism of the individual." Spengler adopted the anti-English ideas addressed by Plenge and Sombart during World War I that condemned English liberalism and English parliamentarianism while advocating a national socialism that was free from Marxism and that would connect the individual to the state through corporatist organisation. Spengler claimed that socialistic Prussian characteristics existed across Germany, including creativity, discipline, concern for the greater good, productivity and self-sacrifice. He prescribed war as a necessity, saying "War is the eternal form of higher human existence and states exist for war: they are the expression of the will to war."
Spengler's definition of socialism did not advocate a change to property relations. He denounced Marxism for seeking to train the proletariat to "expropriate the expropriator", the capitalist, and then to let them live a life of leisure on this expropriation. He claimed that "Marxism is the capitalism of the working class" and not true socialism. True socialism, according to Spengler, would be in the form of corporatism, stating that "local corporate bodies organised according to the importance of each occupation to the people as a whole; higher representation in stages up to a supreme council of the state; mandates revocable at any time; no organised parties, no professional politicians, no periodic elections."
Wilhelm Stapel, an antisemitic German intellectual utilized Spengler's thesis on the cultural confrontation between Jews as whom Spengler described as a Magian people versus Europeans as a Faustian people. Stapel described Jews as a landless nomadic people in pursuit of an international culture whereby they can integrate into Western civilisation. As such, Stapel claims that Jews have been attracted to "international" versions of socialism, pacifism, or capitalism, because as a landless people the Jews have transgressed various national cultural boundaries.
Arthur Moeller van den Bruck who initially was the dominant figure of the Conservative Revolutionaries influenced Nazism. He rejected reactionary conservatism, while proposing a new state, that he coined the "Third Reich", which would unite all classes under authoritarian rule. Van den Bruck advocated a combination of the nationalism of the right and the socialism of the left.
Fascism was a major influence on Nazism. The seizure of power by Italian Fascist leader Benito Mussolini in the March on Rome in 1922 drew admiration by Hitler who less than a month later had begun to model himself and the Nazi Party upon Mussolini and the Fascists. Hitler presented the Nazis as a German fascism.
In November 1923, the Nazis attempted a "March on Berlin" modelled upon the March on Rome that resulted in the failed Beer Hall Putsch in Munich. Other Nazis—especially those at the time associated with the party's more radical wing such as Gregor Strasser, Joseph Goebbels and Heinrich Himmler—rejected Italian Fascism, accusing it of being too conservative or capitalist. Alfred Rosenberg condemned Italian Fascism for being racially confused and having influences from philo-Semitism. Strasser criticised the policy of "Führerprinzip" as being created by Mussolini, and considered its presence in Nazism as a foreign imported idea. Throughout the relationship between Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy, a number of lower-ranking Nazis scornfully viewed fascism as a conservative movement that lacked a full revolutionary potential.
Ideology.
Nationalism and racialism.
German Nazism emphasised German nationalism, including both irredentism and expansionism. Nazism held racial theories based upon the belief of the existence of an Aryan master race that was believed to be superior to all other races. The Nazis emphasised the existence of racial conflict between the Aryan race and others, particularly Jews whom the Nazis viewed as a mixed race that had infiltrated multiple societies, and was responsible for exploitation and repression of the Aryan race.
Irredentism and expansionism.
The German Nazi Party supported German irredentist claims to Austria, Alsace-Lorraine, the region now known as the Czech Republic, and the territory since 1919 known as the Polish Corridor. A major policy of the German Nazi Party was "Lebensraum" ("living space") for the German nation based on claims that Germany after World War I was facing an overpopulation crisis and that expansion was needed to end the country's overpopulation within existing confined territory, and provide resources necessary to its people's well-being. Since the 1920s, the Nazi Party publicly promoted the expansion of Germany into territories held by the Soviet Union.
Hitler in his early years as Nazi leader had claimed that he would be willing to accept friendly relations with Russia on the tactical condition that Russia agree to return to the borders established by the German-Russian peace agreement of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk signed by Vladimir Lenin of the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic in 1918 which gave large territories held by Russia to German control in exchange for peace. Hitler in 1921 had commended the Treaty of Brest Litovsk as opening the possibility for restoration of relations between Germany and Russia, saying:
Hitler from 1921 to 1922 evoked rhetoric of both the achievement of lebensraum involving the acceptance of a territorially reduced Russia as well as supporting Russian nationals in overthrowing the Bolshevik government and establishing a new Russian government. However Hitler's attitudes changed by the end of 1922, in which he then supported an alliance of Germany with Britain to destroy Russia. Later Hitler declared how far into Russia he intended to expand Germany to:
Policy for "lebensraum" planned mass expansion of Germany eastwards to the Ural Mountains. Hitler planned for the "surplus" Russian population living west of the Urals were to be deported to the east of the Urals.
Racial theories.
In its racial categorisation, Nazism viewed what it called the Aryan race as the master race of the world—a race that was superior to all other races. It viewed Aryans as being in racial conflict with a mixed race people, the Jews, whom Nazis identified as a dangerous enemy of the Aryans. It also viewed a number of other peoples as dangerous to the well-being of the Aryan race. In order to preserve the perceived racial purity of the Aryan race, a set of race laws were introduced in 1935 which came to be known as the Nuremberg Laws. At first these laws only prevented sexual relations and marriages between Germans and Jews, but were later extended to the "Gypsies, Negroes and their bastard offspring", who were described by the Nazis as people of "alien blood". Such relations between Aryans (cf. Aryan certificate) and non-Aryans were now punishable under the race laws as "Rassenschande" or "race defilement". After the war began, the race defilement law was extended to include all foreigners (non-Germans). At the bottom of the racial scale of non-Aryans were Jews, Romani, and blacks. To maintain the "purity and strength" of the Aryan race, the Nazis eventually sought to exterminate Jews, Romani, and the physically and mentally disabled. Other groups deemed "degenerate" and "asocial" who were not targeted for extermination, but received exclusionary treatment by the Nazi state, included homosexuals, blacks, Jehovah's Witnesses and political opponents. One of Hitler's ambitions at the start of the war was to exterminate, expel, or enslave most or all Slavs from central and eastern Europe in order to make living space for German settlers.
In Nazi Germany, the idea of creating a master-race resulted in efforts to "purify' the "Deutsche Volk" through eugenics; its culmination was compulsory sterilization or involuntary euthanasia of physically or mentally disabled people. The name given after World War II for the euthanasia programme is Action T4. The ideological justification was Adolf Hitler's view of Sparta (11th century – 195 BC) as the original "Völkisch" state; he praised their dispassionate destruction of congenitally deformed infants in maintaining racial purity: Despite the policies against non-Aryans some of them were enlisted into Nazi organisations like the Hitler Youth and the "Wehrmacht", including Germans of African descent and Jewish descent. The Nazis began to implement "racial hygiene" policies as soon as they came to power. The July 1933 "Law for the Prevention of Hereditarily Diseased Offspring" prescribed compulsory sterilisation for people with a range of conditions thought to be hereditary, such as schizophrenia, epilepsy, Huntington's chorea and "imbecility". Sterilisation was also mandated for chronic alcoholism and other forms of social deviance. An estimated 360,000 people were sterilised under this law between 1933 and 1939. Although some Nazis suggested that the programme should be extended to people with physical disabilities, such ideas had to be expressed carefully, given that some Nazis had physical disabilities, for example one of the most powerful figures of the regime, Joseph Goebbels, had a deformed right leg.
Nazi racial theorist Hans F. K. Günther identified the Aryan race in Europe as having five subtype races: Nordic, Mediterranean, Dinaric, Alpine, and East Baltic. Günther applied a Nordicist conception that Nordics were the highest in the racial hierarchy amongst these five Aryan subtype races. In his book "Rassenkunde des deutschen Volkes" (1922) ("Racial Science of the German People"), Günther recognised Germans as being composed of all five Aryan subtypes, but emphasised the strong Nordic heritage amongst Germans. Hitler read "Rassenkunde des deutschen Volkes" that influenced his racial policy.
The Nazis described Jews as being racially-mixed group of primarily Near Eastern and Oriental racial types. As such racial groups were concentrated outside of Europe, the Nazis claimed that Jews were "racially alien" to all European peoples and did not have deep racial roots in Europe. Furthermore the Nazis' assertion of Near Eastern and Oriental racial mixture as well as other mixtures such as elements of the Mediterranean race made Jews a hybrid race with strong non-European heritage, and the Nazis believed that such a population in Europe had to be kept as low as possible.
Günther empathised Jews' Near Eastern racial heritage. Günther claimed the Near Eastern type were commercially spirited and artful traders, that the type held strong psychological manipulation skills that aided them in trade. He claimed that the Near Eastern race had been "bred not so much for the conquest and exploitation of nature as it was for the conquest and exploitation of people". Günther described that European peoples had a racially-motivated aversion to peoples of Near Eastern racial origin and their traits, and showed as evidence of this multiple examples of depictions of satanic figures with Near Eastern physiognomies in European art. Günther cited the origins of the Jews as being the result of two migrations of the Hebrews—a people who were of Oriental racial heritage. The first migration was that of the Hebrews arriving into Egypt where he claimed the Hebrews had intermixed with peoples of Negroid and Hamitic racial heritage. The second migration brought the Hebrews/Israelites into Canaan where they intermixed with the Canaanites who were largely of Near Eastern racial heritage but also had some Nordic heritage. He identified further intermixing between Israelites and the Near Eastern type as occurring after Babylonia exiled the Israelites. He asserted that in the 6th century B.C. the standardisation of Judaism began the creation of the Jewish people, and practice of exogamy between Jews and non-Jews solidified this identity. Günther identified the most major alteration of racial composition of Jews after the 6th century B.C., was the mass conversion of the Khazars to Judaism in the 8th century. The Khazars were deemed primarily of Near Eastern racial origin. Günther identified this mass conversion of the Khazars to Judaism as creating the two major branches of the Jewish people, those of primarily Near Eastern racial heritage became the Ashkenazi Jews (that he called Eastern Jews) while those of primarily Oriental racial heritage became the Sephardic Jews (that he called Southern Jews).
During World War II, the Nazis emphasised that Jews were a "race mixture" of the Near Eastern and Oriental races, but did not say that the Near Eastern and Oriental races on their own were a problem in their view; and said that while Nazism was anti-Jewish that term "antisemitic" was not wholly accurate, as Nazism did not have antipathy to non-Jewish Semitic peoples, but towards Jews as a racially mixed Near Eastern-Oriental-Mediterranean people.
Hitler's conception of the Aryan "Herrenvolk" ("Aryan master race") excluded the vast majority of Slavs from central and eastern Europe (i.e., Poles, Russians, Ukrainians, etc.), regarding the Slavs as having dangerous Jewish and Asiatic influences. The Nazis because of this declared Slavs to be "untermenschen" (subhumans). Exceptions were made for a small percentage of Slavs who were seen to be descended from German settlers and therefore fit to be Germanised to be considered part of the Aryan master race. Hitler described Slavs as "a mass of born slaves who feel the need of a master". The Nazi notion of Slavs being inferior served as legitimising their goal for creating "lebensraum" for Germans and other Germanic people in eastern Europe, where millions of Germans and other Germanic settlers would be moved into conquered territories of Eastern Europe, while the original Slavic inhabitants were to be annihilated, removed, or enslaved. Nazi Germany's policy changed towards Slavs in response to military manpower shortages, in which it accepted Slavs to serve in its armed forces within occupied territories, in spite of them being considered subhuman.
Hitler declared that racial conflict against Jews was necessary to save Germany from suffering under them and dismissed concerns about such conflict being inhumane or an injustice:
We may be inhumane, but if we rescue Germany we have achieved the greatest deed in the world. We may work injustice, but if we rescue Germany then we have removed the greatest injustice in the world. We may be immoral, but if our people is rescued we have opened the way for morality.
Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels frequently employed antisemitic rhetoric to underline this view: "The Jew is the enemy and destroyer of the purity of blood, the conscious destroyer of our race ... As socialists, we are opponents of the Jews, because we see, in the Hebrews, the incarnation of capitalism, of the misuse of the nation's goods." 
Social class.
Nazism rejected the Marxist concept of internationalist class struggle, but supported "class struggle between nations", and sought to resolve internal class struggle in the nation while it identified Germany as a proletarian nation fighting against plutocratic nations.
In 1922, Adolf Hitler discredited other nationalist and racialist political parties as disconnected from the mass populace, especially lower and working-class young people:
Despite many working-class supporters and members, the appeal of the Nazi Party was arguably more effective with the middle class. Moreover, the financial collapse of the white collar middle-class of the 1920s figures much in their strong support of Nazism, thus the great percentage of declared middle-class support for the Nazis. In the poor country that was the Weimar Republic of the early 1930s, the Nazi Party realised their socialist policies with food and shelter for the unemployed and the homeless—later recruited to the Brownshirt "Sturmabteilung" (SA – Storm Detachment).
Sex and gender.
Nazi ideology advocated excluding women from political involvement and confining them to the spheres of "Kinder, Küche, Kirche" (Children, Kitchen, Church).
Since the Nazis at the beginning of the war extended the "Rassenschande" (race defilement) law to all foreigners, pamphlets were issued to German women to avoid sexual relations with foreign workers brought to Germany and view them as a danger to their blood. Although the law was punishable to both genders, German women were targeted more for having sexual relations with foreign forced laborers in Germany. After the Polish decrees came intact, Himmler ordered in 1940:
A decree ordered by Heydrich on 20 February 1942 declared that sexual intercourse between a German woman and a Russian worker or prisoner of war would result in the Russian man being punished by the death penalty. A further decree on 7 December 1942 stated any "authorized sexual intercourse" would result in the death penalty. German women who were found guilty of race defilement were forced to have their heads shaven off in public, and the possibility of incarceration in a concentration camp. When Himmler reportedly asked Hitler what the punishment should be for German girls and German women who have been found guilty of race defilement with prisoners of war (POWs) he ordered "every POW who has relations with a German girl or a German would be shot" and the German woman should be publicly humiliated by "having her hair shorn and being sent to a concentration camp".
The League of German Girls was particularly regarded as instructing girls to avoid race defilement, which was treated with particular importance for young females.
Opposition to homosexuality.
After the Night of the Long Knives, Hitler promoted Himmler and the SS, who then zealously suppressed homosexuality, saying: "We must exterminate these people root and branch ... the homosexual must be eliminated." In 1936, Himmler established the "Reichszentrale zur Bekämpfung der Homosexualität und Abtreibung" ("Reich Central Office for the Combating of Homosexuality and Abortion"). The Nazi régime incarcerated some 100,000 homosexuals during the 1930s. As concentration camp prisoners, homosexual men were forced to wear pink triangle badges. Nazi ideology still viewed German gay men as part of the Aryan master race but attempted to force them into sexual and social conformity. Gay men who would not change or feign a change in their sexual orientation were sent to concentration camps under the "Extermination Through Work" campaign.
Religion.
The Nazi Party Programme of 1920 guaranteed freedom for all religious denominations not hostile to the State and endorsed Positive Christianity to combat “the Jewish-materialist spirit”. It was a modified version of Christianity which emphasised racial purity and nationalism. The Nazis were aided by theologians, such as, Ernst Bergmann. Bergmann, in his work, "Die 25 Thesen der Deutschreligion" (Twenty-five Points of the German Religion), held that the Old Testament and portions of the New Testament of the Bible were inaccurate. He claimed that Jesus was not a Jew and of Aryan origin, and that Adolf Hitler was the new messiah.
Hitler denounced the Old Testament as "Satan's Bible", and utilising components of the New Testament attempted to demonstrate that Jesus was Aryan and antisemitic, such as in John 8:44 where Hitler noted that Jesus is yelling at "the Jews", as well as Jesus saying to the Jews that "your father is the devil", and describing Jesus' whipping of the "Children of the Devil". Hitler claimed that the New Testament included distortions by Paul the Apostle, whom Hitler described as a "mass-murderer turned saint".
The Nazis utilised Protestant Martin Luther in their propaganda. Nazis publicly displayed an original of Luther's "On the Jews and their Lies" during the annual Nuremberg rallies. The Nazis endorsed the pro-Nazi Protestant German Christians organisation.
The Nazis were initially highly hostile to Catholics because most Catholics supported the German Centre Party. Catholics opposed the Nazis' promotion of sterilisation of those deemed inferior, and the Catholic Church forbade its members to vote for the Nazis. In 1933, extensive Nazi violence occurred against Catholics due to the their association with the Centre Party and their opposition to the Nazi regime's sterilisation laws. The Nazis demanded that Catholics declare their loyalty to the German state. In propaganda, the Nazis used elements of Germany's Catholic history, in particular the German Catholic Teutonic Knights and their campaigns in Eastern Europe. The Nazis identified them as "sentinels" in the East against "Slavic chaos", though beyond that symbolism the influence of the Teutonic Knights on Nazism was limited. Hitler also admitted that the Nazis' night rallies were inspired by the Catholic rituals he witnessed during his Catholic upbringing. The Nazis did seek official reconciliation with the Catholic Church and endorsed the creation of the pro-Nazi Catholic "Kreuz und Adler" organisation that supported a national Catholicism. On 20 July 1933, a successful concordat ("Reichskonkordat") was signed between Nazi Germany and the Catholic Church which demanded loyalty of German Catholics to the German state in exchange for acceptance of the Catholic Church in Germany. The Catholic Church then ended its ban on members supporting the Nazi Party.
Historian Michael Burleigh claims that Nazism used Christianity for political purposes, but such use required that "fundamental tenets were stripped out, but the remaining diffuse religious emotionality had its uses". Burleigh claims that Nazism's conception of spirituality was "self-consciously pagan and primitive". However, historian Roger Griffin rejects the claim that Nazism was primarily pagan, noting that although there were some influential neo-paganists in the Nazi Party, such as Heinrich Himmler and Alfred Rosenberg, they represented a minority and their views did not influence Nazi ideology beyond its use for symbolism; it's noted that Hitler denounced Germanic paganism in "Mein Kampf" and condemned Rosenberg's and Himmler's paganism as "nonsense".
Economics.
Hitler had little interest in money or economics in general. After he became "Reichskanzler" on 30 January 1933 he never touched his salary from the state. At the national level, Hitler left the subject to others. In the early days of the Nazi government Alfred Hugenberg, the party leader of the conservative German-National party, DNVP, was the Minister of Finance—the "Reichswirtschaftsminister". He continued to serve in this position for a short time even after all parties except the NSDAP were prohibited in March 1933. In June Hugenberg was replaced by Kurt Schmitt, a man that had joined the Nazi Party in late spring of 1933. Schmitt's time in office was also short and in 1934 the president of the national German bank Hjalmar Schacht become the third man responsible for the economy of Nazi Germany. He lasted until 1938 when the first real Nazi, Walther Funk was appointed to the position. Afterwards, Schacht remained minister without portfolio until he was put in a concentration camp in 1944. Schacht survived and was later put on trial in Nürmberg where he was found "not guilty" on all counts. During Walther Funk's era as Minister of Finance, he had to follow a "four year plan" created by Herman Göring. Although this was not possible due to the war and the incompetence of Göring (who was often in conflict over the economy with Armaments Minister Albert Speer), the fall of the Third Reich had little to do with economics.
Hitler believed that private ownership was useful in that it encouraged creative competition and technical innovation, but insisted that it had to conform to national interests and be "productive" rather than "parasitical". Private property rights were conditional upon the economic mode of use; if it did not advance Nazi economic goals then the state could nationalise it. Although the Nazis privatised public properties and public services, they also increased economic state control. Under Nazi economics, free competition and self-regulating markets diminished; nevertheless, Hitler's social Darwinist beliefs made him reluctant to entirely disregard business competition and private property as economic engines.
To tie farmers to their land, selling agricultural land was prohibited. Farm ownership was nominally private, but discretion over operations and residual income were proscribed. That was achieved by granting business monopoly rights to marketing boards to control production and prices with a quota system.
The Nazis sought to gain support of workers by declaring May Day, a day celebrated by organised labour, to be a paid holiday and held celebrations on 1 May 1933 to honour German workers. The Nazis stressed that Germany must honour its workers. The regime believed that the only way to avoid a repeat of the disaster of 1918 was to secure workers' support for the German government. The Nazis wanted all Germans take part in the May Day celebrations in the hope that this would help break down class hostility between workers and burghers. Songs in praise of labour and workers were played by state radio throughout May Day as well as an air show in Berlin and fireworks. Hitler spoke of workers as patriots who had built Germany's industrial strength and had honourably served in the war and claimed that they had been oppressed under economic liberalism. "Berliner Morgenpost" that had been strongly associated with the political left in the past praised the regime's May Day celebrations.
Bonfires were made of school children's differently coloured caps as symbolic of the abolition of class differences.
The Nazis continued social welfare policies initiated by the governments of the Weimar Republic and mobilised volunteers to assist those impoverished, "racially-worthy" Germans through the National Socialist People's Welfare organisation. This organisation oversaw charitable activities, and became the largest civic organization in Nazi Germany. Successful efforts were made to get middle-class women involved in social work assisting large families. The Winter Relief campaigns acted as a ritual to generate public feeling.
Anti-communism.
Historians Ian Kershaw and Joachim Fest argue that in post-World War I Germany, the Nazis were one of many nationalist and fascist political parties contending for the leadership of Germany's anti-communist movement. The Nazis claimed that communism was dangerous to the well-being of nations because of its intention to dissolve private property, its support of class conflict, its aggression against the middle class, its hostility towards small businessmen, and its atheism. Nazism rejected class conflict-based socialism and economic egalitarianism, favouring instead a stratified economy with social classes based on merit and talent, retaining private property, and the creation of national solidarity that transcends class distinction.
During the 1920s, Hitler urged disparate Nazi factions to unite in opposition to "Jewish Marxism". Hitler asserted that the "three vices" of "Jewish Marxism" were democracy, pacifism and internationalism.
In 1930, Hitler said: "Our adopted term 'Socialist' has nothing to do with Marxist Socialism. Marxism is anti-property; true Socialism is not." In 1942, Hitler privately said: "I absolutely insist on protecting private property ... we must encourage private initiative".
During the late 1930s and the 1940s, anti-communist regimes and groups that supported Nazism included the Falange in Spain; the Vichy regime and the 33rd Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS Charlemagne (1st French) in France; and in Britain the Cliveden Set, Lord Halifax, the British Union of Fascists under Sir Oswald Mosley, and associates of Neville Chamberlain.
Anti-capitalism.
The Nazis argued that capitalism damages nations due to international finance, the economic dominance of big business, and Jewish influences. Nazi propaganda posters in working class districts emphasised anti-capitalism, such as one that said: "The maintenance of a rotten industrial system has nothing to do with nationalism. I can love Germany and hate capitalism."
Adolf Hitler, both in public and in private, expressed disdain for capitalism, arguing that it holds nations ransom in the interests of a parasitic cosmopolitan rentier class. He opposed free market capitalism's profit-seeking impulses and desired an economy in which community interests would be upheld.
Hitler distrusted capitalism for being unreliable due to its egotism, and he preferred a state-directed economy that is subordinated to the interests of the Volk. Hitler said in 1927, "We are socialists, we are enemies of today's capitalistic economic system for the exploitation of the economically weak, with its unfair salaries, with its unseemly evaluation of a human being according to wealth and property instead of responsibility and performance, and we are determined to destroy this system under all conditions."
Hitler told a party leader in 1934, "The economic system of our day is the creation of the Jews." Hitler said to Benito Mussolini that "Capitalism had run its course". Hitler also said that the business bourgeoisie "know nothing except their profit. 'Fatherland' is only a word for them." Hitler was personally disgusted with the ruling bourgeois elites of Germany during the period of the Weimar Republic, who he referred to as "cowardly shits".
In "Mein Kampf", Hitler effectively supported mercantilism, in the belief that economic resources from their respective territories should be seized by force; he believed that the policy of "Lebensraum" would provide Germany with such economically valuable territories. He argued that the only means to maintain economic security was to have direct control over resources rather than being forced to rely on world trade. He claimed that war to gain such resources was the only means to surpass the failing capitalist economic system.
A number of other Nazis held strong revolutionary socialist and anti-capitalist beliefs, most prominently Ernst Röhm, the leader of the Sturmabteilung (SA). Röhm claimed that the Nazis' rise to power constituted a national revolution, but insisted that a socialist "second revolution" was required for Nazi ideology to be fulfilled. Röhm's SA began attacks against individuals deemed to be associated with conservative reaction. Hitler saw Röhm's independent actions as violating and possibly threatening his leadership, as well as jeopardising the regime by alienating the conservative President Paul von Hindenburg and the conservative-oriented German Army. This resulted in Hitler purging Röhm and other radical members of the SA.
Another radical Nazi, Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels had stressed the socialist character of Nazism, and claimed in his diary in the 1920s that if he were to pick between Bolshevism and capitalism, he said "in final analysis", "it would be better for us to go down with Bolshevism than live in eternal slavery under capitalism."
Totalitarianism.
Under Nazism, with its emphasis on the nation, individual needs were subordinate to those of the wider community. Hitler declared that "every activity and every need of every individual will be regulated by the collectivity represented by the party" and that "there are no longer any free realms in which the individual belongs to himself". Himmler justified the establishment of a repressive police state, in which the security forces could exercise power arbitrarily, as national security and order should take precedence over the needs of the individual.
Post-war Nazism.
Following Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II and the end of the Holocaust, overt expressions of support for Nazi ideas were prohibited in Germany and other European countries. Nonetheless movements that self-identify as National Socialist or are described as adhering to National Socialism continue to exist on the fringes of politics in many western societies. Usually espousing a white supremacist ideology, many deliberately adopt the symbols of Nazi Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31045330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045330" title="Badminton at the 2001 Southeast Asian Games">
Badminton at the 2001 Southeast Asian Games

A badminton tournament was held at the 2001 Southeast Asian Games in Kuala Lumpur.

</doc>
<doc id="31045357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045357" title="Dalheim Ricciacum">
Dalheim Ricciacum

Dalheim Ricciacum is the site of a Gallo-Roman vicus at Dalheim in south western Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Founded during the reign of the Emperor Augustus, the site was at a strategic point on the Via Agrippa, the main Roman road from the Mediterranean to the Rhine. The well-preserved theatre dating from the 2nd century AD could accommodate 3,500 people.
The digs.
The site was first excavated by the "Société Archéologique" around 1850 under Antoine Namur (1812–1828). Thousands of objects were discovered, registered and described in three reports. More systematic excavations were carried out by the National Museum of History and Art over a 30-year period starting in the 1980s.
It appears that the settlement grew considerably until by the 3rd century it covered an area of about . In addition to the theatre there were private houses and large public buildings including a hostel, several temples and baths. There were also two large cemeteries. The findings indicate the population consisted of artisans and merchants. One of the more important finds was a magnificent temple measuring 28 by 19 metres. It dates from Emperor Hadrian's reign, about 130 AD.
Time frame.
Important dates in connection with the Vicus Ricciacum are:
Eagle monument.
The eagle monument commemorates the old Roman town Ricciacum and is also the symbol of Dalheim. The huge stone blocks forming the solid base of the monument were excavated in the 19th century, not far from their present location. The blocks no doubt date back to Roman times (middle of the 3rd century). They may have been removed from the Roman theatre in order to serve as the foundations of a "burgus" or defensive watchtower. The monument itself was built by the Archaeological Society of Luxembourg. On 28 May 1855, the groundbreaking ceremony was held in the presence of William III of the Netherlands who was also Grand Duke of Luxembourg. The memorial commemorates the presence of the Romans on Dalheim's Petzel plateau. Standing on a globe, the eagle seems to be looking in the direction of Trier while its body is facing Metz, symbolizing the old road from Metz to Trier.
Ricciacum.
Not everyone agrees that Ricciacum is in fact Dalheim. Charles Marie Ternes maintains there is little to support the association which is based solely on the Tabula Peutingeriana map which bears the inscriptions:
meaning:
Unfortunately, the Tabula Peutingeriana was copied, not very reliably, by 13th century monks from a Roman original. Ternes argues that Caranusca and Ricciacum could equally well be situated on the Roman road from Metz to Trier on the south side of the Moselle and that, in any case, there appear to be errors in the calculations. Whatever the case, the label Ricciacum has now been adopted to describe the site at Dalheim.

</doc>
<doc id="31045358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045358" title="Badminton at the 1999 Southeast Asian Games">
Badminton at the 1999 Southeast Asian Games

A badminton tournament was held at the 1999 Southeast Asian Games in Bandar Seri Begawan.

</doc>
<doc id="31045361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045361" title="John Fawcett (organist)">
John Fawcett (organist)

John Fawcett the younger (1825?–1857), was an English organist.
Fawcett was the third son of John Fawcett. Fawctt studied music under his father. He was organist of St. John's Church, Farnworth, Lancashire from 1825 till 1842, and afterwards (until his death) of Bolton parish church, a post which had previously been held by an elder brother, and which was taken by a sister for a year in the interval of Fawcett's visit to London. Here he entered the Royal Academy of Music on 5 December 1845, to study under Sterndale Bennett, and became organist at Earl Howe's Curzon Street church. 
On his return to Bolton, Fawcett resumed his duties as organist, teacher, and (1849) honorary conductor of the Bolton Harmonic Society. He obtained the degree of Mus. Bac. at Oxford University on 3 November 1852. His exercise, a sacred cantata, ‘Supplication and Thanksgiving,’ was performed at the Music School, the composer conducting, and was published by subscription in 1856. This well-written cantata is the most important of Fawcett's compositions. He died in Manchester on 1 July 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="31045365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045365" title="Tragia durbanensis">
Tragia durbanensis

The Stinging Nettle Creeper (Tragia durbanensis) Kuntze is a twining herb in the family Euphorbiaceae, with a restricted distribution in southern Africa. There are some 150 species in the genus "Tragia". 
Distribution and habitat.
It is native to the coastal areas of Mozambique and eastern coastal areas of South Africa. These plants are found in dune forest, in woodland and on forest margins. 
Description.
A much-branched climbing perennial herb, with twining stems up to 2.5 m originating from a woody rootstock. The leaves are hairless or thinly hairy with serrated margins. The hairs sting fiercely. Inflorescences are up to 5.5 cm long with peduncles up to 2 cm long. The inflorescences are composed mostly of tiny male flowers with 1–2 female flowers below or else all male.
Ecological significance.
This species is one of the larval foodplants of four species of butterfly; "Eurytela hiarbas", "Eurytela dryope", "Byblia ilithyia" and "Byblia anvatara".

</doc>
<doc id="31045370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045370" title="Palakkad Junction railway station">
Palakkad Junction railway station

Palakkad Junction (Formerly known as Olavakkod Junction, STN CODE:PGT) is second largest railway station in Kerala state, India situated in the city of Palakkad. It is located at 4 km from Palakkad Municipal Bus Terminus. The station falls in the Palakkad railway division of the Southern Railway zone of the Indian Railways.
Palakkad Junction is the terminating point for the Palakkad-Pollachi rail line. The other station serving the city is Palakkad Town Railway Station. The station is served by 4 platforms, Platforms 1 and 2 are used for trains going towards Shoranur and Thrissur and 3 and 4 are majorly used for trains going towards Podanur side. Also a MEMU shed operating in this station to maintain the suburban trains running between Shornur and Erode. Palakkad railway junction is one of the cleanest stations of Kerala. It is also one of the longest platforms in Southern Railway with Platform No:2 extending just beyond 1 kilometer. With inclusion in the list of stations to be upgraded its poised to become ultra-modern in coming years.
Olavakkode is located on NH 213 which connects Palakkad to Kozhikode.

</doc>
<doc id="31045371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045371" title="O2 Academy">
O2 Academy

The O2 Academy may refer to one of a number of Academy Music Group venues in the United Kingdom (in alphabetical order):

</doc>
<doc id="31045395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045395" title="Ambulyx interplacida">
Ambulyx interplacida

Ambulyx interplacida is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from south-eastern China (Jiangxi and Hunan).
The wingspan is 112-120 mm. It is similar to "Ambulyx semiplacida", but there is no violet tinge on the forewing upperside and the wing undersides are more reddish. There are also distinct differences in the male genitalia.

</doc>
<doc id="31045404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045404" title="John Evelyn (disambiguation)">
John Evelyn (disambiguation)

John Evelyn (1620–1706) was an English writer.
John Evelyn is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31045411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045411" title="Hugh Bellamy">
Hugh Bellamy

Brigadier Hugh Bellamy CBE DSO (8 December 1910 - 27 November 1972) was a senior British Army officer who commanded the 6th Airlanding Brigade during the Rhine Crossing on 24 March 1945 and in the advance across Germany during the Second World War.
Born Robert Hugh Bellamy, he was educated at Sherborne School, a British boys' independent school, and then at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
Bellamy was commissioned into the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry in 1930. He served in France in 1940 and was mentioned in despatches. He was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in 1943. He served in Northwest Europe during 1944 and 1945 and was awarded the DSO in 1944.
Bellamy was promoted to Brigadier in January 1945 and took over command of 6th Airlanding Brigade, part of 6th Airborne Division. He commanded the Brigade during Operation Varsity, the air assault landing over the Rhine on 24 March 1945, and during the advance across Germany to the Baltic. He was awarded a Bar to his DSO in 1945.
Bellamy remained in command of 6th Airlanding Brigade following its move to Palestine in 1945 and was mentioned in despatches again. He commanded the 2nd Parachute Brigade in Palestine and the British Army of the Rhine (BAOR) from 1946 to 1948. He was Deputy Director of Weapons Development at the War Office from 1950 to 1952. He was Deputy General Officer Commanding Hong Kong and General Officer Commanding 40th Infantry Division from 1954 to 1956. Bellamy was appointed CBE in 1956. He was Chief of Staff, 1 Corps (BAOR) from 1956 to 1958. He retired from the British Army in 1958, and lived in Belgravia, London.
He married Kathleen Louisa Isabel Lascelles in 1940 with whom he was to have one son and one daughter. The marriage was dissolved in 1953.
Brigadier Hugh Bellamy CBE DSO died on 27 November 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31045422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045422" title="Capability–expectations gap">
Capability–expectations gap

In 1993, Christopher Hill published an influential article on what he called Europe's "capability–expectations gap". In it, he analysed the international role of the European Community (EC) and identified a gap between what it had been talked up to do and what the EC was actually able to deliver. saw the capability–expectations gap as having three primary components, namely, the ability to agree, resource availability, and the instruments at the European Communities' disposal. Hill took a pragmatic approach, choosing to conceptualize the patterns of activity – as opposed to the more ambitious task of theorizing Europe's international role. Leapfrogging questions of theoretical perspective and actorness, Hill directed the reader's attention to a gap between what the EC had been talked up to do and what it was able to deliver in terms of foreign policies, thereby sketching "a more realistic picture of what the Community ... does in the world". Hill argued that if the gap is to be closed, the notion of a European foreign policy must be grounded in demonstrated behaviour rather than potential and aspirations. For this, the EU will require credible capabilities. It is not sufficient to simply amass the power tools: the political unit must also possess the institutions to mobilize them and the decisionmaking mechanisms to command them. The alternative, of course, is to simply lower expectations. Over time, Hill's analysis has inspired a great many scholars making 'the capability–expectations gap' a staple of European Studies, a sub-discipline of International Relations.

</doc>
<doc id="31045460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045460" title="Badminton at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games">
Badminton at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games

A badminton tournament was held at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games in Jakarta.

</doc>
<doc id="31045461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045461" title="John Evelyn the Younger">
John Evelyn the Younger

John Evelyn the younger (1655–1699) was an English translator.
Life.
Evelyn was the third but eldest surviving son of John Evelyn, born 19 January 1655. On 13 December 1660 his father presented him to the queen mother, who made much of him. Until 1662 he was ‘brought up amongst Mr. Howard's children at Arundel House.’ In 1665 Edmund Bohun became his tutor. Early in 1667, he was sent still young to Trinity College, Oxford, under Ralph Bathurst.
He left Oxford in March 1669, and was admitted of the Middle Temple 2 May 1672. On 29 March 1673 his father took him to see Peter Gunning, bishop of Chichester, who gave him instruction and advice ‘before he received the Holy Sacrament.’ On 25 May of the same year he became a younger brother of Trinity House, and on 10 November 1675 he went to France in the suite of the ambassador Lord Berkeley, returning in May of the next year.
In December 1687 Evelyn was employed in Devon by the treasury, as a commissioner respecting ‘concealment of land.’ Just a year later he was presented to William, Prince of Orange at Abingdon by Colonel Sidney and Colonel Berkeley. As a volunteer in John Lovelace, 3rd Baron Lovelace's troop he helped to secure Oxford for William.
In 1690 he purchased the chief clerkship of the treasury, but was removed within a year. He acted as a commissioner of revenue in Ireland from 1692 to 1696. He returned home seriously ill, and died in Berkeley Street, London, 24 March 1699, in his father's lifetime.
Works.
Evelyn translated the following works:
To the third edition of his father's "Sylva" (1678) Evelyn contributed some prefatory Greek hexameters, written at the age of fifteen; and in the last chapter the second book of his version of René Rapin's "Hortorum Liber" was reprinted. Several poems by him are printed in John Dryden's ‘Miscellanies’ and in John Nichols's ‘Collection of Poems.’
Family.
Evelyn married, in 1679, Martha, daughter and coheiress of Richard Spenser, a Turkey merchant. She died 13 September 1726. By her he had two sons and three daughters, but only a son, John, and a daughter, Elizabeth (wife of Simon Harcourt, son of Simon Harcourt, 1st Viscount Harcourt), survived infancy.
The son John, born 1 March 1682, married, 18 September 1750, Anne, daughter of Edward Boscawen of Cornwall, was made a baronet 30 July 1713, built a library at the family seat of Wotton House, was a fellow of the Royal Society, and commissioner of customs, and died 18 July 1763. His grandson Sir Frederick Evelyn, a soldier, died without issue in 1812, and his estates fell to his widow, Mary, daughter of William Turton of Staffordshire, who bequeathed them on her death in 1817 to John Evelyn, a direct descendant of George Evelyn (1530–1603), and grandfather of William John Evelyn. Sir John, a first cousin of Sir Frederick, was fourth baronet, and with the death of this Sir John's brother Hugh, in 1848, the baronetcy became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="31045509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045509" title="Jenny Spain">
Jenny Spain

Jenny Spain (born July 2, 1980 in San Diego, California) is an American actress of Spanish descent. Her mother is a singer and her father is a mechanical engineer.
In 2007, Spain appeared in her first short film "All The Girls Fake", which won an award at East Lansing Film Festival. She played the title role in the 2008 movie "Deadgirl".

</doc>
<doc id="31045521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045521" title="Kiril Andreev">
Kiril Andreev

Kiril Andreev () (born 29 December 1983) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for FC Vihren Sandanski as a midfielder

</doc>
<doc id="31045522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045522" title="Edsbyns IF FF">
Edsbyns IF FF

Edsbyns IF FF is a Swedish football club located in Edsbyn in Ovanåker Municipality in Sweden.
Background.
Edsbyns IF, founded on 6 June 1909, is a sports club in Edsbyn. The bandy section of the club was founded as late as in 1925 and in 2000 the section was formally made a club of its own. 
Since their foundation Edsbyns IF FF has participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 3 Södra Norrland which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Öns IP in Edsbyn.
Edsbyns IF FF are affiliated to Hälsinglands Fotbollförbund.
Recent History.
In recent seasons Edsbyns IF FF have competed in the following divisions:
2011 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2010 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2009 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2008 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2007 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2006 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2005 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2004 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2003 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2002 - Division IV, Hälsingland
2001 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2000 - Division III, Södra Norrland
1999 - Division II, Östra Svealand
1998 - Division III, Södra Norrland
1997 - Division IV, Hälsingland
1996 - Division IV, Hälsingland
1995 - Division IV, Hälsingland
1994 - Division IV, Hälsingland
1993 - Division V, Hälsingland
Attendances.
In recent seasons Edsbyns IF FF have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="31045545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045545" title="Paris School of Business">
Paris School of Business

The Paris School of Business is a business school in Paris, France which offers BBA, MBA, MSc, DBA and executive education courses in English. The school is part of Pole ESG, a network of seven business schools in Paris with a combined alumni of 26 000.
Presentation.
Paris School of Business is the international school of Groupe ESG. Located in Paris, all courses are taught entirely in English. There are more than 200 students in the school and 100 graduates each year, from Bachelor to Doctorate.
Teaching Style.
The school does not provide typical French higher education programmes, but instead offers BBA and MBA courses in English accredited by the International Assembly for Collegiate Business Education (IACBE). The dean of the school, Dr George Nurdin, is also vice-chairman of the IACBE.
Rankings.
Paris School of Business is one of the World's leading Business school. The MBA programs have received recognition from SMBG Eduniversal in 2011 which ranked its full-time MBA program number 8 among those in France requiring no work experience and from CEO Magazine (the magazine publication of International Graduate Forum) in 2012 which ranked it as a "tier one" MBA school. It is absent from the better known ranking of business schools, including those of Eduniversal [http://www.eduniversal-ranking.com/business-school-university-ranking-in-france.html].
International Partnerships.
Students of the International MBA program can optionally include a period of study at a number of partner institutions, including
Publications.
The Paris School of Business has also published a series of three books on business management with the L'Harmattan collection called "Un autre regard" which can be translated as "Another look" or "A different perspective".

</doc>
<doc id="31045547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045547" title="Thomas Humphrey Paget">
Thomas Humphrey Paget

Thomas Humphrey Paget OBE (13 August 1893 – May 1974) was a well-known English medal and coin designer and modeller. 
Paget's designs are indicated by the initials 'HP'.
Paget was first approached by the Royal Mint in 1936 after the accession of King Edward VIII. Paget's recommendation had come via his earlier design for the obverse of a medal featuring the then-Prince of Wales. After some controversy regarding the direction the monarch was to face on the coinage (it had been tradition for each successive monarch to face in the opposite direction to the predecessor; Edward felt that the features of his left were better than his right), Paget's work was approved in two slightly differing designs: one for silver and another for non-silver. However Edward's abdication meant that, apart from a few trial dies, Paget's designs never reached the minting stage.
A measure of the success of the Edward portrait can be seen in the fact that Paget alone was commissioned to design George VI's effigy in 1937. He is the only artist to have a second obverse design approved for use in sterling coinage in the 20th century. The portrait of George VI has since been described as "the classic coinage head of the 20th century".
He was awarded the O.B.E. (Civil) in the King's Birthday Honours of 1948. His O.B.E. was gazetted in the Supplement to The London Gazette, Number 38311 [http://www.london-gazette.co.uk/issues/38311/pages/3377], Page 3377, published on 4 June 1948.
Paget's later work included an effigy of King Faisal II of Iraq in 1955 and the 1970 Commonwealth Games medal which featured the Duke of Edinburgh. He also produced an effigy of Queen Elizabeth II for a commemorative Isle of Man issue in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="31045552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045552" title="Heissler of Heitersheim (Donat John Count)">
Heissler of Heitersheim (Donat John Count)

Donat John Count Heissler of Heitersheim was an Imperial and Royal Marshal of the Habsburg empire. He was deeply involved in the conflict between the Austrian and Turkish empires. He was born in 1648 and died at Szeged on 1 September 1696.
Biography.
Donat John Heissler was born in the Kingdom of Hungary in 1648, at the end of the Thirty Years' War. He enlisted in the service of Habsburgs at a very young age, and as a cavalary captain, Heissler obtained the rank of knight on 15 September 1678.
His courage and exemplary behaviour led to his promotion to colonel and command over a regiment of dragoons, which is named after him.
He fought bravely in the Battle of Vienna in 1683 and continued to distinguish himself in battle over the following years.
In 1684 he defeated rebels commanded by Imre Thököly, followed by a victory over a Turkish regiment at Székesfehérvár.
In 1684 he relieved Vác, subjugated Arad and defeated Turkish forces, which were defending Oradea and Gyula.
On 16 September 1685, he was promoted to the rank of general and in his first expedition prevented the conquering of Munkács and Ofen, and defeated the Turks at Szeged. In 1688 he crushes Imre Thökölu at Körös, seizes Požarevac (Passarowitz) and distinguishes himself at Belgrade. 
Having been appointed Lieutenant-general on 4 January 1689, his luck runs out at Valachie. He loses the battle of Tohani on 21 August 1689 and is taken prisoner.
His imperial troops and the supporting transylvanian army were defeated by troops of Imre Thököly at the battle of Zernest in 1690. His ally, count Mihály Teleki was killed in action. Heissler was captured by Thököly, and offered to the Emperor in exchange for countess Ilona Zrínyi, the wife of Imre Thököly, who was being kept in an imperial prison. It took two years to negotiate the exchange. In 1692, the deal was closed: Heissler was released, and the countess joined her husband in Turkey.
On 9 February 1692, immediately after his release, he was promoted to the rank of General of the Cavalry and proved that his courage hadn't been affected by his imprisonment by seizing the town of Oradea on 5 June. From 1694 until 1695 he took command of the main Hungarian forces on an interim basis. On 12 May 1696, he obtained the supreme rank of Marshal.
Although it is unknown when he was awarded the title of Baron, it is known that used it in official documents in which he bought the Piesling property and Uherčice castle.
He was elevated to the rank of Count, a title he keeps until his death on 1 September 1696 from the consequences of a wound he received 5 days prior in the Battle of Ulaş, near Timișoara.
The ""Register of Generals of the Imperial and Royal Army died on the Field of Honor"" lists him as "Donat John Count Heissler of Heitersheim, Marhsal Imperial and Royal".
A lover of castles.
Uherčice.
Heissler of Heitersheim acquired the castle of Uherčice and added to its embellishment. His modifications gave a more baroque aspect to the castle, thanks to the involvement of the architect Francesco Martinelli. Under the aegis of the Count, Baldassarre Fontana created the very beautiful decoration in stucco in the chapel and several rooms.
Písecné.
He also acquired the Piesling castle at the same time.
Descent.
The count had two sons and a daughter with Barbara Maria Countess Heissler of Heitersheim:
External links.
- page 44 of http://www.historie.hranet.cz/heraldika/pdf/kadich-blazek1899-041-050.pdf
- http://daten.digitale-sammlungen.de/bsb00008369/images/index.html?seite=673

</doc>
<doc id="31045557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045557" title="MOSEK">
MOSEK

MOSEK is a software package for the solution of linear, mixed-integer linear, quadratic, mixed-integer quadratic, quadratically constraint, conic and convex nonlinear mathematical optimization problems. The emphasis in MOSEK is on solving large scale sparse problems. Particularly the interior-point optimizer for linear, conic quadratic (aka. Second-order cone programming) and semi-definite (aka. semidefinite programming) problems is very efficient. A special feature of the MOSEK interior-point optimizer is that it is based on the so-called homogeneous model which implies MOSEK can reliably detect a primal and/or dual infeasible status as documented in several published papers.
In addition to the interior-point optimizer MOSEK includes:
MOSEK provides interfaces to the C, C#, Java and Python languages. Most major modeling systems are made compatible for MOSEK, examples are: AIMMS, AMPL, and GAMS.
MOSEK can also be used from popular tools such as matlab, R, CVX, and YALMIP.

</doc>
<doc id="31045568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045568" title="Karl Müller (inventor)">
Karl Müller (inventor)

Karl Müller (born 1952 in Roggwil TG) is a Swiss engineer and businessman. He is the creator of the Masai Barefoot Technology brand of rocker bottom shoes, and holds a patent on his design. Müller founded Swiss Masai (now known as Masai Marketing and Trading AG) in 1996 to market his new shoe concept. In 2007, he left the company on amicable terms and went on to found kybun Corporation in order to market a newer "walk-on-air" shoe concept.

</doc>
<doc id="31045571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045571" title="Worcester Palladium">
Worcester Palladium

The Worcester Palladium, also known as The Palladium or Palladium Theatre, is an all-ages concert hall and performance venue in Worcester, Massachusetts. The Palladium was designed by architect Arland W. Johnson and opened as a theatre in 1928 as the Plymouth Theatre. It was renamed in 1980. It has a seating capacity of 3,200. Typically it holds shows for metal and rock bands. In July 2012, owners John Fischer and John Sousa filed a waiver to Worcester's demolition delay ordinance after receiving an increase in the Palladium's property taxes.
Artists that have performed at the theater include: Blink-182, Evanescence, Fall Out Boy, Four Year Strong, My Chemical Romance, Jimmy Eat World, Chelsea Grin, Wiz Khalifa, Rob Zombie, Kanye West, Ensiferum, Nightwish, Sonata Arctica, Straight Line Stitch, and more. Since 1990, the booking agency MassConcerts has handled all booking for the Palladium.

</doc>
<doc id="31045573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045573" title="Methods to investigate protein–protein interactions">
Methods to investigate protein–protein interactions

There are many methods to investigate protein–protein interactions. Each of the approaches has its own strengths and weaknesses, especially with regard to the sensitivity and specificity of the method. A high sensitivity means that many of the interactions that occur in reality are detected by the screen. A high specificity indicates that most of the interactions detected by the screen are occurring in reality.

</doc>
<doc id="31045577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045577" title="Turboweekend">
Turboweekend

Turboweekend is a Danish synthesizer rock band, formed in 2006 by the three childhood friends Martin Øhlers Petersen, Silas Bjerregaard and Morten Køie. Anders Stig Møller joined the live shows in 2009, and was made official member in 2011 during the recordings of their latest studio album Fault Lines.
Early achievements and "Night Shift" (2006–2008).
Morten, Martin and Silas formed their first band in 8th grade and in the following years played together in several different constellations before forming Turboweekend in late 2005. "Into You" the band's first radio hit, was recorded in early 2006, and Turboweekend played their debut concert in April that year. During 2006 the band became increasingly popular at the Copenhagen hipster parties, and was eventually booked for Roskilde Festival 2007. The debut album "Night Shift" was released October 1, 2007 on Copenhagen Records. In 2008 the band played at Danish radio award show "P3 Guld" and was nominated as "Newcomer of the Year" at both "P3 Guld" and "Zulu Awards". In mid-2008 the band started working on their second album Ghost Of A Chance.
"Ghost of a Chance" and the "Bound" EP (2009–2011).
Turboweekend's second album "Ghost of a Chance" was released March 23, 2009 on Mermaid Records/Sony Music. 
"Ghost of a Chance" became the band's breakthrough record in their home country and nominated them for the main prize "P3 Prisen" at P3 Guld 2010. October 16, 2009, "Ghost of a Chance" was released in Germany and Switzerland and in 2010 in Poland on Sony Music. The first single "Trouble Is" reached number 1 on the German college radio playlist. In the spring of 2010 Dutch DJ Tiësto's remix of "Trouble Is" was released worldwide.
In July 2010 the band played at Roskilde Festival again. At the same time "Trouble Is" hit number 1 on the Polish radio chart and at the end of the year it was the 8th most played track on the Polish radio station Eska Rock.
On November 10, 2010 the band released the free EP "Bound" via their webpage. Turboweekend was among the 5 nominees for MTV Europe Music Awards "Best Danish Act" at the show in Madrid in November 2010.
At P3 Guld on January 14, 2011 the band won the award "P3 Breakthrough". The album "Ghost of a Chance" was certified Gold in January 2011 in Denmark. At the Danish Music Awards in November, Turboweekend won the award for "Best Danish Live Act". Keyboard player Anders Stig Møller, who previously only had been hired as a live musician, became a part of the band, as they started working on songs for what would become their 3rd full length studio album Fault Lines.
"Fault Lines" and the "Shadow Sounds" EP (2012–present).
In February 2012, Turboweekend signed a deal with EMI Nordic (now Parlophone), for the release of their 3rd full length studio album Fault Lines. In Denmark the album went #1 in the week of its release and first single On My Side was elected Hit Of The Year (shared 1st place) by listener votes on national radio P3. 
In April the band went on a 24 date European tour through The Netherlands, Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Poland and in March they released the Shadow Sounds ep containing stripped down versions of 6 songs from previous releases, which the band had rearranged for a small mini-tour in February at a handful of intimate venues. The European tour in April was followed up by a couple of festival shows in Switzerland, The Czech Republic, Hungary and Germany, as well as gigs in Denmark at Skive, Nibe, Trailerpark and Skanderborg festivals. The band is currently working on their 4th studio album.

</doc>
<doc id="31045579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045579" title="Edsbyns IF (disambiguation)">
Edsbyns IF (disambiguation)

Alstermo IF is a Swedish sports club located in Edsbyn, with more than one section:

</doc>
<doc id="31045583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045583" title="Ambulyx japonica">
Ambulyx japonica

Ambulyx japonica is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from eastern China, Korea, Japan and Taiwan.
The wingspan is 81–90 mm. There is a broad subbasal band on the forewing upperside. Males are paler than females and less strongly marked.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on Aceraceae species in China. In Japan, larvae have been recorded on "Acer" and "Carpinus japonica". Furthermore, larvae have been reared on "Carpinus laxiflora" and "Carpinus tschonoskii".

</doc>
<doc id="31045590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045590" title="Andon Gushterov">
Andon Gushterov

Andon Gushterov (; born 16 February 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pirin Blagoevgrad. 
Career.
On 15 March 2012, Gushterov scored the first goal for Septemvri Simitli in the historic 2–1 victory against Bulgarian powerhouse CSKA Sofia in the quarter-finals of the Bulgarian Cup. In early July 2012, he signed a two-year contract with A PFG club Montana, but was unable to establish himself as part of the first team and left the club in late November.

</doc>
<doc id="31045607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045607" title="Joseph Ewart">
Joseph Ewart

Joseph Ewart (30 April 1759 – 27 January 1792) was a Scottish diplomat.
Early life.
Ewart was born on 30 April 1759, the eldest son of the minister of Troquear in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright. He was educated at Dumfries and at Edinburgh University, and then acted as travelling tutor to Macdonald of Clanronald.
Adult life.
While abroad, Ewart made the acquaintance of Sir John Stepney, British minister at Dresden, and after that diplomat was transferred to Berlin, Ewart became his private secretary and then secretary of legation. After acting as chargé d'affaires from 1787 to 1788, he was appointed envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to the King of Prussia on 5 August 1788.
Service in Prussia.
Pitt's design, assisted by Lord Malmesbury, was to induce Frederick William of Prussia to intervene in the affairs of Holland; to put down the revolutionary party there; and to re-establish the Prince of Orange as a stadt-holder. This design was carried out, and Ewart obtained much credit for his share in the transactions. Of his subsequent conduct at the court of Berlin there are contradictory reports, for the French revolution commenced in 1789, and partisans and opponents of the English foreign policy of that period represent the minister's behaviour in different lights. Ewart was accused of adopting too peremptory an attitude towards the King of Prussia and his ministers, thus alienating them from England. He succeeded in concluding the marriage treaty between the Duke of York and the eldest daughter of the King of Prussia, and received warm acknowledgments from the king. His health breaking down, he resigned on a pension of 1,000l. a year and a promise of the Order of the Bath. He left Berlin on 3 November 1791. He died at his brother's house in Bladud's Buildings, Bath, on 27 January 1792, and was buried in Bath Abbey, where a tablet is eructed to his memory. A statement that he died out of his mind, and anothor (by Wraxell) that his death was due to foul play of the Empress Catherine, are entirely disproved by facts preserved in the family papers.
Personal life.
In 1785 he married a daughter of Count Wontensleben, by whom he left one son (afterwards Lieutenant-general Ewart, C.B.) and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31045622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045622" title="Hycleus polymorphus">
Hycleus polymorphus

Hycleus polymorphus is a species of "Blister Beetles" belonging to the family Meloidae subfamily Meloinae. 
These beetles are present in most of Europe, in the Near East and in East Palearctic ecozone.
The adults grow up to long and can be encountered on flowers from July through August, mainly feeding on Asteraceae and Fabaceae species.
The larval stage of these insects is quite complex, as they are characterized by hypermetamorphosis, a kind of complete insect metamorphosis in which, in addition to the normal stages of larva, nymph and imago, they have several others, with great differences in appearance and way of life.
The female of "Hycleus polymorphus" lays her eggs in the soil. The first-stage larvae move to find an ootheca of grasshoppers, as these beetles are predators of Acridids eggs (Acrididae species, especially locusts), being a natural control agent. In the eggs of their victims they start a new cycle of metamorphosis.

</doc>
<doc id="31045642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045642" title="Saengerhalle">
Saengerhalle

Sangerhalle (German: "Sängerhalle" "Singers' Hall") is a historic building in the Over-the-Rhine historic district of Cincinnati, Ohio situated at the corner of 14th and Race Streets across from Washington Park and Cincinnati Music Hall.
The public-private redevelopment corporation 3CDC has its headquarters in Saengerhalle.

</doc>
<doc id="31045643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045643" title="1998–99 Valencia CF season">
1998–99 Valencia CF season

Valencia CF had a successful season, finishing in the top four of La Liga and thus qualifying for the UEFA Champions League for the first time in almost 30 years, thanks to the extension of the competition to include more teams from the top leagues. Valencia also won the Copa del Rey, ending a long trophy drought and marking a successful end to Italian coach Claudio Ranieri's first spell at the club. Among the main players behind the success included Gaizka Mendieta, Javier Farinós and lethal striker Claudio López.
At the end of the season, Ranieri left to manage Atlético Madrid; he was replaced by Argentine Héctor Cúper, who had led Mallorca to third place and the Cup Winners' Cup final.

</doc>
<doc id="31045653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045653" title="Nightbird (Yanni album)">
Nightbird (Yanni album)

Nightbird is a 1997 compilation album by Yanni released on the Unison label.

</doc>
<doc id="31045663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045663" title="List of ISIRI standards">
List of ISIRI standards

This is a list of Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) standards. For a complete and up-to-date list of all the ISIRI standards (more than 14,000, as of February 2011), see the ISIRI Search Index.
The National Committees (of).
There are separate National committees for developing standards.

</doc>
<doc id="31045664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045664" title="Cân i Gymru 2011">
Cân i Gymru 2011

Cân i Gymru 2011 was the 2011 edition of S4C's Cân i Gymru, an annual Welsh singing contest. The 2011 was broadcast live on 6 March 2011 from the Pontrhydfendigaid Pavilion, Pontrhydfendigaid. The winner was given an invitation to represent Wales at the Pan Celtic Festival. The final was hosted by former winner Elin Fflur.
Format.
S4C and Avanti invited composers and authors to send in their songs from 8 November 2010 and were given a closing date of 7 January 2011. The 8 finalists were announced on 22 February 2011.
A panel of judges evaluated each entry before submitting a shortlist of eight songs to be performed live on the show. The winning composer(s)/author(s) were awarded a £7,500 prize and got an invitation to enter their song into the Pan Celtic Festival in Ireland.
The winner of Cân i Gymru 2011 was decided by a 50% jury vote and 50% televote.

</doc>
<doc id="31045669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045669" title="K. Madhu">
K. Madhu

K. Madhu is a Malayalam film director.Popular for his suspense and investigation thrillers, K.Madhu has a long list of hits in his kitty. He is uncle of the famous Malayalam film actress Navya Nair.
Career.
K. Madhu made his debut as a director in 1986, with "Malarum Kiliyum". Though, the film failed in creating an impact, Madhu succeeded in getting a career break in 1987 with "Irupatham Noottandu". The huge success of "Irupatham Noottandu" was followed by "Oru CBI Diarykurippu" in 1988, which created a sensation in Kerala. Though has worked with several script writers, most of hits huge hits has come from his combination with S. N. Swami.
K.Madhu-Mammooty.
K. Madhu-Mammootty combination have given several super hits to Malayalam cinema.Mammooty was the hero of his first film Malarum Kiliyum (1986). Together they had done many mystery-legal thriller films and most of these films were declared as blockbusters. They had joined together for 13 films. Sethurama Iyer, the highest grossing film series in Malayalam film industry was their team work. These films were considered as the most memorable films of megastar Mammootty as Sethurama Iyer, a CBI officer. Their new film CBI Part 5:Black Ivestigators, the sequel of Sethurama Iyer CBI is in pre-production.
K.Madhu-S. N. Swami.
S.N. Swami and K. Madhu joined worked for many film.Together they have presented many blockbusters include Sethurama Iyer CBI, Irupatham Noottandu, Nariman, Oru CBI Diary Kurippu and many others.The first film they joined together was Irupatham Noottandu which was a box office hit from which they started granting superhits.Their next film Oru CBI Diary Kurippu was another blockbuster.Most of the films they joined together were a Legal-crime thriller.But they took a break after Rahasya Police which become a flop at box office.But they are joining together for the sequel of Sethurama Iyer, CBI Part 5:Black Ivestigators.All the sequels of this series was declared as superhits.

</doc>
<doc id="31045672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045672" title="Daybreak Zero">
Daybreak Zero

Daybreak Zero is the title of a science fiction novel by John Barnes. It is the second of three books comprising the Daybreak series.
Plot.
In the near future, a variety of groups with diverse aims, but an overlapping desire to end modern technological society (the "Big System") create a nanotech plague ("Daybreak") which both destroys rubber and plastics and eats away any metal conductors carrying electricity. An open question in the book is whether these groups, and their shared motivation, are coordinated by some conscious actor, or whether they are an emergent property / meme that attained a critical mass.

</doc>
<doc id="31045673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045673" title="Jan Daemen Cool">
Jan Daemen Cool

Jan Daemen Cool (1589, Rotterdam – 1660, Rotterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Biography.
According to the RKD he was probably a pupil of the painter Daemen Cool. He married in Delft in 1613 to Agniesje Jaspersdr. In 1614, he was admitted into the Guild of St. Luke at Delft; but by 1618 he had returned to Rotterdam, and in 1623 he married Lysbeth, the widow of the painter Lowys Percelles. He is known as a follower of Michiel Jansz. van Mierevelt and made dated portraits. He influenced the painters Adam and Isaac Colonia and Ludolf de Jongh.
Works.
In 1652 the governors of the " Old Men's Home" at Rotterdam agreed to receive him into the institution on condition of his paying a sum of 1225 florins and painting a picture representing them assembled together. Cool died there in 1660, and was buried in the church of the institution. The work, which he executed in accordance with the agreement, was the only one known to be by him when Michael Bryan was writing; and it had been shortly before that reattributed to him. Lamme ascribed it to Aart Mytens; Bürger gave it to Jacob Backer; and it is attributed to Daniel Mytens, the elder, by the catalogue, of 1867, of the Rotterdam Museum, where it has been since its removal from the Old Men's Home in 1849. It is dated 1653, and represents 'Five Governors, clothed in black, ranged round a table.' (See Obreen's ' Archief voor Nederlandsche Kunstgeschiedenis,' vol. I.) 
Today several of his works hang in the Historisch Museum Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="31045678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045678" title="Mullard Circuits for Audio Amplifiers">
Mullard Circuits for Audio Amplifiers

"Mullard Circuits for Audio Amplifiers" is a famous book by the Technical Services Department of Mullard Ltd, a British valve manufacturing company. First published in 1959 and then reprinted several times it contained a number of designs by Mullard engineers for high quality audio amplifiers, which were to be used by amateur constructors as well as by manufacturers as the basis for many products that formed part of the high fidelity audio movement in Britain in the 1960s.
Particularly iconic designs were the Mullard 5-10 and the Mullard 5-20, ten and twenty watt power amplifiers. Circuits for preamplifiers with tone controls and tape recorder amplifiers were also included, along with information regarding record and tape equalisation standards.

</doc>
<doc id="31045693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045693" title="Charles L. Chase">
Charles L. Chase

Charles L. Chase was an American politician from Minnesota.
Born in New York, Chase served as the fourth and last secretary of Minnesota Territory from April 23, 1857 until May 24, 1858. He was elected to the Minnesota Constitutional Convention of 1857. In 1876, Chase served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from Dodge County, Minnesota and was a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="31045697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045697" title="List of lakes of Bulgaria">
List of lakes of Bulgaria

This is an incomplete list of lakes in Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="31045704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045704" title="Guglielmo Cavallo">
Guglielmo Cavallo

Guglielmo Cavallo (born 1938 in Carovigno) is an Italian Greek palaeographer and professor from the Sapienza University of Rome.
Life.
Cavallo graduated from the University of Bari in 1961. In 1969, he moved to Rome and became the first assistant of the Greek Palaeography Special School for Archivists and Librarians, and professor of the History of the manuscript tradition at the 'Sapienza University of Rome'. Since 1978, he has been professor of Greek Palaeography in Rome.
He examined and described Codex Basilensis A. N. III. 12 and dated it to the early 8th century. He examined Papyrus 39, Uncial 059, 0175, 0187, Lectionary 1386 and many other Greek manuscripts from the Byzantine period.

</doc>
<doc id="31045706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045706" title="Townsendiellomyia">
Townsendiellomyia

Townsendiellomyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31045743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045743" title="Diocletianopolis in Thracia">
Diocletianopolis in Thracia

Diocletianopolis in Thracia (, , , "Town of Diocletian") was an ancient Roman town in the region of Thrace, nowadays the town of Hisarya in Bulgaria. It gained its official status as a city in 293 CE by the Roman emperor Diocletian.
Archeological research shows that the place was inhabited 6,000 years BCE. Later, a Thracian settlement developed there. About the 1st century CE Thrace was conquered by the Roman Empire and the settlement became a typical Roman city.
In 293 CE the Roman emperor Diocletian came here because of the healing mineral springs and the town was named after him — Diocletianopolis.

</doc>
<doc id="31045753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045753" title="Leroy Powell">
Leroy Powell

Robert Leroy Powell (October 17, 1933 – April 26, 2014), identified by his middle name on baseball cards but who preferred to be known as Bob Powell, was an American professional baseball player. He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
The graduate of Michigan State University signed a $36,000 "bonus baby" contract with the Chicago White Sox in . An outfielder when he signed, Powell was kept on the ChiSox' Major League roster for 1955, and part of under the Bonus Rule of the time. He appeared in only two Major League Baseball games as a pinch runner — both times against the Kansas City Athletics. On September 16, 1955, he ran for slow-footed White Sox pinch hitter Ron Northey, who had singled, and was erased on a force play at second base on the first pitch to the next hitter, Minnie Miñoso. On April 20, 1957, he ran for another pinch hitter, Walt Dropo, advanced to second base on a hit by Luis Aparicio and then scored his only MLB run on a single by Nellie Fox. Both Aparicio and Fox are now in the Baseball Hall of Fame.
After seeing Powell throw batting practice for his teammates, 1955–1956 White Sox manager Marty Marion converted him into a pitcher. Powell spent the latter half of the 1956 season serving in the U.S. military, then returned to the White Sox roster for the start of 1957, when he made his final MLB appearance. Chicago was able to send him to the minor leagues later in 1957, but Powell struggled as a pitcher in the Class A Western League — although he batted over .300 in 1957 — and left baseball after the 1958 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31045757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045757" title="Richard Jack">
Richard Jack

Richard Jack (15 February 1866–29 June 1952) was a painter of portraits, figure subjects, interiors and landscapes, and prominent war artist for Canada.
Biography.
Jack was born 15 February 1866 in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, United Kingdom. He studied at York School of Art before winning a national scholarship to the Royal College of Art in 1886. There he won a gold medal and in 1888 a travelling scholarship to the Académie Julian and Académie Colarossi. On his return to London in the early 1890s, he worked for a time on the staff of "The Idler" and for "Cassell's Magazine" as a black-and-white artist. He was awarded a silver medal at the 1900 Paris International Exhibition and at the Carnegie International in Pittsburgh in 1914. In 1916, Jack accepted a commission in the Canadian Army to paint for the Canadian War Records Office, becoming Canada’s first official war artist. A portrait of King George V, commissioned by the Metropolitan Borough of Fulham, was later bought by the monarch himself. He subsequently painted portraits of Queen Mary, King Alphonso of Spain, and various interiors at Buckingham Palace. Jack emigrated to Canada in 1938, where he painted landscapes as well as portraits.
He has a painting in the collection of the Leicester Arts and Museums Service.

</doc>
<doc id="31045783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045783" title="Lost Land of the Tiger">
Lost Land of the Tiger

Lost Land of the Tiger is a three-part nature documentary series produced by the BBC Natural History Unit which follows a scientific expedition to the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan. The expedition team is made up of specialist zoologists, explorers and the BBC crew. Together, they explore wilderness areas from the lowland jungles to high-altitude slopes, in search of rare animals and plants. The focus of the expedition is to investigate the status of the tiger in Bhutan, where little is known of the cat's distribution or population density. Evidence of a healthy population of tigers would elevate Bhutan's importance as a sanctuary for this endangered species. It would also support tiger conservationist Dr. Alan Rabinowitz's proposal for a vast protected corridor linking the fragmented pockets of tiger habitat which lie to the south of the Himalayas.
The expedition is notable for obtaining the first footage of tigers living at in the high Himalayas. The BBC footage shows a female tiger lactating and scent-marking, followed a few days later by a male tiger responding, suggesting that the cats could be breeding at this altitude. Previously, anecdotal sightings from Bhutanese mountain villagers suggested tigers were capable of visiting such heights, but it was not known whether they were living and breeding there. The footage was obtained using remote camera traps which are triggered by motion. This discovery dramatically increases the known range of viable tiger habitat. The camera traps also recorded footage of other rarely seen forest creatures, including Indian wild dogs, Asian elephants, leopards and leopard cats.
The series was broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom on three consecutive nights, starting on 21 September 2010. The presenters were Steve Backshall, Gordon Buchanan, Justine Evans and Dr. George McGavin.
"Lost Land of the Tiger" was the fourth of the BBC Natural History Unit's "Expedition" series, following "Expedition Borneo" (2006) and "Lost Land of the Jaguar" (2008) and "Lost Land of the Volcano" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="31045787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045787" title="William Seeds">
William Seeds

Sir William Seeds KCMG (1882–1973) was a British diplomat. He served as Ambassador to both Russia and Brazil.
Background and education.
Sir William Seeds was born in Dublin, Ireland, on the 27th June 1882, to an Ulster Protestant family. He was the only son of Lady Kaye and Robert Seeds QC, the Queen’s Advocate General. He was educated at Rugby and was proficient in French, German, Spanish, Portuguese and Russian. In his late teens he spent two years (1899–1901) in Russia as a student living with several Russian families and studying the culture and language and grew to love "the real old Russia like a story or play by Chekhov” On his return from Russia he studied in London to enter the diplomatic service whilst fully enjoying the many entertainments that Edwardian London nightlife had to offer. He refers to his early years as the “prehistoric years” in his diaries.
Diplomatic career.
Sir William entered the British Diplomatic Service in 1904 and served in Washington,USA, (1904-7), at the British Legation at Peking, (1908 -9) Stockholm (1910) and at the British Embassy in Athens, Greece (1911–13). He was Chargé d'Affaires and British Consulate General in Lisbon, Portugal (1913–1919) and Chargé d'Affaires and First Secretary in Berlin in 1919. He was appointed Consul General for Bavaria in November 1920 and transferred to Munich. He was Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Colombia in Bogota from 1923 to 1925 and Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the United States of Venezuela in Caracas, from 1925- 1926. In 1926-28 he was appointed Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary and Consul General to the Republic of Albania under the rule of King Zog 
In 1928 he became British High Commissioner for the Rhineland in Coblenz and during his tenure of the post was mainly occupied in the arrangements for the evacuation. Two years later he was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) by King George V. Sir William served as Ambassador to Brazil 1930-35 His final and most controversial diplomatic post before retirement was as Ambassador to the Soviet Union 1939-40.
A tall and handsome man who charmed the ladies, Sir William was nevertheless known “not to suffer fools gladly, nor always sufficiently restrain his brilliant wit”
Family.
He married Arabella Agnes Muriel Butler (1883–1979) on November 17, 1911. They had three sons and one daughter. Their daughter Sheila, then married to Sir John Fisher Wentworth Dilke, worked at MI5 headquarters in HMP Wormwood Scrubs during the war years. Their middle son, Hugh, initially joined the Navy then became a conscientious objector and emigrated to New Zealand after the war. Their eldest son, Professor Robert Seeds (1914–1991), lost his left hand in 1941 whilst detonating a bomb for the British Secret Service. Their youngest son, James, joined the RAF and was killed in action in 1940 at the age of 20.
Death and Legacy.
Sir William died peacefully in his home in St. John's Wood, London at the age of 91 on November 2, 1973 and was buried in the Seeds family graveyard in Derriaghy, Lisburn Northern Ireland 
A collector of Chinese and Russian artworks, Sir William bequeathed a Carl Fabergé gold, enamel and diamond presentation box to the Victoria and Albert Museum where it is on display (room 91, case 56,) to whom he had also intended to bequeath his collection of 10 Fabergé hardstone figurines who he called “my little men”. A year before his death Sir Wlliam was persuaded to sell the collection to the art dealers Wartski’s, on the “gentleman’s agreement “ and understanding that they would be kept together as a collection. However the “little men” were sadly soon separated and resold singly.
Sir William’s papers, diaries and documents are kept by his granddaughter, Corinna Seeds, on the island of Hydra in Greece and may be viewed and referenced by historians on request.

</doc>
<doc id="31045802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045802" title="Neudietendorf–Ritschenhausen railway">
Neudietendorf–Ritschenhausen railway

The Neudietendorf–Ritschenhausen railway connects Neudietendorf and Ritschenhausen in the German state of Thuringia. It is a mainly single-track main line operated by DB Netze.
History.
The first ten kilometres of the Neudietendorf–Ritschenhausen line was built by the Thuringian Railway Company () in 1867 as a branch line from Neudietendorf to Arnstadt. In 1879, the line was extended via Plaue to Ilmenau (Erfurt–Ilmenau line). Work on the crossing of the Thuringian Forest and the closing of the gap between Plaue and Ritschenhausen was started in 1879 by the Prussian state railways. Three years later, the Suhl–Grimmenthal section was inaugurated. Finally in 1884 the Grimmenthal–Ritschenhausen section and the 33 kilometre long section between Plaue and Suhl were completed. The building of this section included ramps with an average of grade of 2.0% and the 3,039 metre-long Brandleite Tunnel, which took just under four years to build and was very expensive. In August 1884 the first trains finally ran on the whole line.
The line quickly developed into a major north-south link, so that duplication between Neudietendorf and Grimmenthal was carried out between 1886 and 1893. Until the founding of the Deutsche Reichsbahn in 1920 Ritschenhausen station (built in 1874 and now heritage listed) and Meiningen (built in 1858 and 1874) were joint border stations of the Prussian and the Bavarian State Railways. Locomotives were changed for trains continuing through these stations to Erfurt or Schweinfurt.
After the Second World War, the connection towards Bavaria was interrupted by the border between the American and Soviet occupation zones. In 1946, the second track on the line was removed as part of reparations to the Soviet Union, except on the Gehlberg–Oberhof section. The track still remained an important link between southern Thuringia and Erfurt. Thirty years later, the second track was restored on the section from Neudietendorf to Plaue. In 1984, the Neudietendorf–Arnstadt section was electrified, because there was insufficient capacity available in Erfurt Hauptbahnhof for the nightly changes of locomotives of the "Städteexpress" ("city express") service from Meiningen to Berlin, as well as the adding of extra passenger coaches and freight wagons. These services ran through the Thuringian Forest with seven carriages and more carriages were needed east of Erfurt. The electrification between Neudietendorf and Arnstadt was taken out of operation in 1996 and later dismantled.
Between 2003 and 2008 the route was prepared for the use of tilting trains. The upgrade was completed for the December 2008 timetable change. It included, inter alia, the renovation of the Brandleite Tunnel, which had to be closed for nearly a year, and the installation of electronic interlocking in Arnstadt, which monitors the Neudietendorf–Rentwertshausen stretch.
Operations.
Despite some operational problems, such as slopes with a maximum grade of 2.38% in the Thuringian forest and the need to reverse trains running to Würzburg in Schweinfurt, the line was a major long-distance north–south link until 1945. It was the shortest route between Berlin and Stuttgart.
Passenger services.
A fast train operated in the early 1890s from Berlin to Stuttgart via Erfurt, Meiningen and Schweinfurt. In 1914, there were three trains each day on this route, yet all ran via Meiningen, although they had to reverse there.
At its height in 1938 a daily pair of fast long-distance expresses ("Fernschnellzug", FD-Zug, catering to first and second class passengers, but not third class passengers) and five pairs of ordinary expresses ran on the line, which ran on the Berlin–Erfurt–Schweinfurt–Würzburg–Stuttgart route. The FD 8 service included coaches that continued to Zurich and Ventimiglia in Italy. The night train pair D 13/14 even had coaches that continued to Rome and Naples. The high-quality passenger trains were hauled by class 39 locomotives. As train loads were often more than 250 tonnes, trains required an extra locomotive to push them up the grades to the Brandleite Tunnel.
After the Second World War, the only long-distance trains operated via Erfurt and Suhl to and from Meiningen. Express trains ran to Berlin, Dresden, Görlitz, Leipzig, Halle and Stralsund. In 1981, there were eight pairs of trains, including the "Städteexpress", "Rennsteig" (named after a crest in the Thuringian Forsest) and the "Städteschnellverkehr" (“city rapid”) service to Berlin.
With German reunification long distance trains from Meiningen to Berlin were accelerated. The old service between Berlin and Stuttgart was revived for some years after the reunification as the InterRegio service, "Rennsteig". From 1997, it operated only between Erfurt and Stuttgart and from 2001 the service was cancelled altogether.
In the timetable of 2009, the "Mainfranken-Thüringen-Express" runs on the line every two hours as Deutsche Bahn’s Regional-Express line 7 from Erfurt via Schweinfurt to Würzburg. Line STB4 of the Süd-Thüringen-Bahn runs every two hours from Erfurt to Meiningen, stopping at all stations, with additional services in the peak hour. There are also some additional Regional-Express services between Erfurt and Meiningen. The line between Neudietendorf and Plaue is also served by the Erfurter Bahn trains between Erfurt and Ilmenau. Ritschenhausen is also served by the "Unterfranken-Shuttle" of the Erfurter Bahn from Meiningen to Schweinfurt.
Freight.
After completion of the line in 1884 there was intensive freight traffic, consisting of both through traffic and local agricultural traffic. In addition to numerous local trains, there was, for example in 1939, 12 through freight trains in each direction daily and four trains for train loads of up to 1,200 tons. These were usually hauled up the steep grades by class 95 locomotives and an additional locomotive was required to push trains with loads of over 1000 tonnes.
Even after the Second World War, the track in Thuringia was used by eight daily general freight trains from Arnstadt to Grimmenthal and up to five trains carrying full-train loads for high volume traffic. They were typically hauled by class 44 locomotives, using pulverised coal to avoid smoke while passing through the Brandleite Tunnel. From 1980, trains with up to 80 axles were mostly hauled by class DR-131 locomotives.
After the closing of the gap to the former West Germany after reunification, between 1991 and 1994 the line saw altered traffic flows and the last spike in freight traffic. Up to eight heavy freight trains ran daily on the north-south link. Since then freight trains run only when required, for example, freight trains to transport timber between Erfurt and Grimmenthal.

</doc>
<doc id="31045803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045803" title="Ensis macha">
Ensis macha

The Ensis macha, or Navaja or Navajuela as it is called in Spanish, is a bivalve mollusc of the family Pharidae. It inhabits the coasts of Peru, Chile and southern Argentina. Ensis macha lives in sand or muddy sediments in the subtidal zone where it can burrow to a depth of up to 13 metres. "Ensis macha" is one of the world's economically most significant "Ensis" species, with a total catch of 6,000 tons in Chile in 1999. 

</doc>
<doc id="31045806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045806" title="Ambulyx kuangtungensis">
Ambulyx kuangtungensis

Ambulyx kuangtungensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from southern China, northern Thailand, northern Vietnam and Taiwan.
The wingspan is 65-80 mm.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Choerospondias axillaris" in Guangdong.

</doc>
<doc id="31045827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045827" title="Schiller Elementary School">
Schiller Elementary School

The Schiller Elementary School (also called as Schiller School) in the East Allegheny neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1939. The school is still in use today, as part of the Pittsburgh Public School System, and is known as Schiller Classical Academy. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31045857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045857" title="List of Chairmen of the Supreme Soviet of the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic">
List of Chairmen of the Supreme Soviet of the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic

The Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic (from September 1, 1991: Republic of Uzbekistan) was the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="31045868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045868" title="Theodore K. Lorenz">
Theodore K. Lorenz

Theodore K Lorenz (1842–1911) was a German ornithologist.
Lorenz lived in Russia where he worked as a taxidermist in the Zoological Garden of the Imperial University in Moscow. He explored the Caucasus and Kirghizistan.
Lorenz was an authority on Tetraonidae and Phasianidae.
Works.
Partial list 

</doc>
<doc id="31045874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045874" title="Hans Welker">
Hans Welker

Hans Welker (August 21, 1907 – July 24, 1968) was a German footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="31045896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045896" title="Bowman Homestead">
Bowman Homestead

The Bowman Homestead in North Versailles Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania is a two-and-a-half story brick farmhouse built in 1846 by George Bowman in a combination of the Western Pennsylvania vernacular and Greek Revival styles. Timber for the house was harvested on site, and the bricks were fired nearby.
Bowman moved to Western Pennsylvania in the early 1800s and married Eliza Mellon, the sister of Judge Thomas Mellon and aunt of Andrew Mellon, the future Secretary of the Treasury. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31045913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045913" title="Micro-retailing">
Micro-retailing

Micro-retailing, or microretailing, has two distinct meanings. The first describes how some businesses are moving from having giant superstores to smaller, demographically targeted stores that focus on a small selection of popular products. The second refers to small, independent, family owned businesses in developing nations.

</doc>
<doc id="31045914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045914" title="Dapa, Valle del Cauca">
Dapa, Valle del Cauca

Dapa is a small village and area of weekend homes in the Valle del Cauca Department of west central Colombia. It is located in the mountains about 15 kilometers (9 miles) northwest of the city of Cali. It is a township within the Municipality of Yumbo.
Geography and Access.
Dapa is located on the east slope of the West Andes above the Cauca River Valley. The elevation ranges from in the foothills to along the highest ridges. The lower section is called "Pilas de Dapa" where the road crosses the Arroyohondo River and starts the climb up the mountain. The main population lives above which is divided up into several sections: "Medio Dapa" is located about halfway up the mountain and consists mainly of homes and farms. "Miravalle" is the main center of population farther up the mountain and has a police station, school, and several businesses, along with many homes and a church further along the road. "Rincón Dapa" is farther up the mountain and is situated in a bowl that is shaped by several streams that come together to form the Arroyohondo River. It is an area of large estates, farms, homes, a school, and scattered businesses like stores and restaurants. "Alto Dapa" is located above "Miravalle" and is mainly an area of estates and farms.
The main road, "Carretera Dapa", is a paved road in mediocre condition that starts at the Cali-Yumbo road and winds through the lower part of "Arroyohondo" before climbing up the mountain into the main part of Dapa. As the road winds up the mountain is passes through a massive rangeland with xeric vegetation and affords wonderful views of the canyon of the Arroyohondo River and the Cauca Valley.
Various unpaved roads leave Dapa in different directions towards other rural locations. To the west, the Dapa-Chicoral road leads through the Cerro Dapa Carisucio Forest Reserve and the pass at to drop into the Hindú tea plantation and the area of Chicoral. The road continues on towards La Cumbre. To the south there are two roads: one leading towards La Paz and eventually the western edge of Cali and another towards the Kilometer 18 of the Cali-Buenaventura Road. To the north and east there is a road leading towards Yumbo.
Climate and Ecosystems.
The climate ranges from tropical to subtropical with various habitat types represented. In the lower reaches there are patches of dry forest, arid rangeland with scattered trees, riparian woodlands, and gardens. In the upper parts there are patches of humid forest, matorral, shrubby pastures, gardens, cultivations and cloud forest. Dapa is situated within the Arroyohondo watershed, which drains into the Cauca River north of Cali. The native habitats of Dapa, which unfortunately are highly degraded and fragmented, are representative of the Cauca Valley Dry Forest Ecoregion in the lower parts and the Cauca Valley Montane Forest Ecoregion in the upper reaches.
On the ridges above Dapa is the Dapa Carisucio Forest Reserve...
History.
Dapa was formed in 1958.
Recreation.
There are a variety of outdoor activities available in Dapa. Some of the most popular are hiking, birdwatching, mountain biking, horseback riding, and off-road vehicle use.

</doc>
<doc id="31045916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045916" title="Carnegie Free Library (McKeesport, Pennsylvania)">
Carnegie Free Library (McKeesport, Pennsylvania)

The Carnegie Free Library in McKeesport, Pennsylvania, is a Public Library built with funds from Pittsburgh steel magnate Andrew Carnegie. McKeesport is located about 15 miles up the Monongahela River from Pittsburgh. The grant for this library was commissioned April 2, 1899. Out of approximately 1,688 libraries funded by Carnegie in America, McKeesport's was the 12th he commissioned. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="31045920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045920" title="Christophe Josse">
Christophe Josse

Christophe Josse () is a French fashion designer and an haute couture fashion brand.
Education.
Christophe studied art history for three years in Paris, followed by one year in stylisme.
Fashion career.
Christophe Josse worked in different fashions houses as designer's assistant. 
Then he moved to the Haute Couture studio of the Torrente house where he soon became the first assistant of Rose Torrente-Mett, the Director of the Studio at that time. After the departure of the designer in February 2003, Christophe Josse assumed the direction of the Haute Couture collection.
Christophe Josse left Torrente in 2004 and on July 2005 presented in Paris his first couture collection under his own name. Since January 2006 the designer has been invited by the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture to present his collections during the official Haute Couture calendar as "invited member".
In January 2008 he opened his atelier and showroom at 231, rue Saint-Honoré, Paris.
The Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture Française, the governing body of the French fashion industry, promoted Christophe Josse in January 2011 from guest member to permanent member status, which allows the Christophe Josse brand to bear the “Haute Couture” label.

</doc>
<doc id="31045933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045933" title="Anumula">
Anumula

ANUMULA () is a Mandal in Nalgonda district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
History
Anumula is the one of the good village and mandal. it includes with Haliya, in between villages having the Nagarjuna Sagar Left canal The left canal (a.k.a. Lalbahadur Shastri canal) is 295 km long and irrigates 0.32 million acres (800 km²) of land in Nalgonda and Khammam districts of Telangana region. Kunduru Jana Reddy (Minister for Panchayati Raj & RWS) he was born in ANUMULA
Villages.
The villages in Anumula mandal include:

</doc>
<doc id="31045938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045938" title="Arca-Net">
Arca-Net

Arca-Net is a European Ark-network of institutions that keep endangered livestock breeds or rare cultivated plants, making them known to the public. Arca-Net is designed for a broad public and in form of a virtual guide, at any time available via Internet. Descriptions of the institutions, directions on getting there, offers and information on the livestock breeds kept and plants cultivated, their distribution, status of endangering and their history are available from Arca-Net.
Background.
Rare and endangered livestock breeds and old cultivated plants have largely disappeared from agricultural production units but they continue to live on numerous Ark-farms, livestock parks, variety gardens, open-air museums and other institutions. Arca-Net is unique collection of establishments conserving the traditional breeds of their region and makes these institutions known and initiates visits. 
Moreover, Arca-Net offers easily understandable background information and raises about the topic of agrobiodiversity.
Within the framework of the Ark- and Rescue centre census for rare and endangered breeds in Europe, the SAVE Foundation developed the information portal Arca-Net. Over 570 institutions in 46 European Countries (2010) are enlisted in Arca-Net. All of these facilities offer access to their livestock animals and cultivated plants such as fruit and vegetables.
Layout.
The different institutions are presented, details for a visit described, directions explained and breed descriptions to many livestock breeds are given. Updates and new entries are processed by the institutions themselves via password protected user accounts. Arca-Net is a Europe-wide network that is constantly expanding. 
On the search site users can search for livestock breeds, cultivated plants, countries, kind of institutions and products. The search results are either listed or displayed on a map. The Ark station map with all the locations and categories of the centres makes searching in specific regions or countries in Europe easy. After selecting an institution further background information such as the complete address, animals kept, directions, opening hours, entrance fees, products for sale etc. are shown.
Guidelines.
Conditions for gathering data on suitable establishments for the European Network Arca-Net

</doc>
<doc id="31045939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045939" title="Processor Value Unit">
Processor Value Unit

Processor Value Unit or PVU is a unit of measure defined by IBM to streamline their licensing policies and contracts. Each software package they sell has its own price per PVU.
IBM define a processor (for the purposes of PVU licensing) as each core on a socket. Specific processor families carry individual weights per core - E.G. a single core Intel or AMD CPU is assigned a weight of 50, while a small Power 7 processor is assigned a weight of 70. As an example, a quad core Power7 chip on a PS700 blade server would constitute 4 x 70 PVU's
The Licensee can deploy software either using Full Capacity licensing or Virtualization Capacity (Sub-Capacity) licensing.

</doc>
<doc id="31045967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045967" title="Ambulyx liturata">
Ambulyx liturata

Ambulyx liturata is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Nepal, north-eastern India (Sikkim and Assam), Burma, Thailand and Vietnam to Fujian and Hong Kong in China.
The wingspan is 106-134 mm. It is similar to "Ambulyx maculifera", but can be distinguished by the absence of a subbasal costal patch on the forewing upperside.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Canarium album" in China.

</doc>
<doc id="31045970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045970" title="Thomas Simon Cool">
Thomas Simon Cool

Thomas Simon Cool, a Dutch historical and genre painter, was born at the Hague in 1831. He studied at the Hague Academy under J. E. J. van den Berg, and first distinguished himself by his 'Atala,' exhibited in 1853. He resided in Paris from 1857 to 1860, and in Antwerp from 1861 to 1865. He died at Dordrecht in 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="31045979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045979" title="Peter Jackson (judge)">
Peter Jackson (judge)

Sir Peter Arthur Brian Jackson (born 9 December 1955), styled The Hon. Mr Justice Peter Jackson, is an English High Court judge, assigned to the Family Division. He was called to the Bar by the Inner Temple in 1978 and became a Queen's Counsel in 2000. He was subsequently appointed as a Recorder in 1998, a Deputy High Court Judge in 2003 and a High Court Judge with effect from 1 October 2010. Chambers & Partners described Jackson as a "master tactician stalks his prey in a very subtle, understated manner... He plays to win and does so more often than not," while Legal 500 called him "one of the most authoritative children silks around."
Court of Protection.
In February 2011 Jackson made a landmark ruling allowing journalists to attend hearings in Britain's most secretive court, the Court of Protection in a case about an autistic man who had been kept away from his home and family by a local authority, the London Borough of Hillingdon. Jackson also agreed to allow the news media to identify all parties in the case. Previously, the court had been widely criticised in the media for being able to make crucial rulings without public scrutiny.

</doc>
<doc id="31045988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31045988" title="Ambulyx placida">
Ambulyx placida

Ambulyx placida is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Himalayan foothills of northern India, Nepal and Tibet.
The wingspan is 104-114 mm. It is similar to "Ambulyx semiplacida", but can be distinguished by the much smaller subbasal spot on the forewing upperside.

</doc>
<doc id="31046014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046014" title="Ambulyx schauffelbergeri">
Ambulyx schauffelbergeri

Ambulyx rudloffi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="31046024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046024" title="Ambulyx semiplacida">
Ambulyx semiplacida

Ambulyx semiplacida is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Taiwan.
It is similar to "Ambulyx placida", but the forewing upperside subterminal line is more strongly arched and the yellow proximal border is broader.

</doc>
<doc id="31046059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046059" title="Rhabdopleurida">
Rhabdopleurida

Rhabdopleurida is one of three orders in the class Pterobranchia, which are small, worm-shaped animals. Members belong to the hemichordates. Species in this order are sessile, colonial, living in clear water and secrete tubes called coenecium. "Rhabdopleura" is the best studied pterobranchs in developmental biology. Some claim "Rhabdopleura" is an extant 
graptolite. 
Taxonomy.
This small order is monotypic. It has only a single genus, containing four to six species.
Order Rhabdopleurida

</doc>
<doc id="31046073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046073" title="Badminton at the 1995 Southeast Asian Games">
Badminton at the 1995 Southeast Asian Games

A badminton tournament was held at the 1995 Southeast Asian Games in Chiang Mai.

</doc>
<doc id="31046077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046077" title="Franchise and Ballot Act">
Franchise and Ballot Act

The Franchise and Ballot Act (1892) was an act of the Cape Colony Parliament, driven by Prime Minister Cecil Rhodes, which raised the property franchise qualification, thus disenfranchising a large proportion of the Cape's non-white voters, and a number of poor white voters.
It was a significant early step in overturning the Cape's liberal and multi-racial constitution. 
Background.
The Cape Colony had a system of franchise that was open to men of all races, dating back to its early constitution in 1853 and its achievement of "Responsible Government" in 1872. Under this system, the right to vote was based on £25 property franchise regardless of race.
In the ensuing decade, increasing numbers of the Cape's Black African citizens became politically active. By the 1880s, the Cape's Prime Minister Cecil Rhodes was disturbed by the prospect that white politicians may eventually be sidelined in many Cape Constituencies where non-white voters formed a majority. As more and more African citizens exercised their right to vote under the law as it existed, their vote looked to soon be decisive. 
The Cape Colony was also unique of all the countries in southern Africa for its multi-racial franchise. At this time in the Transvaal and the Orange Free State indigenous Africans had no voting rights, and in Natal very few non-whites had the right to vote.
Immediate effects of the act.
The Cape Colony's Franchise and Ballot Act of 1892 raised the franchise qualifications from £25 to £75, which effectively disenfranchised non-whites in significant enough numbers to make their voting powers negligible, although a proportion of poor whites were disenfranchised too.
Long term effects.
This legislation settled the disputes as to whether non-whites had voting power in Cape Colony in the late 19th century, and is recognized as being an early example of legislation motivated by racial discrimination, although the law itself achieved its racially discriminatory aims only indirectly, through financially based clauses.
See also.
History of Cape Colony from 1870 to 1899

</doc>
<doc id="31046081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046081" title="Serviam Girls Academy">
Serviam Girls Academy

Serviam Girls Academy is a private school in New Castle, Delaware offering classes in grades 5-8 for girls. Established in 2008 as an Ursuline school, it is modeled after schools in the now-defunct NativityMiguel Network of Schools. The current enrollment is approximately 40 students, most of whom live in New Castle, Newark, and the City of Wilmington. The school has a brother school, Nativity Preparatory School, which is located in Wilmington.
The Academy's mission is to provide a holistic, tuition-free education for low-income girls in grades 5-8. The school's rigorous, college-focused program includes an extended school day and school year, small class size, a mandatory summer program, and support to its graduates in high school and college.
Need to Educate Delaware's Minority Girls.
Serviam operates with the following statistics in mind:
Serviam seeks to create change in Delaware by serving girls who most need help. Around the world, investment in the education of girls is proven to yield high returns not only for the students themselves, but also for their families, communities, and future generations.
In addition, educated women earn higher incomes, have healthier and better educated children, and are more likely to participate within their communities.
The NativityMiguel Network.
The 61 schools following the model of the NativityMiguel Network of Schools serve over 4,400 students across 27 states. Serviam and these other schools share the following characteristics:
Founded in 1971, the Network's model has proven effective in multiple areas, most notably in terms of graduates' long-term achievements. 74% of the Network's middle school graduates enter private or independent high schools, whereas the national average for minorities is 6%. 79% of alumni graduate high school in four years, compared to the national average of 55% for comparable students. 61% of the Network's high school graduates enroll in colleges and universities, a rate almost 30% higher than the national average for low income students. 55.7% of the alumni are graduates of colleges or trade institutions, whereas the national average for similar students is 21%.
Serviam graduated its first class of alumnae in 2011. As of summer 2012, the Academy has 15 alumnae attending Delcastle Technical School, Howard High School of Technology, Sanford School, The Tatnall School, Wilmington Christian School, Ursuline Academy, Padua Academy, St. Mark's High School, Layton Preparatory School, and Archmere Academy.
Admissions.
Serviam has a joint admissions effort with its brother school, Nativity Preparatory School of Wilmington. Applications are considered on a rolling basis from January through August. Candidates for admission should be entering grades 5 or 6, and all families must qualify for participation under the federal National School Lunch Act.
Academics.
Each grade takes classes in math, reading, writing and grammar, science, social studies, and religion. In addition, each class has a silent supervised hour of homework during which their teachers are available for further assistance and tutors are available for more in-depth one-on-one help. Serviam also partners with AmeriCorps in the Public Allies of Delaware and Notre Dame Mission Volunteers programs to provide additional in-classroom support throughout the day.
Spirituality.
Serviam's patron saints are Angela Merici and Saint Ursula, both of whom were strong women dedicated to guiding young women to live in the light of God. Serviam girls strive to live in the spirit of their patron saints, giving particular focus to their commitment to the service of others. Serviam, itself, translates to "I Will Serve", and students are encouraged to participate in service to both the Serviam community and the community at large.

</doc>
<doc id="31046086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046086" title="BFCS">
BFCS

BFCS, one of the most successful and influential commercial film production companies in the latter half of the 20th century, was a product of the changes that swept over creative London during the decade of the 1960s.
In British advertising, major changes were being made in the creative departments. Up to then, the agency Art Director had very little say in the creation and production of TV commercials, his role mainly being the rendering of storyboards from scripts written by a copywriter. However in agencies like Collett Dickenson Pearce (CDP) and Boase Massimi Pollitt (BMP) the concept of creative teams was emerging and the role of the Art Director suddenly became quite important. With the participation of the Art Director as an equal in the creative team there was a new insistence for a dynamic fresh look to TV commercials much as had been achieved in British print advertising in the early 60s.
Bob Brooks, a Creative Group Head with Benton & Bowles Inc, New York, came to London in 1961 as Co-Creative Director for Benton & Bowles Ltd. He left the agency in 1963 to open a photographic studio in London. "Art directors were used to working with the top photographers in town, getting a certain kind of light, a particular attention to detail. However, feature film-makers were the main directors and they couldn’t give a damn what a plate of soup looked like, or bread, or an egg, or any of the textural things that made that kind of advertising so outstanding. Once the art director had a reasonable say in the creation of commercials, we came in"
History.
The "we" in this case were Bob Brooks and Len Fulford, two successful London advertising photographers specializing in food and product photography, who together with producer Jim Baker opened Brooks Baker Fulford in 1966. Baker left the company in 1970 and the name changed to Brooks Fulford The company moved to new quarters at 59 North Wharf Road, a modern custom built production center, designed by Brooks and Fulford. In 1973 Ross Cramer, former graphic partner of Charles Saatchi, joined as the third film director and the name changed to Brooks Fulford Cramer. In 1977 Martin McKeand, Managing Director since 1970, left to work in program television and was replaced by John Cigarini who then became a full partner. Cinematographer Michael Seresin, joined the company as another film director in 1977 and the company name changed yet again to Brooks Fulford Cramer Seresin. When Cramer left in 1981 it was decided to change the name one last time to BFCS, and so it remained until the end. At its peak BFCS had offices in London, Milan, New York and Los Angeles. In 1993 Cigarini bought out his UK partners in the US venture and settled in LA as BFCS Inc. which closed in 1996. In 1995 the original partners, Bob Brooks & Len Fulford left the company that they had founded and Michael Seresin along with Derek Coutts took the London company over until it finally closed in 2001.
Awards.
In 1970 Brooks Baker Fulford won its first Gold Lion at the SAWA Cannes Advertising Festival with "Tailor" a Senior Service Extra cigarette spot, directed by Bob Brooks, for CDP. This opened the door to more creative assignments and according to John Cigarini, at the time of his departure, BFCS had won over 100 Cannes/Venice Lions.
In 1974 Brooks Fulford was first awarded the coveted Palme d’Or, for best production company at the Cannes Advertising Festival. Then again from 1980-85 the company won the Palme d'Or for 5 consecutive times at Cannes, thus winning this prize for an unprecedented six times.
Other awards included: Directors Guild Of America, Best Commercial Director 1983; The One Show Gold Award, New York 1975; pencils at D&AD London; Gold & Silver arrows at the London British Television Advertising Awards plus over 40 Clio Awards in the US.
In 1984 the D&AD Presidents Award was presented to Bob Brooks.
In December 1999 Campaign Magazine London presented its Hall of Fame: The Best British Ads of the Century. The number one spot was awarded to the 1974 Smash Martians commercial directed by Bob Brooks, Brooks Fulford Cramer for BMP. Five other BFCS spots also made the same list.
Alumni.
"On a wall at BFCS is a framed copy of the first ever call sheet. It makes intriguing reading for advertising film historians: as well as Brooks and Baker (down as consultant and director respectively because Brooks had yet to win his union ticket), it names Roger Woodburn as first assistant director and Adrian Lyne as third. Peter Bijoux, now one of the world's top lighting cameramen, is also there – as a humble focus puller."
Directors working with BFCS included Bob Brooks, Len Fulford, Ross Cramer, Michael Seresin, Alan van Rijn, Bryan Loftus, Richard Sloggett,
Godley & Creme, Derek Coutts, David Deveson Thom Higgins, David Ashwell, Barry Sonnenfeld, Jim Edwards, Rod Butcher, Gale Tattersall, Larry Williams and Leslie Libman.
"Bob Brooks and Len Fulford probably picked the best time ever to start a film production company – if not for themselves, then certainly for the industry"
See also.
• Author, Sam Delaney (2007) "Get Smashed, The story of the men who made the adverts that changed our lives." London, Hoder & Stoughton ISBN 978-0-340-92250-7

</doc>
<doc id="31046089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046089" title="Ambulyx sericeipennis">
Ambulyx sericeipennis

Ambulyx sericeipennis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from northern Pakistan and northern India eastwards across Nepal, Sikkim, Bhutan, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam to central and southern China and Taiwan.
The wingspan is 95–124 mm. It is similar to "Ambulyx maculifera", but greyer and the submarginal band of the forewing upperside extends to the costal and anal margins.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Juglans regia", "Engelhardia spicata", "Elaeocarpus", "Quercus", "Myrica nagi", "Betula alnoides" and "Rhus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31046114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046114" title="Ambulyx tobii">
Ambulyx tobii

Ambulyx tobii is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Japan and South Korea down through eastern China to Bhutan, Tibet, Yunnan, Vietnam and Taiwan.
The wingspan is 105-117 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31046125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046125" title="List of Desert Island Discs episodes (1961–70)">
List of Desert Island Discs episodes (1961–70)

The BBC Radio 4 programme "Desert Island Discs" invites castaways to choose eight pieces of music, a book (in addition to the Bible - or a religious text appropriate to that person's beliefs - and the Complete Works of Shakespeare) and a luxury item that they would take to an imaginary desert island, where they will be marooned indefinitely. The rules state that the chosen luxury item must not be anything animate, nor anything that enables the castaway to escape from the island, for instance a radio set, sailing yacht or aeroplane. The choices of book and luxury can sometimes give insight into the guest's life, and the choices of guests between 1961 and 1970 are listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="31046131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046131" title="Ernest Russell Lyon">
Ernest Russell Lyon

Ernest Russell Lyon (19 December 1922 – 27 July 1944) was a Flying Officer in 234 Squadron of the Royal Air Force during part of World War 2. He was known as Russell. Volunteering to join the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve just three months after his 18th birthday he undertook pilot training in the USA, after which he became a pilot instructor in the USA and Canada. He later asked to be posted to an operational squadron and was posted to RAF 234 Squadron, joining them in autumn 1943, where he acquired the nickname "Ben" after the American TV and radio personality Ben Lyon. Russell undertook a variety of missions with the Squadron, flying from various airfields in the UK. At the time of D-Day the Squadron was based at RAF Deanland. Soon afterwards 234 Squadron was moved to RAF Predannack, on the Lizard Peninsula, where they flew further missions over northern and western France. At 19.00hrs on the evening of Thursday 27 July 1944 Russell piloted Supermarine Spitfire MkVb AR343, flying with seven other Spitfires, on a mission over Lorient in southern Brittany. At about 19.54 hrs. his Spitfire was hit by flak at 6000 ft. over the Lorient area and was seen to crash in flames near Ploemeur.
A second 234 Squadron Spitfire BM200 piloted by the mission leader, F/Lt. W. Walton DFC, was also hit, at around the same time, at 0 feet, but Walton managed to pilot the Spitfire to sufficient height where he was able to parachute out. Walton landed safely and eluded capture for a short while but was then taken prisoner the same evening by the Germans. 
F/O Russell Lyon was reported as missing in action near Lorient and later he was reported as presumed dead
In 2001 a Spitfire crash site was found by local history enthusiasts near Ploemeur, and through further research the crash site was identified as the crash location of Spitfire AR343 piloted by F/O Russell Lyon. The local French researchers also found a grave in the nearby Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery at Guidel which is marked Unknown RAF Airman and where the contemporary Cemetery Register records that the burial of an unknown English casualty took place on Saturday 29 July 1944.
Early life.
The son of Ernest H.Lyon and Elizabeth W. Pealling, Ernest Russell Lyon was born in Colinton, Edinburgh, Scotland on 19 December 1922. He had an older step brother, Stanley, and a younger brother James (Jimmy). Russell's mother Elizabeth was the second wife of E.H.Lyon, whose first wife Helen died in 1919 from Bright's Disease. His middle name Russell derived, in the Scottish naming tradition, from the maiden name of his maternal grandmother, Jane Russell, whose family originally came from Dumfries-shire, Scotland. His father was born in Kincardine-shire Scotland, with earlier antecedents coming from the Buchan area of NE Aberdeenshire, and Banffshire, Scotland in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Russell's early school years were spent firstly at Gillespies and then at George Heriot's School in Edinburgh. He entered Heriot's on 23 September 1930. In July 1932, he left George Heriot's School and started his next phase of education on 22 September 1932 at George Watson's School, also in Edinburgh. The George Watson's school record shows that " He got the bronze medal for swimming in fourth year and by the time he was in sixth year he was in the rugby First XV where he gained his colours. He did English, French, physics and chemistry in sixth year, was a patrol leader in the Scouts and was also in the Army Training Corps and played tennis and cricket. He was also a prefect".
On 15 October 1935, when Russell was approaching his 13th birthday, his mother Elizabeth died following a sudden and severe stroke.
As he was growing up Russell often holidayed with his family in and around Braemar and Deeside, Aberdeenshire, where one of his uncles, George Melvin Rennie (1874–1953), a landscape artist, had a summer studio.
Military Service.
Soon after his 18th birthday Russell Lyon volunteered to join the RAF, and he enlisted in the RAF Volunteer Reserve on 1 March 1941.
The full Service Record is:
1 March 1941 enlistment Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve
held in reserve then: 
7 July 1941 L.A.C.R.C.
July to Sept. 1941 Basic Training
October 1941 to May 1942 Canada and the USA Training
20 May 1942 Awarded pilot’s wings, promoted to Sergeant
May 1942-March 1943 Pilot Instructor USA and Canada
4 March 1943 promoted to Flying Officer
June to October 1943 Pilot Operational training
20 October 1943 Posted to 234 Squadron
26 September 1943 RAF Hutton Cranswick, 12 Group
December 1943 RAF Church Fenton
29 January 1944 RAF Coltishall
19 March 1944 RAF Bolt Head 10 Group
30 April 1944 RAF Deanland 85 Group
19 June 1944 RAF Predannack 10 Group
27 July 1944 Missing in Action
Around March 1943 Russell volunteered to return to the UK and to be posted to an operational squadron. When Russell joined 234 Squadron he acquired the nickname ”Ben” Lyon. (after the Hollywood actor and agent Ben Lyon).
The 234 Squadron Mission of 27 July 1944.
In the days leading up to 27 July 234 Squadron pilots were involved in a number of missions. 
On the afternoon of 22 July 1944 four aircraft went on a reconnaissance mission of the Nostang area east of Lorient, and also attacked locomotives at Hennebont. After the attack one Spitfire, piloted by F/O John Coward, was reported as missing. 
F/O Coward’s Spitfire AD470 crashed near Auray. His body was recovered by the Germans, was identified and was buried at Guidel, in Row 6 Grave 32. The Guidel Communal Cemetery Record lists the burial of this identified casualty on 24 July 1944.
A later mission on the same day eight RAF 234 Squadron Spitfires escorted 3 Mosquitoes of RAF 151 Squadron on a bombing mission of a German Naval HQ at Nostang, east of Lorient the Spitfires attacking afterwards with cannon and machine gun. On that mission F/Lt. Walton (BM200) and F/0 Lyon (BL563) flew as Red 1 and Red 2.
On 23 July F/O Lyon flew with three others on a shipping reconnaissance mission between Morlaix and the Île de Sein. On 24 July he flew on with seven others on a bombing mission on rail infrastructure. Unusually the Spitfires had been modified to carry 500 lb bombs for these missions. Later the same day he flew on a shipping patrol mission West of Ushant.
A similar mission was flown by F/O Lyon with seven Spitfires on the afternoon of 25 July attacking locomotives and vehicle movements in Landivisiau and in the area North of Quimper, Finistère.
The Squadron Record book also notes that the weather over the Channel during this week was not good.
On the evening of 27 July 1944 eight Spitfires left RAF Predannack at 19.00 hrs. on a "Rhubarb 323" mission over southern Brittany. Earlier that day, 51 Spitfires from 234 and other RAF Squadrons carried out offensive patrols on the Brest Peninsula.
The eight Spitfires from 234 Squadron were:
Spitfire BM200 Fl/Lt. W.C.Walton,DFC, Mission Leader
Spitfire ..?.. Fl/Sgt. P.J.Mall
Spitfire AR343 F/O E.R.Lyon
Spitfire BL646 Fl/Sgt. L.M.Stockwall
Spitfire BL810 Fl/Lt. F.E.Dymond
Spitfire AR364 Fl/Sgt. A.Morgan
Spitfire BM238 F/O. G.F.Sparrow
Spitfire W3320 Fl/Sgt. A.C.Buttler
After crossing the French coast at Plouescat at 6000 ft. altitude under clouds the Spitfires set direction for an attack on the installations at the Luftwaffe base at Kerlin Bastard (now known as Lann-Bihoué or Base d'aéronautique navale de Lann-Bihoué now part of l'aéroport de Lorient Bretagne Sud near Lorient). The mission was also to observe to see what aircraft the Luftwaffe might have at this airbase. A strafing attack was carried out by Blue Section with damage being caused to the watchtower, barracks and hangars. Following this Red Section proceeded a little further down the coast towards Lorient. It was here that they were bracketed by accurate and heavy flak which firstly hit Spitfire AR343 (Red 3)at 6000 ft.by flak from the Quatre-Chemins Flak Battery located south of Ploemeur. A little later Spitfire BM200 (Red 1) was also hit by the Flak Battery at Kerlec, when flying at low level.
Red 3 was severely damaged and was seen to dive away out of control and crash in flames.
The crash of Spitfire AR343 was witnessed by the local French farmer on whose land the crash occurred, who was the first on the scene, seeing the mangled body of the pilot lying on the ground and some 6 metres away from the remains of the fuselage and cockpit. The Germans were also quickly on the scene and ordered the farmer away. Others in the vicinity also witnessed the plane falling from the sky and hitting the ground.
Red 1 managed to retain control long enough and to climb to a height where Walton was able to parachute out. He landed safely at Kerdanet, near Quimperle and Spitfire BM200 crashed to the ground in a fireball at Rédéné. Whilst at liberty for a short while, and being helped by the local resistance, Walton was captured by the Germans at around 21.00hrs. He was a Prisoner of War for the remainder of World War II. The crash site location of Spitfire BM200 was found and excavated in 2004, by local French enthusiasts.
The recovered and broken Spitfire BM200 Rolls-Royce Merlin engine was donated to the Salle des Expositions at the Base Aéronavale de Lann Bihoué where it has been cleaned by members of the French air and naval veterans association and has been put on display in the Salle des Expositions. 
The six surviving Spitfires returned to RAF Predannack where they landed at 20.50hrs on 27 July 1944.
On Saturday 29 July 1944 the remains of an "Inconnu" English Airman were buried by the German Military Forces in Grave No. 33 in Row 6 at Guidel Cemetery, just a few kilometers north west of the crash site of Spitfire AR343. A witness statement made by the farmer on whose land the Spitfire had crashed records (1) that one of the French-speaking Germans clearing the crash site told him that the body of the pilot had been taken to Guidel to be buried and (2) that on a visit to Guidel two days after the crash on his land the farmer spoke with the gravedigger of Guidel Cemetery who said that a grave was ready and he was going to bury a pilot.
The Lorient Pocket 7 August 1944 – 10 May 1945.
Shortly after the fatal shooting down of Sptifire AR343 at around 19.55 hrs. on 27 July 1944 the area around the crash site, and the area of possible burial of the casualty at Guidel, were contained in what was known as the Lorient Pocket, Festung Lorient, or Poche de Lorient.
After D-Day and the breakout from the invasion beaches into Normandy the major thrust of the advancing Allied Forces was towards Paris. Many retreating German forces, estimated at 100,000 German soldiers, headed for the well defended fortresses of Brest, Lorient and St. Nazaire on the Western and Atlantic Coast of France where the U-Boat bases had been heavily fortified. At Lorient there was the Keroman U-Boat Base. Allied responsibility for clearing the Axis Forces from Brittany was given to General Patton and the U.S. 3rd Army, who became operational on 1 August 1944 and brought the VIII Corps and the 6th Armoured Division together to clear the Brittany peninsula and especially the German forces in Brest. Meanwhile the 4th Armoured Division initially followed, but they then headed for Rennes and Lorient. Once Brest had fallen the senior German Commander, General Der Artillerie, Wilhelm Fahrmbacker took command of all the forces that were centred around Lorient. In total there were some 25,000 Axis Forces and under their commanders, including Konter Admiral Kaehler were determined to hold out, backed by upwards of 500 artillery pieces.
By 7 August these Axis Forces were surrounded on three sides, and on their fourth side was the sea. With many diehards amongst them they set about denying the Allies the use of the port of Lorient, and other forts making up the Atlantic Wall. Some 300 artillery pieces defended attack from the direction of the sea. 
The Lorient Pocket was thus formed, with the Allied Forces, together with Free French Forces and the French Resistance Forces holding the siege for the remainder of World War II. The area was some 850 sq. miles of territory.
Brest was liberated on 19 September 1944, but at a cost of 10,000 American soldiers.
Capturing the ports of Lorient and St.Nazaire intact ceased to be of strategic importance to the Allies and the American Forces abandoned any further plans of attacking the two fortresses on 7 September 1944, and so the sieges continued until the end of World War II.
These forces were cut off from the Reich but occasionally ships or U-Boats reached the Port to replenish supplies. Food was the major problem to those Axis Forces within the Lorient Pocket. 
The Black Panther Division, part of the US 12th Army Group took over from the 94th Infantry Division on 1 January 1945. With a score to settle months of skirmishing then followed. 
Surrender of the Lorient Pocket eventually came on 8 May 1945 when General Fahrmbacher surrendered to General Kramer, in command of the 12th Army Coastal Sector and the US 66th Infantry Division, although there was a two-day delay until the formal surrender actually took place. Much time was available to the Axis forces to destroy their records, so little German military records from the area survive today.
Throughout this period, from 7 August 1944 until 10 May 1945, the crash site of Spitfire AR343 near Ploemeur, and the cemetery at Guidel, were not accessible to the Allied Forces. Nor were any further Allied casualties buried in the cemetery at Guidel. The casualty buried there on Saturday 29 July 1944 was the last World War II Allied RAF casualty to be buried at Guidel.
The above section is included to indicate the context of the period in the area and in the days immediately before and after the shooting down of Spitfire AR343 on 27 July 1944, and to understand the disruption that would be taking place to both the military occupying forces, and to the civilian population.
Immediate Post-War Period.
Following the German surrender in May 1945 both the US and the Allied Forces were soon in the area and as time progressed searches occurred for missing personnel.
For the RAF searches for missing personnel were undertaken by the MREU Unit 7, responsible for searches in the whole of France, and which became operational from August 1945 onwards. 
The US search authorities found their way into the Lorient area and in September 1945 the US 605th Quartermaster Corps Registration Company carried out examination of the Guidel Cemetery, exhuming and transferring US casualties some to the Brittany American Cemetery and Memorial at St. James, near Mont Saint Michel, some to the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial at Colleville-sur-Mer near the Omaha Beach and one to the Ardennes American Cemetery and Memorial at Neupré in Belgium.
The following year, in July 1946, the RAF MREU Unit 7 carried out examination of Grave No. 33, Row 6 at Guidel, where the burial of the "inconnu" English Airman had taken place on 29 July 1944, but were unable to positively identify this casualty.
In the early 1950s the Commonwealth War Graves Commission installed headstones, (replacing the original simple wooden crosses installed over each war grave) in the Military Section of the Guidel Cemetery. Over the grave where the burial took place on 29 July 1944 the inscription reads:
Crash Site Discovery 2001.
In 2001 some metal 'pipes' were seen in woodland near Kercavès, to the south of Ploemeur, poking out from the ground. Local history enthusiasts were alerted and excavation took place which showed that the 'pipes' were the two cannon guns which were fitted to Spitfires. Further metallic objects, including the propeller hub, were excavated and removed from the site. These were identified as coming from a Spitfire MKVb. Further research was undertaken involving French and English researchers and the site was identified as the crash site of Spitfire AR343 piloted by F/O Ernest Russell Lyon.
The French researchers made contact with the 234 Squadron Association and in 2003 were visited by Group Captain N.Walpole OBE BA RAF, then writing Dragon Rampant, the Story of 234 Fighter Squadron, where the fatal shooting down of F/O Lyon is recounted. 
German records were also found in the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) in Washington DC, and in the Bundesarchiv-Militärarchiv at Freiburg, which variously reported and confirmed the shooting down of Spitfires in the area at or around 19.54 hrs on 27 July 1944.
Enquiries to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) in Geneva made in 2009/2010 have revealed no 'totenlist' record of the casualty of 27 July 1944 being made or informed via this route by the German Reich via the Red Cross to the United Kingdom, but given the conditions in the area in immediate period following 27 July 1944 and the disruptions caused by the Allied advances into the area the absence of such a neutral and humanitarian record is not unusual. 
Official recognition of the crash site of Spitfire AR343 by the RAF Air Historical Branch was eventually given on 3 March 2009.
Living Kin found.
The French researchers made enquiries in an attempt to find living kin of the pilot, but were unsuccessful until 2006/07 when the powers of the internet helped. A nephew of the pilot, undertaking his own family history research, placed a memorial message to his uncle on a website, where a memorial page had been opened for the website members to place such memorials in the month preceding Remembrance Day 2006. A short message was entered with the pilot's name, the date of his death, and the location of Ploemeur. In the following months, as the French researchers continued to try to find living kin, this message was noticed. 
Contact between the French researchers and Russell's nephew was soon then made.
Local Honours 2008.
In 2008 the Commune of Larmor-Plage decided to honour the memory of the young pilot of Spitfire AR343 by dedicating a new roundabout in his name. The roundabout is on the Rue de Ploemeur and gave access to a new housing development being built in the village of Kercavès, on the main road between Kernevel and Ploemeur. Beside the roundabout a 'stele' was erected.
The stele was formed by the technical employees of the municipality of Larmor-Plage using the original Spitfire AR343 propeller hub, that had been removed from the nearby crash site. New propeller blades were formed with metal bars and attached to the hub. The stele is fixed to a solid base of granite that was part of the roof of the Keroman U-Boat base at Lorient, just a few kilometers across the estuary to the north east. 
At a dedication ceremony, held with full Military and Civic Honours on 8 November 2008, the stele was unveiled.
The Stele carries a plaque engraved with the name of Ernest Russell Lyon, the date of 27 July 1944 and his RAF Squadron details.
Possible Burial location.
During the earlier years of World War II a number of cemeteries had been used for the burial of Allied Casualties in and around Lorient. During the heavy bombing campaign of Lorient over the winter of 1942/43 there had been many US, UK and Commonwealth casualties. Initially burials of casualties took place in several local cemeteries in and around Lorient, but the local populace staged silent protest attendances at the funerals of the casualties and after mid-1943 the German authorities chose to carry out all such burials of Allied casualties at Guidel, some kilometers north west of Lorient, and in a cemetery surrounded by a high wall where they could control and keep away the local population more easily.
Many believe that grave No. 33 in Row 6 at Guidel Cemetery is where the remains of F/O Ernest Russell Lyon were buried, on 29 July 1944. Attempts have been made, without success so far, to obtain official recognition of this widely held belief. Efforts to achieve official recognition continue.
Memorials.
After World War II Russell Lyon's name was added to the gravestone over his mother Elizabeth's grave in Colinton Cemetery, Edinburgh.
His name is on the War Memorial in Colinton Cemetery
His name is on the War Memorial at George Watson's School Edinburgh
His name is on Panel 207 at the Air Forces Memorial at Runnymede amongst some 20,331 names of World War II RAF casualties with no known grave.
His name is recorded in the Book of Remembrance in the Scottish National War Memorial in Edinburgh Castle.
On 8 November 2008 the town of Larmor-Plage dedicated a roundabout in the name of Ernest Russell Lyon, and a 'stele' was unveiled on land next to the roundabout.
Media Coverage.
1. When the French researchers succeeded in making contact with the living kin of Russell Lyon, and when the Roundabout was dedicated in the name of Ernest Russell Lyon, coverage was given in the English and Scottish Press including The Scotsman, The Daily Record, Daily Mail, The Edinburgh Evening News, 
2. The story was featured in Digging up your Roots, a 30 minute programme, which was broadcast by BBC Radio Scotland in October 2007. This included interviews with the French Researchers, with veteran Spitfire pilots who served with Russell Lyon in 234 Squadron, and with his living kin. 
3. The ceremony of the inauguration of the roundabout on 8 November 2008 was given wide coverage in the Scottish and English Press. The ceremony was also filmed for Anglia TV who broadcast an edited version in the early evening news of 11 November 2008.
4. In the Lorient region of France an article appeared in Ouest-France on Jeudi 23 Janvier 2008 carrying an appeal for further eye witnesses to the crash to come forward. This was successful with three new eye witnesses making contact with the local researchers.
5. In the Lorient region of France the story is used in the local schools for educational purposes and coverage of this has been given by Ouest-France on Mercredi 18 Juin 2008.
6. The 25th Anniversary Edition of Spitfire, The Journal of the Spitfire Society published in Spring 2009, carried an illustrated article on the story at pages 3–6.
7. Article published at pages 36–41, in "Les Cahiers du Pays de Ploemeur, No.17 Decembre 2007 ISSN:1157-2574
Medals.
Posthumously the following medals were awarded to Ernest Russell Lyon and were sent by the Air Ministry to his father:
Bibliography.
Walpole, Group Captain Nigel, OBE, BA. Dragon Rampant: The Story of No. 234 Fighter Squadron. London Colney, Hertfordshire, UK: Merlin Massara Publishing, 2007. ISBN 978-0-9543900-1-3.
Caygill, Peter, The Spitfire Mk V in Action: RAF Operations in Northern Europe. Airlife Publishing, 2001. ISBN 1-84037-248-6 (pp. 207–212)
Hadaway, Stuart, Missing Believed Killed, The Royal Air Force and the Search for Missing Aircrew 1939–1952, Pen and Sword Books, 19 June 2008, ISBN 978-1-84415-734-1
Scottish Aviators
Shot-down aviators

</doc>
<doc id="31046132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046132" title="Yu Zhishan">
Yu Zhishan

Yu Zhishan (; Hepburn: "U Shizan"; 1882 – May 1951), was a military officer under the Beiyang Government and the Fengtian clique, subsequently becoming a cabinet minister in the Empire of Manchukuo.
Biography.
A native of Liaoning Province, in 1923, Yu served as commander of the Northwest Army’s 5th Combined Regiment stationed in Shandong Province. In 1924, he was reassigned to command the 8th Combined Regiment by order of the Manchurian warlord Zhang Zuolin. He was promoted to lieutenant general in June 1927. He returned to Shandong Province as commander of the 30th Army, assisting Chiang Kai-shek in defeating the forces of Yan Xishan in the Central Plains War. However, his alliance with the Kuomintang was short, as he was recalled to Manchuria to guard against the Northern Expedition. Following the death of Zhang Zuolin in the Huanggutun Incident in 1928, Manchuria fell back into chaos. Yu initially supported Zhang Xueliang, who appointed him commander in chief of the military in the 20 prefectures immediately surrounding Shenyang. Following the Mukden Incident of September 1931, Yu worked with Kan Chaoxi to declare Shenyang independent from the Republic of China, and subsequently cooperated with the Imperial Japanese Army on the Self-Government Guiding Board in the establishment of the state of Manchukuo.
In March 1932, Yu was appointed chief of police for Fentian Province in Manchukuo. From July, 1934, he was appointed commander-in-chief of the First Army of the Manchukuo Imperial Army, and from May of the same year, was appointed Army Minister in the Manchukuo Cabinet. In July 1937, the Army Ministry was renamed the Ministry of Public Security, and took over control of all police activities. Yu remained a cabinet minister until April 1939, at which time he was made a member of the Privy Council.
Following the collapse of Manchukuo, he fled to Beijing, where he lived under an assumed name until some point after the establishment of the People’s Republic of China in October 1949. He died in prison at the Fushun War Criminals Management Centre in May 1951 at the age of 72. 

</doc>
<doc id="31046142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046142" title="Colombo Institute of Research &amp; Psychology">
Colombo Institute of Research &amp; Psychology

Colombo Institute of Research and Psychology is a higher educational institution in Sri Lanka providing education in the field of Psychology. CIRP also focuses on promoting research among the young population of the country.
Motives of the Institute.
The Colombo Institute of Research & Psychology is an organization that was incorporated by a group of young professionals in the fields of medicine, psychology and business.
The motive that brought together these young individuals in these different fields was to address an issue that was ignored by the existing educational establishments in Sri Lanka for decades, i.e., lack of research and innovation in the Sri Lankan education system.
Sri Lanka is one of the few countries with a free education system from kindergarten to university level but unfortunately the term “free” could only be applied to the “free of charge” part, as the system hardly encourages free thinking. As a result, the nation is full of graduates with various paper qualifications but anything new or innovative hardly comes out.
Graduates turned out by this system, molded by traditional education and with their brains conditioned to think nothing against the text books, continue to serve and maintain the system.
CIRP was started with the aim of promoting research and related studies popular among the young generation of Sri Lanka.
The main goal of CIRP is to inspire an appreciation of unconstrained thinking, creativity and innovation among the youth of the nation.
The Institute has four divisions dedicated to different disciplinesAcademic Division - Provides higher education in Psychology and Research methodologies
Research Division - Involved with research in several areas of Psychology, Sociology and HRD
Corporate Division - Provides services to organizations in terms of Training & Development 
Clinical Division - Provides Counseling and Psycho-therapeutic services
Academic Division.
High School Psychology.
CIRP is considered the pioneer private institute to offer Psychology as a subject at high school level in Sri Lanka. Since the establishment of its London AL section, CIRP has guided thousands of students for both CIE (Cambridge International Examinations) and Edexcel AS and A Level Psychology. The AL section is personally supervised by Dr. Darshan Perera, the academic director of the institute. Cambridge AL Psychology prizes in 2008, 2009 and 2010 were achieved by Ms. Sabrina Carder, Ms. Astrid Alawattegama and Ms. Maleena Awn - students taught by Dr. Darshan Perera.
The Institute was recognized as the best institute to offer high school psychology by the Edexcel Sri Lanka office and entered into an academic alliance with CIRP to promote psychology among the youth in Sri Lanka. Together with Edexcel office in Sri Lanka, CIRP has been conducting various seminars and workshops at several educational establishments in the country to promote psychology as a high school subject.
Currently CIRP is in an academic partnership with Ladies College, Colombo, one of the most prestigious girl schools in the country. CIRP facilitates Ladies college by providing lecturers and sharing resources. It is considered that around 80% of the students offering Psychology for AL study at CIRP.
Research Division.
The research division of CIRP was established with the aim of making a significant contribution to the global exploration of knowledge by gathering, evaluating and analyzing information on various human behaviors and thinking patterns to facilitate the efforts to improve the quality of life of humans and to strengthen human species to face present and future challenges to their survival.
In par with the vision of CIRP, research division believes that the younger generation should play a pivotal role in the process of making the field of research popular in Sri Lanka, thus it strives to inspire an appreciation of innovation, creativity and unconstrained thinking among youth varying from high school students to young academics and amateur researchers.
References.
The Sunday Times, Sunday February 27, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31046151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046151" title="Paulo Magino">
Paulo Magino

Paulo Magino (born June 23, 1979) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31046158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046158" title="S. N. Swamy">
S. N. Swamy

S. N. Swamy is an Indian screenwriter who works in Malayalam cinema. Particularly known for scripting films in the thriller genre, he has scripted some of the biggest hits in Malayalam film history including the CBI film series ("Oru CBI Diary Kurippu", "Jagratha", "Sethurama Iyer CBI" and "Nerariyan CBI"), "Koodum Thedi", "Irupatham Noottandu", "Moonnam Mura", "August 1", "Naduvazhikal", "Adikkurippu", "Parampara", "Dhruvam", and "Nariman". Though he is best known for the association with directors K. Madhu and Joshiy, he has also associated with other major directors in a few films.
Swamy is the creator of some of the well-known fictional characters in Malayalam cinema including the most famous Sethurama Iyer (portrayed by Mammootty) and Sagar Alias Jacky (portrayed by Mohanlal). Sethurama Iyer, a CBI officer and the protagonist of the CBI film series, was based on a real life police officer called Radhavinod Raju who retired as Chief of India's National Investigative Agency. The four time portrayal of the same character by the same actor (Mammootty) under the same director-writer team (K. Madhu and S. N. Swamy) was a first in Indian cinema. Sagar Alias Jacky, a notorious gold smuggler, was the protagonist in "Irupatham Noottandu" and the eponymous "Sagar alias Jacky Reloaded". The characters Tharadas (originally created by John Paul for the 1984 blockbuster "Athirathram") and Inspector Balram (created by T. Damodaran for the 1986 blockbuster "Aavanazhi"), both portrayed by Mammootty, came together in "Balram vs. Tharadas" through his script. DySP Perumal, another cop enacted by Mammootty, appeared in two films: "August 1" and its sequel "August 15". Another character which has a cult following is Ali Imran, a cop played by Mohanlal in "Moonnam Mura".
His Total films (Scripts) 42, Mammootty played 26 films, Mohanlal played 10 films, Mammootty and Mohanlal jointly acted 2 films, Suresh Gopi acted in 8 films. 

</doc>
<doc id="31046185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046185" title="Carlos Henrique Raimundo Rodriguez">
Carlos Henrique Raimundo Rodriguez

Carlos Henrique Raimundo Rodriguez (born December 24, 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31046186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046186" title="Variimorda villosa">
Variimorda villosa

Variimorda villosa is a species of "tumbling flower beetles" belonging to the family Mordellidae subfamily Mordellinae. 
Their bodies have a sharp rear ending and a quite variable pattern of colours of lighter spots (yellowish, brownish, silvery, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="31046190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046190" title="History of the Soviet Union (1964–82)">
History of the Soviet Union (1964–82)

The history of the Soviet Union from 1964 to 1982, referred to as the Brezhnev Era, covers the period of Leonid Brezhnev's rule of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). This period began with high economic growth and soaring prosperity, but ended with a much weaker Soviet Union facing social, political, and economic stagnation. The average annual income stagnated, because needed economic reforms were never fully carried out.
Nikita Khrushchev was ousted as First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU), as well as Chairman of the Council of Ministers, on 14 October 1964 due to his failed reforms and disregard for Party and Government institutions. Brezhnev replaced Khrushchev as First Secretary and Alexei Kosygin replaced him as Chairman of the Council of Ministers. Anastas Mikoyan, and later Nikolai Podgorny, became Chairmen of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet. Together with Andrei Kirilenko as organisational secretary, and Mikhail Suslov as Chief Ideologue, they made up a reinvigorated collective leadership, which contrasted in form with the autocracy that characterised Khrushchev's rule.
The collective leadership first set out to stabilise the Soviet Union and calm Soviet society, a task which they were able to accomplish. In addition, they attempted to speed up economic growth, which had slowed considerably during Khrushchev's last years as ruler. In 1965 Kosygin initiated several reforms to decentralise the Soviet economy. After initial success in creating economic growth, hard-liners within the Party halted the reforms, fearing that they would weaken the Party's prestige and power. No other radical economic reforms were carried out during the Brezhnev era, and economic growth began to stagnate in the early-to-mid-1970s. By Brezhnev's death in 1982, Soviet economic growth had, according to several historians, nearly come to a standstill.
The stabilisation policy brought about after Khrushchev's removal established a ruling gerontocracy, and political corruption became a normal phenomenon. Brezhnev, however, never initiated any large-scale anti-corruption campaigns. Due to the large military buildup of the 1960s the Soviet Union was able to consolidate itself as a superpower during Brezhnev's rule. The era ended with Brezhnev's death on 10 November 1982.
Politics.
Collectivity of leadership.
After a prolonged power struggle, Khrushchev was finally ousted from his post as First Secretary in October 1964, charged with the failure of his reforms, his obsessive reorganisations of the Party and Government apparatus, his disregard for Party and Government institutions, and his one-man domineering leadership style. The Presidium (Politburo), the Central Committee and other important Party–Government bodies had grown tired of Khrushchev's repeated violations of established Party principles. The Soviet leadership also believed that his individualistic leadership style ran contrary to the ideal collective leadership. Leonid Brezhnev and Alexei Kosygin succeeded Khrushchev in his posts as First Secretary and Premier respectively, and Mikhail Suslov, Andrei Kirilenko, and Anastas Mikoyan (replaced in 1965 by Nikolai Podgorny), were also given prominence in the new leadership. Together they formed a functional collective leadership.
The collective leadership was, in its early stages, usually referred to as the "Brezhnev–Kosygin" leadership and the pair began their respective periods in office on a relatively equal footing. After Kosygin initiated the economic reform of 1965, however, his prestige within the Soviet leadership withered and his subsequent loss of power strengthened Brezhnev's position within the Soviet hierarchy. Kosygin's influence was further weakened when Podgorny took his post as the second-most powerful figure in the Soviet Union.
Brezhnev conspired to oust Podgorny from the collective leadership as early as 1970. The reason was simple: Brezhnev was third, while Podgorny was first in the ranking of Soviet diplomatic protocol; Podgorny's removal would have made Brezhnev head of state, and his political power would have increased significantly. For much of the period, however, Brezhnev was unable to have Podgorny removed, because he could not count on enough votes in the Politburo, since the removal of Podgorny would have meant weakening of the power and the prestige of the collective leadership itself. Indeed, Podgorny continued to acquire greater power as the head of state throughout the early 1970s, due to Brezhnev's liberal stance on Yugoslavia and his disarmament talks with some Western powers, policies which many Soviet officials saw as contrary to common communist principles.
This did not remain the case, however. Brezhnev strengthened his position considerably during the early to mid-1970s within the Party leadership and by a further weakening of the "Kosygin faction"; by 1977 he had enough support in the Politburo to oust Podgorny from office and active politics in general. Podgorny's eventual removal in 1977 had the effect of reducing Kosygin's role in day-to-day management of government activities by strengthening the powers of the government apparatus led by Brezhnev. After Podgorny's removal rumours started circulating Soviet society that Kosygin was about to retire due to his deteriorating health condition. Nikolai Tikhonov, a First Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers under Kosygin, succeeded the later as premier in 1980 (see Kosygin's resignation).
Podgorny's fall was not seen as the end of the collective leadership, and Suslov continued to write several ideological documents about it. In 1978, one year after Podgorny's retirement, Suslov made several references to the collective leadership in his ideological works. It was around this time that Kirilenko's power and prestige within the Soviet leadership started to wane. Indeed, towards the end of the period, Brezhnev was regarded as too old to simultaneously exercise all of the functions of head of state by his colleagues. With this in mind, the Supreme Soviet, on Brezhnev's orders, established the new post of First Deputy Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, a post akin to a "vice president". The Supreme Soviet unanimously approved Vasili Kuznetsov, at the age of 76, to be First Deputy Chairman of the Presidium in late 1977. As Brezhnev's health worsened, the collective leadership took an even more important role in everyday decision-making. For this reason, Brezhnev's death did not alter the balance of power in any radical fashion, and Yuri Andropov and Konstantin Chernenko were obliged by protocol to rule the country in the same fashion as Brezhnev left it.
Assassination attempt.
Viktor Ilyin, a disenfranchised Soviet soldier, attempted to assassinate Brezhnev on 22 January 1969 by firing shots at a motorcade carrying Brezhnev through Moscow. Though Brezhnev was unhurt, the shots killed a driver and lightly injured several celebrated cosmonauts of the Soviet space programme who were also travelling in the motorcade. Brezhnev's attacker was captured, and interrogated personally by Andropov, then KGB chairman and future Soviet leader. Ilyin was not given the death penalty because his desire to kill Brezhnev was considered so absurd that he was sent to the Kazan mental asylum instead for treatment.
Defence policy.
The Soviet Union launched a large military build-up in 1965 by expanding both nuclear and conventional arsenals. The Soviet leadership believed a strong military would be useful leverage in negotiating with foreign powers, and increase the Eastern Bloc's security from attacks. In the 1970s, the Soviet leadership concluded that a war with the capitalist countries might not necessarily become nuclear, and therefore they initiated a rapid expansion of the country's conventional forces. Due to the country's weaker infrastructure compared to the United States, the Soviet leadership believed that the only way to beat the First World was by a rapid military conquest of Western Europe, relying on sheer numbers alone. The Soviet Union achieved nuclear parity with the United States by the early 1970s, after which the country consolidated itself as a superpower. The apparent success of the military build-up led the Soviet leadership to believe that the military, and the military alone, according to Willard Frank, "bought the Soviet Union security and influence".
Brezhnev had, according to some of his closest advisers, been concerned for a very long time about the growing military expenditure in the 1960s. Advisers have recounted how Brezhnev came into conflict with several top-level military industrialists, the most notable being Marshal Andrei Grechko, the Minister of Defence. In the early 1970s, according to Anatoly Aleksandrov-Agentov, one of Brezhnev's closest advisers, Brezhnev attended a five-hour meeting to try to convince the Soviet military establishment to reduce military spending. In the meeting an irritated Brezhnev asked why the Soviet Union should, in the words of Matthew Evangelista, "continue to exhaust" the economy if the country could not be promised a military parity with the West; the question was left unanswered. When Grechko died in 1976 Dmitriy Ustinov took his place as Defence Minister. Ustinov, although a close associate and friend of Brezhnev, hindered any attempt made by Brezhnev to reduce national military expenditure. In his later years, Brezhnev lacked the will to reduce defence expenditure, due to his declining health. According to the Soviet diplomat Georgy Arbatov, the military-industrial complex functioned as Brezhnev's power base within the Soviet hierarchy even if he tried to scale-down investments.
At the 23rd Party Congress in 1966, Brezhnev told the delegates that the Soviet military had reached a level fully sufficient to defend the country. The Soviet Union reached ICBM parity with the United States that year. In early 1977, Brezhnev told the world that the Soviet Union did not seek to became superior to the United States in nuclear weapons, nor to be militarily superior in any sense of the word. In the later years of Brezhnev's reign, it became official defence policy to only invest enough to maintain military deterrence, and by the 1980s, Soviet defence officials were told again that investment would not exceed the level to retain national security. In his last meeting with Soviet military leaders in October 1982, Brezhnev stressed the importance of not over-investing in the Soviet military sector. This policy was retained during the rules of Andropov, Konstantin Chernenko and Mikhail Gorbachev.
Stabilisation.
Though Brezhnev's time in office would later be characterised as one of stability, early on, Brezhnev oversaw the replacement of half of the regional leaders and Politburo members. This was a typical move for a Soviet leader trying to strengthen his power base. Examples of Politburo members who lost their membership during the Brezhnev Era are Gennady Voronov, Dmitry Polyansky, Alexander Shelepin, Petro Shelest and Podgorny. Polyansky and Voronov lost their membership in the Politburo because they were considered to be members of the "Kosygin faction." In their place came Andrei Grechko, the Minister of Defence, Andrei Gromyko the Minister of Foreign Affairs and KGB Chairman Andropov. The removal and replacement of members of the Soviet leadership halted in late 1970s.
Initially, in fact, Brezhnev portrayed himself as a moderate — not as radical as Kosygin but not as conservative as Shelepin. Brezhnev gave the Central Committee formal permission to initiate Kosygin's 1965 economic reform. According to historian Robert Service, Brezhnev did modify some of Kosygin's reform proposals, many of which were unhelpful at best. In his early days, Brezhnev asked for advice from provincial party secretaries, and spent hours each day on such conversations. During the March 1965 Central Committee plenum, Brezhnev took control of Soviet agriculture, another hint that he opposed Kosygin's reform programme. Brezhnev believed, in contrast to Khrushchev, that rather than wholesale reorganisation, the key to increasing agricultural output was making the existing system work more efficiently.
In the late 1960s, Brezhnev talked of the need to "renew" the party cadres, but according to Robert Service, his "self-interest discouraged him from putting an end to the immobilism he detected. He did not want to risk alienating lower-level officialdom." The Politburo saw the policy of stabilisation as the only way to avoid returning to Joseph Stalin's purges and Khrushchev's reorganisation of Party-Government institutions. Members acted in optimism, and believed a policy of stabilisation would prove to the world, according to Robert Service, the "superiority of communism". The Soviet leadership was not entirely opposed to reform, even if the reform movement had been weakened in the aftermath of the Prague Spring in the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic. The result was a period of overt stabilisation at the heart of government, a policy which also had the effect of reducing cultural freedom: several dissident samizdats were shut down.
Gerontocracy.
After the reshuffling process of the Politburo ended in the mid-to-late 1970, the Soviet leadership evolved into a "gerontocracy", a form of rule in which the rulers are significantly older than most of the adult population.
The Brezhnev generation — the people who lived and worked during the Brezhnev Era — owed their rise to prominence to Joseph Stalin's Great Purge in the late 1930s. In the purge, Stalin ordered the execution or exile of nearly all Soviet bureaucrats over the age of 35, thereby opening up posts and offices for a younger generation of Soviets. This generation would rule the country from the aftermath of Stalin's purge up to Mikhail Gorbachev's rise to power in 1985. The majority of these appointees were of either peasant or working class origin. Mikhail Suslov, Alexei Kosygin, and Brezhnev are prime examples of men appointed in the aftermath of Stalin's Great Purge.
The average age of the Politburo's members was 58 years in 1961, and 71 in 1981. A similar greying also took place in the Central Committee, the median age rising from 53 in 1961 to 62 in 1981, with the proportion of members older than 65 increasing from 3 percent in 1961 to 39 percent in 1981. The difference in the median age between Politburo and Central Committee members can be explained by the fact that the Central Committee was consistently enlarged during Brezhnev's leadership; this made it possible to appoint new and younger members to the Central Committee without retiring some of its oldest members. Of the 319-member Central Committee in 1981, 130 were younger than 30 when Stalin died in 1953.
Young politicians, such as Fyodor Kulakov and Grigory Romanov, were seen as potential successors to Brezhnev, but none of them came close. For example, Kulakov, one of the youngest members in the Politburo, was ranked seventh in the prestige order voted by the Supreme Soviet, far behind such notables as Kosygin, Podgorny, Suslov, and Kirilenko. As Edwin Bacon and Mark Sandle note in their book, "Brezhnev Reconsidered", the Soviet leadership at Brezhnev's deathbed had evolved into "a gerontocracy increasingly lacking of physical and intellectual vigour".
New constitution.
During the era, Brezhnev was also the Chairman of the Constitutional Commission of the Supreme Soviet, which worked for the creation of a new constitution. The Commission had 97 members, with Konstantin Chernenko among the more prominent. Brezhnev was not driven by a wish to leave a mark on history, but rather to even further weaken Premier Alexei Kosygin's prestige. The formulation of the constitution kept with Brezhnev's political style and was neither anti-Stalinist nor neo-Stalinist, but stuck to a middle path, following most of the same principles and ideas as the previous constitutions. The most notable difference was that it codified the developmental changes which the Soviet Union had passed through since the formulation of the 1936 Constitution. It described the Soviet Union, for example, as an "advanced industrial society". In this sense, the resulting document can be seen as proof of the achievements, as well as the limits, of de-Stalinisation. It enhanced the status of the individual in all matters of life, while at the same time solidifying the Party's hold on power.
During the drafting process, a debate within the Soviet leadership took place between the two factions on whether to call Soviet law "State law" or "Constitutional law." Those who supported the thesis of state law believed that the Constitution was of low importance, and that it could be changed whenever the socio-economic system changed. Those who supported Constitutional law believed that the Constitution should "conceptualise" and incorporate some of the Party's future ideological goals. They also wanted to include information on the status of the Soviet citizen, which had changed drastically in the post-Stalin years. Constitutional thought prevailed to an extent, and the 1977 Soviet Constitution had a greater effect on conceptualising the Soviet system.
Later years.
In his later years, Brezhnev developed his own cult of personality, and awarded himself the highest military decorations of the Soviet Union. The media extolled Brezhnev "as a dynamic leader and intellectual colossus". Brezhnev was awarded a Lenin Prize for Literature for "Brezhnev's trilogy", three auto-biographical novels. These awards were given to Brezhnev to bolster his position within the Party and the Politburo. When Alexei Kosygin died on 18 December 1980, one day before Brezhnev's birthday, "Pravda" and other media outlets postponed the reporting of his death until after Brezhnev's birthday celebration. In reality, however, Brezhnev's physical and intellectual capacities had started to decline in the 1970s from bad health.
Brezhnev approved the Soviet intervention in Afghanistan (see also "Soviet–Afghan relations") just as he had previously approved the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia. In both cases, Brezhnev was not the one pushing hardest for a possible armed intervention. Several leading members of the Soviet leadership decided to retain Brezhnev as General Secretary so that their careers would not suffer by a possible leadership reshuffling by his successor. Other members, who disliked Brezhnev, among them Dmitriy Ustinov (Minister of Defence), Andrei Gromyko (Minister of Foreign Affairs), and Mikhail Suslov (Central Committee Secretary), feared that Brezhnev's removal would spark a succession crisis, and so they helped to maintain the status quo.
Brezhnev stayed in office under pressure from some of his Politburo associates, though in practice the country was not governed by Brezhnev, but instead by a collective leadership led by Suslov, Ustinov, Gromyko, and Yuri Andropov. Konstantin Chernenko, due to his close relationship with Brezhnev, had also acquired influence. While the Politburo was pondering who would take Brezhnev's place, his health continued to worsen. The choice of a successor would have been influenced by Suslov, but since he died in January 1982, before Brezhnev, Andropov took Suslov's place in the Central Committee Secretariat. With Brezhnev's health worsening, Andropov showed his Politburo colleagues that he was not afraid of Brezhnev's reprisals any more, and launched a major anti-corruption campaign. On 10 November 1982 Brezhnev died. He was honoured with major state funeral and buried on 15 November 1982 at the Kremlin Wall Necropolis.
Economics.
1965 reform.
The 1965 Soviet economic reform, often referred to as the "Kosygin reform", of economic management and planning was carried out between 1965 and 1971. Announced in September 1965, it contained three main measures: the recentralisation of the Soviet economy by re-establishing several central ministries, a decentralising overhaul of the enterprise incentive system (including wider usage of capitalist-style material incentives for good performance), and thirdly, a major price reform. The reform was initiated by Alexei Kosygin's First Government and implemented during the Eighth Five-Year Plan, 1968–1970.
Though these measures were established to counter many of the irrationalities in the Soviet economic system, the reform did not try to change the existing system radically; it instead tried to improve it gradually. Success was ultimately mixed, and Soviet analyses on why the reform failed to reach its full potential have never given any definitive answers. The key factors are agreed upon, however, with blame being put on the combination of the recentralisation of the economy with the decentralisation of enterprise autonomy, creating several administrative obstacles. Additionally, instead of creating a market which in turn would establish a pricing system, administrators were given the responsibility for overhauling the pricing system themselves. Because of this, the market-like system failed to materialise. To make matters worse, the reform was contradictory at best. In retrospect, however, the Eighth Five-Year Plan as a whole is considered to be one of the most successful periods for the Soviet economy, and the most successful for consumer production.
The marketisation of the economy, in which Kosygin supported, was considered to radical in the light of the Prague Spring in the Socialist Republic of Czechoslovakia. Nikolai Ryzhkov, the future Chairman of the Council of Ministers, referred in a 1987 speech to the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union to the "sad experiences of the 1965 reform", and claimed that everything went from bad to worse following the reform's cancellation.
Era of Stagnation.
The Era of Stagnation, a term coined by Mikhail Gorbachev, is considered by several economists to be the worst financial crisis in the Soviet Union. It was triggered by over-centralisation and a conservative state bureaucracy. As the economy grew, the volume of decisions facing planners in Moscow became overwhelming. As a result, labour productivity decreased nationwide. The cumbersome procedures of bureaucratic administration did not allow for the free communication and flexible response required at the enterprise level to deal with worker alienation, innovation, customers and suppliers. The late Brezhnev Era also saw an increase in political corruption. Data falsification became common practice among bureaucrats to report satisfied targets and quotas to the Soviet Government, and this further aggravated the crisis in planning.
With the mounting economic problems, skilled workers were usually paid more than had been intended in the first place, while unskilled labourers tended to turn up late, and were neither conscientious nor, in a number of cases, entirely sober. The state usually moved workers from one job to another which ultimately became an ineradicable feature in Soviet industry; the Government had no effective counter-measure because of the country's lack of unemployment. Government industries such as factories, mines and offices were staffed by undisciplined personnel who put a great effort into not doing their jobs. This ultimately led to, according to Robert Service, a "work-shy workforce" among Soviet workers and administrators.
1973 and 1979 reform.
Kosygin initiated the 1973 Soviet economic reform to enhance the powers and functions of the regional planners by establishing associations. The reform was never fully implemented; indeed, members of the Soviet leadership complained that the reform had not even begun by the time of the 1979 reform. The 1979 Soviet economic reform was initiated to improve the then-stagnating Soviet economy. The reform's goal was to increase the powers of the central ministries by centralising the Soviet economy to an even greater extent. This reform was also never fully implemented, and when Kosygin died in 1980 it was practically abandoned by his successor, Nikolai Tikhonov. Tikhonov told the Soviet people at the 26th Party Congress that the reform was to be implemented, or at least parts of it, during the Eleventh Five-Year Plan (1981–1985). Despite this, the reform never came to fruition. The reform is seen by several Sovietologists as the last major pre-"perestroika" reform initiative put forward by the Soviet government.
Kosygin's resignation.
Following Nikolai Podgorny's removal from office, rumours started circulating within the top circles, and on the streets, that Kosygin would retire due to bad health. During one of Kosygin's spells on sick leave, Brezhnev appointed Nikolai Tikhonov, a like-minded conservative, to the post of First Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers; through this office Tikhonov was able to reduce Kosygin to a backup role. For example, at a Central Committee plenum in June 1980, the Soviet economic development plan was outlined by Tikhonov, not Kosygin. Following Kosygin's resignation in 1980, Tikhonov, at the age of 75, was elected the new Chairman of the Council of Ministers. At the end of his life, Kosygin feared the complete failure of the Eleventh Five-Year Plan (1981–1985), believing that the sitting leadership was reluctant to reform the stagnant Soviet economy.
Foreign relations.
Soviet–First World relations.
Alexei Kosygin, the Soviet Premier, tried to challenge Brezhnev on the rights of the General Secretary to represent the country abroad, a function Kosygin believed should fall into the hands of the Premier, as was common in non-communist countries. This was actually implemented for a short period. Later, however, Kosygin, who had been the chief negotiator with the First World during the 1960s, was hardly to be seen outside the Second World after Brezhnev strengthened his position within the Politburo. Kosygin did head the Soviet Glassboro Summit Conference delegation in 1967 with Lyndon B. Johnson, the then-current President of the United States. The summit was dominated by three issues: the Vietnam War, the Six-Day War and the Soviet–American arms race. Immediately following the summit at Glassboro, Kosygin headed the Soviet delegation to Cuba, where he met an angry Fidel Castro who accused the Soviet Union of "capitulationism".
"Détente", literally the easing of strained relations, or in Russian "unloading", characterised the early part of the era. It meant "ideological co-existence" in the context of Soviet foreign policy, but it did not, however, entail an end to competition between capitalist and communist societies. The Soviet leadership's policy did, however, help to ease the Soviet Union's strained relations with the United States. Several arms control and trade agreements were signed and ratified in this time period.
One such success of diplomacy came with Willy Brandt's ascension to the West German chancellorship in 1969, as West German–Soviet tension started to ease. Brandt's Ostpolitik policy, along with Brezhnev's détente, contributed to the signing of the Moscow and Warsaw Treaties in which West Germany recognised the state borders established following World War II, which included West German recognition of East Germany as an independent state. The foreign relations of the two countries continued to improve during Brezhnev's rule, and in the Soviet Union, where the memory of German brutality during World War II was still remembered, these developments contributed to greatly reducing the animosity the Soviet people felt towards Germany, and Germans in general.
Not all efforts were so successful, however. The 1975 Helsinki Final Act, a Soviet-led initiative which was hailed as a success for Soviet diplomacy, "backfired", in the words of historian Archie Brown. The United States Government retained little interest through the whole process, and Richard Nixon once told a senior British official that the United States "had never wanted the conference". Other notables, such as Nixon's successor as President, Gerald Ford, and National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger were also unenthusiastic. It was Western European negotiators who played a crucial role in creating the treaty.
The Soviet Union sought an official acceptance of the state borders drawn up in post-war Europe by the United States and Western Europe. The Soviets were largely successful; some small differences were that state borders were "inviolable" rather than "immutable", meaning that borders could be changed only without military interference, or interference from another country. Both Brezhnev, Gromyko and the rest of the Soviet leadership were strongly committed to the creation of such a treaty, even if it meant concessions on such topics as human rights and transparency. Mikhail Suslov and Gromyko, among others, were worried about some of the concessions. Yuri Andropov, the KGB Chairman, believed the greater transparency was weakening the prestige of the KGB, and strengthening the prestige of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Another blow to Soviet communism in the First World came with the establishment of eurocommunism. Eurocommunists espoused and supported the ideals of Soviet communism while at the same time supporting rights of the individual. The largest obstacle was that it was the largest communist parties, those with highest electoral turnout, which became eurocommunists. Originating with the Prague Spring, this new thinking made the First World more sceptical of Soviet communism in general.
In particular, Soviet–First World relations deteriorated when the US President Jimmy Carter, following the advice of his National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski, denounced the 1979 Soviet intervention in Afghanistan (see Soviet–Afghan relations) and described it as the "most serious danger to peace since 1945". The United States stopped all grain export to the Soviet Union and persuaded US athletes not to enter the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow. The Soviet Union responded by boycotting the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles. The détente policy collapsed.
Sino-Soviet relations.
In the aftermath of Khrushchev's removal and the Sino-Soviet split, Alexei Kosygin was the most optimistic member of the Soviet leadership for a future rapprochement with the People's Republic of China (PRC), while Yuri Andropov remained sceptical and Brezhnev did not even voice his opinion. In many ways, Kosygin even had problems understanding why the two countries were quarrelling with each other in the first place. The collective leadership; Anastas Mikoyan, Brezhnev and Kosygin were considered by the PRC to retain the revisionist attitudes of their predecessor, Nikita Khrushchev. At first, the new Soviet leadership blamed the Sino-Soviet split not on the PRC, but on policy errors made by Khrushchev. Both Brezhnev and Kosygin were enthusiastic for rapprochement with the PRC. When Kosygin met his counterpart, the Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai, in 1964, Kosygin found him to be in an "excellent mood". The early hints of rapprochement collapsed, however, when Zhou accused Kosygin of Khrushchev-like behaviour after Rodion Malinovsky's anti-imperialistic speech against the First World.
When Kosygin told Brezhnev that it was time to reconcile with the PRC, Brezhnev replied: "If you think this is necessary, then you go by yourself". Kosygin was afraid that the PRC would turn down his proposal for a visit, so he decided to stop off in Beijing on his way to Vietnamese Communist leaders in Hanoi on 5 February 1965; there he met with Zhou. The two were able to solve smaller issues, agreeing to increase trade between the countries, as well as celebrate the 15th anniversary of the Sino-Soviet alliance. Kosygin was told that a reconciliation between the two countries might take years, and that rapprochement could occur only gradually. In his report to the Soviet leadership Kosygin noted Zhou’s moderate stance against the USSR, and believed he was open for serious talks about Sino-Soviet relations. After his visit to Hanoi, Kosygin returned to Beijing on 10 February, this time to meet Mao Zedong personally. At first Mao refused to meet Kosygin, but eventually agreed and the two met on 11 February. His meeting with Mao was in an entirely different tone to the previous meeting with Zhou. Mao criticised Kosygin, and the Soviet leadership, of revisionist behaviour. He also continued to criticise Khrushchev's earlier policies. This meeting was to become Mao's last meeting with any Soviet leader.
Relations did not improve, and in 1968 Lin Biao, the Chinese Defence Minister, claimed that the Soviet Union was preparing itself for a war against the PRC. This tension escalated into small skirmishes alongside the Sino-Soviet border, and both Khrushchev and Brezhnev were derided as "betrayers of " by the Chinese. To counter the accusations made by the Chinese Central Government, Brezhnev condemned the PRC's "frenzied anti-Sovietism", and asked Zhou Enlai to follow up on his word to normalise Sino-Soviet relations. In another speech, this time in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR in 1982, Brezhnev warned First World powers of using the Sino-Soviet split against the Soviet Union, saying it would spark "tension and mistrust". Brezhnev had offered a non-aggression pact to China, but its terms included a renunciation of China's territorial claims, and would have left China defenceless against threats from the USSR. The Soviet Union had by this time championed an Asian collective security treaty in which the USSR would defend any country against a possible attack from the PRC. The Soviet leadership after Brezhnev's death actively pursued a more friendly foreign policy to the PRC, and the normalisation of relations which had begun under Brezhnev, continued under his successors.
Soviet–Eastern Bloc relations.
The Soviet leadership's policy towards the Eastern Bloc did not change much with Khrushchev's replacement. The Brezhnev regime inherited a sceptical attitude towards reform programmes which became more radical in tone following the Prague Spring in 1968. János Kádár, the leader of the People's Republic of Hungary, initiated a couple of reforms similar to Alexei Kosygin's 1965 economic reform. The reform measures, named the New Economic Mechanism, were introduced in Hungary during Khrushchev's rule, and were protected by Kosygin in the post-Khrushchev Era. Polish leader Władysław Gomułka, who was removed from all of his posts in 1970, was succeeded by Edward Gierek who tried to revitalise the economy of the People's Republic of Poland by borrowing money from the First World. The Soviet leadership approved both countries' respective economic experiments, since it was trying to reduce its large Eastern Bloc subsidy programme in the form of cheap oil and gas exports.
Not all reforms were supported by the Soviet leadership, however. Alexander Dubček's political and economic liberalisation in the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic led to a Soviet-led invasion of the country by Warsaw Pact countries in August 1968. Not all in the Soviet leadership were as enthusiastic for a military intervention; Brezhnev remained wary of any sort of intervention and Kosygin reminded leaders of the consequences of the Soviet suppression of the 1956 Hungarian revolution. In the aftermath of the invasion the Brezhnev Doctrine was introduced; it stated that the Soviet Union had the right to intervene in any socialist country on the road to communism which was deviating from the communist norm of development. The doctrine was condemned by the Socialist Republic of Romania, the People's Republic of Albania and Yugoslavia. As a result, the worldwide communist movement became poly-centric, meaning that the Soviet Union lost its role as 'leader' of the world communist movement. In the aftermath of the invasion, Brezhnev reiterated this doctrine in a speech at the Fifth Congress of the Polish United Workers' Party (PUWP) on 13 November 1968:
On 25 August 1980 the Soviet Politburo established a commission chaired by Mikhail Suslov to examine the political crisis in Poland that was beginning to gain speed. The importance of the commission was demonstrated by its composition: Dmitriy Ustinov (Minister of Defence), Andrei Gromyko (Minister of Foreign Affairs), Yuri Andropov (KGB Chairman) and Konstantin Chernenko, the Head of the General Department of the Central Committee and Brezhnev's closest associate. After just three days, the commission proposed the possibility of a Soviet military intervention, among other concrete measures. Troops and tank divisions were moved to the Soviet–Polish border. Later, however, the Soviet leadership came to the conclusion that they should not intervene in Poland. Stanisław Kania, the First Secretary of the PUWP, mooted the Soviet proposal for introducing martial law in Poland. Erich Honecker, the First Secretary of the East German Socialist Unity Party, supported the decision of the Soviet leadership, and sent a letter to Brezhnev and called for a meeting of the Eastern Bloc leaders to discuss the situation in Poland. When the leaders met at the Kremlin later that year, Brezhnev had concluded that it would be better to leave the domestic matters of Poland alone for the time being, reassuring the Polish delegation, headed by Kania, that the USSR would intervene only if asked to.
As Archie Brown notes in his book "The Rise and Fall of Communism", "Poland was a special case". The Soviet Union had intervened in the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan the previous year, and the increasingly hard-line policies of the Reagan Administration along with the vast organisational network of the opposition, were among the major reasons why the Politburo Commission pushed for martial law instead of an intervention. When Wojciech Jaruzelski became Prime Minister of Poland in February 1980, the Soviet leadership, but also Poles in general, supported his appointment. As time went by, however, Jaruzelski tried, and failed, according to Archie Brown, "to walk a tightrope" between the demands made by the USSR and the Poles. Martial law was initiated on 13 December 1981 by the Jaruzelski Government.
During the final years of Brezhnev's rule, and in the aftermath of his death, the Soviet leadership was forced by domestic difficulties to allow the Eastern Bloc governments to introduce more nationalistic communist policies to head off similar unrest to the turmoil in Poland and hence preventing it spreading to other communist countries. In a similar vein, Yuri Andropov, Brezhnev's successor, claimed in a report to the Politburo that maintaining good relations with the Eastern Bloc "took precedence in Soviet foreign policy".
Soviet–Third World relations.
All self-proclaimed African socialist states and the Middle Eastern country of South Yemen were labelled by Soviet ideologists as "States of Socialist Orientation". Numerous African leaders were influenced by Marxism, and even Leninism. Several Soviet think-tanks were opposed to the Soviet leadership's policy towards Third World self-proclaimed socialist states, claiming that none of them had built a strong enough capitalist base of development as to be labelled as anykind of socialist. According to historian Archie Brown these Soviet ideologists were correct, and, as a result no true socialist states were ever established in Africa, though the People's Republic of Mozambique certainly came close.
When the Ba'ath Party nationalised the Iraq Petroleum Company, the Iraqi Government sent Saddam Hussein, the Vice President of Iraq, to negotiate a trade agreement with the Soviet Union to soften the anticipated loss of revenue. When Hussein visited the Soviet Union, he managed to get a trade agreement and a treaty of friendship. When Kosygin visited Iraq in 1972, he and Ahmad Hassan al-Bakr, the President of Iraq signed and ratified the Iraqi–Soviet Treaty of Friendship and Co-operation. The alliance also forced the Iraqi Ba'athist government to temporarily stop their prosecution of the Iraqi Communist Party (ICP). The ICP was even given two ministerships following the establishment of an alliance between the Soviet Union and Iraq. The following year, in 1973, al-Bakr went on a state visit to the Soviet Union, and met Brezhnev personally. Relations between the two countries only soured in 1976 when the Iraq Ba'athist regime started a mass campaign against the ICP and other communists. Despite pleas from Brezhnev for clemency, several Iraqi communists were executed publicy.
After the Angolan War of Independence of 1975, the Soviet Union's role in Third World politics increased dramatically. Some of the regions were important for national security, while other regions were important to the expansion of Soviet socialism to other countries. According to an anonymous Soviet writer, the national liberation struggle was the cornerstone of Soviet ideology, and therefore became a cornerstone for Soviet diplomatic activity in the Third World.
Soviet influence in Latin America increased after Cuba became a communist state in 1961. By the late-1970s, Soviet influence in Latin America had reached crisis proportions according to several United States Congressmen. Diplomatic and economic ties were established with several countries during the 1970s, and several countries, such as Peru, bought external goods from the Soviet Union. Mexico, and several countries in the Caribbean, forged increasingly strong ties with the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (CMEA), an Eastern Bloc trading organisation established in 1949. The Soviet Union also strengthened its ties with the communist parties of Latin America. Soviet ideologists saw the increasing Soviet presence as a part of the "mounting anti-imperialist struggle for democracy and social justice".
The Soviet Union also played a key role in the secessionist struggle against the Portuguese Empire and the struggle for black majority rule in Southern Africa. Control of the Somali Democratic Republic was of great interest to both the Soviet Union and the United States, due to the country's strategic location at the mouth of the Red Sea. After the Soviets broke foreign relations with Siad Barre's regime in Somalia, the Soviets turned to the Derg Government in Ethiopia and supported them in their war against Somalia. Because the Soviets changed their allegiance, Barre expelled all Soviet advisers, tore up his friendship treaty with the Soviet Union, and switched allegiance to the West. The United States took the Soviet Union's place in the 1980s in the aftermath of Somalia's loss in the Ogaden War.
In South-East Asia, Nikita Khrushchev had initially supported North Vietnam out of "fraternal solidarity", but as the war escalated he urged the North Vietnamese leadership to give up the quest of liberating South Vietnam. He continued to reject offers to assist the North Vietnamese government, and instead told them to enter negotiations in the United Nations Security Council. Brezhnev, after taking power, started once again to aid the communist resistance in Vietnam. In February 1965, Kosygin travelled to Hanoi with dozens of Soviet air force generals and economic experts. During the Soviet visit, President Lyndon B. Johnson had allowed US bombing raids on North Vietnamese soil in retaliation of the recent Pleiku airbase attack by the Viet Cong. In post-war Vietnam, Soviet aid became the cornerstone of socio-economic activity. For example, in the early 1980s, 20 to 30 percent of the rice eaten by the Vietnamese people was supplied by the Soviet Union. Since Vietnam never developed an arms industry during the Cold War, it was the Soviet Union who assisted them with weapons and matériel during the Sino-Vietnamese War.
The Soviet Union supported the Vietnamese in their 1978 invasion of Cambodia, an invasion considered by the First World, most notably the United States, and the People's Republic of China to be under the direct command of the Soviet Union. The USSR also became the largest backer of the new puppet state in Cambodia, the People's Republic of Kampuchea (PRK). In a 1979 summit Jimmy Carter complained to Brezhnev about the presence of Vietnamese troops in Cambodia, to which Brezhnev replied that the citizens of the PRK were delighted to have overthrown of the Khmer Rouge-led government; in this, as historian Archie Brown notes, he was right.
Afghan–Soviet relations.
Although the government of Democratic Republic of Afghanistan, formed in the aftermath of the Saur Revolution of 1978, pursued several socialist policies, the country was "never considered socialist by the Soviet Union", according to historian Archie Brown. Indeed, since the USSR had backed the previous regime under Mohammed Daoud Khan, the revolution, which had surprised the Soviet leadership, created many difficulties for the Soviet Union. The People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan, the Afghan communist party, consisted of two opposing factions, the khalqs and the parchams; the Soviet leadership supported the latter, which had also join Moscow in backing the previous Daoud regime. After engineering the coup, however it was the Khalq faction that took over the reins of power. Nur Muhammad Taraki became both President and Prime Minister of Afghanistan, while Hafizullah Amin became the Deputy Prime Minister of Afghanistan, and, from May 1979, Prime Minister. The new Khalq government ordered the execution of several high-standing and low-standing members of the Parcham faction. To make matters even worse, Taraki's and Hafizullah's relationship which each other soon turned sour as opposition against their government increased. On 20 March 1979 Taraki travelled to the Soviet Union and met with Premier Kosygin, Dmitriy Ustinov (Defence Minister), Andrei Gromyko (Foreign Minister) and Boris Ponomarev (head of the International Department of the Central Committee), to discuss the possibilities of a Soviet intervention in Afghanistan. Kosygin opposed the idea, believing that the Afghan leadership had to prove it had the support of the people by combating opposition on its own, though he did agree to increase material aid to Afghanistan. When Taraki asked Kosygin about the possibilities of a military intervention led by the Eastern Bloc Kosygin rebuked him once more, again telling him that the Afghan leadership had to survive on its own. However, in a closed meeting without Kosygin, the Politburo unanimously supported a Soviet intervention.
In late 1979 Taraki failed to assassinate Amin, who, in a revenge attack, successfully engineering Taraki's own assassination on 9 October. Later, in December, the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan at the behest of Khan. On 27 December a KGB unit killed Amin. Babrak Karmal, the leader of the Parcham faction, was chosen by the Soviet leadership as Amin's successor in the aftermath of the Soviet intervention. Unfortunately for the Soviet leadership Karmal did not turn out to be the leader they expected, and he, just as his predecessors had arrested and killed several Parcham-members, arrested and killed several high-standing and low-standing Khalq members simply because they supported the wrong faction. With Soviet troops still in the country, however, he was forced to bow to Soviet pressure, and released all Khalq prisoners. To make matters even worse for Karmal several of the previously arrested Khalq-members were forced to join the new government. At the time of Brezhnev's death, the Soviet Union was still bogged down in Afghanistan.
Dissident movement.
Soviet dissidents and human rights groups were routinely repressed by the KGB. The Soviet dissident movement grew considerably during the Brezhnev Era, due to the revitalisation of some old Stalinist policies. The two leading figures in the Soviet dissident movement during the Brezhnev Era were Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and Andrei Sakharov. Despite their individual fame, both had problems organising an effective opposition to the Soviet regime in the country itself. Sakharov was forced into internal exile in 1979, and Solzhenitsyn was forced out of the country in 1974.
As a result, many dissidents became members of the Communist Party instead of protesting actively against the Soviet system throughout the 1970s and 1980s. These dissidents were defined by Archie Brown as "gradualists" who wanted to change the way the system worked in a slow manner. The International Department of the Central Committee and the Socialist Countries Department of the Central Committee – departments considered by the First World media to be filled with conservative communists – were in fact the departments where Mikhail Gorbachev, as Soviet leader, would draw most of his "new thinkers" from. These officials had been influenced by Western culture and ideals by their travelling and reading. Reformers were also in much greater numbers in the country's research institutes.
Dissident success was mixed. Jews wanting to emigrate from the Soviet Union in the 1970s formed the most successful, and most organised, dissident movement. Their success can be attributed to the movement's support abroad, most notably from the Jewish community in the United States. In addition, as a group they were not advocating a transformation of Soviet society; the Jewish dissident movement was simply interested in leaving the Soviet Union for Israel. The Soviet Government subsequently sought to improve diplomatic ties with the First World by allowing the Jews to emigrate. The emigration flow was reduced dramatically as Soviet–American tension increased in the later half of the 1970s, though it was revived somewhat in 1979, peaking at 50,000. In the early 1980s, however, the Soviet leadership decided to block emigration completely.
In general, the dissident movement had spurts of activity, including during the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia, when several people demonstrated at Red Square in Moscow. With safety in numbers, dissidents who were interested in democratic reform were able to show themselves, though the demonstration, and the short-lived organised dissident group, were eventually repressed by the Soviet Government. The movement was then renewed once again with the Soviet signing of the Helsinki Accords. Several Helsinki Watch Groups were established across the country, all of which were routinely repressed, and many closed down. Due to the strong position of the Soviet Government, many dissidents had problems reaching a "wide audience", and by the early 1980s, the Soviet dissident movement was in disarray: the country's most notable dissidents had been exiled, either internally or externally, sent to prison or deported to the Gulags.
Soviet society.
Ideology and beliefs.
Soviet society is generally regarded as having reached modernity under Brezhnev's rule. As noted by Edwin Bacon and Mark Sandle in their book "Brezhnev Reconsidered", "a social revolution" was taking place in the Soviet Union during his 18-year long reign. The increasingly modernised Soviet society was becoming more urban, and people became better educated and more professionalised. In contrast to previous periods dominated by "terrors, cataclysms and conflicts", the Brezhnev Era constituted a period of continuous development without interruption. There was a fourfold growth in higher education between the 1950s and 1980s; this development was referred to as the "scientific-technological revolution". In addition, women came to make up half of the country's educated specialists.
Following Khrushchev's controversial claim that (pure) communism could be reached "within 20 years", the new Soviet leadership responded by fostering the concept of developed socialism. For them, developed socialism would be socialism "attaining developed conditions", the result of "perfecting" the socialist society which had been created. In short, it would be just another stage in the development of communism. Developed socialism evolved into the Brezhnev regime's ideological cornerstone, and helped it to explain the situation of the Soviet Union. However, the theory of developed socialism theory also held that the Soviet Union had reached a state in development where it was crisis-free, and this proved to be incorrect. As a result, Yuri Andropov, Brezhnev's successor, initiated the de-Brezhnevisation of the Soviet Union during his short time in office, and introduced more realistic ideological theses. He did retain developed socialism as a part of the state ideology, however.
Culture.
During the Brezhnev Era, pressure from below forced the Soviet leadership to alter some cultural policies, though the fundamental characteristics of the Communist system remained the same. Rock music and jeans, which had been criticised as hallmarks of Western culture, were legalised. The Soviet Union even started to manufacture its own jeans in the 1970s. As time progressed, however, the youth were more eager to buy Western products. The Soviet black market flourished during the Brezhnev Era, and "fake Western jeans" became very popular according to Archie Brown. Western rock groups such as The Beatles remained very popular throughout the Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc, even if Soviet official policy remained wary of it. Soviet rock music evolved, and became a form of dissidence against the Soviet system. Vladimir Vysotsky, Alexander Galich and Bulat Okudzhava were the most renowned rock musicians, and their lyrics, and music in general, were critical of the country's Stalinist past, as well as its undemocratic system.
Standard of living.
From 1964 to 1973, the GDP per head in US dollars increased. Over the eighteen years Brezhnev ruled the Soviet Union, average income per head increased by half in equivalent US dollars. In the first half of the Brezhnev period, income per head increased by 3.5 percent per annum, though this represented slightly less growth than in the last years of Khrushchev. This can be explained by the reversion of most of Khrushchev's policies when Brezhnev came to power. Over time, however, citizens did find themselves better off than under Khrushchev. Consumption per head rose by an estimated 70% under Brezhnev, though three-quarters of this growth happened before 1973 and only one-quarter in the second half of his time in office. Most of the increase in consumer production in the early Brezhnev era can be attributed to the Kosygin reform, according to an analysis on the performance of the reform carried out by the Moscow State University.
When the USSR's economic growth stalled in the 1970s, government focus shifted onto improving the standard of living and housing quality. The standard of living in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR) had fallen behind that of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic (GSSR) and the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic (ESSR) under Brezhnev; this led many Russians to believe that the policies of the Soviet Government were hurting the Russian population. To regain support, instead of paying more attention to the stagnant economy, the Soviet leadership under Brezhnev extended social benefits to boost the standard of living. This did indeed lead to an increase, albeit a minor one, in public support for the regime.
During the Brezhnev era, there were material improvements for the Soviet citizen, but the Politburo of the CPSU was given no credit for this; the material improvements in the 1970s, i.e. the cheap provision of consumer goods, food, shelter, clothing, sanitation, health care and transport, were taken for granted by the common Soviet citizen. The common citizen associated Brezhnev's rule more with its limitation than its actual progress: as a result, Brezhnev earnt neither affection nor respect. Most Soviet citizens had no power to change the existing system, so most of them tried to make the best of a bad situation. Rates of alcoholism, mental illness, divorce and suicide rose inexorably during the Brezhnev era.
While investments in consumer goods were below projections, the expansion in output increased the Soviet people's standard of living. Refrigerators, owned by only 32 percent of the population in the early 1970s, had reached 86 percent of households by the late 1980s, and the ownership of colour televisions increased from 51 percent in the early 1970s to 74 percent in the 1980s. On the other hand, though some areas improved during the Brezhnev era, the majority of civilian services deteriorated, with the physical environment for the common Soviet citizen falling apart rapidly. Diseases were on the rise because of the decaying healthcare system, and living space remained rather small by First World standards, with the common Soviet person living in 13.4 square metres. At the same time thousands of Moscow inhabitants were homeless, most of them living in shacks, doorways and parked trams. Nutrition ceased to improve in the late 1970s, with rationing of staple food products returning to locales such as Sverdlovsk.
These effects were not felt uniformly, however. For example, by the end of the Brezhnev era, blue-collar workers had higher wages than professional workers in the Soviet Union. For example, the wage of a secondary school teacher in the Soviet Union was only 150 rubles while a bus driver's wage was 230. As a whole, real wages increased from 96.5 rubles a month in 1965 to 190.1 rubles a month in 1985. A small minority benefitted even more substantially. The state provided daily recreation and annual holidays for hard-working citizens. Soviet trade unions rewarded hard-working members and their families with beach vacations in Crimea and Georgia. Workers who fulfilled the monthly production quota set by the Soviet government were honoured by placing their respective names on the factory's Roll of Honour. The state awarded badges for all manner of public services, and war veterans were allowed to go to the head of the shop queues. All members of the USSR Academy of Sciences were given a special badge and their own chauffeur-driven car. These awards, perks and privileges made it easier for some to find decent job placements, though they did not prevent the degeneration of Soviet society. Urbanisation had led to unemployment in the Soviet agricultural sector, with most of the able workforce leaving villages for the local towns.
Social "rigidification" became a common feature in Soviet society. During the Stalin era in the 1930s and 1940s, a common labourer could expect promotion to a white-collar job if they studied and obeyed Soviet authorities. In Brezhnev's Soviet Union this was not the case. Holders of attractive offices clung to them as long as possible; mere incompetence was not seen as a good reason to dismiss anyone. In this way, in addition to the others previously mentioned, the Soviet society Brezhnev passed on to his successors had become "static".
Historical assessments.
Despite Brezhnev's failures in domestic reforms, his foreign affairs and defence policies turned the Soviet Union into a superpower. His popularity among citizens lessened during his last years, and support for the ideals of communism and Marxism-Leninism waned, even if the majority of Soviet citizens remained wary of liberal democracy and multi-party systems in general.
The political corruption which had grown considerably during Brezhnev's tenure had become a major problem to the Soviet Union's economic development by the 1980s. In response, Andropov initiated a nationwide anti-corruption campaign. Andropov believed that the Soviet economy could possibly recover if the government were able to increase social discipline amongst workers. Brezhnev was seen as very vain and self-obsessed, but was praised for leading the Soviet Union into an unprecedented age of stability and domestic calm.
Following Andropov's death, political wrangling led to harsh criticism of Brezhnev and his family. Mikhail Gorbachev, the last Soviet leader, drew support from hard-line communists and the Soviet population by criticising Brezhnev's rule, and referred to his rule as the "Era of Stagnation". Despite these attacks, in a poll taken in 2006, 61 percent of the people responded that they viewed the Brezhnev era as good for Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31046230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046230" title="Catholic New World">
Catholic New World

The Catholic New World is the official newspaper of the Archdiocese of Chicago.
Its mission is to be the key source of information about the church in Chicago. It provides news, analysis and commentary about the church at the world, national and local levels and about issues of concern to the Catholic community. It acts as an instrument of evangelization by providing current information and guidance in matters of faith, morals and spiritual life.
The newspaper's current Editor-in-Chief is Joyce Duriga.

</doc>
<doc id="31046247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046247" title="Perceived Stress Scale">
Perceived Stress Scale

The Perceived Stress Scale was developed to measure the degree to which situations in one’s life are appraised as stressful. Psychological stress has been defined as the extent to which persons perceive (appraise) that their demands exceed their ability to cope. 
The PSS was published in 1983, and has become one of the most widely used psychological instruments for measuring nonspecific perceived stress. It has been used in studies assessing the stressfulness of situations, the effectiveness of stress-reducing interventions, and the extent to which there are associations between psychological stress and psychiatric and physical disorders. 
The PSS predicts both objective biological markers of stress and increased risk for disease among persons with higher perceived stress levels. For example, those with higher scores (suggestive of chronic stress) on the PSS fend worse on biological markers of aging, cortisol levels, immune markers, depression, infectious disease, wound healing, and prostate-specific antigen levels in men. 
The Perceived Stress scale was developed by Sheldon Cohen and his colleagues.

</doc>
<doc id="31046257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046257" title="Ernst Nagelschmitz">
Ernst Nagelschmitz

Ernst Nagelschmitz (May 1, 1902 – May 23, 1987) was a German footballer who played as a midfielder. He made one appearance for the Germany national football team, in a 4–2 win against the Netherlands on April 18, 1926. Two years later he was in the squad for the 1928 Olympics in Amsterdam, but didn't play. He spent his club career with Bayern Munich, and was part of the team which won the 1932 German football championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31046259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046259" title="Loccit">
Loccit

Loccit is a Bristol based start-up founded in 2010 by entrepreneurs Luke Aikman and Fraser Wood, it has developed a body of technology to preserve a user's "digital footprint". Loccit is currently developing services across web and mobile platforms (including iPhone and Android).
Winners of the Technium Challenge 2010.
In July 2010 Loccit won the Technium Challenge UK (est 2003) after a pitch in front of a judging panel chaired by head-judge (Channel 4’s Secret Millionaire) Kevin Green. The company won a prize package worth £30,000 and established a relationship with the Welsh Assembly Government who were responsible for the administration of the award.

</doc>
<doc id="31046260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046260" title="Charlie Roy">
Charlie Roy

Robert Charles Roy (1884–1950), was a professional baseball pitcher in the Major Leagues for the 1906 Philadelphia Phillies. After playing baseball at the Morris Industrial School for Indians in Minnesota and the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Pennsylvania, he was signed by the Philadelphia Phillies and played in the 1906 baseball season. Following that season, he played for some minor league teams before quitting professional baseball after the 1907 season. Roy eventually relocated to Idaho where he worked at the Fort Hall Indian Reservation school until his death. His brother, Luther Roy, also played professional baseball.
Baseball career.
Charles Roy was a White Earth Ojibwe who was raised for his early life on the White Earth Indian Reservation. In his early teens, he started school at the Morris Industrial School for Indians and while there he was became a key member of the school's baseball team. Because the team lacked the funds for coaches, Charles reported that he learned how to pitch from his older brother Louis Roy.
After graduating from Morris in 1904, he began study at the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in 1905 and 1906. Charles was the captain of the Carlisle baseball team (a team which produced professional baseball players Chief Bender, Frank Jude, Chief Johnson and athlete Jim Thorpe) and the star pitcher for the team. The school newspaper called him "the best college pitcher in the country today." 
The Cincinnati Reds tried to sign Roy in fall of 1905, but the only response came from Major William Allen Mercer, the superintendent of the school, who said "Charles Roy is now away on leave at the White Earth Reservation, in Minnesota...He informed me that he does not intend pitching professional ball for at least two years." However, in May 1906, the Philadelphia Phillies succeeded in signing Roy. He debuted in June 1906 at twenty-one years of age.
His playing time with Philadelphia was limited to eight games and sixteen innings, mostly in relief. His contract expired at the end of the season and he played for minor league teams like the Newark Sailors, Wilmington Peaches, and the Steubenville Stubs during 1907.
Life after playing.
At the end of the 1907 baseball season, Roy was drafted by the Boston Red Stockings but refused to show up. The Washington Post commented about the decision by writing that Roy "says he has had all the National League game he wanted, and rather than report he will go back to the plains and throw mud balls at his fellow-Indians." Having deep religious convictions, Roy explained that he would "never again sign a contract which required him to work on the Sabbath."
In his later life, Roy returned to the White Earth Indian reservation, joined the U.S. Army during World War I, before moving to Idaho on an evangelical Christian mission. He eventually moved to Blackfoot, Idaho where he became the main dairyman at the Indian industrial school at the Fort Hall Indian Reservation.

</doc>
<doc id="31046268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046268" title="Trams in Naples">
Trams in Naples

The Naples tramway network () is located within the city and "comune" of Naples, in the region of Campania, southern Italy. In operation since 1875, the network has waxed and waned in size and vitality over the years, and is now growing once again. It is now long, and comprises three routes, known as lines 1, 2 and 4.
History.
The first tramways in Naples were horsecar lines, opened in 1875.
In 1929, the city of Naples rescued various lines, rolling stock and infrastructure from several concessionaires, before merging them all into the (English: "Naples Municipal Tramway") (ACTN), which had been established in 1918.
In December 1930, the management of the network was entrusted to the "Ente Autonomo Volturno" (EAV), a local public sector producer of electricity. In 1937, the EAV became the concessionaire of the service, but due to various difficulties the city council resumed direct management from 1 January 1941, at the request of the concessionaire.
In 1947, the (English: "Tramway Trolleybus Company of Naples") (ATAN) was established to take over the management of tram services. As in other Italian cities, the tramway network underwent a drastic reduction between 1952 and 1954 in favour of trolleybus lines, and motor vehicles.
Attempts in the late twentieth century to revive what was left of the network, such as the "Linea Tranviaria Rapida" designed for the 1990 FIFA World Cup, did not lead to any results. Instead, the network suffered further cuts (1998: Piazzale Tecchio–Bagnoli; 2000: Piazza Vittoria–Piazzale Tecchio).
A rebuilding program has been launched. The program includes the reconstruction of some infrastructure, and renewal of the tram fleet.
Services.
The Naples tramway network is long, and comprises the following routes:
Due to further work on the construction of Municipio metro station, the movement of trams into Piazza Vittoria is temporarily suspended.
To work around this problem, the city considered building a temporary terminus, which would have been located in Via Cristoforo Colombo. If that terminus had been built, it would have given access to some abandoned tram lines.
Projects.
A new extension is under construction along Via Stadera (formerly line 31). The extension work was scheduled to be completed by the end of 2009 or early 2010, but has been delayed.
The General Plan of Urban Traffic proposes the construction of new tram lines to the district of Ponticelli, and along Via S.Alfonso Maria dei Liguori as far as Piazza Carlo III, the restoration of the connection to Mergellina, and a new line, built to light rail specifications, from Piscinola to Villaricca, on the trail of the former Ferrovia Alifana.
If work on all of these projects were completed, the network would be formed by the following lines:
Depots.
Of the five depots used by the full network, only one remains active, namely the San Giovanni depot, in the eastern Naples suburb of San Giovanni a Teduccio.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at March 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="31046271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046271" title="Luiz Henrique Vieira">
Luiz Henrique Vieira

Luiz Henrique Vieira (born February 4, 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31046280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046280" title="Ambulyx siamensis">
Ambulyx siamensis

Ambulyx siamensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from south-western China (Yunnan) and Thailand.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Shorea obtusa" in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="31046294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046294" title="Natal Legislative Assembly Bill">
Natal Legislative Assembly Bill

The Natives Legislative Assembly Bill of 1894, formed part of the apartheid system of racial segregation in South Africa. 
This legislation sought to deprive Indians in Natal of the parliamentary vote. The bill was opposed by Mahatma Gandhi of India, who submitted a petition signed by 10,000 Indians to the Natal Government. Though unsuccessful to prevent the legislation from being passed eventually it is believed that this bill led to Gandhi establishing the Natal Indian Congress to protect the rights of Indians in South Africa. This created awareness of the racial discrimination towards South Africa Indians around the world.
As a consequence of legislation following this bill, the Indians living in the Natal region were removed of their rights to vote in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="31046301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046301" title="Cyrtandra (plant)">
Cyrtandra (plant)

Cyrtandra is a genus of flowering plants containing about 600 species, with more being discovered often, and is thus the largest genus in the family Gesneriaceae. These plants are native to Southeast Asia, Australia, and the Pacific Islands, with the centre of diversity in Southeast Asia and the Malesian region. The genus is common, but many species within it are very rare, localized, endangered endemic plants. The species can be difficult to identify because they are highly polymorphic and because they readily hybridize with each other. The plants may be small herbs, vines, shrubs, epiphytes, or trees. The genus is characterized in part by having two stamens, and most species have white flowers, with a few red-, orange-, yellow- and pink-flowered species known. Almost all species live in rainforest habitats.
It is an example of a supertramp genus.
Hawaiian "Cyrtandra" are known as ha‘iwale.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="31046323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046323" title="See You on the Other Side World Tour">
See You on the Other Side World Tour

The See You on the Other Side World Tour was a concert tour in support of Korn's seventh studio album, "See You on the Other Side". The tour featured a brief promotional leg in 2005, followed by an extensive North American headlining leg; shows in Asia, Australia and Europe; and finally a newly resurrected Family Values Tour.
Support acts for the tour included Mudvayne, 10 Years, Disturbed, Hatebreed, Flyleaf, Soulfly, Deftones, Stone Sour and Dir en Grey.
Setlist.
The setlist changed extensively between legs, always containing a number of new songs from "See You on the Other Side", as well as fan favourites from previous albums.

</doc>
<doc id="31046330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046330" title="T. Govindan Menon">
T. Govindan Menon

Thottakattu Govindan Menon was an Indian civil servant and administrator who served as the Diwan of Cochin kingdom from 1879 to 1890. He was the younger brother of T. Sankunni Menon. It was during his tenure that the border between Cochin and Travancore kingdoms was settled.

</doc>
<doc id="31046339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046339" title="Pieter Coopse">
Pieter Coopse

Pieter Coopse or Pieter Jansz. Coops (ca.1640, – 1673), was a Dutch Golden Age seascape painter and draughtsman from Hoorn in the Northern Netherlands.
Biography.
According to the RKD ("Rijksbureau Kunsthistorische Documentatie-Dutch:Netherlands Institute for Art History"), he was a pupil of the seascape painter Ludolf Bakhuizen who resided at Hoorn in 1662-1663. He signed his name P.Coopse, sometimes with a second initial J for Jansz, but he seldom added a date. He painted marine subjects and landscapes, in the manner of Bakhuisen and Van de Velde, flourished about the year 1672. His pictures are generally of a small size, well composed, full of subject, and vigorously 
painted. There is a picture by him in the Gallery at Munich, which is attributed to Bakhuisen in the catalogue, though the name may be discovered on 
it: in England the dealers are more cautious; they remove it. Ploos van Amstel and others have given facsimiles of some of his drawings; but it is only recently that his own countrymen have discovered his merit as a painter in oil.

</doc>
<doc id="31046357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046357" title="Juan Carlos Villamayor">
Juan Carlos Villamayor

Juan Carlos Villamayor (born 5 March 1969) is a former Paraguayan football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31046365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046365" title="Oxenfoord Castle">
Oxenfoord Castle

Oxenfoord Castle is a country house in Midlothian, Scotland. It is located north of Pathhead, and south-east of Dalkeith, above the Tyne Water. Originally a 16th-century tower house, the present castle is largely the result of major rebuilding in 1782, to designs by the architect Robert Adam. Oxenfoord was the seat of the Earl of Stair from 1840, and remains in private ownership. It is protected as a category A listed building, while the grounds are included in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland.
History.
The lands of Oxenfoord were owned by the Riddel family in the 12th century. By the 16th century the MacGills owned the estate, and built the original tower house. In 1651, James MacGill was elevated to the peerage as Viscount of Oxfuird. Oxenfoord passed through the family until it was inherited by Thomas Hamilton of Fala. His daughter and heiress, Elizabeth Hamilton, married Sir John Dalrymple, 4th Baronet, in 1760, and they inherited the estate in 1779. Sir John, a lawyer, scientist and historian, published "Memoirs of Great Britain and Ireland" (1771), and "Essays on Different Natural Situations of Gardens" (1774), an influential book at the time. A friend of Robert Adam, he commissioned the architect to rebuild his tower house at Oxenfoord in 1780. The L-plan tower was absorbed into the new building, in a similar manner to Adam's Culzean Castle. A new approach bridge was built around this time by Alexander Stevens, an Adam associate. The bridge is also a category A listed building. 
Sir John's son, in 1840, inherited the title 8th Earl of Stair. He commissioned William Burn to remodel the castle in 1842. A new wing and entrance was added in the style of Adam's work. The 8th and 9th Earls established a pinetum in the grounds of the house. In 1864 the 10th Earl inherited Lochinch Castle in Galloway, and made his principal home there rather than at Oxenfoord. From 1931 until 1993 the house was used as a school, founded by Lady Marjorie Dalrymple. Since 1993, the house is once more in private hands, and is used as a wedding venue.

</doc>
<doc id="31046366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046366" title="Helen Shaw">
Helen Shaw

Helen Shaw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31046372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046372" title="Podgorica, Dobrepolje">
Podgorica, Dobrepolje

Podgorica () is a village south of Videm in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Our Lady of the Rosary () and belongs to the Parish of Dobrepolje–Videm. It dates to the mid-17th century with major 19th-century alterations.

</doc>
<doc id="31046385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046385" title="Oxenfoord Castle School">
Oxenfoord Castle School

Oxenfoord Castle School was a girls' private boarding school, based at Oxenfoord Castle in Midlothian, near Edinburgh in Scotland.
The school was founded in 1931 and closed in 1993. It was founded by Lady Marjorie Dalrymple.

</doc>
<doc id="31046403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046403" title="Christopher Meyer (author)">
Christopher Meyer (author)

Christopher Meyer (born November 28, 1948) is an innovator, business builder, author, founder of Monitor Talent (part of Monitor Group), and thought leader on the future of the global economy. He is listed as one of the Top 200 Business Gurus in Thomas H. Davenport's book "What's the Big Idea? Creating and Capitalizing on the Best New Management Thinking," and was on the cover of Consulting Magazine's June 2001 issue on "The Truth About R&D." His work is dedicated to anticipating and shaping the future of business.
Education.
Meyer holds BAs in both Mathematics and Economics from Brandeis University, and a M.B.A. with Distinction from The Harvard Business School. In addition, he held a University Pre-doctoral Fellowship in Economics at the University of Pennsylvania.
Career.
From 1984 to 1995, Meyer was a Vice President and Group Head at Mercer Management Consulting, where he founded and built the firm's practice in the information industries, comprising telecommunications, hardware, software, and information services and media. 
From 1995 until December 2002, Meyer was the Director of the Center for Business Innovation at Cap Gemini Ernst & Young. He transformed the Center from an institutional university model to a networked research capability, anticipating issues from the "global, mobile, always-on" network to the rising importance of intangible assets. While at the Center, Meyer also founded and served on the Board of BiosGroup, a venture with Santa Fe Institute Stuart Kauffman that invested in applications of complexity theory to business.
In 2004, Meyer founded and became Chief Executive of Monitor Networks, a Monitor Group company; in 2006 he founded Monitor Talent, a business based on the view of markets for human capital contained in his book "Future Wealth". 
Meyer serves on the Boards of Icosystem, the Bankinter Foundation for Innovation, the Business Innovation Factory, and the New Repertory Theatre, and the Advisory Boards of Innocentive and LaunchCyte.
Writing.
His fourth book, "Standing on the Sun - How the Explosion of Capitalism Abroad Will Change Business Everywhere", about how capitalism evolves as the economic center of gravity shifts to low-income, fast-growth, digital-native economies, was published by Harvard Business School Press in February 2012. Seth Godin included Standing on the Sun in his Booklist for 2012.
Craig Torres of Bloomberg BusinessWeek Magazine says "Standing on the Sun" is an "insightful look at how the information economy is reshaping companies and economies". 
He has previously published three books about adaptive enterprise and network-based innovation, including the BusinessWeek Best Seller "Blur: The Speed of Change in the Connected Economy", "Future Wealth", and "It’s Alive: The Coming Convergence of Information, Biology and Business". 
He blogs on the Harvard Business Review site, and has contributed to publications including Harvard Business Review, Sloan Management Review, Fast Company, TIME, The Wall Street Journal, and BusinessWeek. 

</doc>
<doc id="31046405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046405" title="Helen Nichol (disambiguation)">
Helen Nichol (disambiguation)

Helen Nichol is a badminton player.
Helen Nichol or Nicol may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31046422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046422" title="Helen Hayes (disambiguation)">
Helen Hayes (disambiguation)

Helen Hayes was an actress.
Helen Hayes is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31046431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046431" title="Joseph Reay Greene">
Joseph Reay Greene

Joseph Reay Greene (1836-1903) was an Irish zoologist.
Between 1858 and 1877 Reay Greene was Professor of Natural History in Queen's College, Cork. He was one of the Editors of the "Natural History Review". He was a specialist in Hydrozoa.
Joseph Reay Greene is not to be confused with the Irish entomologist Joseph Greene
Works.
Partial list
References.
Renouf, L.P.W. 1931 Cork's contribution to natural history "Irish Naturalists' Journal" 3, 239-

</doc>
<doc id="31046433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046433" title="Peter Füri">
Peter Füri

Peter Füri (born 9 October 1937, in Basel) is a former Swiss football player and manager, who played during the 1950s and 1960s.
He was born and brought up in "Kleinbasel" a Quarter of Basel on the right hand side of the Rhine. He started his football at the small local club FC St. Clara and later joined the youth teams of FC Basel. 
During his career Füri played as a Striker for FC Concordia Basel and later as a defender for FC La Chaux-de-Fonds and FC Basel. In 1963 he was member of the Basel squad who won the Swiss Cup by beating the favourites Grasshopper Club Zürich in the Final at the Wankdorf Stadium (2:0). Basel trainer at that time was Georges Sobotka and team mates were Porlezza and Odermatt. Füri played in all games except the Final because he became ill.
Honours and Titles.
Concordia Basel
Basel

</doc>
<doc id="31046437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046437" title="Bob O'Shea">
Bob O'Shea

Bob O’Shea (born July 3, 1960) is a British former wheelchair rugby captain of the Great Britain national wheelchair rugby team. 
He was the captain of the team that came in 6th place at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He was also on the team for the 4th place at the 2004 Summer Paralympics.
In 1998, on his 28th birthday, he broke his neck while diving into a pool.

</doc>
<doc id="31046439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046439" title="Helen Hay">
Helen Hay

Helen Hay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31046448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046448" title="R W B Stephens Medal">
R W B Stephens Medal

The R W B Stephens Medal is a prize from the Institute of Acoustics named after Dr Ray Stephens, the first President of the Institute of Acoustics. His main interests lay in physical acoustics but he is remembered by generations of students for his continuing work in education. The medal is awarded in odd-numbered years for outstanding contributions to acoustics research or education.
External links.
R W B Stephens Medal past winners on IOA web page

</doc>
<doc id="31046457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046457" title="Rhys Evans (disambiguation)">
Rhys Evans (disambiguation)

Rhys Evans is an English footballer.
Rhys Evans is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31046461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046461" title="M. P. Vijayakumar (civil servant)">
M. P. Vijayakumar (civil servant)


</doc>
<doc id="31046471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046471" title="Nassarius candens">
Nassarius candens

Nassarius candens, common name the bright nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
Description.
The shell size varies between 12 mm and 21 mm
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean along the Marquesas Islands

</doc>
<doc id="31046477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046477" title="Minuscule 839 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 839 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 839 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε427 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript is not lacunose and good preserved.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 246 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 22 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in mark 241, 16:20), with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables, tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each of the Gospels, Synaxarion, Menologion, and pictures.
According to Scrivener the manuscript is in good preservation, the Eusebian Canon tables are exquisite.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex placed in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it belongs to the textual cluster 490 and creates pair with 1486.
History.
Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 14th century, C. R. Gregory dated it to the 13th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (630e) and Gregory (839e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the University of Messina (Libr. 88), in Messina.

</doc>
<doc id="31046497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046497" title="South African Class 8A 4-8-0">
South African Class 8A 4-8-0

The South African Class 8A 4-8-0 of 1902 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.
In 1902 the Imperial Military Railways placed forty Cape Eighth Class 4-8-0 Mastodon type steam locomotives in service. In that same year, when the Central South African Railways was established, they were designated Class 8-L1. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and reclassified to Class 8A.
Manufacturers.
Due to the shortage of locomotives brought about by wartime conditions during the Second Freedom War, the Imperial Military Railways (IMR) placed orders for forty Cape Eighth Class locomotives with two Scottish locomotive manufacturers in 1901. They were built to the specifications of the 8th Class Mastodon type designed by H.M. Beatty, the chief locomotive superintendent of the Cape Government Railways (CGR) from 1896 to 1910, and were the last locomotives to be ordered under the military administration.
With the cessation of hostilities in June 1902, the working of all railways in the Transvaal and Orange Free State was handed over to civil control. On 1 July 1902 the IMR became the Central South African Railways (CSAR) and the forty locomotives therefore came onto the CSAR roster, where they were designated Class 8-L1. The twenty built by Neilson, Reid and Company were numbered in the range from 401 to 420, and the twenty by Sharp, Stewart and Company were numbered in the range from 421 to 440.
Reclassification.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the Cape Government Railways, the Natal Government Railways and the CSAR, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the South African Railways (SAR) came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
When these forty locomotives were assimilated into the SAR in 1912, they were renumbered in the range from 1092 to 1131 and reclassified to '.
All the CGR’s 8th Class 2-8-0 Consolidation types and 8th Class Mastodon types, together with the CSAR’s Class 8-L2 and 8-L3 Mastodon type locomotives, were grouped into ten different sub-classes by the SAR. The locomotives became SAR Classes 8 and 8A to 8F and the locomotives became Classes 8X to 8Z.
Modification.
During A.G. Watson’s term as Chief Mechanical Engineer (CME) of the SAR from 1929 to 1936, many of the Class 8 to Class 8F locomotives were equipped with superheated boilers, larger bore cylinders and either inside or outside admission piston valves. The outside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased from to and retained their existing SAR classifications, while the inside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased to and were reclassified by having a "W" suffix added to their existing SAR classifications.
Of the Class 8A locomotives, fourteen were equipped with superheated boilers, bore cylinders and outside admission piston valves, while retaining their Class 8A classification.
Two locomotives were equipped with superheated boilers, bore cylinders and inside admission piston valves and were reclassified to '.
The Classes 8A and 8AW builders, works numbers, renumbering and superheating modifications are shown in the table.
Service.
Government railways.
In SAR service, the Class 8 family of locomotives served on every system in the country and in the 1920s it became the mainstay of motive power on many branchlines. Their final days were spent in shunting service and by 1972 they were all withdrawn.
Industrial.
In November 1971 one Class 8A locomotive, number 1126, was sold to the Zambesi Saw Mills (ZSM) in Zambia. This was the last locomotive to be purchased by this logging company that worked the teak forests that stretched to the north-west of Livingstone in Zambia. It had built one of the longest logging railways in the world to serve its sawmill at Mulobezi.
Railway operations ceased at Mulobezi around 1972, whilst operation of the line to Livingstone was taken over by the Zambia Railways (ZR) in 1973. Number 1126 was employed as a shunter at Mulobezi after logging operations had ceased and the ZR had taken over the mainline. It was returned to Livingstone in December 1975 and eventually, in June 1983, it went to the Railway Museum at Livingstone.
Service illustrated.
The main picture shows SAR Class 8A no. 1106 at Breyten, Transvaal on 4 April 1981, before it was plinthed at Ermelo. The original appearance of the cylinders and the appearance of the modified outside admission valve cylinders after modification are illustrated by the pictures below.

</doc>
<doc id="31046507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046507" title="Mayfa' Abdel Rahman">
Mayfa' Abdel Rahman

Mayfa' Abdel Rahman al-Qiyadi (born 1951) is a Yemeni short story writer and journalist. He studied at the Gorki Insititute in Moscow and obtained an MA in 1982. He is known for his short stories which explore the social and political realities of Yemen. His first collection of short stories appeared in 1975, followed by a second one in 1983. His work has appeared in English translation in a 1988 anthology called "The Literature of Modern Arabia" (edited by Salma Khadra Jayyusi).
Abdel Rahman has worked for the Ministry of Information in Aden. He has also been a contributor to Yemeni journals such as "Al-Nidaa". In 2010, as part of a court judgment against "Al-Nidaa" and its journalists, Abdel Rahman was given a three-month suspended jail sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="31046544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046544" title="Garfield, Colorado">
Garfield, Colorado

Garfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in Chaffee County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 15.

</doc>
<doc id="31046552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046552" title="Maysville, Colorado">
Maysville, Colorado

Maysville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Chaffee County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 135.

</doc>
<doc id="31046554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046554" title="Podpeč, Dobrepolje">
Podpeč, Dobrepolje

Podpeč () is a village southwest of Videm in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Martin and belongs to the Parish of Dobrepolje–Videm. It dates to the 16th century and was extensively renovated in the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31046559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046559" title="Smeltertown, Colorado">
Smeltertown, Colorado

Smeltertown is a census-designated place (CDP) in Chaffee County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 120.

</doc>
<doc id="31046580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046580" title="Funtactix">
Funtactix

Funtactix is an award winning online game development studio specializing in social games and mobile games based on major motion pictures. Funtactix currently maintains a studio network with offices in New York City, Los Angeles and Tel Aviv.
History.
Funtactix was founded in Israel in 2006 by Yaron Leifenberg and Ilan Graicer, backed by Jerusalem Venture Partners (JVP) and Benchmark Capital.
Products.
The Hunger Games Adventures.
The official social network game for The Hunger Games film and novel was released in closed beta for fans concurrently with the theatrical release of the film on March 23, 2012 The game was then released to the public a week later on March 30, 2012. The Hunger Games Adventures was then released on iPad on September 13, 2012 and iPhone/iPod Touch on February 7, 2013, with a release on the Kindle Fire following on October 18, 2013.
Mission:Impossible - The Game.
The official social network game for the film series was launched on November 21, 2011 shortly before the theatrical release of .
New Boyz: The World.
The official social network game for the hip hop duo The New Boyz was launched on May 2, 2011 shortly before the release of the group's second album Too Cool to Care.
Rango: The World.
Launched day-and-date with, and based on the animated movie Rango, Rango: The WORLD is a flash based MMO / virtual world for kids. This online game is one of several planned games as part of a multi title deal with Paramount to produce virtual worlds and games for selected Paramount brands.
Moondo.
Moondo, a virtual world of online multi-player 3D games, was one of the first full 3D action games in the browser and the first to introduce the cross-gaming concept of a single avatar used in multiple games. Moondo was up for a year (2008–2009) and had over 150,000 active players over that period. As part of the company reset in 2009, Moondo was taken down.
Acrobatix.
Acrobatix is a rendering and animation system that enables a high-fidelity representation of animated characters and items on low-end, non-hardware-accelerated user platforms like Flash, mobile devices and netbooks. The system is optimized for item-based economies and enables a swift pipeline with a lean distribution system that is highly cost efficient. One of the major benefits of Acrobatix is the use of motion capture data for ultra high-resolution characters.

</doc>
<doc id="31046581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046581" title="Official Secrets Act 1889">
Official Secrets Act 1889

The Official Secrets Act 1889 (52 & 53 Vict. c. 52) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It created offences of disclosure of information (section 1) and breach of official trust (section 2). It was replaced for the United Kingdom by the Official Secrets Act 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="31046582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046582" title="Love and Action in Chicago (film)">
Love and Action in Chicago (film)

Love And Action In Chicago is a 1999 American action romantic comedy starring Courtney B. Vance, Regina King and Kathleen Turner. The film, written and directed by Dwayne Johnson-Cochran, in his directorial debut, focuses on a celibate hired assassin finding love with a quirky accountant in the Windy City.
Plot.
Eddie (Courtney B. Vance) is trained killer for the Eliminator Corp, a shadowy government organization dedicated to wasting society's undesirables. Since he is a devout Catholic, he reconciles his beliefs and career choice by taking a vow of celibacy. Sensing that her underling could use some fun, Eddie's boss—known only as Middleman (Kathleen Turner) -- sets him up on a blind date with no-nonsense Lois Newton (Regina King). The tenacious Lois is struck by the gloomy loner and sets about trying to break Eddie's vow of chastity and his homicidal line of work. In the process, Eddie begins to rethink his life, much to the dismay of Middleman and his work associates. Jason Alexander, Michael Gilio, and Ed Asner co-star in this debut effort by writer-director Dwayne Johnson-Cochran. "Love and Action in Chicago" premiered at the 1999 Toronto Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31046636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046636" title="Podtabor, Dobrepolje">
Podtabor, Dobrepolje

Podtabor () is a settlement in the southern part of the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31046646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046646" title="Non-Archimedean ordered field">
Non-Archimedean ordered field

In mathematics, a non-Archimedean ordered field is an ordered field that does not satisfy the Archimedean property. Examples are the Levi-Civita field, the hyperreal numbers, the surreal numbers, the Dehn field, and the field of rational functions with real coefficients with a suitable order.
Definition.
The Archimedean property is a property of certain ordered fields such as the rational numbers or the real numbers, stating that every two elements are within an integer multiple of each other. If a field contains two positive elements for which this is not true, then must be an infinitesimal, greater than zero but smaller than any integer unit fraction. Therefore, the negation of the Archimedean property is equivalent to the existence of infinitesimals.
Applications.
Hyperreal fields, non-Archimedean ordered fields containing the real numbers as a subfield, may be used to provide a mathematical foundation for non-standard analysis.
Max Dehn used the Dehn field, an example of a non-Archimedean ordered field, to construct non-Euclidean geometries in which the parallel postulate fails to be true but nevertheless triangles have angles summing to .
The field of rational functions over formula_1 can be used to construct an ordered field which is complete (in the sense of convergence of Cauchy sequences) but is not the real numbers. This completion can be described as the field of formal Laurent series over formula_1. Sometimes the term complete is used to mean that the least upper bound property holds. With this meaning of complete there are no complete non-Archimedean ordered fields. The subtle distinction between these two uses of the word complete is occasionally a source of confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="31046657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046657" title="Inventive Designers">
Inventive Designers

Inventive Designers is a privately owned software development company, based in Antwerp, Belgium. The company was founded in 1994 by Guy Dehond and Patrick Morren. 
Guy Dehond was one of the beta testers of the AS/400 (codenamed "Silverlake") at IBM. Dehond and Morren had worked with this system for years, and their first products were for the AS/400. Later they started to design products for cross-platform environments. Today, the company specializes in software solutions for customer communications, Automated Document Factory and output process optimization for customers in the public, financial, telecommunications, utility, insurance and healthcare industry, in over 30 countries.
In 2010 the company received a CIOnet Innovation Award 
The company participates in the AFP Consortium and the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). At the W3C, Inventive Designers was active in the XSL Working Group, and Chief Technical Officer Klaas Bals was the editor of XSL Requirements 2.0 document. Currently, the company plays an active role in W3C's Forms Working Group.
At the end of 2012 the second generation took over the company: Guy Dehond handed over the company to his daughter Joke Dehond and his son-in-law Klaas Bals. They will retain the identity and the DNA of the company, but put their own accents.
Products.
DTM for iSeries or DTM for AS/400.
In 1995 IBM purchased Lotus Software for $3.5 billion, primarily to acquire Lotus Notes and to establish a presence in the increasingly important client–server computing segment, which was making host-based products like IBM's OfficeVision obsolete. Guy Dehond and Patrick Morren decided to provide a solution to these customers that had millions of archived and active documents in OfficeVision. In 2000 they released DTM for AS/400, a native System i (AS/400) Data/Text Merge solution. It includes 5250 or Word based editing, creating modifiable merged documents, producing SCS and AFP color print streams, 5250 or Word based Fill forms. It is based on XML technology and allows the import of existing OV/400 RFT/FFT documents. IBM discontinued support of OfficeVision as of October 6, 2003.
Scriptura Engage.
Scriptura started in 2001 as one of the first software solution to actively use XSL-FO, which (at that time) was still a W3C recommendation and not a standard yet. The release of the Scriptura Designer in 2001 allowed its users to create XSL-FO templates, based on XML input data. Rather than having to write XSL-FO code, the Scriptura Designer was a WYSIWYG design tool that allowed users to design a template and export it as an XSL-FO template. 
In 2003, the Scriptura Server was released and allowed use of XSL-FO templates from the Scriptura Designer as input format to create output in Portable Document Format (PDF). There were separate components for batch and online processing. At that time, Inventive Designers was invited by IBM's Watson Research Laboratories to join the W3C XSL Working Group. New output formats were added over the years, including AFP, PDF/A, TIFF, RTF, PostScript and PCL. In 2005, Scriptura E-Forms was released, to allow users to design and process electronic forms, based on W3C's XForms standard. 
Scriptura is based on the separation of content and layout, and the templates that are created with the Scriptura Designer were independent of the final output format. It was the Scriptura Server that did the transformation from XSL-FO into a final output format. That way, a single template could be used for every output format. Support for multichannel output was implemented and customers started asking for post-processing operations like bundling, sorting and grouping. This resulted in the release of the Scriptura Bundler component (2005), which later evolved into the Scriptura PostProcessor (2007). 
The PostProcessor was a Java API, so additional programming was needed to implement it. Also, there was a need for better pluggability and a need to cover the entire document process. And since Scriptura wanted to offer the opportunity to be used by non-IT users, a graphical interface was needed. In 2008, the Scriptura DocumentFlow was released, a graphical interface that enabled users to design the whole document process, from data retrieval to output delivery. 
Scriptura DocumentFlow serves as the basis for the Scriptura Automated Document Factory, which was released in 2010. The Scriptura Document Flow is based in the ADF 2.0 definition by Gartner, and is able to handle hardware feedback, do tracking and tracing, reporting and closed loop.
In October 2010 the newest version of Scriptura was released with a new name, Scriptura Engage, to reflect the new architecture and technical strategy, aimed at allowing organisations to engage their stakeholders with multichannel communication.
Scriptura LiveDocs was released in 2013. LiveDocs offers interactive document composition, allowing users to interactively compose documents tailored to the customers needs.
IntelliStamp.
IntelliStamp was introduced by the company in 2009. It is a hybrid electronic signature product that is used to protect both electronic documents and their paper printouts. It is used by organizations and governments. The technology was one the short list of Logica's Global Innovation Venture Program in 2009 for Belgium, Netherlands, Luxemburg and Germany.
IntelliStamp has received multiple awards since its first release.
Since 2013 IntelliStamp is offered as a cloud service on the IntelliStamp Center. This is done either directly or through your home provider, because the IntelliStamp Center is an independent, cross-sector initiative supported by the various partners in the ICT market.

</doc>
<doc id="31046667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046667" title="Junaid Muhammad Junaid">
Junaid Muhammad Junaid

Junaid Muhammad Junaid (born 1955) is a Yemeni poet. He worked as a teacher in Aden. His first book of poetry was called "A Garland for a Qaitbani Woman". His poem "Identity for a Prophetic Body" was translated into English and included in a 1988 anthology on modern Arabian literature.

</doc>
<doc id="31046678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046678" title="1. Oberösterreichischer Rugby Sport Club">
1. Oberösterreichischer Rugby Sport Club

1. Oberösterreichischer Rugby Sport Club (also known as RC McDonalds Oberösterreich for sponsorship reasons) is an Austrian rugby club in Linz.
History.
The club was founded in 2000 by a Czech, Jaromir Jungmann, who had played rugby in Prague before moving to Linz. Their first match was on 17 June 2000 in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="31046681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046681" title="Acleris tungurahuae">
Acleris tungurahuae

Acleris tungurahuae is a species of moth belonging to the family Tortricidae. It is found in Ecuador.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The head is yellowish white. The ground colour is pale brownish with browner suffusions and brown remnants of markings. The dorsum is orange, although the tornal area is more brownish. The hHindwing is whitish grey mixed with brown in the apical area. It is distinct from all other New World "Acleris" species, although rather comparable with "Acleris emera" and "Acleris matthewsi".
Etymology.
The name refers to the terra typica, the Province of Tungurahua.

</doc>
<doc id="31046683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046683" title="Sergey Ivanovich Smirnov">
Sergey Ivanovich Smirnov

Sergey Ivanovich Smirnov (), 12 April 1953 – 8 November 2006, was a Russian artist.
In looking at his art, one can easily appreciate that Smirnov ranks Gustav Klimt, the Austrian painter whose images were a cornerstone of the art nouveau movement, as an important influence. He also cites Modigliani and Rembrandt as major influences, as well as Andrei Rublev and Pheophan Grek, who were celebrated masters of Slavic icon painting. Smirnov’s style has echoes of his favorite period of Russian art, known as “parsuna”, which bridged the worlds of religious and personal portraiture, as Russian painters began adopting the portrait painting styles of Western European salons. “Parsuna”, which is derived from the Latin persona, means mask, and the hybrid imagery, first used in the 17th century, re-mains in play to this day in the art of Sergey Smirnov.
Biography.
Sergey Smirnov was born in 1953, in an area of Russia bordering the Pacific Ocean known as the Kamchatka Peninsula. His father was an army officer. In his late teen years, Smirnov and his family settled in Moscow.
In 1979, Smirnov began to take classes at the Moscow City Art College. He graduated from the art college in 1984 as class valedictorian, with a master’s degree in art. His remarkable skill in church and cathedral renovation, led to a position as a restorer of aging and antique church icons and frescoes.
In 1988, Smirnov became a member of the International Federation of Artists and National Artists’ Union of Russia. Starting in 1991, Smirnov served as chief editor for the Advertising and Image Creation Corporation of the Russian government’s International Trade Corporation. Smirnov designed and developed logos and graphics for a wide variety of Russian corporations, winning countless national and international awards for his work. But in 1994 this spirit moved him to devote himself entirely to painting. He became the regular participant of international solo and group exhibitions.
In 1996, Smirnov exhibited at the Orlean House in London. In 1997, Smirnov was honored as only the third living artist to have a personal exhibit in the Kremlin’s Manezh, which ranks as one of the most prestigious art galleries in the world. Smirnov has been avidly collected throughout the world, and his art is included in several noteworthy Russian collections, including those of former Russian President Boris Yeltsin, former Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin, former Minister of Defense Evgeny Shaposhnikov and many others.
In July 2001, he signed a contract with Fingerhut Group Publishers, California. From 2001 to 2006, Smirnov’s paintings were exhibited in the Fingerhut Galleries in California. Fingerhut Group releases graphic limited editions.
Sergey Smirnov died suddenly of a heart attack on November 8, 2006 in Sausalito while coming to his solo exhibition in La Jolla.

</doc>
<doc id="31046684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046684" title="Daisy Hurst Floyd">
Daisy Hurst Floyd

Daisy Hurst Floyd (born July 9, 1956) is an American lawyer, law professor, and law school dean. She currently (as of March 2014) serves as dean of the Walter F. George School of Law of Mercer University in Macon, Georgia, United States.
Early life and education.
Floyd attended Randolph-Macon Woman's College from 1973-75. She then earned a bachelor's degree, summa cum laude, and a master's degree in political science, both from Emory University in 1977. Floyd earned her law degree from the University of Georgia School of Law in 1980.
Early career.
Early in her career, Floyd worked as the director of the legal research and writing program at the University of Georgia School of Law. She also worked as an attorney for the firm Alston, Miller & Gaines, which now is known as Alston & Bird.
Academic career.
Floyd served as a professor at the Texas Tech University School of Law from 1990-04. She then served as dean of the Walter F. George School of Law of Mercer University from 2004-10; she was reappointed as dean in 2014 when her successor accepted another position with the university. Floyd served as a senior professor at Mercer following her first term as dean and will continue to do so; she will serve as dean until a permanent replacement is selected. 
Possible judicial nomination.
On February 28, 2011, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported Floyd was under consideration for nomination to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit; the court had a vacancy due to the retirement of Judge Stanley F. Birch, Jr. Floyd was not nominated and maintained her position as a law professor at Mercer.
Personal.
Floyd's husband, Tim Floyd, is also a law professor at Mercer. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="31046688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046688" title="David Smith (chef)">
David Smith (chef)

David Andrew Smith (born 1982 at Katoomba, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian chef, hospitality consultant, and producer of gourmet food products.
Starting as a kitchenhand at the age of 14, Smith was keen to become a chef. He spent many years in kitchens in small cafés and restaurants, and managing club catering operations. In August 2004 he started at Mash Café & Restaurant as the head chef in Glenbrook, New South Wales, where he finally had a chance to grow and show off his skills and ideas.
Mash Café & Restaurant served upmarket breakfasts and lunches, and contemporary fine dining for dinner. Within the first year of trading, Mash received 'New Restaurant of the year' from the NSW Restaurant & Catering associations VISA International Awards for Excellence. Soon afterwards followed a very positive review in the Sydney Eats Guide. The following year Mash received a review in the "Sydney Morning Herald"'s Good Living Section and later in the year reviews in the Sydney Eats Guide and the influential "Sydney Morning Herald" Good Food Guide; the editor, Simon Thomsen, said in the review that "Mash gives new meaning to soul food". The following year also saw Mash getting reviews with the Sydney Eats Guide and the "Sydney Morning Herald" Good Food Guide.
In July 2008 Smith started at Glenella in Blackheath as the head chef. Glenella has operated as a guesthouse and restaurant since 1905. It was made famous between 1973 and 1989 by Michael and Monique Manners. The restaurant was considered by many as the pinnacle of regional dining.
David arrived at Glenella after the restaurant hadn't been operating for a number of years. The rooms and restaurant were renovated, and the famous restaurant was reborn. Their first review was in the "Sydney Morning Herald"'s Traveller section saying "The piece de resistance of the modern-day Glenella, as with the original in the 1970s, is the quality of the food. The restaurant, under chef David Smith, who has made his way up the mountain from Mash Cafe and Restaurant at Glenbrook, has a small and simple menu comprising four entrees ($16), five mains including some outstanding rabbit and duck (all $32) and four desserts ($15), as well as a cheese platter. An application for a wine-bar license has been approved, so non-diners will soon be able to enjoy a drink".
In September 2009, when the "Sydney Morning Herald" Good Food Guide was released, Glenella received a very positive review, setting them in line to grow on to better things. Unfortunately, even after these reviews and the business that they brought with them, the goal of the restaurant changed and in April 2010 Smith left Glenella.
Shortly after this, it was reported in the "Sydney Morning Herald"'s Good Living section titled "A Surry state of affairs for Smith" that Smith was working on his new hospitality business, Oz Hospitality Consultants, and was looking at starting work as the executive chef for a new Italian restaurant in Surry Hills, Sydney.
At this stage, Smith focused on his consulting business, which offers Australia-wide hospitality consulting services, rather than returning to running a kitchen.
In December 2010, Smith, with his partner Elizabeth Sgroi, opened their second business, Handsome Drake Fine Foods. Located in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, they specialise in quality jams, relishes, chutneys, organic biscotti, organic lavosh, flavoured oils, curry pastes, organic pasta, pasta sauces, preserved vegetables, and muesli.
Smith commented that he was looking into the opportunity to open a shop and cafe or a restaurant some time in the next two years.

</doc>
<doc id="31046691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046691" title="Minuscule 840 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 840 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 840 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε427 (von Soden), is a 13th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript is lacunose.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Luke (1:51-22:46), on 125 paper leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 24 lines per page.
It contains a commentary.
There are τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex placed in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
Scrivener and C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 13th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 13th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (631e) and Gregory (840e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the University of Messina (Libr. 100), in Messina.

</doc>
<doc id="31046706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046706" title="Acleris supernova">
Acleris supernova

Acleris supernova is a species of moth belonging to the family Tortricidae. It is found in Ecuador.
The wingspan is about 17 mm. The head is whitish yellow and the thorax is yellow. The round colour is yellow preserved in costal, dorsopostbasal (paler), and terminal (slightly tinged rust) parts of wing. The remaining area is suffused rust-brown except for the dorsal
half where it is blackish brown. Markings are blackish brown in the form of incomplete postbasal and median fasciae. The hindwing is pale brownish grey, although whiter towards the base.
Etymology.
The name refers to the excellent (or super) colouration of this moth.

</doc>
<doc id="31046714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046714" title="Lent Bumps 2011">
Lent Bumps 2011

The Lent Bumps 2011 was a series of rowing races being held at Cambridge University from Tuesday 1 March 2011 until Saturday 5 March 2011. The event was run as a bumps race and is the 124th set of races in the series of Lent Bumps which have been held annually in late-February or early March in this form since 1887. See Lent Bumps for the format of the races. In 2011, 121 crews took part (69 men's crews and 52 women's crews), with nearly 1100 participants in total.
Links to races in other years.
-->
Bumps Charts.
Below are the bumps charts all 4 men's and all 3 women's divisions, with the men's event on the left and women's event on the right. The bumps chart represents the progress of every crew over all four days of the racing. To follow the progress of any particular crew, simply find the crew's name on the left side of the chart and follow the line to the end-of-the-week finishing position on the right of the chart. The combined Hughes Hall/Lucy Cavendish women's crews are listed as Lucy Cavendish only.
"Note that this chart may not be displayed correctly if you are using a large font size on your browser. A simple way to check is to see that the first horizontal bold line, marking the boundary between divisions, lies between positions 17 and 18."
The Getting-on Race.
The Getting-on Race allows a number of crews which did not already have a place from last year's races to compete for the right to race this year. Up to ten crews are removed from the bottom of last year's finishing order, who must then race alongside new entrants to decide which crews gain a place (with one bumps place per 3 crews competing, subject to the maximum of 10 available places).
The 2011 Lent Bumps Getting-on Race took place on 25 February 2011.
Competing crews.
Men.
20 men's crews raced for 7 available spaces at the bottom of the 4th division. The following were successful and rowed in the bumps.
The following were unsuccessful.
Women.
20 women's crews raced for 7 available spaces at the bottom of the 3rd division. The following were successful and rowed in the bumps.
The following were unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="31046718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046718" title="Ard van der Steur">
Ard van der Steur

Gerard Adriaan (Ard) van der Steur (born October 7, 1969 in Haarlem) is a Dutch politician and lawyer. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he has been an MP since June 17, 2010. He focuses on matters of judiciary, constitutional and administrative law.
He was a member of the municipal council of the former municipality of Warmond from 2002 to 2006 and has been a member of its successor the municipal council of Teylingen since 2006. In both cases he was respectively is also VVD fraction leader.
Van der Steur studied law at Leiden University.

</doc>
<doc id="31046727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046727" title="Iskandar Jalil">
Iskandar Jalil

Iskandar Jalil (born 5 January 1940) is a Singapore ceramist. He was awarded the Cultural Medallion for Visual Arts in 1988.
Early works.
Contrary to the famous believe, Iskandar's early works was first made in the teacher training college instead of Japan. The artist describes his early works as "..crude but honest works. They show no philosophy. I didn't think that much about color or ideas when I made them. The philosophy and aesthetics come in later.
Career.
Iskandar grew up at Kampong Chantek at Bukit Timah and studied at Victoria School. He had trained and worked initially as a maths and science teacher. However, his second Colombo Plan scholarship in 1972 brought him to Japan where he was refined his techniques in the fine art of pottery, much appreciated by the Japanese. Thus began his passion for pottery. Since the 1970s, Iskandar had exhibited his work in Malaysia, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan, and Sweden. Besides being a prolific potter, he also influenced young artists through his teaching. He taught at the Baharuddin Vocational Institute and later at Temasek Polytechnic's School of Design until his retirement in 1999. He also taught at community centres and the Nanyang School of Fine Arts. He has been an external examiner for colleges in Australia and Malaysia. He still gives weekly lectures on pottery at the National University of Singapore. In addition, he also participated in community projects such as helping to fund the Singa Kiln Project in Siem Reap, Cambodia, in 2004.
A hugely influential instructor-mentor, Iskandars oeuvre occupies a pivotal place in modern ceramics art history in Singapore. The characteristic features of Iskandar's works include tactile, rich surfaces, use of twigs as embellishments, use of Southeast Asian motifs and Jawi calligraphy, use of Iskandar Blue, his one-hand technique and local clay, his admiration of Japanese ceramics aesthetics and philosophy (e.g. Mingei Craft Movement). Iskandar has produced large public art works alongside the modest chawan bowl.
Iskandar's work is featured in the collections of many international public and private collections, such as those by the National Museum of Sweden, Sultan of Brunei, former American President George Bush, and the Governor of Hong Kong. His work is also included in several collections in Singapore, including those by Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew, National Museum of Singapore, several banks, statutory boards and educational organisations. Some of his larger works can be seen in public places like the MRT wall mural in Tanjong Pagar MRT Station (1988), and the wall mural in Changi Airport Terminal Two (1990). His works are also displayed at the Istana.
Iskandar was awarded the Berita Harian Achiever Award given by Berita Harian.

</doc>
<doc id="31046730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046730" title="Dimitar Anakiev">
Dimitar Anakiev

Dimitar Anakiev (Dimitar Grigorov Anakiev), is an independent filmmaker, writer and poet. Anakiev was born in Belgrade in 1960. Anakiev completed his Faculty of Medicine at University of Niš in Niš, Serbia in 1986 and worked seven years as a Medical Doctor. Anakiev resided in Slovenia beginning in 1987 but shortly thereafter and without warning found himself among the victims of administrative ethnic cleansing ("Erased"), the result of secret illegal action enacted 26 February 1992 by the democratic Slovenian government one year after the disintegration of the state of Yugoslavia. For 10 years Anakiev was compelled to live without personal documents (such as passport or personal identification), rendering him an invisible prisoner of the Slovenian democracy. At this point Anakiev purchased a small video camera and began his film career, in an attempt to make himself and other marginal Balkan people visible. The success of Anakiev's films (including the Slovenian national film award) has made it possible for him to continue filmmaking as a producer, director and writer. Anakiev's company, Dimitar Anakiev Films s.p.-DAF (now Anakiev Production) specializes in socially engaged films of the Balkans in the post-communist era. Anakiev is a founding member of the "Slovenian Director Guild", and a member of the "Slovenian Filmmaker Association".
Selected films.
"Amigo", 36', DV, KDZ Tolmin-AFC Beograd, 2003
"Rubbed Out", 45', DV, Dimitar Anakiev Films, Tolmin, 2004
"Ti si jedini gazda ove kuće", 15’, 35 mm, DAF, Tolmin, 2006
"Srpski ekseri", 50', DV, DAF-Film Fokus, Radovljica-Niš, 2007
"Poslednji Žilnik", 61', DV, DAF-Film Fokus, Radovljica-Niš, 2007
"Moj ljubi geto", 47',DV, DAF, Radovljica, 2008
"Državljan A.T.", 55 min, HD, Anakiev Production, Brusselles-Radovljica, 2010
"Slovenija moja dežela", 51 min, HD, Anakiev Production, Radovljica, 2012
"Normalno življenje", 86 min, HD, Anakiev Production, Radovljica, 2012
Film Awards.
"Vesna" National Award for Documentary Film, Celje, 2003
"High Artistic Achievement Golden Knight", Moscow Film Festival, 2003
"Best Documentary", DokMa 2007, international competition, Maribor, 2007
"Bronze Horseshoe" 2008, Asterfest, Strumica, 2008
Tributes.
“Destiny of the erased people is for Mr. Anakiev an individual and collective tragedy that should actually never happen. The ultimate purpose of the film is to eliminate reasons, that caused this film to be made.”
- Dr. Nikolai Jeffs, critic, University of Ljubljana
“Although Mr Anakiev is telling the story through the personal stories, he manages to show the lives of the erased through many different dimension and therefore offers a holistic picture.”
- Nataša Posel, director, Amnesty International Slovenia
“Mr. Anakiev is a compassionate artist who seeks to improve life for his subjects and bring attention to the neglected, and in this, he is a rare and vital talent... Anakiev is in possession of personal methodology of documentary filmmaking which will enable him to follow destinies of his heroes with different ethnic backgrounds but at the same time to present the realities in social, political and economic circumstances...”
-Želimir Žilnik, Serbian film director
Poetry and essays.
Anakiev is also an internationally renowned haiku poet, editor and essayist. Anakiev began writing haikus in 1985, and is considered the “grandfather“ of many Balkan haiku projects such as "Haiku novine" (Haiku Newspapers, Serbia 1993), "Prijatelj" (Slovenia 1996) and "Apokalipsa" haiku edition (1996 Slovenia). Anakiev is the co-founder of the World Haiku Association with Jim Kacian and Ban'ya Natsuishi. One of the best known haikus by Anakiev was broadcast on BBC London in August 2000:
Selected books.
"Ptičija staza", 1995, Prosveta, Niš (in Serbian)
"Pticha pateka", 1996, Matom, Sofia (in Bulgarian)
"Lastovke", 1998, Ljubljana (in Slovenian)
"At the Tombstone", 2003, Red Moon Press, Winchester, VA (in English)
"Balcony", 2006, Red Moon Press, Winchester, VA (in English)
"Kosovo Peony", 2008, Red Moon Press, Winchester, VA (in English)
"Rustic", 2010, Red Moon Press, Winchester, VA (in English)
Literary awards
European Award: "Medal of Franz Kafka", 1999, Prague
The Museum of Haiku Literature Award, 2000, Tokyo
Haiku Society of America Annual "Merit Book Award", 2003
"Shamrock" Haiku Journal Readers' Choice Award, 2009, Dublin
Editor (periodicals)
"Haiku Novine", 1993–present, Niš, Serbia
"Prijatelj" 1996-1998, Tolmin, Slovenia
Editor (books)
"Knots: An Anthology of Southeastern European Haiku", 1999, Prijatelj, Slovenia (co-edited with Jim Kacian, English)
"Pound of Silence, anthology of Slovenian haiku", 2005, Apokalipsa, Ljubljana
"Encyclopædia Britannica Yearbook" editor of SouthEastern European Literature, 2000–2001
E-novine
Anakiev is also regular contributor of "E-novine" (E-news), regional news portal in Serbian-Croatian-Bosnian-Monenegrian.
Interviews.
Dimitar Anakiev intervieved by Špela Raspotnik (“Kings of the Road” No.6/2006):
[http://dimitarinterview.wordpress.com/2011/02/28/3/]
Video interview with Dimitar Anakiev by Igor Mašera (Slovenian, 2008)
[http://vimeo.com/6034492]
Films online.
[http://www.onlinefilm.org/-/film/34123]
[http://www.archive.org/details/Zradirani_-_Rubbed_Out]
[http://vimeo.com/1034854]
[http://www.archive.org/details/Moj_ljubi_geto_-_My_Dear_Ghetto]
External links.
1.http://www.idfa.nl/industry/tags/profile.aspx?id=91a0e366-51ca-47e1-bb20-79fd4980a547
2.http://www.e-novine.com/author/dimitar-anakiev
3.http://www.kwartalnik-pobocza.pl/pob27/srb/danakiev_srb.html
4.http://simplyhaiku.com/SHv3n2/features/Sasa_Vazic_intrvw.html
5.http://bashosroad.outlawpoetry.com/dimitar-anakiev-balkan-haiku/dimitar-anakiev/haiku/
6.http://www.varuh-rs.si/index.php?id=973&L=6

</doc>
<doc id="31046732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046732" title="SM City Masinag">
SM City Masinag

SM City Masinag is a shopping mall located along Marcos Highway, Antipolo City, Philippines. This is the only Philippine SM Supermall branch to be opened by the company in 2011 and the second SM Supermall to be opened in the Province of Rizal after SM City Taytay. It was designed by Architectonica and Point Design Inc. SM Masinag is also the second SM Supermall located in Marcos Highway after SM City Marikina.
Interior and Exterior.
This 3-story modernistic shopping mall is the first mall to name its Department store as SM Store. It is also the second SM mall to have a glass elevator after SM Megamall which is placed in the atrium of the mall. The interior design of the mall was designed like every after major SM branch. It is also the first SM Supermall to have a rotating electric fan-like machine on the ceiling, followed by SM City Dasmariñas Annex and SM City Olongapo.

</doc>
<doc id="31046743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046743" title="Henricus sangayanus">
Henricus sangayanus

Henricus sangayanus is a species of moth belonging to the family Tortricidae. It is found in Ecuador.
The wingspan is about 24.5 mm. The head and thorax are ferruginous cream. The ground colour is yellow cream strigulated with ochreous rust. Concolorous spots represent costal parts of the usual markings of the "Henricus" genus. The dorsum is brown with some rust scales near the posterior part of the inner edge and blackish scales at the tornus. The hindwing is cream tinged yellowish in apical part.
Etymology.
The name refers to the type locality (Prov. Morona Santiago, N.P. Sangay).

</doc>
<doc id="31046772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046772" title="Heby AIF">
Heby AIF

Heby AIF is a Swedish football club located in Heby in Uppsala County.
Background.
Heby Allmänna Idrottsförening is a sports club from Heby that was formed on 15 May 1912.
Since their foundation Heby AIF has participated mainly in the middle divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 3 Södra Norrland which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Tegelvallen in Heby.
Heby AIF are affiliated to Upplands Fotbollförbund. In 2009 the club's Board decided to start a new club known as Heby AIF FF to play in the lower divisions.
Recent History.
In recent seasons Heby AIF have competed in the following divisions:
2011 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2010 - Division III, Norra Svealand
2009 - Division III, Norra Svealand
2008 - Division II, Norra Svealand
2007 - Division II, Norra Svealand
2006 - Division III, Södra Norrland
2005 - Division IV, Uppland
2004 - Division III, Norra Svealand
2003 - Division III, Norra Svealand
2002 - Division III, Norra Svealand
2001 - Division III, Norra Svealand
2000 - Division III, Norra Svealand
1999 - Division III, Norra Svealand
1998 - Division III, Norra Svealand
1997 - Division III, Norra Svealand
1996 - Division III, Norra Svealand
1995 - Division III, Norra Svealand
1994 - Division II, Västra Svealand
1993 - Division III, Södra Norrland
Attendances.
In recent seasons Heby AIF have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="31046773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046773" title="Ftrans">
Ftrans

Ftrans Corp. is an Atlanta, GA based provider of technology enabled collateral monitoring services to banks for monitoring their commercial and industrial loan portfolios. Founded in 2004, Ftrans provides commercial lending services to banks and receivables services to bank clients (borrowers) in the United States. Ftrans was listed on the Inc. 500 list of the fastest growing private companies in the United States in 2009 and on the Inc. 5000 list in 2010, and was ranked 13th in the Financial Services category after posting 718% growth in 2009. Ftrans has been listed as a "top 40 most innovative company in Georgia" in 2009 and 2010 by the Technology Association of Georgia.
Products.
Ftrans provides commercial loan collateral monitoring solutions to C&I lenders. Ftrans Monitoring enables lenders to offer working capital loans to small to mid-size businesses with light monitoring capability by providing a web-based view of the borrower's working capital collateral. Ftrans Advanced bridges the gap between lightly monitored C&I lending and asset-based lending characterized by intensive monitoring. Ftrans also provides third-party servicing of SBA 7(a) CAPLine programs. Through its direct funding division, AdvancedAR, Ftrans provides commercial and industrial small business funding.
Technologies.
Ftrans’ software as a service based platform is based on current Microsoft .NET technologies. The software provides a real time interactive platform for Ftrans personnel to provide replacement services for major functions within the business at a high productivity level driven by automation and flow designed to enforce ‘best practice’ processes.
Partners.
Ftrans works with a variety of institutions to provide small business funding to clients. In 2007, Ftrans partnered with Synovus Financial Corp. to provide receivables best practices to small businesses to provide sufficient verification of their collateral to secure financing.
Clients.
Ftrans serves more than 150 clients in a wide variety of B2B industries who in turn serve more than 10,000 active customers. Ftrans' clients range from small sole-proprietor companies to fast-growing mid-sized companies with more than $500,000 in annual sales, including businesses that do not have hard assets to use as collateral. To date, Ftrans has processed more than $600 million in accounts receivable for its clients.

</doc>
<doc id="31046778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046778" title="Spindle Magazine">
Spindle Magazine

Spindle Magazine is a magazine that promotes emerging talent across the fields of fashion, music, film, art and design. Established in 2008, Spindle is distributed throughout the UK and also has an active online blog, spindlemagazine.com.
Though Spindle is dedicated to showcasing emerging talent, it also contains a mix of interviews and profiles with established artists as well as up and coming individuals.
Issues.
Spindle has so far completed five issues. Each issue has a set theme that numerous contributors across various fields write about.
Events.
Spindle also hosts various fashion, music and arts based events, showcasing the work of the contributors to the magazine. These include fashion shows, fashion and art sales, gigs and art exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31046795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046795" title="Infinitely Virtual">
Infinitely Virtual

Infinitely Virtual is (IV) a California-based hosting company and subsidiary of Altay Corporation. The company supplies IT products and services that leverage server virtualization concepts and technology. IV builds products that meet the needs of small and medium companies internationally.
Corporate History.
Adam Stern started Altay Corporation in 2003, the same year he completed a business degree from California State University, Northridge. Stern’s purpose was to provide professional services to small- and medium-sized businesses. Altay Corporation experienced rapid growth as it provided companies such as Tutor-Saliba Corporation, now Tutor Perini with Windows and VMware solutions. Stern previously worked for CallOne, Inc., a value-added reseller of computer equipment and professional services. From 1997 to 2000, Stern led CallOne as the Vice President of Operations. He then worked for 3Com in 2000.
Stern chose Angela Terry to lead Infinitely Virtual’s financial operations. Terry’s educational and professional backgrounds matched well with the company’s needs. She received her BA in Economics from UCLA in 1982 and passed all four parts of the CPA exam on her first attempt. After working for public accounting firms, she took time off to raise a family and eventually started her own accounting practice. When Stern launched Infinitely Virtual, he sought out Terry for her financial expertise.
As Altay developed, Stern gained valuable insights as a business leader. Over the next few years, he began to recognize that virtualization would be the future of computing. In 2007, he created Infinitely Virtual as a subsidiary of Altay Corporation to provide Virtual Dedicated Server solutions to growing enterprises. As an early adopter, it was apparent that small and medium sized businesses had much to gain from virtual hosting services. Yet the technologies were too complex to handle in-house. As a result, Infinitely Virtual focused on this market, which grew exponentially over the next few years.
Infinitely Virtual Begins.
Infinitely Virtual began with a pilot virtual environment at the One Wilshire data center utilizing Hewlett-Packard hardware, offering Windows and Linux virtual dedicated servers. Ahead of its time by several years, this was essentially a cloud computing platform before the term existed. With further development, services such as Virtual Terminal Servers, Virtual Office Networks and other customized configurations were offered to customers as well.
In 2009, Infinitely Virtual moved their primary data center from the One Wilshire collocation site to the Wilshire Annex in Los Angeles. This move enabled Infinitely Virtual to continue offering the most technologically sophisticated Virtual Dedicated Servers while maintaining some of the lowest prices in the industry. Due to increased growth, a secondary data center at the AmericanIS Lightwave Data Center was brought online in San Diego. 
Products and services include VMWare vSphere based Virtual Dedicated Servers running on HP c7000 Series bl490c blade servers, Virtual Terminal Server, Virtual Office, SharePoint, Exchange, Turnkey Linux OS, and InfiniteApp Application Virtualization plans. Security features include Perimeter Antivirus and Juniper Firewalls, McAfee Anti-Spam and Email Encryption.
Corporate Responsibility.
Corporate responsibility and environmental consciousness is high on the list of priorities for Infinitely Virtual. All products and services feature low-power consumption, in many cases under 10 watts per server. Infinitely Virtual reduces its environmental impact by being both a provider and consumer of cloud-based services thus helping to keep our air and water clean.
Market Successes.
Infinitely Virtual has routinely been voted one of the fastest growing companies throughout 2010-2011. Additional features and services are offered on a regular basis and its market is growing exponentially.
Products and Services.
Infinitely Virtual specializes in Windows- and Linux-based Virtual Server Hosting, as well as Microsoft Exchange Server Hosting, Office Virtualization, and Cloud Hosting solutions. Infinitely Virtual's products fall into distinct areas:

</doc>
<doc id="31046798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046798" title="Hikmat Abu Zayd">
Hikmat Abu Zayd

Hikmat Abu Zayd (; pronounced Hekmat Abu Zeid in Egyptian Arabic; 1922 or 1923 – 30 July 2011) was an Egyptian politician and academic. She became the first female cabinet minister in Egypt in 1962. Her tenure as minister of social affairs set a precedent. Afterwards, it became common for women to head that ministry. An avowed advocate of Nasserism, Abu Zayd has had a major impact on Egyptian law and policy in the areas of social affairs and insurance.
Early life and education.
Born in the village of Shaykh Daud, located near the city of al-Qusiyya in Asyut Governorate, Abu Zayd grew up in a nationalist household. Her father's job at the Egyptian State Railways meant that he was assigned to many stations and was constantly on the move. Although her mother was illiterate, Abu Zayd was encouraged to read and was given access to her father's large library.
Abu Zayd received an advanced education. After completing her secondary education at the Helwan Girls School, she obtained a licence in history from Cairo University (then named Fuad I University) in 1940. She progressed further in her academic studies by receiving a teaching certificate in 1941, a Master of Arts in education in 1950, and finally a doctorate in educational psychology from the University of London in 1957. She taught in the Women's College from 1955 to 1964, before being promoted to the rank of professor at Cairo University in 1965.
Tenure as minister.
In 1962, Abu Zayd sat on the preparatory committee for the National Congress of Popular Forces. During her membership of the committee, she expressed her disagreement with President Gamal Abdel Nasser over some sections in the Charter of National Action. Impressed, Nasser decided to appoint her as a minister. On 29 September 1962, Abu Zayd was named minister of social affairs in Ali Sabri's first government. She retained her role when the cabinet was reshuffled in March 1964, and served until 1965.
Abu Zayd was part of a new female leadership that shared the same lower middle class background of Nasser and his fellow Free Officers. Her appointment by Nasser was made in the context of his new socialist program, which put emphasis on broadening access to education and employment for all people, regardless of gender or social class. The 1950s and especially the 1960s were a time of increased female emancipation in Egypt. Polygyny was on the decline, and women were increasingly holding key posts in government, industry and academia. The country's first two female parliamentarians, Rawya Ateya and Amina Shukri, were elected in 1957. Karimah al-Sa'id became the deputy minister of education in the 1960s. Such high-level appointments of a few well-qualified women were showcased by the government, while the majority of Egyptian women remained stuck in the lower echelons of society.
Nasser's appointment of Abu Zayd was a politically significant move. Including a woman in the cabinet was a way for him to co-opt female-run charitable organizations into the Arab Socialist Union (ASU), the country's newly formed sole political party. Many of these associations were headed by women from prominent families and were protective of their independence, which Nasser found objectionable. His regime targeted women's organizations in the early 1960s and moved to take over most of their functions as state responsibilities, thereby depriving the associations of their momentum and autonomy. Abu Zayd implemented these policies, which were aimed at benefiting female workers and peasants. The Ministry of Social Affairs which she headed was increasingly specializing in women's issues. In 1963, it organized a general and wide-ranging women's conference to discuss, among other things, ways to increase female economic productivity, working women's leading role in spreading family planning, as well as the rise of family income through the employment of female members. Abu Zayd was named to preside over the conference, thereby cementing her status as leader of the women's movement in Egypt. She became coordinator for women's activities within the Arab Socialist Union in 1963, at a time when the party had nearly 250,000 female members.
During her time in office, Abu Zayd worked on several different social issues. She strongly supported a law that prohibited Islamic oral repudiation and made it mandatory for a husband to go to court to be able to divorce his wife. In order to combat mendicity, she imposed prison terms on recidivist beggars who returned to begging after they had received state-sponsored training in handicrafts. In addition to registering NGOs and expanding their development activities, she launched projects aimed at improving the status of rural women. One of the most sensitive tasks assigned to Abu Zayd was the relocation of thousands of Nubians, displaced by the construction of the Aswan Dam, to newly built villages. Her management of the resettlement process led to her being nicknamed the "Merciful Heart of the Revolution" by Nasser. Nevertheless, the Nubians' forced displacement remains controversial in Egypt to this day, with some blaming Nasser for the neglectful conditions in which the relocated Nubians have been living since then.
On a personal level, Abu Zayd faced domestic problems during her tenure as minister. Her husband was resentful of her responsibility-laden role and of the amount of time she spent outside the house. Their previously modest lifestyle changed considerably as she hired a 12-year-old houseboy and was provided a chauffeur-driven car by the government.
Exile in Libya.
Following Nasser's death in 1970 and Anwar Sadat's ascension to the presidency, Abu Zayd's career progression was blocked. She moved to Libya with her husband in 1974. Her Nasserist convictions were in line with the anti-colonialism, anti-Zionism and pan-Arabism of Libya's leader Muammar Gaddafi. Abu Zayd spent nearly two decades in Libya, during which time she taught political science at Al Fateh University in Tripoli. She also penned articles and made speeches denouncing the Egyptian government.
Abu Zayd began criticizing President Sadat in the mid-1970s. She became a leader of the Egyptian National Front, which was set up in Damascus in 1980 by General Saad El Shazly. The organization called for the overthrow of Sadat's government. Due to her opposition to Sadat's peace overture to Israel, Abu Zayd was accused of high treason, terrorism and spying, and was consequently deprived of her Egyptian nationality. This turned her into a stateless political refugee. A long legal battle ensued, which was finally resolved in late 1991 when a judge ruled that Abu Zayd and her husband were entitled to their Egyptian passports. She was also acquitted of the charges of high treason and terrorism.
Later years and death.
After having recovered their nationality, Abu Zayd and her husband came back to Egypt in March 1992. She was treated as a VIP upon her return, and rushed to visit Nasser's mausoleum. During the 1990s, she opposed the Gulf War, the Madrid Peace Conference, as well as Israeli and American imperialism. She wrote articles for "al-Osboa" newspaper in 1998 dealing with the issues of Western imperialism and Arab unity. In late 2010, she was hospitalized at the Anglo-American Hospital in Cairo to receive treatment for her bone fractures. Farkhonda Hassan visited her there on behalf of then First Lady Suzanne Mubarak. During her stay at the hospital, Abu Zayd granted an interview to "Almasry Alyoum" newspaper in which she defended Nasser's legacy and lamented the loss of tolerance in Egypt.
Abu Zayd died in Cairo on 30 July 2011.
Awards.
Abu Zayd received the Lenin Peace Prize in December 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="31046836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046836" title="Australians in India">
Australians in India

There is a community of Australians in India, consisting mostly of expatriates and migrants from Australia. Australia has a High Commission in New Delhi and Consulates in Mumbai and Chennai. 
Overview.
According to the Australian High Commission, there are about 3,000 to 4,000 Australians living and working in India. Industries such as hospitality, financial services and mining and materials have relatively higher concentration of Australian expatriates. About 1,000 Australian companies evince interest in doing projects in India every year despite the challenges of "bureaucracy" and "delays" as opportunities outnumber these impediments. At present, there are about 60 Australian companies working in the infrastructure sector in India. Large Australian firms such as BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto, Snowy Mountain Engineering, Macquarie Group and Leighton Holdings have operations in India.
Following the 2009 attacks on Indian students in Australia, relations between the Australian expatriates and the local Indians have been tense and there is a fear of backlash against Australians in India.

</doc>
<doc id="31046858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046858" title="G. David Green">
G. David Green

Sir G. David Green, KCMG (1948) is the Chairman of the Dartington Hall Trust and The Prince's School of Traditional Arts. He is the former Secretary-General of the British Council, former Chairman of Royal Commonwealth Society, and former President of the European Union National Institutes for Culture.
Early career.
Green originally trained as a teacher, going on to work at two schools in South Yorkshire.
Later career.
Between 1976-1990 Green served with Save the Children, eventually becoming Deputy Secretary-General. From 1990-1999, he was Director of the Voluntary Service Overseas. In 1999, he became Secretary-General of the British Council. He presently chairs the Dartington Hall Trust, The Prince's School of Traditional Arts, and serves on the board at The Royal Court Theatre and London University of the Arts.
Personal life.
Green is married to a retired primary school teacher and has three daughters.
Honors.
Green was awarded the Companion of the Order of St. Michael and St. George in 1999 and was made a Knight Commander in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31046864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046864" title="Hasan al-Lawzi">
Hasan al-Lawzi

Hasan Ahmad al-Lawzi (born 1952) is a Yemeni politician and writer. He is the Minister of Information.
Al-lawzi was born in Sana'a and was educated at Cairo's Al-Azhar University. He published several volumes of poetry and short stories that reflected his profound interest in the Yemeni revolution. His work has been translated into English and was included in anthologies of modern Arabian literature during the 1980s. He later became involved in government and held a number of important positions.

</doc>
<doc id="31046866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046866" title="Mermahuataur">
Mermahuataur

The mermahuataur is a mythological creature created by graphic designer Jim Unwin and writer Dylan Carline.
It first appeared in their Euler diagram of mythical creatures that achieved significant popularity as an internet meme and in 2009 appeared in print in London's Metro newspaper.
The mermahuataur, based on the combinations given in the mythical creature diagram, is farcically described as being 'half human, half bull, half narwhal'.
Since the publishing of the Euler diagram, the Mermahuataur has been imagined and drawn by various artists and designers. Notably, it is now part of the web-site for the PlayStation 3 game, LittleBigPlanet. It shows a mermahuataur drawn by Rex Crowle on its HTTP 404 Error page.

</doc>
<doc id="31046870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046870" title="Ashes of Empire">
Ashes of Empire

Ashes of Empire was a 1992 strategy video game produced by Microprose, released for the Amiga and MS-DOS systems. It was a follow-on, although not a sequel, to the earlier games "Midwinter" and "Flames of Freedom".
Gameplay involved working as a member of a fictional UN/NATO-type organisation to recruit followers across various CIS-inspired republics being threatened by a powerful neighbour. The mechanics of the game were very similar to the earlier "Midwinter" game, although the player was now able to use a selection of land and air vehicles to travel around. Combat was handled in real-time, with the player manoeuvring to engage the enemy vehicle(s).
The game was reasonably well-received but not commercially successful, mainly due to the dry nature of the subject matter and the level of detail included in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="31046911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046911" title="Carl Druhot">
Carl Druhot

Carl A. Druhot (1882–1918), was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="31046956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046956" title="Zhongpo Station">
Zhongpo Station

The Taipei Metro Zhongpo Station is a planned metro station on the Xinyi Line located in Xinyi, Taipei, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open at the end of 2017.
Station overview.
The station will be an underground station. It will be the terminus of the Xinyi Eastern Extension.

</doc>
<doc id="31046957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046957" title="Archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Qualification">
Archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Qualification

There were 128 qualifying places available for archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics: 64 for men and 64 for women.
Each National Olympic Committee (NOC) can enter a maximum of 6 competitors, 3 per each gender. NOCs that qualify teams for a particular gender are able to send a three-member team to the team event and also have each member compete in the individual event. There were 12 team spots for each gender, thus qualifying 36 individuals through team qualification. All other NOCs may earn a maximum of 1 quota place per gender for the individual events.
6 places are reserved for Great Britain as host nation, and a further 6 shall be decided upon by the Tripartite Commission. The remaining 116 places shall therefore be allocated through a qualification process, in which archers earn quota places for their respective NOCs, though not necessarily for themselves.
To be eligible to participate in the Olympic Games after the NOC has obtained a quota place, all archers must have achieved the following Minimum Qualification Score (MQS):
The MQS must be achieved between 2 July 2011 (starting at the 2011 World Outdoor Archery Championships) and 1 July 2012 at a registered FITA event.

</doc>
<doc id="31046963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046963" title="Paul Audorff">
Paul Audorff

Paul Otto Ernst Friedrich Audorff (6 February 1904 – 17 January 1981) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Paul Audorff was captured by American forces after the fall of Tunisia in May 1943. he was held until 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="31046970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046970" title="Scottish feudal Barony of Craigie">
Scottish feudal Barony of Craigie

The Barony of Craigie is a Scottish feudal Crown barony within and near Dundee in Scotland. Craigie has long been incorporated within the boundaries of the Royal Burgh of Dundee; before that it was a barony lying on the periphery of the town.
The Barony of Craigie is one of several Scottish feudal Crown baronies, and is governed under the Abolition of Feudal Tenure Act, Scotland, 2000.
The title and rights of the Barony of Craigie are currently held by The Much Honoured Rabbi Robert Owen Thomas III, 8th Baron of Craigie.
Baronies date from the medieval period and were administrative units established by the king, where the local barons ruled on behalf of the king through a baron court. Their powers were substantial within the barony which included forcing people to fight as soldiers. This was their downfall as some barons took their tenants into rebellions such as the Jacobites in 1745, resulting in barons' powers being stripped in 1747.
Location.
Lands.
The lands and farms of Craigie were designated as "Craigie" before A.D. 1534, although it was labelled as "Kragy" in some maps, such as the "Lower Angus and Perthshire east of the Tay map," by Timothy Pont, circa 1583–1596.
The old lands of the Barony of Craigie lie to the east of central Dundee, Scotland, in the vicinity of A929 Forfar Road to the west, and A972 Kinsgway East to the north. The A930, Broughty Ferry Road and Dundee Road West, begins in what was the land of Craigie. Other lands, particularly from the Barony of Barry and Woodhill, were drawn into the Barony of Craigie.
While much of Craigie is now developed and within Dundee, some portions of the lands of Craigie remain much as they were at the formation of the barony. In 1881 the lands of Craigie were described in idyllic terms, such as ""Craigie, [ family of ] Kid, excellent land, a good house, with a new little park;""
The lands of Craigie, including Craigie House and the farms of Craigie, can be found on maps found on the ScotlandPlaces web site. An entry from the National Library of Scotland, "Northern Part of Angus Shire. Southern Part.," by Edinburgh : J. Thomson & Co., in 1825 provides an excellent view of the lands of Craigie. Craigie is located just to the east (right) of Dundee, just north of the coastline, and west (left) of the Broughty Castle.
The lands of the Barony of Craigie were never fully set, with frequent changes of territory between abbeys, merchants, towns, and nobles. Warden states that the ""...property of Craigie was a large and valuable estate five or six centuries ago [ before 1884 ], but it was at an early period cut up into several sections, and these were again sub-divided into smaller portions, which makes it impossible to give a correct continuous account of either the sections or the smaller portions into which they were divided...""
Seat.
The seat, also known as the caput or messuage, of the Barony of Craigie was Craigie House near Dundee. Craigie House has also been called Wallace Craigie House and The House of Craigie. The home was built by the 1st Baron of Craigie James Guthrie or his son. The manor home was located at the end of the current Southampton Road leading off Craigie Drive in Dundee, Scotland.
In the latter half of the 18th century Craigie House was one of the better-known country houses in Forfarshire. In the Statistical Account of 1793 the agricultural focus on the manor was noted: ""The market in Dundee, for all kinds of butcher meat, is one of the best in Scotland. No sheep are bred, or even fattened for sale, except a few by Mr. Guthrie of Craigie.""
In 1831 the Guthrie family, having interests elsewhere, put the demesne up for sale. At the time the demesne included Craigie House and 232 acres. The demesne was not sold in 1831, however, and remained in the Guthrie family.
In 1856 Craigie House was described as a ""...neat villa, beautifully situated amid finely wooded grounds and gardens, on the sea-coast, on the north side of the Broughty Ferry Road, about two miles east of Dundee."" Broughty Ferry Road exists today and can be viewed on Google Maps.
Alexander Johnston Warden, in his 1884 work "Angus or Forfarshire, the Land and its People, Descriptive and Historical", quotes Reverend James Headrick from his 1813 work "Review of the Agriculture of Angus," who says of Craigie House ""The plantations are so artificially disposed as to hide all those parts of the Tay where the tide leaves the bottom dry, and to give it all the effect of an artificial lake. The constant play of the boats and shipping, seen through these openings, gives them all the effect of figures in the magic lantern."" Warden goes on to comment that the view from Craigie House is ""extremely beautiful,"" with Craigie House surrounded by thriving plantations, clumps of trees, and much well-grown timber. The house is described by Warden as a good, comfortable dwelling despite not being in the modern style.
Other references list Wallace Craigie house as an ancient house, set within a walled land on the banks of the Tay. A drawing, perhaps by John Slezer in or about 1678, shows a home that was likely constructed, at least in part, before 1733.
In the mid 18th century whaling companies had occupied the lands that had once been the waterside gardens of Wallace Craigie House. Wallace Craigie House was described as being quite similar to Invergowrie House, a manse on the grounds of Ninewells Hospital in Dundee.
As a result of business interests elsewhere, the Guthrie family sold Craigie House, an acre and a half of ground, and the Stables of Craigie House, in 1911. The Stables of Craigie House were converted into a dwelling place in 1910, and sold independently as Stirling House in 1920.
Craigie House was a private nursing home from 1923 until 1949, first run by Miss Clementina Methven and then by Mrs. Christine Brodie and her family. In 1948 it was sold to Jute Industries Ltd. who used it as a hostel for workers. In 1949 it was sold to Dundee Corporation as a retirement home. In 1974 it was transferred to the Tayside Region, and in 1996 it reverted to the Dundee City Council. The home became unsuitable as a residence because of increasing standards of care and was demolished in 1983. A home for the elderly now stands on the site of Craigie House.
The acreage of the demesne was sold off to various concerns over the years, with the last 60 acres of the demesne sold to Strathern Estates Ltd. in 1955 for use by Craigie High School, Craigiebarns Primary, and other uses.
Today the demesne of the Barony of Craigie is a developed, suburban, largely residential area of Dundee.
Woodhill House in Barry, Angus may have formed part of the Barony of Craigie as well.
History and formation of the lands and Barony.
Craigie prior to the Barony.
The lands of Craigie were in the hands of several prominent families in the vicinity of Dundee, most of whom leased out these lands to tenant farmers during the medieval period. It was not until the mid seventeenth century that the lands of Craigie together with lands in the parish of Barry, Angus, were formed into a distinct barony.
David of Scotland, Earl of Huntingdon, owned the lands of Craigie near Dundee in the late 12th century. About 1200 the lands of Hilton and Milton of Craigie were donated by his second daughter, possibly known as Ysabella de Brous, to the Abbey of Lindores in north Fife. These lands remained under the abbey until at least 1480. King David II of Scotland confirmed this grant in a charter at Dundee on 20 September 1365. The affirmation states that the original charter was granted by King Alexander II of Scotland at Maiden's Castle on 12 November 1247.
In 1309 King Robert the Bruce of Scotland granted parts of the lands of Craigie to Robert Barbor, Andrew Gray, and Allan of Balmossie. Much of the granted lands formerly belonged to John Baliol.
Patrick of Inverpeffer, a burgess of Dundee, was granted part of the lands of Craigie with fishing rights by King Robert II of Scotland in 1378.
In 1365 King David II of Scotland granted a charter to John Gray of all his lands, and of Craigie in Forfarshire. King David II also reaffirmed the grant of lands to the Abbey of Lindores.
Much of the confusion around the lands of Craigie may come from the variety of spellings, notably Craigie and Kragy. In a charter from King David II of Scotland dated 11 February 1366, William Guppyld is confirmed in his land from the inheritance of Alexander of Lambirtoun. The charter, witnessed by Laurence, Archdeacon of Brechin, Margaret, Countess of Angus, Sir Walter of Leslie, and Sir Alexander de Lindsay, confirms William Guppyld into lands from both Lumlathyn and "Cragoe" (Craigie).
King Robert III of Scotland gave by charter a portion of the lands of Craigie, then in the Barony of Dundee, to St Salvador's Altar in the parish church of Dundee.
On 9 October 1535, David Wedderburn of Tofts, Town Clerk of Dundee, received from King James V of Scotland a charter to the lands of Hilton of Craigie. The charter was granted to Wedderburn and his spouse, Helen Lawson.
In 1600 King James VI of Scotland granted the properties of the Abbey of Lindores to Patrick Leslie, the Commendator of Lindores. This grant included Hilton, Hillend, and Miltoun of Craigie.
On 29 December 1607, Sir William Scharp of Pitkethley was retoured in the sixth part of Hilton of Craigie. On 2 May 1611, John Scharp of Ballindoch, brother of Sir William Scharp, was retoured the same sixth part of Hilton of Craigie. Another heir of Sir William Scharp, John Scharp of Ballindoch, received other parts of the lands of Craigie.
The lands of Craigie passed through the Scharp (or Schairp, or Sharpe) family passed down portions of Craigie, generally around Hilton of Craigie.
Elevation to Barony.
On 28 October 1662, Patrick Kyd of Craigie was retoured in the third part of the town and land of Hilton of Craigie, formerly called Wester Craigie, in the barony of Dundee. On 5 April 1677, James Kyd of Woodhill was retoured in the third part of the town and lands of Hilton of Craigie, the sixth part of the same, the teind sheaves of the same, and the half lands of Craigie. This was combined and raised into the Barony of Craigie.
The Kyd family remained in possession of much of the lands of the Barony of Craigie until the mid 18th century. During a meeting dated 8 October 1759, James Guthrie of Craigie is listed as proposing to purchase a portion of the lands near Craigie from the Convener of the Nine Trades. It is possible that James Guthrie of Craigie was by then in possession of the whole of Craigie. On 26 February 1704 a matter regarding the Muir of Craigie was settled between the Town, James Guthrie of Craigie, and James Kyd (note: not listed as "of Craigie"), heir of the late George Kyd of Craigie. This may be the first indication that the lands of Craigie had passed from the Kyd family to the Guthrie family.
In 1884 David Charles Guthrie is described as the laird of Craigie. His brother, James Stirling Guthrie, is described as his heir.
Later in the 18th or early 19th century Robert McGavin of Balumbie owned approximately one half of the estate of Craigie. He donated 20 acres to Dundee to build a cemetery. The remaining Craigie lands held by McGavin are described as ""...good land, the greater part of it having a southern exposure, and it is a desirable property.""
The title and lands were formally split by the Abolition of Feudal Tenure Act, Scotland, 2000. By 2011 the title of the Barony of Craigie was governed as part of an estate, and was granted by assignation to the Thomas family.
Barons of Craigie.
The heir apparent is the present holder's daughter, The Honourable Margaret Leila Thomas of Craigie.
During the first half of the seventeenth century the lands of Craigie were gradually acquired by the Kidd or Kyd family. This started in 1617 with Patrick Kyd a merchant in Dundee who began to invest in land in the periphery of Dundee. These lands were eventually formed into the barony of Craigie held by the Kyd family who several generations later disposed of it to a branch of the Guthrie family, who in turn disposed of it to the Thomas family.
Family history.
Kid family.
The Kid or Kidd or Kyd family may be a sept of Clan Fergusson. The Kid family held lands in Craigie since before 1534, being described as esquire of Craigie.
""Patrick Kyd, Esq. of Craigie, Angus, married Margaret, daughter of Sir Alexander Wedderburn of Blackness (knighted A.D. 1642), by his wife Matilda, daughter of Fletcher of Innerpeffer. This family held Craigie, before A.D. 1534. p. 473""
The links between the Kid family and Woodhill and Craigie are established in the same entry.
""William Kyd, Esq. of Woodhill, Angus, brother of Patrick of Craigie, wedded Jean Wedderburn, sister of his brother's wife. [ Baronage, p.281 ] Woodhill seems eventually to have succeeded to Craigie – for Mr. Thomas Kyd, Merchant in Edinburgh, "son of Woodhill and Craigie," wedded Rachel, daughter of Dr. William Eccles (died 1723) of Kildonan, by his second wife, Margaret, daughter of Sir John Wedderburn of Blackness – by whom he left issue. [ Baronage, p. 438. ]"
"Arms, Crest, and Motto, the same as Craigie. [ Herald, Vol II. ]""
On 4 December 1617 King James VI of Scotland confirmed the sale by Andrew, Lord Gray, with the agreement of his wife Anne, Countess of Buchan, of his third part of the town of Hilton of Craigie alias Wester Craigie to Patrick Kyd a merchant burgess of Dundee. Patrick had been admitted as a burgess of Dundee on 20 October 1591 by right of his father Archibald Kyd a burgess there. On 16 June 1632, King Charles I of Scotland confirmed a charter granted by Patrick Kyd of Grange of Barry, on 4 September 1620, whereby he sold a third part of the lands and town of Hilton of Craigie alias Wester Craigie to his son James Kyd and his future wife Agnes, daughter of Robert Clayhills of Baldovie, a merchant burgess of Dundee. James Durham disponed one sixth of the Hiltoun of Craigie, on 5 April 1646, to James Kyd of Grange of Barry. This had originally belonged to the Abbey of Lindores which granted it to David Wedderburn on 9 October 1538, later it was owned by John Sharp who sold it to James Durham. This was confirmed by King Charles I of Scotland on 8 May 1646. On 28 October 1662, Patrick Kyd of Craigie, was served heir to his grandfather Patrick Kyd of Grange of Barry, in the lands of Nether Barry Muir in the barony of Barry. On the same day he was served heir to his father Master James Kyd of Craigie in a third part of the lands and house of Hilton of Craigie alias Wester Craigie, in the barony of Dundee, the teinds thereof, a tenth of the lands of Hilton of Craigie, a sixth part of the lands of Hilton of Craigie, and part of the teinds of the said lands in the barony of Dundee, also the lands of Upper Barry Muir. Patrick Kyd junior of Craigie was admitted as a burgess of Dundee on 7 February 1657 by right of his father.
On 13 May 1663, William Kyd, was served heir to his immediate younger brother James Kyd, son of Mr James Kyd of Craigie, in three tenements in Dundee, half the house and lands of North Ferry at Broughty, and fishing rights on the Tay. Forfar, 402 William Kyd, son of James Kyd of Craigie, was admitted as a burgess of Dundee on 22 September 1660 at the same time as his brothers Robert and Thomas. 
Finally on 17 July 1666, Charter granting Patrick Kid of Craigie, and his heirs or assignees the town and lands of Grange of Barry, in the barony of Barry, Angus, the lands of Barry Muir and Lower Barry Muir, in the same barony, the lands of Upper Barry Muir, a third part of the town and lands of Hilton of Craigie alias Wester Craigie which was acquired by the late Patrick Kid of Craigie of Grange of Barry from Andrew, Lord Gray, in the barony of Dundee; a sixth part of the same acquired by the late James Kid of Craigie from the late James Durham of Pitkerro; half of the same lying on the sunnyside of Hilton formerly belonging to the monastery of Lindores, etc. which lands, Grange of Barry, Upper and Lower Barry Muir, and parts of Craigie Wester, and the town and lands of Craigie formerly belonged to the said Patrick Kid, and were resigned for new infeftment; and the half of Craigie which formerly belonged to David Clayhills of Invergowrie, which were resigned in favour of the said Patrick Kid, – erecting the said lands into the Barony of Craigie with the manor place of Craigie as the principal messuage.
On 5 April 1677, James Kid of Woodhill was served heir to his father William Kid of Woodhill in the house and lands of Woodhill, with the common of Barrymuir, in the barony of Barry, the tythes of the lands of Woodhill also in the barony of Barry and lordship of Balmerino, a third part of the house and lands of Halton of Craigie, or Wester Craigie in the barony of Dundee, a sixth part of the house and lands of Hilton of Craigie on the sunny side of the lands of Hilton, a tenth of the teinds of the said house and lands of Hilton of Craigie, and half the lands of Craigie on the sunnyside – all erected into the barony of Craigie.
In entry number 471 dated 5 April 1677, included in The Register of the Great Seal of Scotland, Inquisitionum ad Capellam Regis Retornatorum, printed in 1811 at the command of King George III of England:
""Jacobus Kid de Woodhill, heres Guilielmi Kid de Woodhill, patris, – in vlla et terris de Woodhill cum communia in mora nuncupata Barriemuire, et maresia vocata Barriemyre, infra baronium de Barrie – E. 26m. &c. feudiformae – decimis garbalibus dictarum terrarum de Woodhill, infra baronium de Barrie et dominum de Balmerinoch – E. 6s. et 8s. 4d. in augmentationem, feudiformae – tertia parte villae et terranum de Haltoun de Craigie nuncupata Wester Craigie, infra baronium de Dundie – A.E. 40s. N.E. 8l – sexta parte villae et terrarum de Hiltoun de Craigie, apud solarem partem terrarum de Hiltoune – E. 9l. 13s. 8d. feudiformae – decimis garbalibus praedicte villae et terrarum de Hiltoun de Craigie – A.E. 5s. N.E. 20s. – dimidietate terrarum de Craigie ad dictam solarem partem hujusmodi jacente – E. 14m. feudiformae – omnibus erectis in baroniam de Craigie.""
Which roughly translates from the Latin to the English as:
""James Kid of Woodhill, the heir of William Kid of Woodhill, the father, – and on any of the lands of Woodhill and together with the community to be named Barriemuire, also called Barriemyre, of the barons of the Barrie – E. 26m. , & c. feudiformae -, teind sheaves of the lands of the said Woodhill, of the barons of Barrie and lordship of Balmerinoch – E. 6s. and of 8s. 4d. , in augmentation of, feudiformae – The third part of the town, and out of the Haltoun to be named out of the Wester Craigie of Craigie, below of the barons of the Dundie – AE 40s. N.E. 8l – the sixth part of the town, and out of the Hiltoun of the lands of Craigie, with the sunny side of the lands of the Hiltoune – E. 9l. 13s. 8d. feudiformae -, teind sheaves and of the aforesaid town and out of the Hiltoun of the lands of Craigie – AE 5s. N.E. 20s. – half of the lands of Craigie to the said part of the sunny side of this kind, lying – E. 14m. feudiformae – all raised to barony of Craigie.""
Between the years 1676 and 1679, James Kid of Woodhill, son of William Kidd of Woodhill, was involved in a number of property transactions in Forfarshire. In 1681 the "barony of Craigs" (Craigie) is shown paying to the King of Scotland 10 pounds sterling.
By 1684 James Kid, then described as ‘of Craigie’ and his spouse Helen Fotheringham, appear in the Forfarshire Register of Sasines, again involved in a property transaction. In an entry dated 20 May 1687:
""Instrument of Sasine, proceeding on Disposition by James Kyd of Craigie in favour of Helen Fothringhame his spouse, in liferent, of 15 chalders of victual, of wheat, barley and meal proportionally, furth of the lands and barony of Craigie, in liferent, without prejudice to the liferent right of Margaret Wedderburne relict of Patrick Kyd of Craigie in terms of her jointure."
"The Disposition is dated at Dundee 20 May 1687, Mr James Brisbane, advocate, is a witness. Sasine is given on 24 May same year: George Fothringhame of Bandean is a witness. Registered in the Particular Register of Sasines for Forfar 8 May 1687.""
The Barony of Craigie remained in the hands of the Kidds until 1728 when the Barony of Craigie was sold by James Kid of Craigie to James Guthrie. James Kid, listed in the Testaments registered at St Andrews as "James Kyd," died on 22 October 1735.
Guthrie and Makgill families.
Guthrie is an ancient place-name and surname in Forfarshire or Angus. The original Guthrie of Guthrie was Sir David Guthrie who lived in the fifteenth century. He was Armour Bearer to King James VII of Scotland, also Sheriff of Angus, Lord High Treasurer of Scotland, among other major government posts. The Guthries of Craigie are descended from John, fourth son of Sir David Guthrie, 1st Baron of Guthrie.
James Guthrie, (1669–1711), a Scottish merchant in Stockholm and later in Dundee, married Christian Scott, daughter of a Dundee merchant, on 23 April 1695.
The second son of James and Christian, James, was born on 28 March 1698, and married Elizabeth, daughter of David Gardyne of Middleton on 22 July 1733. She died on 25 July 1745, while he survived until 9 March 1788. James Guthrie of Hiltoun of Craigie and other lands, is recorded in a crown charter of 12 February 1729 also as James Guthrie 1st Baron of Craigie, 6 August 1764. In 1766 James Guthrie Jr. of Craigie bought the superiorities of the third part of Craigie from Dundee Town Council. According to the Directory of Landownership in Scotland circa 1770, the third greatest by value landowner in Dundee was Guthrie of Craigie with his lands of Craigie worth £1500. The couple had a number of children including James who became 2nd Baron Guthrie of Craigie.
James Guthrie of Craigie, 2nd Baron of Craigie, James Guthrie of Craigie was granted Crown Charters on 5 July 1792, and 5 July 1815. He was admitted as a burgess of Dundee on 16 April 1817. He was described as having a "Moderate fortune. A family. Nephew to Panmure's factor. Will lean to that family." in the View of the Political State of Scotland in the Last Century: a Confidential Report: Political Opinions, Family Connections, or Personal Circumstances of the 2662 County Voters in 1788. The couple had a number of children including their eldest son James, a Lieutenant in the Royal Navy, who served under Captain Bligh on his famous voyage. Lieutenant James’s health suffered during the voyage and he was invalided home but died on 10 July 1795 at Innsbruck. He had also served as First Lieutenant aboard Lord Hood’s flagship Victory.
The second son was Alexander Murray Guthrie, born 8 December 1769, he married Margaret Makgill of the Kemback family, and died 31 December 1829. He was admitted as a burgess of Dundee on 6 August 1817 by right of his father James Guthrie of Craigie. Their only son James Guthrie duly inherited the lands, barony and title of 3rd Baron of Craigie on the death of his grandfather in 1830. On 10 May 1815, Alexander Murray Guthrie, son of James Murray Guthrie of Craigie, was served heir to his brother James Guthrie of Craigie who died 10 July 1795, in the estate of Craigie, Forfarshire. In 1815, there occurred a resignation by James Guthrie of the lands and barony of Guthrie in favour of Alexander Murray Guthrie.
David Charles Guthrie, the sixth son of James Guthrie of Craigie [1740–1830], was born 30 June 1788, and married Jane Campbell Hunter, daughter of Sir John Hunter, HM Consul General in Spain. He, like his brother Alexander Murray Guthrie, was admitted as a burgess of Dundee on 6 August 1817 by right of his father James Guthrie of Craigie. They had six children, of whom James Alexander Guthrie succeeded to the land and title.
James Guthrie of the Honourable East India Company Service was served heir to his grandfather James Guthrie of Craigie on 8 April 1846, and also to his father Alexander Murray Guthrie of Craigie on 11 January 1849. James Guthrie, the 3rd Baron of Craigie, died on 6 December 1866 unmarried. James left the lands and title of Craigie to his cousin, George Makgill of Kemback.
George Makgill of Kemback, the son of John Makgill of Kemback and Eliza Dalgleish, was born on 23 December 1812 and died 21 September 1878. He succeeded to the title of 9th Viscount of Oxfuird on 3 May 1817, de jure. He succeeded to the title of 9th Baronet Makgill on 3 May 1817, de jure. He succeeded to the title of 9th Lord Makgill of Cousland on 3 May 1817, de jure. George Makgill of Kemback sold the lands and title of Craigie to his kinsman James Alexander Guthrie in 1867.
James Alexander Guthrie of Craigie, born 8 September 1823, was a Justice of the Peace, a Deputy Lieutenant for Angus, a Deputy Lieutenant for London, and a Director of the Bank of England. He was served heir to his father David Charles Guthrie, a merchant in London, who died 27 June 1859, in two farms of the lands of Craigie, 22 January 1860. In 1867 he purchased the lands and title of the barony of Craigie from George Makgill of Kemback. “The 1872 (Scotland) Owners of Land and Heritages return” stated that the trustees of James Alexander Guthrie of Craigie owned 309 acres in Angus.
David Charles Guthrie, 5th Baron of Craigie and later of East Haddon Hall, Northamptonshire, was born 25 July 1861. He became a Justice of the Peace, and Liberal Member of Parliament for South Northamptonshire from 1892 to 1895. He married Mary, daughter of Andrew Low of Savannah, Georgia, USA, on 21 November 1891, and had four children including James Alexander Guthrie, born 15 March 1893.
James Alexander Guthrie, 6th Baron of Craigie, was educated at Eton and the Royal Military College at Sandhurst, and served as a Captain of the 15th Hussars. He was also a Fellow of the Zoological Society. He was married three times and had four children – David Charles Guthrie, born 1930, Jennifer Mary Guthrie, born 1933, James Murray Guthrie, born 1937, and Andrew Howard Guthrie, born 1945.
David Charles Guthrie, 7th Baron of Craigie, was born 6 December 1930. On 22 October 1958 he married Margaret Mary Brown, daughter of Harold Frederick Brown of Melbourne, Australia. He had two children – Stephen Patrick Guthrie, born 2 August 1959, and Richard Paul Guthrie, born 21 October 1964. He died in November 2003.
The Guthrie Tartan is Murray of Atholl, STA # 131.
The Barony of Craigie remained in the Guthrie family estate until it was passed by assignation to Rabbi Robert Owen Thomas, III in February 2011.
Thomas family.
The Thomas family is a Jewish family descended from forebears in Wales, Scotland, and England. The Thomas family traces their Welsh heritage to Llansamlet, Glamorgan, Wales as far back as 1768.
The Much Honoured Rabbi Robert Owen Thomas, III, 8th Baron of Craigie, became baron in February 2011.
The 8th Baron of Craigie married Lauren Rose Lancaster, daughter of Samuel Pottinger Lancaster and Susan Beth Kaplan. The Baron and Baroness of Craigie have three children: Margaret Leila Thomas, Younger, Ashlinn Elaine Thomas, and Robert Owen Thomas, IV.
The heir apparent to the barony is The Honourable Margaret Leila Thomas of Craigie.
The Thomas Tartan is Thomas of Craigie, STA # 8412.

</doc>
<doc id="31046973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046973" title="Bill Essick">
Bill Essick

William Earl Essick (1880–1951), Nicknamed "Vinegar Bill", was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues. He attended Knox College and Lombard College.

</doc>
<doc id="31046990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046990" title="Josep Vicenç Foix">
Josep Vicenç Foix

Josep Vicenç Foix i Mas () (Barcelona, 28 January 1893 - 29 January 1987) was a Catalan poet, writer, and essayist. He usually signed his work by using the abbreviation J.V. Foix.
Biography.
Born in Sarrià (nowadays a neighbourhood in Barcelona), Foix was a son of one of the best-known bakers in the whole city. He started his studies of Law, but left them after the second course at university. From then, he worked in the familiar business as well as he read classic masterpieces of literature by authors such as Lord Byron, Dante Alighieri or Charles Baudelaire. Indeed, Foix never forbade the place where he had been born, not even when the Spanish Civil War ended. Nonetheless, Foix always had been a liberal writer who introduced some avantgarde ideology in Catalonia.
In 1916 began to collaborate with "La Revista" and started to be interested in avantgarde art. He worked among other publications like "Trossos", "La Cònsola" (1919–1920) or "La Publicitat" (1923–1936), where he worked as an art director.
At the end of the Spanish Civil War, Foix returned to the familiar business, and let forgotten for some time his artistic purpose. He also compiled his total poetic work, and continued helping young artist related to avanatgarde, between which Joan Brossa must be named.
On 25 May 1962, he became a member of "Institut d'Estudis Catalans". His popularity went on growing, thanks to Joan Manuel Serrat and his song "Es quan dormo que hi veig clar", (a version of one of Foix's poems).
He received many different awards during his life. The Gold Medal of Generalitat de Catalunya (Medalla d'Or de la Generalitat de Catalunya, 1981) or the Honour Award in Catalan Letters (Premi d'Honor de les Lletres catalanes, 1984) are some of them. In 1984, the Parliament of Catalonia proposed him for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
J. V. Foix helped in 1985 to found again the students association "Federació Nacional d'Estudiants de Catalunya" (FNEC). He was named President de Honour of it.
He died in 1987, and buried in Sarrià.
.J.V Foix's Personal library is available at the Biblioteca de Catalunya

</doc>
<doc id="31046995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31046995" title="Minuscule 841 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 841 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 841 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε50 (von Soden), is a 15th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript is lacunose.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke, and Gospel of John on 244 paper leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 31-34 lines per page.
It contains a commentary of Nicetas (abbreviated).
The manuscript is ornamented.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex placed in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has mixed text in Luke 1. In Luke 10 and Luke 20 it has a mixture of the Byzantine text-families.
History.
C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 15th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 15th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (841e). Gregory saw it in 1886, Gregory did not examine its text ("ich weiss nicht, ob der Text ganz ist").
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Biblioteca Estense (G. 178, a.V.7.24 (II F 13)), in Modena.

</doc>
<doc id="31047000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047000" title="Leo Hafford">
Leo Hafford

Leo Edgar Hafford (September 17, 1883 – October 1, 1911) was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues. He attended Tufts University. He also attended Bowdoin College, and went on to coach football at the University of Connecticut in 1911. He served as head coach only briefly however, as he died from typhoid fever three weeks after accepting the position. 

</doc>
<doc id="31047016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047016" title="Shabakeh">
Shabakeh

Shabakeh ("Network") (ماهنامه شبکه in Persian) is an Iranian information technology magazine founded in 1998 by Hormoz Pur Rostami.
History.
"Shabakeh" was founded by Hormoz Pur Rostami in 1998 in Tehran, Iran.
Special Coverages.
Shabakeh magazine editorial board decided to publish the magazine with a Special Coverage each issue. These coverages mostly are about latest IT changes such as Memristor invention in HP. 

</doc>
<doc id="31047022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047022" title="Red Carpet Inn">
Red Carpet Inn

Red Carpet Inn is a chain of hotels and motels, with locations in the United States and Bahamas.
In May 1955, articles of incorporation were issued by the State of Colorado for Tasha Oil and Uranium Co., with a subsequent name change in 1978 to Broadway Enterprises, Inc.), and 1979 to Hotel Rent-A-Car Systems.
Sometime during the late 1960s Red Carpet Inns International, Inc., a Colorado corporation, acquired the Master Hosts Inns and Red Carpet Inn trademarks from Red Carpet Inns, Inc. In the summer of 1969, Tommy Tucker (one of the original founders of Quality Courts United, now known as Quality Inns), and Bill Harwood (one of the primary persons involved in Broadway Enterprises, Inc.) started Red Carpet Inns of America, Inc. In May 1972, Red Carpet Inns of America is headquartered in Daytona Beach, Florida. 
It was in 1973, when Red Carpet Inns of America, Inc. published a Travel Directory for its Master Hosts Inns and Red Carpet Inns and offered ‘instant’ reservations through a toll free telephone number, referred to the “American Express Space Bank, one of the largest, fastest and best reservation systems in the world.” The directory also stated that “every Master Hosts and Red Carpet Inn provides: complete services, including dining facilities, food and beverage, room service, laundry, valet and porter service. Each features a swimming pool or comparable recreational facility, year’ round air conditioning, a telephone in every room and 24-hour switchboard service, free reservation service, ample parking, highest standards, rigid inspection approval and management that is capable, experienced and hospitable.” There were 57 Red Carpet Inn properties listed, some in key cities and popular attraction areas such as Tucson, Arizona; Little Rock, Arkansas; Denver, Colorado; Daytona Beach, Jacksonville and Orlando, Florida; Atlanta and Savannah, Georgia; Knoxville and Pigeon Forge, Tennessee; Houston, Texas; Richmond, Staunton, Virginia Beach and Williamsburg, Virginia.
Ownership changed around 1978, with Red Carpet Inns International’s headquarters being moved to Atlanta, Georgia. In 1980 Red Carpet Inns International published its International Travel Directory, listing 99 properties flying either the Red Carpet Inn or Master Hosts Inns flags, with 30 U.S. locations, throughout Canada and in Monterrey, Mexico. Football great, Johnny Unitas is also a spokesman for the company during this time period. 
The Red Carpet Inn brand has been a stable entity in the lodging industry since 1968. Locations include limited and full-service hotel facilities in the economy to mid-level price ranges. Guest amenities include: guestroom toiletries package, in-room high speed Internet access, and continental breakfast or a restaurant. The average property size is 68 rooms. Red Carpet Inn Brands are part of the Hospitality International Franchise System and are individually owned and operated.

</doc>
<doc id="31047039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047039" title="Levoberezhny (rural locality)">
Levoberezhny (rural locality)

Levoberezhny (; masculine), Levoberezhnaya (; feminine), or Levoberezhnoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="31047047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047047" title="Marshall High School (Marshall, Minnesota)">
Marshall High School (Marshall, Minnesota)

Marshall Senior High School is a public high school located in Marshall, Minnesota. The school educates students in grades 9 to 12. This high school received a GreatSchools rating of 7 out of 10 based on the students' test scores. In 2011, the 10th grade reading scores and the 11th grade science scores were both above the state average. However, the 11th grade math scores were 3% below the Minnesota state average.
Administration.
This is the administration as of March 30, 2012.
Graduation Requirements.
Students are also required to achieve 30.5 credits in the following areas:
Activities.
Marshall Senior High School has a variety of activities that teach the athletes skills such as: teamwork, self-disciple, time-manangement, and dedication. The school offers fine art activities as well as athletic activities. 
The fine art programs are:
The athletic activities are:
The activities have 75% of the student body participating in at least one activity a year. 63% of students who participate are involved in two or more activities. The school has nine Minnesota High School League (MSHSL) Team State Champions and 67 teams compete in MSHSL state tournaments as well as many individuals competing in state tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="31047055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047055" title="Precautionary savings">
Precautionary savings

Precautionary savings occurs in response to uncertainty regarding future income. The precautionary motive to delay consumption and save in the current period rises due to the lack of completeness of insurance markets. Accordingly, individuals will not be able to insure against some bad state of the economy in the future. They anticipate that if this bad state is realized, they will earn lower income. To avoid future income fluctuations and retain a smooth consumption, they set aside a precautionary reserve, by consuming less in the current period, and resort to it in case the bad state is realized in the future.
Basic concept.
Economists have realized significance of precautionary savings long ago. Historically, the precautionary motive for saving has been recognized by economists since the time of John Maynard Keynes. Moreover, Alfred Marshal stressed the importance of saving to secure against future risks: "The thriftlessness of early times was in great measure due to the want of security that those who made provision for the future would enjoy it". 
Defining this concept, individuals save out of their current income to smooth the expected consumption stream over time. The impact of the precautionary savings is realized through its impact on current consumption, as individuals defer their current consumption to be able to maintain the utility level of consumption in the future if income drops. 
Some examples of events that create the need for precautionary savings include health risk, business risk, unavoidable expenditures, and risk of labor income change, saving for retirement and child's education.
Precautionary savings are intimately associated with investments, if earnings are not used for purchasing commodities and services; there is a probability that the precautionary savings can be invested to generate fixed capital and achieve economic growth.
Precautionary saving is different from precautionary savings. The first is a perpetual function, or a flow variable quantity. Conversely, the later denotes the stock that is present at a single point of time. Precautionary savings can be therefore termed as a buffer that is created by the individuals to keep their consumption path to a certain level. 
Higher precautionary savings level would reflect on higher wealth of an individual or a growth in net worth.
Precautionary savings and life cycle - Permanent Income Hypothesis.
In this context, precautionary saving is determined when some level of utility of consumption is well defined. Once the individual identifies this level (known in economics as consumers’ utility maximization problem), norms of individuals’ income spending are determined accordingly, in order to maintain the extra utility gained from extra consumption spending constant across time. 
This was realized by Friedman (1957) and later by Ando and Modigliani (1963) and Bewley (1977) in their seminal work on the permanent income hypothesis (PIH).
The relevance of life-cycle framework, therefore, builds on inter-temporal allocation of resources between the present and an uncertain future with the goal of maximizing utility. Rational individuals take sequential decisions to achieve a coherent and ‘stable’ future goal using currently available information. 
Moreover, under this framework, individuals will have to discount the future with a subjective discount rate that is equal to the market’s interest rate, in order to rule out dis-savings for lack of patience. Hence, the analysis usually focuses on the fluctuations of consumption due to the precautionary motive for savings. Therefore in case of income fluctuations, individuals maintain the level of marginal utility of consumption constant across time by saving and dis-saving. 
Weil (1993) proposed a simplistic multi-period model to analyze determinants of precautionary savings. Analytical findings confirmed the presence of a precautionary savings motive, that is positively correlated with income risk. More extensive research has been conducted in this area, and concrete evidence confirmed that the presence of precautionary motive for savings building within the permanent income hypothesis framework.
Uncertainty.
(i) Theoretical motivation.
Leland (1968) introduced a simple analytical framework that builds on the prudence individuals towards risk. This is a concept that economists define as decreasing absolute risk aversion risk aversion with a convex marginal utility (U"' >0). Leland proved that, even for small variations of future income, the precautionary demand for saving exists.
It was only recently that economists confirmed the early findings of Leland. Lusardi (1998) confirmed that intuitions derived from economic models without a precautionary motive could be seriously misleading, even with small uncertainty.
A more developed analytical framework would consider the impact of income risk and capital risk on precautionary savings. Increased savings in the current period raises the expected value of future consumption. Hence the consumer reacts to increased income riskiness by raising level of saving.
Yet increases in saving will also increase the variability (variance) of future consumption. This in turn gives rise to two conflicting tendencies of income and substitution effects. Higher capital risk makes the consumer less inclined to expose his resources to the possibility of future loss; this imposes a positive substitution effect on consumption (i.e. substitute acquiring capital in the current period with consuming in the future to avoid capital loss in the future due to capital risk). This is met with an opposite force, as higher riskiness makes it necessary to save more in order to protect oneself against very low levels of future consumption. This explains the negative income effect on consumption.
A step forward was led by Kimball (1990) who defined the characteristic of "prudence". The measure of absolute prudence was defined as q =-U'"/U", and the index of relative prudence as p=-wU"'/U" (i.e. U is a utility function). The prudence index measures the intensity of the precautionary motive just as risk aversion measures the intensity of the desire for insurance.
(ii) Empirical literature.
The empirical literature shows mixed evidence on the significance of the precautionary motive for savings. Numerical simulations suggested the possibility precautionary saving, ranging from 20 to 60 percent of all saving. A significant empirical contribution by Brumberg (1956), showed that savings in the current period were seen statistically significant to bridge the gap between current income and the highest previously earned income. Hence, savings were considered a significant hedge against the income fluctuations. 
An attempt to quantify the impact of idiosyncratic risk on savings was led by Aiyagari (1994). Insurance market incompleteness was introduced by assuming a large number of individuals who receive idiosyncratic labor income shocks that are uninsured. This model allows for the individuals’ time preference rate - to differ from the markets’ interest rate. Findings of the model showed that lower variability of earnings exhibited lower savings rate. Also, savings rate where higher by a range of 7% to 14% as variability of earnings increases. These findings are of significance for social policy analysis.
The analysis also accounted for the case where market interest rate was higher than the subjective time preference, and provided evidence that individuals will postpone consumption and save by accumulating large stocks of assets. In case both rates were equal, given an anticipated shock to the labor income, rational individual would hold a large stock of assets to hedge for the income risk. The paper also proves analytically that when interest rate is lower than the time preference rat, individuals would accumulate savings.
Dardanoni (1991) proposed that high percentages of precautionary savings would simply be implausible, as most savings should come from the top percentiles of the income distribution; i.e., individuals who are not very likely to engage in precautionary saving. 
More sensibly, Browning and Lusardi (1996) concluded, that based on empirical literature precautionary motive is important for some people at some times, it is unlikely to be so for most people. In other words, the heterogeneity of consumption/saving behavior of individuals in the economy makes it difficult to precisely quantify precautionary motive for saving. 
Moreover, insuring industrial workers’ future incomes against workplace accident was used to test the effect of insurance on precautionary savings. This was conducted for 7000 households who did not or could not obtain complete insurance coverage against workplace accident risk, covering 1917-1919. Industrial workers at the time significantly reduced their saving and insurance consumption by approximately 25 percent when their expected post accident benefits increased.
Subsequent analysis from Kazarosian (1997), using data from the National Longitudinal Survey, has shown that a doubling of uncertainty increases the ratio of wealth to permanent income by 29%. In addition, surveys have shown that most Americans desire precautionary savings at 8% of total net worth and 20% of total financial wealth.
Ventura and Eisenhauer (2005) argue that the reason behind lack of consensus of empirical work on the magnitude of precautionary savings is due to the lack of suitable data, and of a good proxy for future income variability.
Macroeconomic context.
Empirical work has mostly focused on the representative individuals’ determinants of precautionary saving. More recent work emphasized on the importance of the time dimension. Under this notion, uncertainty about households anticipated future income due to expected unemployment, strengthens the precautionary motive for saving and hence and a cut in consumption spending (cetrus paribus). This in turn justifies the fact that precautionary savings may be part of the explanation why large consumption falls anticipate large increases in unemployment in response to exogenous shocks to the economy.
In the context of business cycles, Challe and Ragot (2010) showed that shocks to labor productivity affect firm’s incentives to create jobs and hence the expected duration of unemployment spells. When employed workers are imperfectly insured against the occurrence of such spells, they hoard assets for self-insurance purposes. Moreover, during times of recession the precautionary motive for holding wealth is strengthened, causing aggregate savings to rise and aggregate consumption to fall which in turn interprets the implications of shock propagation in the economy.
Not only do individuals accumulate reserves for precautionary purposes, but also sovereigns follow the same behavior. Saving rates of fast growing emerging economies have been rising over time, leading to surprising “upstream” flows of capital from developing to rich countries. Carroll and Jeanne (2009) developed a model to test the relationship between economic development, stock of savings and capital flows. The model was able to confirm the precautionary motive of sovereigns' accumulation of assets (ratio of net foreign assets to GDP) in response to risks of global imbalances.

</doc>
<doc id="31047069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047069" title="Canon EOS-1">
Canon EOS-1

The EOS-1 is a 35mm single lens reflex (SLR) camera body produced by Canon. It was announced by Canon in 1989, and was the professional model in the range. The camera also had a successor, the Canon EOS-1N, in 1994. 
The original EOS-1 was launched in 1989. It was the company's first professional-level EOS camera and was aimed at the same photographers who had used Canon's highly respected, manual focus professional FD mount SLRs, such as the Canon New F-1 and the Canon T90. On a physical level the EOS-1 resembled the T90, which had been designed for Canon by Luigi Colani. The EOS-1 had a single centrally-mounted autofocus point, plus basic weather sealing.
Features.
At the time of its creation, The Canon EOS-1 was placed at the top of Canon's EOS camera line. The camera featured a plastic shell (polycarbonate) over diecast aluminium frame and anti-slip artificial leather.
The fixed eye-level pentaprism viewfinder has 100-percent vertical and horizontal coverage.
Shutter speeds range from 30 seconds to 1/8000 of a second in all exposure modes. 
There are 14 custom functions to change the way the camera operates, which set options like exposure steps, mirror lock-up, 
Power comes from one 2CR5 battery, an optional BP-E1 Battery Pack housing four AA alkaline or lithium batteries or the PB-E1 Power Booster drive housing eight AA batteries and allowing for 5.5 frames per second to be photographed, depending on the type of battery and the shutter speed selected. 
The camera weighs in at 890 grams loaded with a battery.
Background.
There were two versions of the Canon EOS-1 available on launch. There was the Standard body only option, and a more premium High Speed option called the Canon EOS-1 HS. The HS kit came with the body and the additional Power Drive Booster E1, which allowed for up to 5.5 frames per second. The HS option was mainly used for sports and wildlife photography. 
The EOS-1 was discontinued in 1994 with the arrival of the EOS-1N.

</doc>
<doc id="31047103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047103" title="Johann Eleazar Zeissig">
Johann Eleazar Zeissig

Johann Eleazar Zeissig, also known as Schenau (November 7, 1737 – August 23, 1806), was a German genre, portrait and porcelain painter, and engraver; director of the Royal Academy of Arts in Dresden.
Life.
Schenau was born in 1737, the son of Elias Zeissig and Anna Elisabeth (née Paul), poor Damask weavers, of Großschönau, near Zittau in Saxony. Together with his five sisters, he was tutored by his father in arithmetic, writing, reading and also learnt the trade of Damask weaving. He showed an early talent for painting and drawing, and was sent away at the age of twelve to study art in Dresden, where he was also employed as a lawyer's clerk. Through the help of a pupil of Anton Raphael Mengs, he was accepted at the Dresden art school.
Here, Schenau was taught by Charles-François de Silvestre, the son of the director of the school, Louis de Silvestre. In 1756, after the outbreak of the Seven Years' War, he accompanied the Sylvestre brothers to Paris, where he stayed until 1770, working at the Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture with, amongst others, Johann Georg Wille. He became acquainted with leading French artists of the day, such as François Boucher, Gabriel François Doyen, Maurice Quentin de La Tour and Edmé Bouchardon; he was particularly influenced by the work of Jean-Baptiste Greuze. Schenau copied the works of the old masters such as Antonio da Correggio, Guido Reni and Titian, and acquired the patronage of the Saxon ambassador, General Fontenay. He also became a china painter, working at the porcelain factory in Sèvres, taking on, in addition, the roles of goldsmith, engraver and sculptor.
Through the influence of his mentor, Charles-François de Silvestre, or his wife, the teacher and confidante of the Dauphine Maria Josepha, Schenau was introduced to the French court; he received many commissions from the Crown Princess of France and was soon the most respected genre painter in Paris. He painted portraits of, amongst others, Maria Josepha and Madame de Pompadour.
In 1770, at the end of the Seven Years' War, Schenau went back to Dresden. In that year he became a member of the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts and, three years later, the Director of the drawing school of the porcelain factory in Meissen. In Meissen, he taught students not only drawing on china, but also created new designs.
In 1774, he became professor of genre and portrait painting at the Dresden Art Academy. After the death of Charles François Hutin, in 1776, he was made, together with Giovanni Battista Casanova, alternate director of the Academy and on Casanova's death in 1795, the sole director. Among his students were Christian Henry Becke, Friedrich Rehberg and Christian Leberecht Vogel; amongst his admirers was the writer August Gottlieb Meissner, who dedicated his book "Alcibiades" (1781) to the artist. In 1796 Schenau returned from the Meissen porcelain factory and devoted the following years to teaching at the Art Academy.
Schenau died in 1806 in Dresden. His grave was originally located in St. John's churchyard "(Johanniskirchhof)" but, during the secularization of the cemetery, was moved 1854 to the cemetery in Großschönau.
Artistic style.
Schenau began his artistic career as a copyist of old masters. In Paris he became acquainted with contemporary painters, but also through his studies at the Académie royale was influenced by French art theory of the time. His work also reveals the influence of the Dutch Fijnschilders, such as Gerard Dou and Caspar Netscher.
His work was also influenced by his French friends, such as Jean Siméon Chardin, and, especially, Jean-Baptiste Greuze. Many of his drawings and paintings were reproduced as copper engraving reproductions for mass sale. Under the name Daniel Heimlich, Schenau also published etchings of views from the area around Paris.
Many of his works are now lost or destroyed, such as the altarpiece of the Holy Cross Church in Dresden, which he had worked on from 1788-1792; a fire in 1897 destroyed the nave and the altar which was replaced by a work by Anton Dietrich (1833-1904).
Most of his surviving works are now in museums in Saxony. A few of his works, such as "Elector of Saxony's Family" (1772) and "The Art Discussion" (1777), can be found in the Dresden State Art Collections. Many works are in the "Deutsches Damast-und Frottiermuseum" in his hometown of Großschönau.
Work.
Example: "Das Kunstgespräch" (The Art Discussion).
This important work of 1777 shows, in the foreground on the right, the Saxon statesman, Thomas Fritsch (1700-1775), together with Christian Ludwig von Hagedorn, art theorist and collector. Both are engrossed in a conversation about art. On the table between them, allegorical figures representing painting, sculpture and poetry can be seen. Amongst those listening in the background are painters Adrian Zingg (left), Schenau himself and Anton Graff.

</doc>
<doc id="31047105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047105" title="ADVFN">
ADVFN

ADVFN () is a financial market website. It provides online data and services to private investors such as stock quotes, charts, news, FOREX, Futures & Options and stock screeners. The site currently covers in excess of 70 stock exchanges from across the globe. It is known for its active bulletin boards (internet forums).
History.
ADVFN was established in the last quarter of 1999 and floated on AIM in March 2000. It now has over 2,000,000 registered users. In February 2006, ADVFN bought Equity Holdings Limited - the owner of research brand Equity Development.
In September 2006, ADVFN acquired InvestorsHub.com - an online investment community website in the North American market.
In recent years, ADVFN has expanded from the UK to Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Mexico and USA with geo- and language-targeted financial sites in these territories.
Data provision.
ADVFN provides real-time stocks and shares prices.
In February, 2011, ADVFN launched Level 2 Montage - a system combining four Level 2 order books trading simultaneously. It includes the order books of Chi-X, Turquoise and PLUS as well as the London Stock Exchange.
ADVFN operates both free and premium bulletin boards, which receive between 10,000-12,000 posts a day. The bulletin boards have often been a springboard for shareholder activism. Unfortunately, of late (June and July), it is experiencing more technical problems. As of 3 July 2014, the website is again down. Advfn do attempt to advertise other services, but as recent users have suggested; " Better to concentrate on running what they have than selling us services when their original proposition fails on a regular basis." Source registered paid subscriber bulltraderpt.

</doc>
<doc id="31047153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047153" title="Francisco de Paula del Villar y Lozano">
Francisco de Paula del Villar y Lozano

Francisco de Paula del Villar y Lozano, (Murcia, 1828–Barcelona, 1901) was a Spanish architect. 
He studied architecture in Madrid at the Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando, and qualified in 1852. The following year he settled in Barcelona and was elected a member of what is now known as the Reial Acadèmia Catalana de Belles Arts de Sant Jordi. In 1854 he designed a series of emergency hospitals for victims of the cholera epidemic. Amongst other public appointments he became president of the Association of Architects and director of the Higher School of Architecture. 
He held the post of diocesan architect from 1874 to 1892, and was succeeded in it by his son Francesc de Paula del Villar i Carmona. He restored the church of Santa Maria del Pi, the Basílica de Santa Maria de Vilafranca and the Casa de Misericòrdia; he also designed many parish churches and the apse of the basilica of the Monastery of Montserrat, a commission on which Antoni Gaudí worked under him in a junior capacity. In 1877 he was commissioned by the Associació de Devots de Sant Josep to build the church of the Sagrada Família. Villar planned a Neo-Gothic design, of which only the crypt was built. He abandoned the project in 1883 as a result of disagreements with Joan Martorell, the architect advising Josep Maria Bocabella, president of the Associació de Devots de Sant Josep and promoter of the project. The job was offered to Martorell, who turned it down, recommending instead Antoni Gaudí, who thus took charge of the project and made it into his magnum opus.

</doc>
<doc id="31047164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047164" title="Aroostook Valley Railroad">
Aroostook Valley Railroad

The Aroostook Valley Railroad was a railroad that operated between Presque Isle and Caribou, Maine from the early 1900s to 1996. The railroad operated maroon interurban cars with grey roofs on 1200 volt DC power until 1945.
History.
Arthur R. Gould purchased a Presque Isle sawmill in 1889. He began to investigate log driving on the Aroostook River as the supply of local logs was exhausted. He needed a railroad to move logs from the river to his sawmill; and recognized the possibility of using the river's water power to generate electricity. The railroad was founded in 1902 and the Maine Railroad Commission granted it approval to operate on 1 July of the same year. Its survey of the planned route was approved the next year, but not until 20 June 1910 was construction completed and the safety certificate approved. The AVR's official opening was on 1 July 1910; at the time it operated of track between Presque Isle and Washburn, Maine. In 1911, of track was added, extending the line's terminus to New Sweden and in 1912 track was extended to Caribou, a further . The line was electrified for the early part of the railroad's history.
Gould considered extending the railroad to Lac-Frontière, Quebec through additional sources of timber and electricity, but after the World Wars this plan was dropped. In 1932, the Canadian Pacific Railway acquired a controlling interest in the railroad by buying Gould's share of the company for a price of $225 a share. Passenger service to New Sweden was discontinued in the late 1930s. With the onset of World War II, Presque Isle's airport was converted to a military base for ferrying aircraft to Europe; and the railroad built a branch line to handle fuel and equipment shipments to the airfield.
Traffic.
The railroad's traffic consisted largely of potatoes. Five thousand carloads were carried in an average year. Other farming products made up the bulk of the rest of early freight traffic, including hay, fertilizer, grain, flour and starch, as well as logs and lumber for Gould's sawmill. During its early years, the railroad made about $60,000 a year from freight traffic, about twice the amount made from passenger service. Passenger travel declined through the 1920s and 1930s. Military freight traffic became significant with the onset of World War II. Military shipments to the airfield were as much as eight or ten carloads per day; and the railroad began carrying passengers in a highway bus to avoid passenger schedule conflicts with expedited military freight shipments. Freight was interchanged with the Bangor and Aroostook Railroad at Washburn, and with the Canadian Pacific at Washburn Junction, near Presque Isle. Inbound heating oil and coal were important car loadings in later years; and a few loads of road salt and farm machinery contributed additional income. The railroad served Skyway Industrial Airpark occupants on the former Presque Isle Air Force Base after the base closed in 1961, including International Paper Company and Indian Head Plywood Company.
Diesel era.
In July 1945, the electrification was ended, and the AVR bought two GE 44-ton switchers numbered 10 and 11. Switcher number 12 was later added in 1949. On 7 August 1945, passenger service on the line was ended. Aside from the three switchers, the railroad operated a caboose, maintenance-of-way flatcar number 101, and converted steeplecab snowplow number 53 through the later years. The flatcar was painted black with white lettering, while the other rolling stock was painted dark blue with yellow lettering and striping. Canadian Pacific MLW S-3 number 6500 worked on the line briefly in 1978 in an attempt to retire the aging 44-ton switchers, but was too heavy for the 70-pound rail.
During the 1970s, the railroad's potato traffic, its major revenue source, dropped, due to Interstate 95's extension to Houlton, Maine, as well as bad crops during this time and the Penn Central Railroad's unreliability in handling potatoes shipped by rail in southern New England. Canadian Pacific sold the railroad in 1980 to an investment group seeking the regulatory advantages of a home railroad for their fleet of leased boxcars. The line north of Washburn was abandoned in 1983.
An April 1987 flood destroyed two Canadian Pacific bridges, causing the AVR to lose its connection with the CP at Washburn Junction. Fewer than 1000 cars were handled on the surviving of trackage in 1989, and the railroad ended operations in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31047165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047165" title="Donal Bradley">
Donal Bradley

Donal Donat Conor Bradley, is Lee-Lucas Professor of Experimental Physics at Imperial College London. He is also Director of the Centre for Plastic Electronics and since August 2013 a Vice-Provost for Research at the college.
Bradley is known for his contributions to the development of molecular electronic materials and devices. Plastic or Printed electronics, as this technology is widely known, embodies a paradigm shift towards low temperature, solution-based device fabrication with applications in energy efficient displays and lighting, photovoltaic energy generation, medical diagnostics and longer term potential for optical communications. His experimental investigations have significantly advanced the understanding of the physics of conjugated polymers as semiconductors and helped to demonstrate their widespread application potential.
Education.
Bradley was a pupil and latterly Head Boy at Wimbledon College (The College of the Sacred Heart Wimbledon) in the London Borough of Merton. 
He studied as an undergraduate student (BSc Physics) at Imperial College London between 1980 and 1983 and obtained a first class honours degree and Associateship of the Royal College of Science. He was awarded the Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce Silver Medal and fellowship (FRSA) as an outstanding graduate of the Royal College of Science and served in his second year as the Royal College of Science Union Departmental Representative for Physics.
Bradley’s postgraduate research was undertaken in the Physics and Chemistry of Solids Group at the Cavendish Laboratory, University of Cambridge and he received a PhD in 1987 for his thesis "“Spectroscopic investigations of the processible conjugated polymers poly(p-phenylene vinylene) and poly(4,4'-diphenylenediphenylvinylene)”".
Career.
After completing his PhD in 1987 he was briefly a postdoctoral research associate funded by British Petroleum before being simultaneously awarded the Unilever Research Fellowship in Chemical Physics at Corpus Christi College Cambridge (held 1987 - 1989) and a Toshiba Research Fellowship to work at the Toshiba Corporation Research and Development Center’s Chemical Laboratory in Kawasaki, Japan (held 1987 - 1988).
On returning to Corpus Christi College, after a year spent in Japan studying the nonlinear optical properties of poly(arylenevinylene) polymers, he played a central role in the February 1989 discovery of conjugated polymer electroluminescence, suggesting the experiment that led to Dr Jeremy Henley Burroughes’ first observation of light emission. Together with Jeremy Burroughes he undertook the initial characterization of the basic properties of poly(p-phenylenevinylene) light emitting diodes, demonstrating that the light emission phenomenon was injection electroluminescence and that the frequency response was sufficiently fast to permit video display applications.
Recognizing the importance of their discovery Bradley and Burroughes decided that it should be patented and together with Richard Friend filed a GB patent (PCT/GB90.00584) with first claim:
"An electroluminescent device comprising a semiconductor layer in the form of a thin dense polymer film comprising at least one conjugated polymer;"
"a first contact layer which is selected so that on application of an electric field to said device charge carriers of a first type are injected into the semiconductor layer;" "and a second contact layer which is selected so that on application of an electric field to said device charge carriers of a second type are injected into the semiconductor layers, wherein the polymer film of the semiconductor layer has sufficiently low concentration of extrinsic charge carriers that on applying an electric field between the first and second contact layers across the semiconductor layer as to render the second contact layer positive relative to the first contact layer charge carriers of said first and second types are injected into the semiconductor layer and combine to form in the conjugated polymer charge carrier pairs which decay radiatively so that radiation is emitted from the conjugated polymer."
Bradley was the corresponding author for the subsequent 1990 Nature paper reporting the discovery of conjugated polymer electroluminescence. This paper rapidly became the most highly cited paper in the field of molecular electronic materials and devices - a position that it holds to this day - and it triggered an explosion of activity around the world, thereby launching the new field of plastic electronics.
Bradley is an Institute for Scientific Information highly cited author in both Materials Science and Physics with 563 papers published to date. His h-index is currently 87 and his publications have been cited a combined total of more than 42,500 times (ISI Web of Knowledge).
Named Lectures.
Bradley delivered the first Nanjing Tech Global Vision Lecture (annual distinguished lecture) on “Molecular Control for Plastic Electronics and Photonics“ in July 2013.
In February 2011 he delivered the Distinguished Lecture in Physics on “Molecular Control for Conjugated Polymer Optics and Photonics“ at Hong Kong Baptist University.
in March 2010, he delivered the Royal Society Bakerian Lecture on “Plastic Electronics: their science and applications”.
In December 2009 he delivered the Institute of Physics Mott Lecture on "“Plastic Electronics - The Science and Application of Molecular Electronic Materials and Devices” ".
In November of the same year he delivered the Hong Kong Polytechnic University Chau Wai-yin Memorial Lecture "“Twenty Years of Plastic Electronics - The Science and Application of Molecular Electronic Materials”" and in October the University of Liverpool Frolich Lecture "“The Science and Application of Molecular Electronic Materials and Devices”".
In 2005 Bradley delivered the European Science Foundation European Latsis Prize Lecture ""Nano-Engineering a Molecular Electronic Future"" at the European Parliament building in Strasbourg, France, the Institute of Physics Ireland Lecture Series (at Trinity College, Dublin, University College Cork and University College Galway) "“Organic Electronics: A Molecular Vision”" and in 2004 the Weissberger-Williams Lecture (same title) at the Eastman Kodak Company’s R&D Laboratories in Rochester, New York, USA.
Awards and Prizes.
Bradley’s research has been recognized by
He was also the recipient of the Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce Silver Medal in 1983 as an outstanding graduate of the Royal College of Science.
Bradley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce (FRSA) in 1983, a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2004, a fellow of the Institute of Physics (FInstP) in 2005 and a Fellow of the Institution of Engineering and Technology (FIET) in 2013.
In the New Year Honours 2010 Bradley was appointed as a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (CBE) by the Queen for "services to science".
Other honours.
Bradley has been ranked since 2002 by the Institute for Scientific Information as one of the 1% most highly cited physicists in the world for research published over the past two decades. Additionally he has been ranked since 2010 as one of the 1% most highly cited materials scientists in the world for research published over the past two decades.
He is also ranked by the Institute for Scientific Information as one of the top 100 materials scientists in the world on the basis of the impact (citations per paper) of his journal papers published in the decade 2000-2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31047196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047196" title="Caitlin Montanye Parrish">
Caitlin Montanye Parrish

Caitlin Montanye Parrish works as a critic, playwright, essayist, and lecturer.
Original plays.
"A Twist of Water":*[http://www.route66theatre.org/sites/twistPage.htm]
Currently at the Theatre Wit, Dir. Erica Weiss*[https://www.theaterwit.org/boxoffice/index.php].
Red Tape Theatre, Fresh Eyes Project, Chicago, IL (January, 2010) Dir. Keira Fromm
"Alice in Circles": * [http://www.chicagotheaterdb.com/productions/1695]
Rhinofest, Chicago, IL (2006) Dir. Erica L. Weiss
Hypatia Theatre Project, Chicago, IL (2009) Dir. Erica L. Weiss
"Echo Boom": Centenary College, Shreveport, LA (2008) Dir. Brandy Austin
University of North Florida, Jacksonville, FL (2007) Dir. Caitlin Montanye Parrish*[http://www.unf.edu/thefloridacenter/CTSymposium/echoboom.html]
DePaul University, Chicago, IL (2006) Dir. Robert O’Hara
Awards:Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival Nominee (2006)
"Florida Styx": Hypatia Theatre Company, Chicago, IL (2006) Dir. Erica L. Weiss
Notable Reviews:
“4 stars…Parrish is aces with poetic dialogue.” TimeOut Chicago* [http://timeoutchicago.com/arts-culture/theater/43722/florida-styx]
“3 ½ stars…remarkable poignancy and metaphoric elegance…Parrish remarkably captures the destitution of life in the altered state of reality that is Florida…“Florida Styx” is a prime example of the commitment to artistic vision that this city nurtures.” Gay Chicago Magazine
"Fuck Tori Amos"
"Publications:"
Smith & Kraus’ 2008: The Best Ten-Minute Plays for 2 Actors
Smith & Kraus’ The Best Women’s Stage Monologues of 2008 (excerpt)
Around the Coyote, Chicago, IL (2006) Dir. Erica L. Weiss
Chicago Dramatists, Chicago, IL (2005) Dir. Ernie Nolan
"Moss Lady"
The Inconvenience, Chicago, IL (2009) Dir. Missi Davis
"Red Georgia Clay"
Hypatia Theatre Company, Chicago, IL (2005) Dir. Erica L. Weiss
Awards: Princess Grace Fellowship Semi-Finalist (2005)
"Strapped"
The Inconvenience, Chicago, IL (2010) Dir. Emily Reusswig
AbbyFest, Chicago, IL (Summer, 2010) Dir. TBA
"Suit"
Around the Coyote, Chicago, IL (2005) Dir. Gemma Cooper-Novak
Victory Gardens Theatre Reading Series, Chicago, IL (March, 2010) Dir. Erica L. Weiss
"The View from Tall" 
Cherry Lane Theatre, New York, NY (2004) Dir. Brett D. Reynolds
Route 66 Theatre Company, Chicago, IL (2009) Dir. Erica L. Weiss
Tennessee Women’s Theatre Project, Nashville, TN (2009) Dir. Brandy Austin
Manhattan Theatre Club, New York, NY (2006) Dir. Leigh Silverman
Portland Stage Company, Portland, ME (2005) Dir. Lisa Difranza
Awards.
National Young Playwrights Competition Winner (2003)
Lectures / Solo performance pieces.
“Big Wind” KAPWA: An Arts Benefit for the Philippines, Chicago, IL (2009)
“Bon Iver”, The Inconvenience, Chicago, IL (2009)
“Cosmic Horror and the Unopened Door”, Red Tape Theatre, Chicago, IL (2009)
“Epic Fail”, Night of the Living Entertainers III, Chicago, IL (2009)
“Gothic Feminism”, Red Tape Theatre, Chicago, IL (2009)
“A Great Depression Is What You Need”, The Inconvenience, Chicago, IL (2009)
“Memphis”
The Inconvenience, Chicago, IL (2009), “Nora Jane Schoeny”
The Encyclopedia Show, Chicago, IL (2009)
“The Story of a Mother”, Red Tape Theatre, Chicago, IL (2009)
“The Story We Don’t Want to Tell & The End of the World is a Poem”, Red Tape Theatre, Chicago, IL (2009)
“A Brief Discourse on the Importance of Etymology in Tomorrow’s Election”, Night of the Living Entertainers II, Chicago, IL (2008)
Theatre reviews.
“12 Ophelias” Time Out Chicago / Issue 240 : Oct 1–7, 2009* [http://timeoutchicago.com/arts-culture/theater/68961/12-ophelias]
“A Song for Coretta” Time Out Chicago / Issue 226 : Jun 25–Jul 1, 2009* [http://timeoutchicago.com/arts-culture/theater/65222/a-song-for-coretta]
“Aunt Dan and Lemon” Time Out Chicago / Issue 248 : Nov 26–Dec 2, 2009 * [http://timeoutchicago.com/arts-culture/theater/71607/aunt-dan-and-lemon]
“Bent” Time Out Chicago / Issue 230 : Jul 23–29, 2009
“Boys’ Life” Time Out Chicago / Issue 234 : Aug 20–26, 2009
“Cat on a Hot Tin Roof” Time Out Chicago / Issue 233 : Aug 13–19, 2009
“Dead Wrong” Time Out Chicago / Issue 227 : Jul 2–8, 2009
“Dr. Harlon’s Keys to Better Living” Time Out Chicago / Issue 248: Nov 26—Dec 2, 2009
“Earth: TTFN?!” Time Out Chicago / Issue 228 : Jul 9–15, 2009
“Ivanov” Time Out Chicago / Issue 241 : Oct 8–14, 2009
“Lorca in a Green Dress” Time Out Chicago / Issue 235 : Aug 27–Sep 2, 2009
“Man of La Mancha” Time Out Chicago / Issue 244 : Oct 29, 2009–Nov 6, 2009
“Sex” Time Out Chicago / Issue 245 : Nov 5–11, 2009
“Ten Square” Time Out Chicago / Issue 242 : Oct 15–21, 2009
“The Hecubae” Time Out Chicago / Issue 234 : Aug 20–26, 2009
“The Last Unicorn” Time Out Chicago / Issue 243 : Oct 22–28, 2009
“The Ruby Sunrise” Time Out Chicago / Issue 230 : Jul 23–29, 2009
“The Set Up & The Wild Party” TimeOut Chicago / Issue 237 : Sept 10-16, 2009
“Waiting for Godot” Time Out Chicago / Issue 232 : Aug 6–12, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="31047199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047199" title="Adolf Kober">
Adolf Kober

Adolf Kober (3 September 1879 in Beuthen, Oberschlesien; - 30 December 1958 in New York City) was a rabbi and a historian.
Life.
Kober studied History, Philosophy and Oriental Languages at the University of Breslau (Wrocław) and received a PhD there in 1903 with a thesis on the medieval history of the Jews in Cologne. He attended the Jewish Theological Seminary in Breslau, receiving his rabbinical diploma from Israel Lewi in 1907. 
From 1906 to 1908 he acted as substitute rabbi and religious instructor in the Cologne community. From 1908 to 1918 he was rabbi of the City and district of Wiesbaden. 
In 1918 he took in Cologne, the then largest Jewish community in Germany, the office of community rabbi. In 1922, at the time of the inflation, he founded an organization for the relief of distress among people ashamed to ask for aid ("Notstand für veschaemte Armte"). 
In 1925 he took the responsibility of the interregional department for Jewish history at the “Millennium Exhibition of Rhineland“, that took place in the Cologne Fair grounds. 
In Cologne Kober started in 1929 the "Jüdische Lehrhaus (Jewish training house)" as a site for Jewish adults education and took the responsibility in the same year of the planning of the contents of the Jewish press pavilion in the large Cologne culture exhibition "Pressa". Beside his rabbi activity Kober devoted himself to several scientific publications on the history of Jews of Rhineland. He was a member of the editorial staff of the "Germania Judaica". He lectured at the University of Cologne on Jewish history and Literature. 
In the years 1930 he was one of the publishers of the prestigious "Zeitschrift für die Geschichte der Juden in Deutschland (magazine for the history of Jews in Germany) ".
In 1939 Kober, following the Nazi persecution, emigrated into the USA, where, until his death in 1958 in New York, he remained active as a rabbi and a scholar. Also in the USA he was absorbed by the history of the Rhenish Jewish. He still visited Cologne in 1953 and 1957.
In 1963 the town of Cologne gave his name to a street in Stammheim.

</doc>
<doc id="31047212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047212" title="The MO">
The MO

The Mo, also known simply as Mo, was a Dutch pop band best remembered for the 80's hit "Asia". The band was known to be an experimental pop band during the new wave era.
Biography.
The Mo was founded in 1979 by brothers Clement and Huub de Lange.
Their debut album "Mo", with Heili Helder as singer and Harm Bieger as drummer, had a separate instrumentation; the guitar was missing, instead testing out other instruments such as the use of the Wurlitzer electric piano, clavinet, and the classical wind instrument, the bassoon.
In February 1981 the album reached the top 10. Successful singles from the album were "Nancy" and "Fred Astaire".
After the original group broke up in mid 1981, Harm Bieger then made a new start with the band, recruiting five new members, including singer Linda Bloemhard. He tried to sustain the original sound of Mo to follow up on the success. Two albums followed ("Ha! Ha! The Sound of Laughing" and "Stop Staring"), but failed to make much of an impact, although the song "Cheese" did become a modest hit in dance hall circuits.
The single "Asia" in 1984 became a major hit, but it failed to save the group.
The group disbanded right after the release of their 1984 album "Stop Staring".
In 2013 Linda Bloemhard re-recorded "Cheese" with American producer Fernando Perdomo in Los Angeles and released it on lindabloemhardandfernandoperdomo.Bandcamp.com 

</doc>
<doc id="31047216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047216" title="Ambulyx substrigilis">
Ambulyx substrigilis

Ambulyx substrigilis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka, India, Nepal, Bangladesh, the Andaman Islands, the Nicobar Islands, Thailand, Vietnam, China (Hainan Island), Malaysia (Peninsular, Sarawak), Indonesia (Sumatra, Kalimantan) and the Philippines.
The wingspan is 96-120 mm. It can be distinguished from other "Ambulyx" species by the large black or tawny basal patch of the hindwing upperside. The dorsal line of the abdomen is distinct. The costal sub-basal spot on the forewing upperside is usually absent, but sometimes nearly as large as the one behind cell.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Aglaia littoralis" in India.

</doc>
<doc id="31047226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047226" title="Linfield Christian School">
Linfield Christian School

Linfield Christian School (LCS) is a K-12, co-educational, college-preparatory school located on a 100 acre campus in Temecula, California, a city that is centrally located between San Diego, 57 miles to the south and Los Angeles, 76 miles to the northwest. The school’s colors are Navy, Light Blue and White and the school mascot is the Lion. The current student enrollment is approximately 750 students.
History.
Linfield Christian School, founded and established in 1936, was originally located in Los Angeles and was named the Culter Academy after its founder, Dr. Mabel Culter. Dr. Culter began the school in a home with seven students. Rapid increases in enrollment necessitated several relocations of the campus within Los Angeles. In 1968, the academy moved to its present site and reopened in 1972 as Linfield. Don Odell was president at the time of the relocation and Dr. Robert Mounce was the first headmaster.
Accreditation and memberships.
The school is governed by a Board of Trustees, accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC K-12), and holds membership in the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI) and California Interscholastic Federation (CIF). Linfield is also a member of the National Association for College Admission Counseling and subscribes to the Statement of Principles and Good Practice.
Academic program.
The curriculum at the high school adheres to the entrance requirements of the University of California and California State University school system.
Athletics.
Linfield Christian High School competes with teams in the California Interscholastic Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="31047232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047232" title="Armorial of the Communes of Vendée">
Armorial of the Communes of Vendée

This page lists the armoury (emblazons=graphics and blazons=heraldic descriptions; or coats of arms) of the communes in la Vendée. (Department 85)
Communes without arms.
The following communes don't have official arms, according to the information received from the city halls by La Banque du Blason, who were kind enough to provide the list:
L'Aiguillon-sur-Vie, Antigny, Auzay, Avrillé, Bazoges-en-Paillers, Benet, Boufféré, Bouillé-Courdault, Boulogne, Bourneau, La Bretonnière-la-Claye, Breuil-Barret, Cezais, Chaillé-sous-les-Ormeaux, La Chaize-Giraud, Chambretaud, Champagné-les-Marais, La Chapelle-Achard, La Chapelle-aux-Lys, La Chapelle-Hermier, La Chapelle-Palluau, La Chapelle-Thémer, Chasnais, Château-d'Olonne, Châteauneuf, Chavagnes-les-Redoux, Cheffois, Corpe, La Couture, Damvix, Doix, Dompierre-sur-Yon, Faymoreau, Le Fenouiller, La Ferrière, Fontaines, Fougeré, Froidfond, Le Girouard, Givrand, Grosbreuil, Grues, La Guérinière, L'Île-d'Elle, La Jaudonnière, Lairoux, Landevieille, Le Langon, Liez, Loge-Fougereuse, Les Magnils-Reigniers, Maillé, Marillet, Marsais-Sainte-Radégonde, Martinet, Le Mazeau, La Meilleraie-Tillay, Menomblet, La Merlatière, Mervent, Montreuil, Moreilles, Mormaison, Mouchamps, Moutiers-sur-le-Lay, Mouzeuil-Saint-Martin, Nalliers, Nieul-sur-l'Autise, Notre-Dame-de-Riez, Olonne-sur-Mer, Oulmes, Péault, Petosse, Les Pineaux, Pissotte, Poiroux, Pouillé, Puy-de-Serre, Puyravault, Rosnay, Saint-André-Goule-d'Oie, Saint-André-Treize-Voies, Saint-Aubin-la-Plaine, Saint-Cyr-des-Gâts, Saint-Denis-du-Payré, Sainte-Florence, Sainte-Foy, Sainte-Pexine, Saint-Étienne-de-Brillouet, Saint-Georges-de-Pointindoux, Saint-Germain-l'Aiguiller, Saint-Gervais, Saint-Hilaire-de-Voust, Saint-Hilaire-la-Forêt, Saint-Jean-de-Beugné, Saint-Juire-Champgillon, Saint-Julien-des-Landes, Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salle, Saint-Maixent-sur-Vie, Saint-Malô-du-Bois, Saint-Mars-la-Réorthe, Saint-Martin-de-Fraigneau, Saint-Martin-des-Fontaines, Saint-Martin-Lars-en-Sainte-Hermine, Saint-Michel-en-l'Herm, Saint-Michel-Mont-Mercure, Saint-Paul-Mont-Penit, Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin, Saint-Révérend, Saint-Sigismond, Saint-Urbain, Saint-Valérien, Saint-Vincent-sur-Jard, Saligny, Sallertaine, Sérigné, Le Tablier, La Taillée, Tallud-Sainte-Gemme, Thiré, Thouarsais-Bouildroux, Triaize, Venansault, Vendrennes, Vix, Vouillé-les-Marais, Vouvant, Xanton-Chassenon. (non exhaustive list)

</doc>
<doc id="31047235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047235" title="Warlock of the Stonecrowns">
Warlock of the Stonecrowns

Warlock of the Stonecrowns is an adventure module for the Birthright campaign setting in the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Plot summary.
In "Warlock of the Stonecrowns", an adventure recommended for a party of four to six characters of levels four to ten, the Warlock - a scion of the awnshegh Gorgon - is building an army in his Citadel in the Stonecrown mountains, and plans to wreak vengeance on his father by conquering or extorting alliances from neighboring domains. Various adventure hooks are provided, in addition to the player characters' need to investigate the sudden depletion of realm magic sources in domains adjacent to the Stonecrowns, as the Warlock is accumulating realm magic with the aid of an enchanted cauldron to further his evil scheme. Each stage of the Warlock's scheme is detailed in a four-year chart, allowing the characters to approach the adventure piecemeal, coming back whenever they have gains sufficient experience to face the next hazard.
Parties travelling to the citadel overland are likely to encounter the Warlock's army, while parties that find an underground network of caves and passages to get there may experience several encounters along the way. Suggestions are given for each of the routes to the citadel, with the details left for the referee to fill in.
This citadel is described in great detail, and is filled with the Warlock's minions and his magical traps. The adventure gives the personality and behavior of each group and important NPC. There is also an adjacent shadow world, which uses the same map as the citadel proper; characters that enter this shadow world can gain valuable information and may have some powerful foes.
The adventure climaxes with a showdown between the heroes and the Warlock. The module outlines the deals he is prepared to make and the certain circumstances in which he is prepare to make and under which he'll stick to his word.
Publication history.
"Warlock of the Stonecrowns" was written by Wolfgang Baur and published by TSR in 1995.
Reception.
Cliff Ramshaw reviewed "Warlock of the Stonecrowns" for "Arcane" magazine, rating it an 8 out of 10 overall. Ramshaw had felt that too many Birthright adventures, "overly concerned with issues of nobility and politics, suffer from vagueness or over-linear plotting, but not this one. This one boasts action aplenty." He found the various hooks into the adventure were "all compelling", but felt that "the most likely is the players' need to investigate the sudden depletion of realm magic sources". He found that the Warlock's citadel "is pretty much as you'd expect (there's only so much originality you can apply to this sort of thing, after all) but is augmented by the Warlock's fiendish magical traps". He considered the shadow world an "interesting innovation" and felt that the encounters there were "some truly horrific foes". He called the Warlock "a bit of a monster" but noted that "in certain circumstances he's prepared to deal". Ramshaw concluded his review by saying: "This is an open-ended adventure blessed with a great deal of design attention, proving that detail is not inimical to freedom and that there's plenty of life left in the 'us chaps against the darklord' plot."

</doc>
<doc id="31047270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047270" title="Slovenian patrol boat Triglav">
Slovenian patrol boat Triglav

Triglav is an in use by the 430 Naval Section of the Slovenian Armed Forces. It was acquired by Slovenia from Russia as repayment of a multi million debt. It peforms duties such as supporting diver operations, surveying the Slovenian territorial sea and preventing marine disasters. It can also be deployed under NATO or alone. 
Deployments 
The Slovenian Patrol boat Triglav has been sent to east Sicily in late 2013 to assist Italy with handling of refugees coming from Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="31047277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047277" title="Ambulyx dohertyi">
Ambulyx dohertyi

Ambulyx dohertyi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Solomon Islands, Papua New Guinea and Queensland.
It is similar to "Ambulyx moorei" and "Ambulyx semifervens" but the greenish olive stripe across tegula is sharply defined and broader, continued onto the metanotum as a broad stripe. The adult are dimorphic. Males have brown patterned forewings, each with three black spots outlined in white. The hindwings are patterned in yellow and orange. The females have dark purplish brown forewings and darker hindwings, with patterns similar to those of the male.

</doc>
<doc id="31047279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047279" title="Credit-ticket system">
Credit-ticket system

The credit-ticket system was a form of emigration prevalent in the mid to late nineteenth century, in which brokers advanced the cost of the passage to workers and retained control over their services until they repaid their debt in full. It generally refers to the immigration of Chinese to California, but migrants to Hawaii, British Columbia, and Australia participated in a similar process. Controversy exists over whether or not the credit-ticket system was actually voluntary. The association of Chinese laborers with involuntary contract labor during a time in which it was illegal exacerbated the public’s anti-Asian sentiments. However, because of the lack of documentation regarding the credit-ticket system, it is difficult to prove whether or not Chinese laborers were truly free agents. 
Origins.
End of indentured servitude.
Indentured servitude, once the dominant form of emigration to the United States, had largely disappeared by the start of the nineteenth century. First, improvements in the European labor markets increasingly allowed emigrants to pay their own way, and reduced the need to enter into indentured servitude contracts. Lower transport costs also made it easier for them to finance their own voyages, and decreased the cost of importing slaves. Indentured servitude fell out of favor as a form of European emigration as economic conditions in both Europe and the U.S. changed, and slavery became the primary source of cheap and controllable labor. 
Chinese migrants were motivated by the same economic conditions as early European indentured servants. The ratio of the cost of migration to the wealth of the migrants was high, so they had to find other methods of financing their passage. While this ratio dropped for European migrants in the nineteenth century, it remained high for Asian migrants. They also had incentives to emigrate because their projected earnings in the U.S. were much higher than those in China, especially due to the promise of riches in the California Gold Rush, which began in 1848. Coinciding with the increased supply of labor from Asia was an increased demand for labor in the U.S. By the early 1800s, indentured servitude had largely disappeared, and the Act Prohibiting Importation of Slaves of 1807 ended the arrival of new slaves from Africa. In addition, the construction of the transcontinental railroad, which began in 1863, required a large but inexpensive labor force.
Differences from contract labor.
Thus, while indentured servitude of Europeans decreased, they were replaced by new emigrants from Asia. Nineteenth-century Chinese emigration to the U.S. consisted of two forms: the credit-ticket system and the contract labor system. During the 1850s, when contract labor was still legal, labor brokers in California imported workers with contracts of fixed duration. In February 1862, however, the federal government passed legislation against contract labor, specifically indentured coolie labor from China. Legislation in California, the Anti-Coolie Act, followed in April of that same year. The Chinese Six Companies, the primary labor brokers in San Francisco, admitted to using contract labor, but claimed that they had stopped by 1853. 
Consequently, Chinese emigrants arriving in California after 1862 under the credit-ticket system were not technically indentured, since they were not bound to their contract for a fixed number of years, but rather until they paid back their debt. Labor brokerage companies procured labor in China and advanced the cost of the voyage – about fifty dollars for the passage itself and twenty dollars for other expenses. Migrants repaid the debt in monthly installments, in addition to interest, after arriving in the U.S. Hence, in return for paying the initial seventy dollars, the brokers would receive about two hundred dollars from each emigrant. Unlike in indentured servitude, labor importers retained the costs of the debt themselves, and were not permitted to transfer labor contracts to employers.
Enforcement.
Since contract labor was illegal, labor brokers had to rely on extralegal means to enforce the migrants’ repayment of their debt. Steamship companies made agreements with labor brokers that they would prohibit migrants from returning to China unless they presented proof that they had repaid their debt in full. In addition, the foremen who were responsible for distributing wages would enforce debt contracts by withholding some of the workers’ pay. The withheld wages would then be used to pay back the brokers. In addition to these methods, historian Gunther Barth argues that labor import companies also utilized intimidation and violence against the migrants and their families back in China in order to enforce debt repayment.
Controversy.
There is considerable disagreement over the voluntary nature of the credit-ticket system. Although it differed from indentured servitude and contract labor, Barth and Sir W. Pember Reeves believe that it was still an involuntary form of emigration. Barth bases his argument around the assumption that coercion and physical violence were prevalent in the credit-ticket system. He calls the system a “thinly veiled slave trade.” However, David Galenson and Patricia Cloud present a different view in their analysis of Chinese immigration and contract labor in the late nineteenth century. They do not believe that there is enough evidence to back up Barth’s claims. Pointing to the lack of substantive documentation, they conclude that the assertions of previous historians have been exaggerated. They believe that, while the Chinese were not completely free agents, given that they were bound to debt contracts, the credit-ticket system was still largely voluntary.

</doc>
<doc id="31047309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047309" title="Gilruth Schoolhouse">
Gilruth Schoolhouse

Gilruth Schoolhouse was an historic building located on the north side of Davenport, Iowa, United States. The one-room school was built in 1871 by the Rev. James Gilruth, who was a Methodist minister, wrestler and axe thrower. In the school's early years the boys and girls were segregated by sitting on opposite sides of the school. One of their punishments was to sit on the other side of the building. The school closed in 1960 and the property was bought nine years later by the families of Roger Jepsen, John Platt and T.H. Deevers for historical preservation. The Kimberly Village Christian Reformed Church renovated the building in 1971 for use as a preschool. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. In 1991 the school building was torn down when its owner could not find a buyer for it and it was delisted from the National Register in 2009.
See also.
Other former school buildings in Scott County that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="31047311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047311" title="Ambulyx wildei">
Ambulyx wildei

Ambulyx wildei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea and Queensland.
The wingspan is about 110 mm. It is similar to "Ambulyx substrigilis" but the submarginal line of the forewing upperside is running closer to the margin. Females are deeper brown than males.

</doc>
<doc id="31047318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047318" title="Gramada Municipality">
Gramada Municipality

Gramada Municipality () is a small municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 8 km southwest of Danube river. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Gramada.
The municipality embraces a territory of 184 km² with a population of 2,384 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
The easternmost border of the area is linked by the main road E79 which connects the province centre of Vidin with the city of Montana and respectively with the western operating part of Hemus motorway.
Settlements.
Gramada Municipality includes the following 8 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="31047330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047330" title="Ambulyx zhejiangensis">
Ambulyx zhejiangensis

Ambulyx zhejiangensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from eastern China.

</doc>
<doc id="31047347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047347" title="Ambulyx wilemani">
Ambulyx wilemani

Ambulyx wilemani is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="31047360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047360" title="Stele II">
Stele II

Stele II is an abstract sculpture, constructed in 1973, by Ellsworth Kelly.
Located at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden, it reflects the artist's move to the countryside, and landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="31047379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047379" title="William Kendis">
William Kendis

William Kendis (May 27, 1916 – December 17, 1980) was an American actor. Kendis appeared in television series' including an appearance as murder victim Walter Prescott in the "Perry Mason" episode, "The Case of the Lame Canary." He also appeared on "The Twilight Zone", "Bewitched", "77 Sunset Strip", "Family Affair" and "The Flying Nun". He was born in New Hampshire and died in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="31047387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047387" title="Ron Barry">
Ron Barry

Ron Barry was a professional, Irish, jump jockey with a career spanning 1960 to 1980s, mainly riding in Great Britain. 
He won the Whitbread Gold Cup three times in 1971, 1973, and 1974. In 1969, he won the Scottish Grand National, the Massey Ferguson Gold Cup, and the Mackeson Gold Cup. He set a record of 125 race wins, was British jump racing Champion Jockey in the 1973 and 1974 seasons, and was stable jockey to Gordon W. Richards.
References.
Owen, Garry (2003) Where are they now?; Ron Barry. Scottish Daily Record. Retrieved 2011-03-02.
See also.
British jump racing Champion Jockey

</doc>
<doc id="31047389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047389" title="Ambulyx tondanoi">
Ambulyx tondanoi

Ambulyx tondanoi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.
The wingspan is about 47 mm. It is similar to "Ambulyx substrigilis". The ground colour of the forewing upperside is light yellowish-brown with darker markings. The forewing underside is bright yellow with a slight scattering of dark dots in the apical half and a prominent light brown circular patch. The hindwing upperside is similar to "Ambulyx substrigilis", but the ground colour is lighter and the marginal distal band is heavier. The hindwing underside is bright yellow with a slight scattering of dark dots in the apical half.

</doc>
<doc id="31047398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047398" title="Brent Parks Constabulary">
Brent Parks Constabulary


</doc>
<doc id="31047406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047406" title="Ambulyx tenimberi">
Ambulyx tenimberi

Ambulyx tenimberi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="31047417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31047417" title="1947 Aden riots">
1947 Aden riots

The 1947 Aden riots was one of the most violent attacks on Mizrahi Jewish communities in the Middle East in the modern times, resulting in at least 82 Jews murdered and a wide scale devastation of local Jewish community of Aden.
The riots also claimed the lives of 33 Arabs, 4 Muslim Indians and one Somali.
The riots were a significant embarrassment for the British government, particularly given that the British-raised Aden Protectorate Levies were blamed for causing many unnecessary deaths.
Background.
By the mid-20th century, Aden had a community of several thousand Jews. In the 1930s, there were rare, religiously motivated outbreaks of anti-Jewish violence and a relatively small riot in 1932. In the 1940s, visits of Palestinian Arabs to Aden and expressions of Anti-Jewish sentiments became common. Adenese educated Arab population had become exposed to Egyptian newspapers, as well as radio broadcasts of "Voice of the Arabs" from Cairo, which incited political awareness and prepared the grounds for the anti-Jewish massacre of November 1947 and later the 1967 expulsion of the British.
The riots.
Following November 29, 1947, vote by the UN on partition of Mandatory Palestine, wide scale protests took place across the Arab countries and communities, with Aden being no exception. On December 2nd, the Arabs of Aden proclaimed a comprehensive three-day solidarity strike. Shortly after their beginning, the protests in Aden erupted into a "shameful outbreak of violence" against the Jews. According to the British Governor of the Colony of Aden, Sir Reginald Champion, the rioting after 4 December was triggered by "alleged hostile Jewish activity and killing of an Indian Moslem doctor and a Levy almost certainly by a Jewish sniper of 4th December."
According to a contemporary news account, the rioting began on December 2, when an Arab crowd converged on the Jewish quarter in Aden's old town. Jewish shops were looted and burned. The rioting resumed the following day, and British army units from the Suez Canal Zone and navy forces were brought in to restore order. The Selim Girl's School in 1929 which was located next to King George V Jewish Boys School and was also gutted in the 1947 riots.
Overall 82 Jews were killed (including 6 unidentified bodies, assumed to be Jews) and 76 wounded. In Crater, 106 Jewish-owned shops were completely looted and 8 more were partially looted (out of total 170), while the only 2 Jewish schools were burnt and some 30 houses, while almost all private Jewish-owned cars were burnt. in Shaykh Uthman, 61 houses were damaged and looted, 12 more houses were burnt; 5 shops, 1 school and 1 synagogue, as well as Jewish-owned distillery were burnt as well.
A subsequent British commission of inquiry found that "trigger happy" firing by Aden Protectorate Levies had resulted in unnecessary casualties of 82 Jews and 38 Arabs. Sir Harry Trusted, who was sent to Aden as Commissioner to investigate the riots, recommended that British troops be permanently stationed there.

</doc>
