<doc id="31171870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171870" title="Operation Tomodachi">
Operation Tomodachi

Bases and commands.
Many if not most of the American military bases in Japan are involved in some manner in Operation Tomodachi.
Joint operations.
Col. Stephen Bissonnette, deputy commander of the 353rd SOG stated that "devastation caused by the earthquake is truly heartbreaking...As part of coordinated relief efforts, the group will work tirelessly with our Japanese counterparts and other relief organizations to help the people affected by the earthquake recover..." The US aid efforts are conducted under the direction of Japanese government or military authorities.
Navy.
The United States Navy quickly moved 10 naval vessels closer to Japan to provide aid. Aircraft from two VR (Navy Transport Squadron) units were already in theatre during the earthquake at NAF Atsugi. These aircraft a C-130, and a C-40 were ready at the exact moment of need. VR62's C-130 delivered 127 tons of material to aid in relief efforts, VR58's C-40 delivered 366,000 pounds of food and water as well as moving 1400 passengers. Fleet Logistics Support Wing Surged aircraft from eight more squadrons that also assisted (VR52, VR53, VR54, VR55, VR56, VR57, VR61, VR64). The aircraft carrier and its battle group were moved to the east coast of Honshu. As well as the group's own helicopters, the "Ronald Reagan" served as a refuelling platform for Japan Self-Defense Forces helicopters. C-2 Greyhound aircraft assigned to VRC-30 and attached to CVW-14 and CVW-5 ferried over 100 tons of food, water, blankets, clothing, and medical supplies from NAF Atsugi to USS Ronald Reagan for distribution by helicopter to local sites in Japan.
Yokota Air Base was used in the aftermath of the earthquake as a landing field for commercial flights as Tokyo Narita Airport was closed. The Navy helicopters based at Naval Air Facility Atsugi and elsewhere were made available for search and rescue immediately after the tsunami, including searching off-shore debris fields and later assisted with food drops. P-3 Orion aircraft were used to do damage surveys. Amphibious landing craft and utility landing craft (LCUs) were used to deploy U.S and Japanese troops and supplies to areas where docks were damaged. Japan electrical company trucks were also moved by U.S. LCUs from , notably to Oshima Island.
The destroyers and , which were off the Bōsō Peninsula at the time of the earthquake, and their helicopters were made available for search and rescue. The landing ships and , with the embarked 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit from Okinawa, were moved from the Sea of Japan to the east coast of Japan.
, which had just arrived in Singapore at the time of the earthquake, was loaded with relief supplies and prepared to sail for Japan.
, an amphibious dock ship embarked two MH-53E Heavy Lift Helicopters assigned to HM-14 DET 1 stationed in Pohang South Korea. The entire Det was on board "Tortuga" less than 18 hours after the earthquake and tsunami hit. "Tortuga" transported 800 Japanese civil defense workers from the island of Hokkaido to Honshu with 90 vehicles.
Military Sealift Command ships also took part in the operation by transferring relief supplies and fuel to other supporting ships. The ships that took part in the operation were: USNS Carl Brashear (T-AKE 7), USNS Pecos (T-AO 197),USNS Rappahannock (T-AO 204), USNS Matthew Perry (T-AKE 9), USNS Bridge (T-AOE 10)
, which was stationed at U.S. Fleet Activities Sasebo, arrived at Hachinohe, Japan with Explosive Ordnance Disposal Mobile Unit 5 and Underwater Construction Team 2 to clear wreckage from a local commercial channel.
During the operation the 7th Fleet flew 160 search and relief sorties for 1,100 flight hours, delivered 260 tons of relief supplies, and helped clear the ports of Hachinohe, Aomori, Miyako, Iwate, and Kesennuma, Miyagi.
In total 130 aircraft, 12,510 personnel and over 16 American naval ships took part in Operation Tomodachi, including USS "Ronald Reagan" (CVN-76), USS "Chancellorsville" (CG-62), USS "Cowpens" (CG-63), USS "Shiloh" (CG-67), USS "John S. McCain" (DDG-56), USS "Fitzgerald" (DDG-62), USS "McCampbell" (DDG-85), USS "Preble" (DDG-88), USS "Mustin" (DDG-89), USS "Germantown" (LSD-42), USS "Tortuga" (LSD-46), USS "Harpers Ferry" (LSD-49), USS "Essex" (LHD-2), USS "Blue Ridge" (LCC-19), USNS "Safeguard" (T-ARS-50).
Radiologic incidents.
The US Navy dispatched aircraft carrier USS "Ronald Reagan" and other vessels which flew a series of helicopter operations. A spokesman for U.S. 7th Fleet naval personnel stated that monitoring equipment indicated that the warship had been exposed to radiation. Separate hand-held equipment also picked up the contamination on 17 crew members, who had participated in rescue operations. Commander Jeff Davis said that the exposure was low enough that after the crew washed with soap and water, follow-up tests were negative. Davis characterized the exposure as comparable to routine civilian activities and reiterated the US Navy's commitment to the relief operation. As a precaution, the aircraft carrier was repositioned farther offshore, away from the downwind direction of the plant and decontaminated. Several helicopters were also decontaminated after returning from flights. One helicopter made a landing at Fukushima Airport after experiencing rotor icing and exposed some Australian and New Zealand search and rescue team members to low levels of radiation.
Radiation precautions were taken at U.S. bases, including USS "George Washington" leaving port at Yokosuka after very low levels of radiation were detected there. Part of its air complement moved to Misawa Air Base to support relief operations.
Three years after the accident, servicemen and women who were part of the operation have reported a variety of radiation-related disorders, including cancers, thyroid disease, uterine bleeding and other ailments. 51 crew members have filed a lawsuit against the Tokyo Electric Power Company, which owns the Fukushima Daiichi power plant. (Under US law, military personnel are not permitted to sue the armed forces for damages.)
Marine Corps.
United States Marine Corps facilities in Japan escaped major damage, with no reported casualties. This intact infrastructure allowed Marines from III Marine Expeditionary Force and Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler to mobilize aid quickly.
Marines based at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma moved command and control teams and systems to NAF Atsugi. Eight KC-130Js from VMGR-152 and eight CH-46E and four CH-53 Super Stallions transport helicopters from HMM-265, all from MCAS Futenma, were made available to transport rescue teams and equipment, as well as provide search and rescue.
The 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit responded to Northern Japan from Malaysia and Indonesia, where the unit was conducting Theater Security Cooperation exercises. The 31st MEU delivered relief supplies to five cities, one island and one Japanese ship. More than 164,000 pounds of food and relief supplies were delivered, along with thousands of gallons of water. Elements of the 31st MEU, including Combat Logistics Battalion 31, 2nd Battalion 5th Marines went ashore on Oshima Island to deliver critical supplies and assist in debris removal.
MV "Westpac Express", a civil-registered fast ferry chartered by the Marine Corps, was made available to transport equipment from Okinawa to Honshu. Westpac Express made two sorties in support of Operation Tomodachi. The ship moved 450 tons of cargo, including 7-ton trucks, fuel tankers, generators and water tanks from Okinawa to Iwakuni, Japan, arriving 15 March. On 20 March, Westpac Express loaded 226 pallets of bottled water at Pohang, ROK, off-loading at Iwakuni the next day.
Air Force.
A United States Air Force KC-135 Stratotanker arrived at Misawa Air Base on 14 March with the first batch of relief workers and 50 civil engineers from Kadena Air Base.
Two C-17A Globemaster cargo aircraft from Joint Base Lewis-McChord were made available to transport rescue teams and equipment. A Global Hawk unmanned aerial vehicle was deployed from Guam for damage assessments.
Air base.
Yokota Air Base is the hub for air operations from which cleanup crews were dispatched to clean up Sendai airport. At a Town Hall meeting, the Commander of the 374th Air Wing USAF presented an overview of joint forces operations in support of the Japanese and emphasized teamwork between various players. He stated that "we are very blessed" to be in the nation of Japan because it has a highly sophisticated set of technologies to minimize the damage but that the personnel, logistic and financing problems were formidable.
He repeatedly asserted that the situation is "eminently controllable" in part due to highly experienced personnel available for various contingencies. US military personnel stationed at the Air Base expressed interest in making cash donations – in dollars or yen – to the American Red Cross and other organizations working in the Japanese relief effort.
Cub Scouts.
Cub Scout Pack 49 of Yokota Air Base has a brotherhood with a local Japanese pack called Kiyose. The boys of Kiyose have asked Pack 49 to gather donations to help out the children impacted by the tsunami, needing simple school supplies, pencils, rulers, scissors etc.
Army.
Several Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters from the U.S. Army Japan Aviation Detachment have been made available for relief efforts. A disaster assessment team from I Corps (United States) Forward departed Camp Zama and arrived in northeastern Japan on 14 March to assist in relief and humanitarian operations as well as set up a forward logistics base for supplies. A 59-member logistics team from Sagamihara General Depot helped reopen Sendai Airport.
Operation Pacific Passage.
Over 7,000 family members of U.S. service members in Japan were voluntarily evacuated in March to Seattle Tacoma Airport and Travis Air Force Base in the U.S. during Operation Pacific Passage. Concerns over the uncertainty of the radiation situation and reducing the burden of supporting families while conducting relief operations and the related troop movements lead to the relocation program.
Interagency collaboration.
With Yokota Air Base available, US Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance sent Urban Search and Rescue California Task Force 2 and Virginia Task Force 1. Two urban search and rescue teams arrived at the pending merger with a 60 member/two-dog team from the UK.
On 3/16, a RAAF C-17 Globemaster III landed on Kadena's flight line. USAF personnel assisted Royal Australian Air Force and Japan Ground Self Defense Force to load supplies and fly to mainland Japan.
Timeline.
11 March 2011.
USS Tortuga conducts an emergency recall of all personnel onboard and is underway at 19:00 en route Pohang, South Korea to on load MH-53E helicopters from HM-14 Detachment 1.
12 March 2011.
Four Marine KC-130J Aircraft from VMGR-152 deployed from MCAS Futenma to the Japanese Mainland to support relief operations. About a hundred airmen and three MC-130P Combat Shadows, with 19 maintenance personnel, from the 353rd Special Operations Group deployed on 12 March, one day after the earthquake. Col. Stephen Bissonnette, deputy commander of the 353rd SOG stated that "devastation caused by the earthquake is truly heartbreaking...As part of coordinated relief efforts, the group will work tirelessly with our Japanese counterparts and other relief organizations to help the people affected by the earthquake recover..."
13 March 2011.
Four additional Marine KC-130J aircraft from VMGR-152 deployed from MCAS Futenma along with nearly 80 maintainers, effectively relocating the squadron to the Japanese Mainland. Eight Marine CH-46E helicopters from HMM-265 deployed to NAS Atsugi to begin relief operations. A USAF KC-135 Stratotanker arrived at Misawa Air Base on Sunday with the first batch of relief workers and 50 civil engineers from Kadena Air Base.
Two US urban search and rescue teams arrived from Fairfax County, Virginia and Los Angeles County, California with a total of 140 rescuers and 14 rescue dogs. The teams merged with a 63 member search and rescue team from the UK. The combined US-UK operation deployed to the town of Sumita, Iwate to set up a base of operations. The teams performed daily search and rescue missions in the cities of Ofunato and Kamaishi for five days until departing for home.
Members of the U.S. Navy Reserve Detachment 105 were joined by six members of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) Liaison (LNO) and Consequence Management Advisory Team (CMAT). These two elements formed the initial core of the United States Forces Japan (USFJ) Radiological Consequence Management Team (RCMT) whose mission was to advise Lieutenant General Burton Field Commander USFJ on matters related to the nuclear fuel cycle, potential hazards, and potential mitigation of a radiological incident. DTRA Liaison and CMAT personnel were among the first U.S. personnel to visit the TEPCO response site (J-Village) located a few kilometers from the Fukushima Diachi reactor. DTRA personnel also established relationships with TEPCO engineering and management deconflicting information for the U.S. Ambassador and United States Forces Japan Commander.
HM-14 DET 1 rapidly deploys to assist in relief efforts on board USS "Tortuga". The 18th Civil Engineer Squadron also arrived at Misawa Air Base for Operation Tomodachi.
14 March 2011.
The Yokota Town Hall Meeting was conducted in which personnel and their families were reassured that the problems, though formidable, were manageable given the highly qualified Japanese, US, and international personnel on the scene. There was an assurance that there would be daily monitoring of radiation levels. Many of the service men and women expressed interest in making financial contributions through the Red Cross. The USS "George Washington" was docked for maintenance in Yokosuka, about 175 miles (280 kilometers) from the plant, when instruments detected the radiation at 7 am Tuesday (6 p.m. ET Monday).
16 March 2011.
Rear Admiral Wren, the Commander, US Naval Forces Japan, sent out a letter advising personnel to limit outdoor activity at Fleet Activities Yokosuka and Naval Air Facility Atsugi due to newly developing, low level radiation.
17 March 2011.
The Pentagon said Thursday that it was sending more specialized aircraft to evaluate nuclear contamination at and around the Fukushima site, including a WC-135, "Constant Phoenix" from Offutt Air Force Base to take air samples, which aircraft had formerly been used as a sniffer with regard to North Korean nuclear weapons testing.
Carrier Air Wing-5 was relocated from NAF Atsugi to Andersen Air Force Base in Guam temporarily, what the Navy calls a "force posture adjustment" for Operation Tomodachi. The air wing's SH-60 helicopters from HS-14 and HSL-51 and C-2 Greyhound from Fleet Logistics Support Squadron 30 Det. 5 remained behind in support of the operation. As a precaution, the navy has also stopped moving its personnel to Japan as well.
According to NPR, unmanned Global Hawk drones and old U-2 were also deployed and along with a planning team from the U.S. Northern Command in Colorado.
23 March 2011.
Navy officials halted air operations from USS "Ronald Reagan" temporarily on Wednesday so they could decontaminate the ship from the radiation the ship received. While the radiation did not pose any significant health risk, "it needed to go away," Cmdr. Ron Rutan, chief engineer for the "Reagan".
25 March 2011.
Mississippi and Alabama National Guard forces joined those from Kentucky and Guam to assist with Operation Tomodachi.
500,000 gallons of fresh water has been provided from the US Navy to support cooling efforts at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.
1 May 2011.
US troops will begin to withdraw from the Tohoku coastline and return to their bases, and the US-Japan Joint Cooperation Center in Sendai has closed down. While it will continue to airlift personnel and supplies as needed, the work on the ground will be handed over to the Japanese Self-Defence Forces.
4 May 2011.
Marines from the Consequence Management Support Force return to Okinawa from mainland Japan 4 May, representing the departure of the last major element of the III Marine Expeditionary Force deployed to mainland in support of Operation Tomodachi.
4 September 2012.
United States Department of Defense releases location-based radiation dose estimates for U.S. personnel involved in Operation Tomodachi on the Environmental Health Surveillance Registries website.
Clean-up efforts.
US troops assisted Japanese government workers in cleaning up debris and rubble left by the tsunami.
Effect on Japan–US relations.
The disaster may have also brought a diplomatic opening to Japan. The support provided by the US illustrated the value of the relationship between the two countries. It was commented that the level of support provided by the US for relief operations will probably assuage tension over base relocation disputes between the governments of the two nations. The "Yomiuri Shimbun" reported that the "coordinated relief activities at the disaster sites are expected to deepen the Japan-U.S. alliance."
On 4 April 2011, Japan's minister of defense, Toshimi Kitazawa, accompanied by US ambassador to Japan John Roos, visited the "Ronald Reagan" to thank its crew for its assistance as part of Operation Tomodachi. Said Kitazawa, "I have never been more encouraged by and proud of the fact that the United States is our ally."
On 10 April 2011, Japan's Prime Minister, Naoto Kan, visited Camp Sendai to talk to U.S. service members. The prime minister spoke of the immediate response of the U.S. military and expressed his belief that the joint efforts between the U.S. military, and the JGSDF will only strengthen the bonds between the Japanese people and the United States.
A nationwide survey conducted in Japan from September to October 2011 found that an all-time high of 82 percent felt friendly feelings towards the US. Japan's Foreign Ministry attributed the number to the effects of Operation Tomodachi.

</doc>
<doc id="31171871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171871" title="João Paulo da Silva Araújo">
João Paulo da Silva Araújo

João Paulo da Silva Araújo or simply João Paulo (born 2 June 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as forward for Daejeon Citizen in the K-League.
On 20 February 2011, João Paulo joined South Korean K-League side Gwangju FC on loan from ABC, but signed a permanent deal five months later in July.
Following Daejeon Citizens relegation to the K League Challenge, he joined Incheon United in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31171881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171881" title="Stories to Caution the World">
Stories to Caution the World

Jingshi Tongyan (警世通言 "Stories to Caution the World") is the second of a trilogy of widely celebrated Ming dynasty (1368–1644) vernacular story collections, compiled and edited by Feng Menglong and published in 1624. The first compilation, called "Gujin Xiaoshuo" (古今小説) ("Stories Old and New"), which is sometimes also referred to as "Yushi Mingyan" (喻世明言) ("Stories to Enlighten the World" or "Illustrious Words to Instruct the World") was published in Suzhou in 1620. The third publication was called "Xingshi hengyan" (醒世恒言) ("Stories to Awaken the World"), and was published in 1627.
These three collections, often referred to as "Sanyan" (三言, "Three Words") because of the character "yan" (言) found at the end of each title, each contain 40 stories.
Genre.
"Jingshi Tonyan" is considered to be a huaben (话本), that is, short novel or novella. The huaben genre has been around since the Song dynasty (960-1279). The huaben genre includes collections of short stories, like "Jingshi Tongyan", historical stories, and even stories from Confucian classics.
Format.
The format of Jingshi Tongyan follows the rest of the Sanyan, in that it contains 40 chapters, with each chapter being a different short story. Ling Mengchu, under the direct influence of Sanyan, wrote 2 more collections under the same format, known as Erpai (二拍). Together, sanyan and erpai is one of the greatest ancient Chinese vernacular literatures.
Versions.
There are two surviving original versions of Jingshi Tongyan, one located in Japan, belonging to Waseda University, and one in Taiwan, located in the National Library in Taipei. Because this collection was banned by the Chinese government at some point, almost all of the original copies were burned. By the early 20th century, when the Republic of China emerged, this collection was already lost. It was not until a scholar from China visiting Japan in the 1930s discovered an original copy of the collection did Jingshi Tongyan becomes popular again. The scholar had taken pictures of each page of the book and brought back to China, where it was republished again.
Translations.
Shuhui Yang and Yunqin Yang. "Stories to Caution the World: A Ming Dynasty Collection" (Seattle: University of Washington Press, 2005; ISBN 0295985526) Google Books translates the entire 40 stories.
These are the translated chapter or story titles:
Popularity.
Jingshi Tongyan proved to be popular in China after its republication. Many of the stories from the collection were used as the basis of Chinese Opera in the 60s before the Chinese Cultural Revolution. Jingshi Tongyan also proved to be popular in Japan as well, where stories were taken and transformed into Japanese tales by changing the setting to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="31171906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171906" title="United Kingdom aircraft registration">
United Kingdom aircraft registration

United Kingdom aircraft registration is a register and means of identification for British owned and operated commercial and private aircraft, they are identified by registration letters starting with the prefix G-.
Registration.
An aircraft registration is a unique alphanumeric string that identifies a civil aircraft, in similar fashion to a licence plate on a vehicle. The letter Q has not been used since the issue of G-EBTQ in 1927 (although a few historic aircraft still maintain registrations with this letter), and the CAA also disallows combinations that may be offensive. In accordance with the Convention on International Civil Aviation all aircraft must be registered with a national aviation authority and they must carry proof of this registration in the form of a legal document called a Certificate of Registration at all times when in operation.
The register is maintained by the United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority.
Temporary register 1919.
Although aircraft had been flown in the United Kingdom since 1908 they were not registered and were not required to carry any external markings. The principle of registering and externally marking aircraft had been agreed upon in 1910 at an international convention in Paris and a draft Air Navigation Order had been prepared in 1911, but was not put into force before the First World War.
With the end of the First World War the Air Navigation Regulations came into force on 20 April 1919, allowing civil flying to commence on 1 May 1919. The regulation stated that all aircraft must carry registration marks and any passenger-carrying aircraft must have a certificate of airworthiness. The International Air Navigation Conference in Paris had not concluded, so a temporary system was started; former military aircraft would retain military serials and any new or re-built aircraft would be registered in a sequence starting with K-100. The first civil flight under the new regulations took place on 1 May 1919 when a de Havilland DH.9 of Aircraft Transport and Travel flew from Hounslow to Bournemouth using former military serial "C6054" as an identity. The "K series" registrations allocated were in the range K-100 to K-175, with K-169 being the highest known to have been used.
First permanent register 1919-1929.
The Paris International Conference had allocated the British Empire the prefix "G" followed by four other letters. The United Kingdom decided to use the "G-Exxx" sequence for heavier-than-air aircraft (for example G-EAAA) and "G-Fxxx" for lighter-than-air aircraft. The new register came into force on 22 July 1919; aircraft flying on temporary former military serials and those alloted in the K-100 sequence were all re-registered sequentially from G-EAAA. 
Second permanent register 1928-.
At the 1927 International Radio-Telegraph Conference the United Kingdom was allocated radio callsign prefixes B, G, M, VP, VQ and VR. Within this new allocation the United Kingdom continued to use the prefix G- for all aircraft but the sequence was restarted at G-AAAA, which continued into the 21st century. The first registration in the sequence, G-AAAA, was allocated to a de Havilland Gipsy Moth, registered on 30 July 1928 to Geoffrey de Havilland. At first the registrations were issued in sequential alphabetical order but since the 1970s any four-letter combination is used. Countries in the British Empire that had used the G- prefix were allocated new two-letter allocations.
The oldest flyable aircraft in the world as of 2011, a Humber-built Bleriot XI from 1909 owned by the Shuttleworth Collection in the UK, still uses the very early form registration "G-AANG".
Microlights.
From 1981 most microlights were registered in the G-MBAA/MZZZ sequence but when that had been exhausted in 1998 microlights were registered with any unused suffix.
Gliders.
In 1937 the sequence G-GAAA to G-GAAE was used for five gliders to operate in an international competition in Germany.
To comply with the regulations of the European Aviation Safety Agency, all gliders have had to be registered and marked externally in the G-xxxx sequence since 2008, except for a small group of specified vintage types known by the name of the EASA document, Annex 2.
From 1930 to 2008, existing gliders did not need to be registered in the G- sequence but were recorded on a separate register held by the British Gliding Association. (Newly built gliders from 2003 were G- registered immediately.) The BGA register started in numerical sequence with BGA.101. Although gliders were always marked externally by the BGA numbers, these registrations were usually displayed in very small characters. Later the BGA also issued a three-letter code (called a trigraph) in sequence with the BGA number and this started with the lowest numbered glider still extant, BGA231 an Abbott-Baynes Scud II, being "AAA". When the majority of British gliders were registered in 2008, the G- registration often was derived from the trigraph letters preceded by G-C- or G-D-, though there were many personalised registrations issued which did not follow this pattern. 
In addition to the registration many gliders still show a large trigraph or competition number on the fin and on the underside of a wing. The 'comp' numbers are also issued by the BGA. These consisted of three-digit numbers at first but later could be any three alpha-numeric characters. The comp number or the trigraph is usually the most visible marking on a British glider.
Hovercraft.
Air cushion vehicles were allocated registrations with the prefix 'GH-', e.g., GH-2012, the BHC SR.N6 that carried out the first hovercraft expedition up the Amazon, and the Mountbatten-class SR.N4's GH-2006 "Princess Margaret" and GH-2004 "Swift".
Toy balloons.
From 1982 the sequence G-FYAA to G-FYNA was used for unmanned toy balloons.
Concorde.
A special sequence was allocated for Concorde aircraft to allow the use of the aircraft on internal services in the United States by the former US-based airline, Braniff International Airways. For example the former G-BOAC was re-registered as G-N81AC so on arrival at Washington-Dulles, the "G" could be covered up and the United States registration N81AC could be used for internal flights.

</doc>
<doc id="31171908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171908" title="Joe Murray (baseball)">
Joe Murray (baseball)

Joseph Ambrose Murray (November 11, 1920 – October 19, 2001) was a pitcher who played in Major League Baseball during the season. Listed at 6' 0", 165 lb., Murray batted and threw left-handed. He was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. 
At age 29, it had been a long journey to the major leagues for Joe Murray. The southpaw hurler debuted in 1940 with Class-D Easton, an Eastern Shore League affiliate team of the New York Yankees. He would spend his next three seasons with three different clubs, compiling a 35–25 record and a 3.70 earned run average in four full seasons, but his baseball career was interrupted in 1943 after he entered service in the United States Navy during World War II.
Following his discharge in 1946, Murray was part of successive transactions between the Yankees, Washington Senators and Philadelphia Athletics organizations. In 1947, he led the Class-B Colonial League with a 2.34 ERA while going 12–7 in 22 pitching appearances. His most productive season came in 1950, when he posted a 20–14 record with a 2.94 ERA and was selected for the Florida International League All-Star team.
Finally, Murray had his chance to play in the major leagues when he joined the last-place Athletics on August 17, 1950. He lost all three of his decisions in eight games (two starts), allowing 20 runs (19 earned) on 34 hits and 21 walks while striking out eight batters. He registered a 5.70 ERA in 30 innings of work. 
After his brief stint with the Athletics, Murray returned to the minors and pitched from 1951 through 1953. In an eleven-season career, he finished with a 111–113 mark and a 3.87 ERA in 344 games. He later managed the Wytheville Statesmen of the Appalachian League in 1954.
When his baseball career ended, Murray went to work for Union Carbide and later worked as a construction company roofing contractor. He was a long-time resident of San Clemente, California, where he died at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="31171927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171927" title="Rangau Railway">
Rangau Railway

The Rangau Railway () is the railway line from Fürth via Zirndorf to Cadolzburg. In the local dialect it used to be known as the "Cadolzburger Moggerla" ("Moggerla" is Franconian for "calf").

</doc>
<doc id="31171942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171942" title="Lorna Doone (1951 film)">
Lorna Doone (1951 film)

Lorna Doone is a 1951 American drama film directed by Phil Karlson for Columbia Pictures and starring Barbara Hale, Richard Greene and Carl Benton Reid. It is an adaptation of the novel "Lorna Doone" by R.D. Blackmore, set in the English West Country during the 17th century.
Plot.
Lorna Doone falls for John Ridd, but is betrothed (against her will) to one Carver Doone. As the English Civil War looms, John is determined to defeat the vicious Doone family and win Laura over.
Production.
Edward Small first announced plans to film the novel in 1944 and hired George Bruce to write a screenplay in 1946. He sent representatives to England to scout locations that yearand there was talk of a co-production with J Arthur Rank starring Louis Hayward with filming in Scotland. Charles Bennett and Leonore Coffee also worked on the early drafts of the script.) 
In 1948 Alfred Hitchcock announced plans to film the novel for Transatlantic Pictures. Small claimed he had registered the title in the US; Hitchcock could film the story but would not be able to call it "Lorna Doone" in the US. This prompted Small to announce he would start filming in England in association with Rank and producer John Beck on 1 March 1949. This was postponed due to the US-English film trade war of 1948-19 and in August 1949 filming was put back indefinitely.
The project was reactivated later in 1949 when Small signed a two picture deal with Columbia Pictures, for "Lorna Doone" and "The Brigand".
It was decided instead to make the movie in Hollywood, with locations shot at Yosemite National Park. Richard Greene and Barbara Hale were cast in the leads and Jesse Lasky Jr did the final draft of the script.
The final script was heavily influenced by Westerns.
Reception.
Reviews were mixed.

</doc>
<doc id="31171946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171946" title="Kiki Tay">
Kiki Tay

Tay Jun Kiat Kiki (, born December 14, 1981) known professionally as Kiki Tay, is a Chinese Singaporean magician, comedian, performing arts director and entrepreneur. Kiki is currently the owner of Kiki Tay Productions. 
Kiki is the magic and special effects consultant for numerous television and theater productions. He has co-directed mass display segments for the 2009 Asian Youth Games Opening Ceremony, the 2010 Singapore National Day Parade as well as the ASEAN School Games Opening Ceremony. His recent television work, MediaCorp’s "The Illusionist" 魔幻视界 was one of the highest rated drama series on MediaCorp Channel U. 
Kiki also regularly stars as "Li", the lead role in the $30 million production Songs of the Sea at Sentosa, Singapore. 
In 2007, Kiki was nominated in the Singapore "Spirit of Enterprise Award" for his entrepreneurial spirit.
Early career.
Kiki's passion for magic began while in school. While working as a part-time supervisor in a fast food restaurant, Kiki would spend most of his income on magic props and books, building his stage repertoires and working on his career at a very young age. In his early years, Kiki performed for his school functions and charity shows. 
Kiki began his career as a professional magician in 1995 after he was discovered by Vivien Goh, owner of the Zephyhdom talent management company. Kiki worked in the company for five years as a magician, clown, balloon artist and juggler entertaining audiences at birthday parties and corporate events before he moved his focus on directing and consultation work. Kiki still performs professionally for corporate events. Kiki served in the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) Music & Drama Company where he received training in music, speech, drama, dance and acting. In his two years service in the company, Kiki received the title “Best Actor” in the outstanding artist award.

</doc>
<doc id="31171958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171958" title="Sam McConnell (third baseman)">
Sam McConnell (third baseman)

Samuel Faulkner McConnell (June 8, 1895 – June 27, 1981) was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Athletics during the 1915 season, primarily as a third baseman.

</doc>
<doc id="31171962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171962" title="C. K. Raut">
C. K. Raut

Dr. C. K. Raut (full: Chandra Kant Raut, ) is former US-based computer scientist, author and social activist. Born in Nepal, he holds a PhD from Cambridge University. He is leading the Alliance for Independent Madhesh (AIM), advocating for independent Madhesh through peaceful and nonviolent means. He is also the founder of the Injot Movement, a social transformation 
initiative targeted at Nepal, Bangladesh and Ethiopia.
Early life.
Dr. Raut was born in Mahadeva Village, in the Saptari district of Nepal. He attended primary school in his home village, and secondary school in nearby Katti Village. He went on to study at Tribhuvan University (Nepal), Tokyo University (Japan) and Cambridge University (UK).
Professional career.
Dr. Raut is the central coordinator of the Alliance for Independent Madhesh (AIM). In the past, he served as a scientist for the US based company Raytheon BBN technologies. 
Political Movement.
After resigning from the Raytheon he returned home to work for the upliftment of the Madheshi community. He is working to gather international recognition for long standing issues of Madhesh and Madheshis.

</doc>
<doc id="31171964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171964" title="International Guide Academy">
International Guide Academy

The International Guide Academy, Inc. (IGA) is recognized by the International Association of Tour Managers (London), the World Tourism Organization (Madrid), and the National Tour Association (Lexington, Kentucky, USA) and The Green Guide Alliance. The Academy has been written about in various newspapers throughout the world, recognized on the Job Monkey and Cruise Job Finders web sites as having an excellent training and free lifetime placement assistance program and was listed by Frommers as one of the "Top 100 addresses to have in the Tourism industry." This company is also approved and regulated by the Colorado Division of Private Occupational Schools, Department of Higher Education. 
This company was started in 1973 and its current president is Daniel Slater, President, who has 25 years' experience in international tourism, business, and education. In addition to Tour Manager, Tour Guide and motorcoach driver experience, he has owned and operated a tour company and a motorcoach company. His intimate knowledge of what makes a tour successful allows him to train graduates who are tour ready and able to handle every aspect of the job.
Frank M. Slater, Ph.D, is the CEO, and he has 50 years' experience in international tourism, corporate business travel and education. He has successfully trained International Tour Managers and Tour Guides worldwide, and his personal commitments and achievements have been recognized by leading authorities and companies throughout the world.
Company Background.
The International Guide Academy, Inc. of Denver, Colorado, USA is worldwide recognized international training center specializing in training and certifying professional International Tour Managers and Tour Guides. The program was started in 1973 in Australia, and then the programs were conducted in Hong Kong and later in London. The company has been in the USA since 1988 and in 2007 expanded to holding courses in Mexico. In 2009 they began conducting a program while at sea aboard one of the NCL ships. Now IGA continues its program availability, with courses throughout the USA (Denver, Chicago, Ft. Lauderdale, New England); Ottawa, Canada; Cuernavaca, Mexico, and aboard various NCL cruise ships (NCL Dawn for 2014). 
The Academy instructors are all certified (CITM and/or CTG) in their respective fields and bring over 400 years of travel industry experience to the classroom. All of the instructors are International Guide Academy graduates and are currently employed as Tour Managers and/or Tour Guides, many owning their own companies. All have international experience. Most of the instructors have a Master's Degree or higher.
The concept of training and certification as an International Tour Manager or Tour Guide has been in place in many other parts of the world, for example: Israel, Italy, China, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica, etc. There are a number of cities in the USA requiring certification/license for Tour Guides, such as: New York City, Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., Charlotte, Savannah, Raleigh, New Orleans, and others.
What I like about this company, where I earned my certifications as a Tour Manager and a Tour Guide, is that after you earn your certification you receive "free lifetime placement assistance".
There are two different courses and that is because the current hospitality industry standards, the professions of Tour Manager (Tour Director) and Tour Guide require different training, knowledge and certifications. IGA has been doing this for close to 40 years.
International tour manager/director course.
This course is intended for you if you are seeking certification as a Tour Manager or Tour Director. People working as Tour Managers within the USA or other countries travel from city to city, state to state, country to country, with responsibilities for the smooth flow of a multi-day tour. Assignments can include motorcoach travel, cruise ship travel and trains. When I took this program I learned about Travel Industry Terminology, a look behind the scenes as to how tours are put together and marketed by Tour Operators, Industry Trends, Profile of a Tour Manager/Director and your Pre-tour Departure Preparations. After this foundation your program covers Public Speaking, Airline and Airport Procedures, Baggage Handling and Control, Client Welcome preparation, content and delivery, Hotel Arrivals and Departures, Motorcoach Commentary, Cultural Practices, How to Research, Leisure Days on Tour, City Tours (working with the local Tour Guide or doing it yourself), Motorcoach Travel, Destination Itinerary Planning, Discussion with a Motorcoach Driver and Teamwork, Optional Excursions (what they are, how to present them, operate them and money handling), when available a Tour Operator speaks with the class, Group Psychology, Passenger Emergencies, Industry Networking, preparing your resume, telephone interview techniques as well as Hiring Companies and their practices are identified. All graduates receive a book specially prepared for that specific class which covers Getting Hired, over 140 specific Tour Operators that are looking to hire IGA graduates plus Cruise Lines contact information. Throughout the program, the participants are video recorded with copies to each student, role playing, actual motorcoach travel is included and more. With IGA you learn by doing.
I also took the TOUR GUIDE CERTIFICATION COURSE and this course is intended for you if you want to work as a local Tour Guide. Tour Guides are knowledgeable within a specific locality such as a city, region, state or a specific geographic area. They provide walking tours, step-on guide service, local driver guide, on-site tours and may work special events, "meet and greets", etc. They are rarely away from home overnight. This course used to be conducted over a 4 week period in the evenings but now since 2010 it is held during the day and over a 5 day period.
Their web site clearly offers referrals, industry recommendations and a clear description of what a Tour Director and a Tour Guide are.
A Tour Manager is also called a Tour Director and in some parts of the world an Escort or Courier. Tour Operators hire Tour Managers (or Tour Directors) whose responsibilities are varied and comprehensive. Tour Managers travel with the group that has been organized by the Tour Operator. They stay at the same hotels, eat the same meals, go on the optional excursions, etc. They are responsible for the daily activities and to insure that what the passengers have paid for happens in a manner that is acceptable to the passengers and that the passengers have the "vacation of a lifetime." The International Tour Manager program covers both domestic and international tours. If you want to be a Tour Manager, whether working in the USA or other countries, that is the course to take. This is what 90% of our students take.
A Tour Guide provides local expertise and does walking tours, step-on motorcoach narration in their city, meets and greets at an airport, work at seminars and conventions, etc. They are hired by Destination Management Companies. Another way of looking at it is that Tour Guides are rarely away from home at night while Tour Managers travel with the groups and are away from home. 
Tour Operators, Cruise Lines, Motor Coach companies, and Meeting Planning Companies hire the IGA Certified International Tour Managers. Destination Management Companies, Visitors Bureaus, Tour Guiding Companies, Event Planners, and Hotels hire the IGA Certified Tour Guides.

</doc>
<doc id="31171969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171969" title="Ministry of Labor, Social Affairs, and Equal Opportunities (Albania)">
Ministry of Labor, Social Affairs, and Equal Opportunities (Albania)

The Ministry of Labor, Social Affairs, and Equal Opportunities () is part of the Albanian government responsible for covering the problems of Labor, Social Affairs and Equal Opportunities. The current minister is Spiro Ksera of the Democratic Party of Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="31171976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171976" title="Ban Dong">
Ban Dong

Ban Dong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31171992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171992" title="Albert Batzill">
Albert Batzill

Albert Batzill (born 14 December 1952) is a German sailor. He competed in the "Flying Dutchman Class" at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics. Batzill is also a four-time world champion in this class.

</doc>
<doc id="31171995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31171995" title="Triplemanía XIX">
Triplemanía XIX

Triplemanía XIX was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) promotion, which took place on June 18, 2011 at the "Palacio de los Deportes" ("Sports Palace") in Mexico City, Mexico. The event was the nineteenth annual "Triplemanía", which is AAA's biggest show of the year. The event featured performers from American promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) for the second year in a row. The event featured eight matches and was headlined by the culmination of the seven–month storyline rivalry between L.A. Park and El Mesías in a "máscara contra cabellera" match, where Park put his mask and El Mesías his hair on the line. It also featured the crownings of the first ever AAA Latin American and AAA World Trios Champions. At the event, Octagón, who has been a part of AAA since the promotion was founded in 1992, became the fifth inductee into the AAA Hall of Fame.
Background.
The event featured eight professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers portray either villains (referred to as "rudos" in Mexico) or fan favorites ("technicos" in Mexico) as they follow a series of tension-building events, which culminate in a wrestling match or series of matches.
The year between Triplemanía XVIII and Triplemanía XIX consisted of the ongoing storyline war between the "technicos" representing the promotion itself and the "rudos" of the stable "La Sociedad" ("The Society"), which was formed in the summer of 2010, when "La Legión Extranjera" ("The Foreign Legion") formed an alliance with "Los Perros del Mal" ("The Evil Dogs"), "Los Maniacos" ("The Maniacs") and "La Milicia" ("The Militia"). The AAA side, often called "Legado AAA" ("The AAA Legacy") or "Ejército AAA" ("The AAA Army"), was led by the promotion's president Joaquín Roldán, while his son Dorian Roldán was in charge of "La Sociedad" along with Konnan, the leader of "La Legión Extranjera". In October 2010, Cibernético left "Legado AAA", after feeling betrayed by his friends and re–formed his old group "Los Bizarros" as a third outside group, which was neither part of AAA nor "La Sociedad".
On November 22, 2010, "La Sociedad" member L.A. Park returned to AAA, after spending several weeks wrestling in the United States, to find out that the group's leader Konnan had chosen his longtime "La Legión Extranjera" stablemate El Zorro as the next challenger for Dr. Wagner, Jr.'s AAA World Heavyweight Championship. Trying to appease Park, Konnan promised him the next shot at the title, provided that he took out one of AAA's top "technicos", El Mesías. Later that night Park first bloodied El Mesías with a steel chair and then pinned him with a low blow in a six man tag team match. On December 5 at "Guerra de Titanes", L.A. Park and El Mesías faced each other in a match, which turned into a brawl, during which both were covered in blood and Park's trademark mask was torn apart, completely revealing his blood covered face. In the end, Park managed to pick up the win after another low blow, multiple shots with a steel chair and an illegal "Martinete". However, Park's hopes of receiving a shot at the AAA World Heavyweight Championship were delayed, when at the same event El Zorro defeated Dr. Wagner, Jr. to become the new champion. Konnan's decision to hand the next title shot to El Zorro's blood rival Charly Manson instead of Park, caused dissension within "La Sociedad", just what Konnan wanted to avoid by not having the stablemates wrestle each other. Park then stated that after he won the "Rey de Reyes" tournament, Konnan would be forced to give him a title shot or face the consequences. On February 19, 2011, Park reiterated his point by assaulting and bloodying El Mesías backstage, after he had qualified for the finals of "Rey de Reyes". On February 28, Park himself entered the tournament and defeated Dr. Wagner, Jr., Halloween and Nicho el Millonario in his semifinal match. The finals of the tournament, a four–way match between Park, El Mesías, Carlito Caribbean Cool and Extreme Tiger took place on March 18 at the Rey de Reyes pay-per-view. Park and El Mesías were both eliminated from the match after brawling with each other to a double countout, leading to a win for AAA representative Extreme Tiger. After weeks of more hostilities between the two, including Park performing a "Martinete" on Mesías on the entrance stage, Mesías powerbombing Park through a table for a win in a six man tag team match and the two brawling to a no contest due to neither being able to continue the match, on May 18, El Mesías made a challenge, which Park accepted, for a Mask vs. Hair match at Triplemanía XIX, where the loser would either lose his mask or have his hair shaved off. Park later added to the stakes of the match by announcing that he would retire, should he lose his mask.
After working for AAA for over a decade, El Zorro finally managed to win the AAA World Heavyweight Championship for the first time on December 5, 2010, at "Guerra de Titanes" by defeating Dr. Wagner, Jr. with help from his "La Sociedad" stablemates. Meanwhile, El Zorro's "La Sociedad" stablemate L.A. Park had earned himself a shot at the AAA World Heavyweight Championship, but Konnan, wanting to avoid dissension within his group, denied him his shot and instead named El Zorro's longtime rival Charly Manson the number one contender at Rey de Reyes. After successfully defending the title against Manson, El Zorro, having caught wind of Park's intention of going for his title, seemingly started interfering in Park's matches under his old mask, costing him back–to–back multi–man tag team matches at the April 27 and 30 TV tapings. It would later be revealed that the attacker had actually been Charly Manson, who had been sent by Cibernético to cause dissension within the ranks of "La Sociedad". El Zorro, who is known as "El Profeta de la Lucha Libre" ("The Prophet of Wrestling") and as part of his character has made many accurate prophecies throughout the years, caused even more headache for Konnan by beginning to prophesize of the fall of a dictator, which he interpreted as meaning himself.
Meanwhile, "La Sociedad" co–leader Dorian Roldán struck deal with the founder of American promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), Jeff Jarrett, to bring wrestlers from his promotion to AAA to help him take over the promotion from his father Joaquín Roldán and mother Marisela Peña Roldan. Konnan, however, was against the idea of his former employer coming to AAA and believed that Roldán had made a mistake. Jarrett and fellow TNA worker Abyss arrived to AAA on May 18 for a confrontation with Konnan and "La Sociedad". In the end, Konnan and Jarrett revealed that they were in fact on the same page with each other and turned on El Zorro, along with L.A. Park, with Konnan announcing that Jarrett would be challenging for his AAA World Heavyweight Championship at Triplemanía XIX. After witnessing this turn of events, Marisela Peña Roldan finally decided that his son had gone too far and fired him from AAA, which led to Dorian proclaiming that with TNA he would revolutionize "lucha libre" and eventually the letters AAA would be replaced by TNA. As part of the TNA invasion, it was announced that at Triplemanía XIX TNA Knockouts Angelina Love, Mickie James and Velvet Sky would team with "La Sociedad"'s Sexy Star in an eight woman tag team match against Cynthia Moreno, Faby Apache, AAA Reina de Reinas Champion Mari Apache and Lolita, Rob Van Dam would face Dr. Wagner, Jr. for the newly created AAA Latin American Championship and Abyss and Mr. Anderson would challenge Extreme Tiger and Jack Evans for the AAA World Tag Team Championship in a steel cage match.
Since their formation in December 2007, "Los Psycho Circus" (Monster Clown, Murder Clown and Psycho Clown) had not lost a single match, with AAA claiming that their win streak had reached over 600 victories. During the fall of 2010, "Los Psycho Circus" were engulfed in a war with the many variations of "Los Perros del Mal", with Damián 666, Halloween and the group's leader El Hijo del Perro Aguayo being the most prominent "Perros" during the feud. After several matches between the two groups went to either a no contest or a countout, they were booked to face each other on December 5 at "Guerra de Titanes" in a steel cage weapons match, where "Los Perros del Mal" was represented by Damián 666, Halloween and X-Fly. In the end of the match, Halloween and Murder Clown were left in the cage, when someone wearing a Monster Clown mask ran out, climbed up the cage and prevented Murder Clown from escaping the cage, dropping him down to the mat and allowing Halloween to escape the cage, handing "Los Psycho Circus" their first ever loss. After the match, the man unmasked himself to reveal El Hijo del Perro Aguayo, who had been sidelined in October with a knee injury with reports stating that he would have to stay out of the ring for the rest of the year. The feud between the two groups continued at March's Rey de Reyes, where "Los Perros del Mal", represented by Aguayo, Damián 666, Halloween and Super Crazy, was once again victorious in a match against "Los Psycho Circus" and Dr. Wagner, Jr., the alliance known as "Potencia Mundial" ("World Power"). The feud also spread out to independent promotions International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) and Perros del Mal Producciones (PdM); in IWRG, the groups feuded over the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship, which "Los Psycho Circus" successfully defended against "Los Perros", while in PdM, the two groups faced each other in a Masks vs. Hairs steel cage match, which ended with Super Crazy having his hair head shaved off. In May 2011, AAA announced that the promotion was going to crown their first ever World Trios Champions and started a tournament with the finals being held at Triplemanía XIX. "Los Psycho Circus" advanced to the finals by defeating "La Maniarquía" (Chessman, Silver King and Último Gladiador) and The Black Family (Dark Cuervo, Dark Espíritu and Dark Ozz), while "Los Perros del Mal" advanced by defeating "Real Fuerza Aérea" (Aero Star, Argenis and Laredo Kid) and "Los Bizarros" (Charly Manson, Cibernético and Escoria) to set up a grudge match for the AAA World Trios Championship at Triplemanía XIX.
During the early stages of the war between AAA and "La Sociedad", Cibernético was one of the top "technicos" fighting for AAA. On October 1, 2010, at "Héroes Inmortales IV", he was scheduled to team up Heavy Metal, La Parka and Octagón against a team of "La Sociedad" representatives, but prior to the match Konnan announced that Cibernético had decided to turn his back on AAA and join his team instead. AAA bought Konnan's claim and replaced Cibernético and Octagón, who was injured in a backstage assault by someone resembling Cibernético, in the match with Dark Ozz and Dark Cuervo. However, in the end Cibernético interfered in the match and helped AAA pick up the win. Afterwards, Cibernético, upset with AAA and in particular his friend La Parka for believing he had turned on the company, decided to re–form his old group "Los Bizarros" with Amadeus, Escoria, Nygma and Taboo. Cibernético made clear that even though "Los Bizarros" were no longer with AAA, they were not part of "La Sociedad" either, solidifying the group's status as tweeners. He also tried to recruit his friend El Mesías to join the group, but he decided to stay out of the war of words between his two friends. On November 22, the feud between Cibernético and La Parka turned physical, when "Los Bizarros" ran out to save El Mesías from a beatdown at the hands of "La Sociedad", without making the save for La Parka and Jack Evans. When Parka confronted Cibernético, he was laid out with a stunner, after which "Los Bizarros" beat him down and Cibernético ripped his mask off his face. The first major battle between Cibernético and La Parka took place on December 5, 2010, at "Guerra de Titanes", where Parka teamed up with Dark Espíritu, Extreme Tiger and Jack Evans to defeat Cibernético, Escoria, Nygma and Taboo. After the match, "Los Bizarros" once again beat down La Parka, after which Cibernético admitted that while Super Fly had been outed as the man who had attacked Octagón prior to "Héroes Inmortales IV", he "was" in fact the one who had orchestrated the attack, meaning that Parka had been right about him all along. He then introduced the returning Charly Manson, who had most recently worked for rival promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), as the newest member of "Los Bizarros". The group's lineup would be finalized a couple of months later with the addition of Billy el Malo, who jumped to "Los Bizarros" from "La Sociedad". Cibernético and La Parka continued their heated rivalry the following months during which it was implied that Cibernético had assaulted and hospitalized Parka's three year old son, his own godson, with a broken leg and even provided X-rays, which he used to taunt Parka with. At March's "Rey de Reyes", "Los Bizarros", represented by Cibernético, Billy el Malo, Escoria and Nygma defeated La Parka, Jack Evans, Joe Líder and Nicho el Millonario, after which Cibernético threatened to light Parka on fire, before being driven out of the ring by Nicho. In May, La Parka formed his own group "El Inframundo" ("The Underworld") with Dark Ozz, Dark Cuervo, Dark Espíritu and the recently debuted Drago to counteract "Los Bizarros". On May 13, La Parka challenged Cibernético to a battle of the groups at Triplemanía XIX, which he accepted. It was later revealed that for the event Parka's team would be joined by Octagón, looking for revenge for what happened to him nine months earlier. During the event, Octagón would also become the fifth inductee into the AAA Hall of Fame, following in the footsteps of Antonio Peña, Rey Mysterio, Jr., Eddie Guerrero and Pepe Casas.
In September 2010, Silver King and Último Gladiador, two thirds of the stable "Los Maniacos", announced they were joining "La Sociedad", and although their stablemate Electroshock made no official announcement on whether or not he would be following them, he agreed to represent the group at "Héroes Inmortales IV" in order to get his hands on longtime rival Heavy Metal, who would represent AAA in the steel cage match between the two groups. After the event, during which Heavy Metal suffered an injury, which would sideline him for four months, Electroshock officially announced that he was not part of "La Sociedad" and urged Silver King and Último Gladiador to leave the group. At the November 18 event in Naucalpan he once again turned down an offer to join "La Sociedad" and was as a result beaten down by Silver King, Último Gladiador and "La Milicia", turning him "technico" in the process. When Heavy Metal returned from his injury on February 4, 2011, he and Electroshock entered a Best of Five series, with the loser having his hair shaved off. During the series, King and Gladiador tried to recruit Heavy Metal as the newest member of "Los Maniacos" and even interfered in several of the matches, but Heavy Metal made clear that he did not want to join them. The fifth match, a Two Out of Three Falls Bull Terrier match, took place on March 18 at Rey de Reyes, where Heavy Metal was victorious after a guitar shot, forcing Electroshock to have his hair shaved off. After the match both Electroshock and Heavy Metal were attacked by members of "La Sociedad", bringing the former rivals together to fight a common enemy. Just two days later, "Los Maniacos" surprisingly lost the AAA World Tag Team Championship to Extreme Tiger and Jack Evans, after which Silver King and Último Gladiador were seemingly about to break up, but were brought back together by "La Legión Extranjera" member Chessman, with whom they would re–form "Los Maniacos" under the new name "La Maniarquía". "La Maniaquía" was booked to settle their grudge with Electroshock and Heavy Metal at Triplemanía XIX in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match, for which the "technicos" recruited a veteran of hardcore wrestling, Joe Líder, whose partner, Nicho el Millonario, "La Maniarquía" had injured, as the third member of their team.
Event.
Pre–show.
The event at "Palacio de los Deportes" opened with an eight man tag team dark match, where "La Milicia Extrema" (Dark Dragon, Decnnis, Tigre Cota and Tito Santana) faced Fénix, Sugi San and "Real Fuerza Aeréa" members Aero Star and Argos. In the end, Argos managed to pick up the win for his team by pinning Dark Dragon following a double knee backbreaker.
Preliminary matches.
Triplemanía XIX opened with an in-ring segment, where Konnan first introduced announcer Arturo "Rudo" Rivera, who made his return after recently spending 20 days in coma as a result of a lung infection, and then proclaimed that the night would prove the superiority of American wrestling to Mexican "lucha libre", before he was interrupted by Joaquin Roldán. At the conclusion of the segment, the two agreed that anyone who interfered in the evening's matches would be immediately suspended from AAA.
The opening match of Triplemanía XIX saw Sexy Star teaming with Angelina Love, Velvet Sky and TNA Women's Knockout Champion Mickie James against Cynthia Moreno, Faby Apache, Lolita and AAA Reina de Reinas Champion, Mari Apache. The match started with the "rudos" attacking the "technicos", isolating Moreno from her partners and quickly taking advantage in the match. Eventually Moreno, Mari Apache and Lolita all dove out of the ring onto Love, Sexy and Sky, leaving James and Faby Apache in the ring. In the end, James pinned Apache for the win with the "Mickie–DT", after startling her with a kiss. After the match, the two teams brawled backstage.
After the opening match, Joaquin Roldán inducted Octagón into the AAA Hall of Fame.
In the second match of the pay-per-view, Electroshock, Heavy Metal and Joe Líder faced "La Maniarquía", consisting of Chessman, Último Gladiador and Silver King, who in Mexico City is forced to wrestle under the ring name Silver Cain as a way of being able to wear his mask, in a Tables, Ladders and Chairs match. "La Maniarquía" was accompanied to the ring by their mascot Maniaquito and their "La Sociedad" stablemate, AAA World Mixed Tag Team Champion Jennifer Blake, while Heavy Metal was accompanied by his valet Nanyzh Rock, midget companion Lokillo and musician Charly Montana. While every one of them followed the earlier agreement between Joaquin Roldán and Konnan and did not interfere in the match, Joe Líder's partner Nicho el Millonario, seeking revenge on "La Maniarquía", ran in and tried to replace Heavy Metal, who had been taken out of the match by Chessman, which led to Roldán coming out with security and having them remove Nicho from the arena. Soon afterwards, Heavy Metal returned to the match and threw Último Gladiador from the top rope through a cello, given to him by Montana, while Electroshock superbombed Chessman through a table. Heavy Metal followed up by performing a diving elbow drop on Gladiador, after which the "technico" duo scored a double pin on their opponents to win the match.
In the third match, Cibernético, Billy el Malo, Charly Manson and Escoria of "Los Bizarros" faced La Parka, Dark Ozz and Drago of "El Inframundo", who teamed with newly inducted Hall of Famer Octagón. At the end of the brawl, masked "Los Bizarros" member Taboo appeared at the top of the entrance ramp holding La Parka's ten year old son, who revealed on the microphone that Taboo was his uncle and thus La Parka's brother, the "luchador" formerly known as Lasser Boy. Meanwhile, in the ring, Cibernético took advantage of the distraction, hit Parka with a "Garra Cibernetica" and pinned him for the win. After the match, Cibernético revealed that Taboo had been the one who had helped him invade Parka's home and provided him with the X-rays of his godson's broken leg back in January. Taboo ended the segment by declaring "Los Bizarros" his new family.
The fourth match of Triplemanía XIX saw Extreme Tiger and Jack Evans defending the AAA World Tag Team Championship in a steel cage match against TNA X Division Champion Abyss and TNA World Heavyweight Champion Mr. Anderson. The team whose both members managed to escape the cage would be declared the winner. Abyss and Anderson dominated the match early, but eventually Extreme Tiger was able to get away from Abyss and escape the cage. In a two–on–one advantage the TNA team was even more dominant and after more double–teaming, Mr. Anderson eventually climbed out of the cage. Left in the cage with Abyss, Evans managed to dodge his attack, use his speed to take him down and hit him with a 450° splash. Evans attempted to escape the cage, but Abyss stopped him, opened the bag he had entered the cage with and emptied its contents, thumbtacks, on the mat. Abyss attempted to chokeslam Evans off the ropes, but Evans escaped the hold by biting his fingers and then powerbombed him onto the tacks. Evans climbed to the top of the cage, but, instead of escaping, dove back into the ring onto Abyss with a crossbody. Immediately afterwards, Evans climbed back up and escaped the cage to successfully defend the AAA World Tag Team Championship.
In the fifth match "Los Psycho Circus" faced "Los Perros del Mal" in a tournament final to determine the first ever AAA World Trios Champions. In the match "Los Perros del Mal" was represented by Damián 666, Halloween and X-Fly, the same team that wrestled in the tournament's first round. In the semifinals of the tournament, El Hijo del Perro Aguayo had replaced X-Fly and he was supposed to do the same at Triplemanía XIX, but was forced to pull out of the event as a result of his body's adverse reaction to the medication given to him as part of his recent tumor treatment. "Los Psycho Circus" was accompanied to the match by their debuting mascot, Mini Clown. Just prior to the start of the match, the two teams agreed to make it an "Extreme match", which meant that much like their many previous matches against each other, this also featured various weapons used by both "Los Psycho Circus" and "Los Perros del Mal". Eventually, Halloween stopped Psycho Clown's top rope hurricanrana attempt with a low blow and dropped him with a top rope Death Valley driver through a table for the win. With their win, "Los Perros del Mal" were crowned the first ever AAA World Trios Champions.
Main event matches.
In the first semi–main event of the evening, "La Sociedad" member Jeff Jarrett challenged El Zorro for the AAA World Heavyweight Championship. Like the other matches involving TNA workers, the match was refereed by "La Sociedad"'s own referee, Hijo del Tirantes, who showed bias towards Jarrett throughout the match. On several occasions Jarrett attempted to get El Zorro to submit with an ankle lock, the signature hold of his TNA rival Kurt Angle, but when he realized he was not going to succeed in his attempt, he took advantage of a distraction from his wife Karen and smashed El Zorro with his signature guitar, but to his surprise, only managed to get a two count out of the following pinfall. Jarrett then took a hold of El Zorro's kendo stick, hit him with it and then put it across his throat and performed his finishing maneuver "The Stroke" to become the new AAA World Heavyweight Champion and the first ever American to hold the title. Jarrett left the ring as fans in attendance started to fill it with bottles.
The Mask vs. Hair match between L.A. Park and El Mesías, which had been billed as the top match of the event, took place next, with L.A. Park being accompanied to the ring by his son El Hijo de L.A. Park and the wheelchair-bound Pierroth, neither of whom were working for AAA. Just like in their previous bout at December's "Guerra de Titanes", both wrestlers were bloodied and L.A. Park's mask was torn to pieces during the brawl around the arena. With the match in his control following a "Skull Bomb" and a "topé suicida", Park pulled out a table from under the ring, set it up inside the ring and climbed on top of it for his signature dance, but was then surprised by a diving spear through the table from El Mesías, which was however only good for a two count. El Mesías followed up with a double knee backbreaker and a "Mesías Splash" for another two count, before locking Park in a sharpshooter. Eventually, Park managed to reach the ropes, but El Mesías pulled him back to the center of the ring and re-applied the hold. Park feigned submission by lightly tapping El Mesías on the back, which led to him releasing the hold as he believed he had won the match. El Mesías climbed to the top rope to celebrate his "win" and when referee Piero tried to explain that Park had not in fact submitted, El Mesías swung his leg back and accidentally kicked him in the head. Park took advantage of the distraction, hit El Mesías with brass knuckles, made the pin and scored a three count to win the match. After the match, El Mesías had his hair shaved off with L.A. Park mocking Marisela Peña Roldan, who was seated in the front row. At this point the event had lasted over three and a half hours, which led to many in attendance leaving the arena after the match, not sticking around for the main event of the evening.
In the main event of the show, Dr. Wagner, Jr. faced TNA worker Rob Van Dam to determine the first ever AAA Latin American Champion. Wagner, like L.A. Park, was accompanied to the ring by his son, independent worker Dr. Wagner III, with both him and Van Dam carrying the flags of their native countries. Van Dam used a steel chair on several occasions in the match, including kicking it in Wagner's face from the top rope. Eventually Wagner started a comeback with a top rope head-and-arm suplex suplex, before signaling for his finishing maneuver, the "Wagner Driver". Wagner managed to hit the move, but Van Dam kicked out of the following pinfall. Wagner followed up with a rope hung DDT onto a steel chair, which was good enough for a three count. With the win Dr. Wagner, Jr. became the first ever AAA Latin American Champion. The show ended with AAA's "technicos" entering the ring to celebrate Wagner's and AAA's win over TNA and "La Sociedad".
Aftermath.
At the press conference following the event, new AAA Latin American Champion Dr. Wagner, Jr. put over his opponent for the night, Rob Van Dam, as a tough and unique opponent and stated that he was grateful for the opportunity to wrestle him. He also teased a possible match with Jeff Jarrett for the AAA World Heavyweight Championship and a Mask vs. Mask match against L.A. Park at Triplemanía XX, while also suggesting that now was the time for AAA to invade TNA. Meanwhile, Jarrett stated that Triplemanía XIX was only the beginning of TNA's invasion of AAA. TNA acknowledged Jarrett's win on the front page of their official website, calling him the "Heavyweight Champion of Mexico", not mentioning any of the other matches or even the name of the promotion.
In the days following the event, Joaquin Roldán reaffirmed that Nicho el Millonario had been suspended indefinitely for interfering in the Tables, Ladders and Chairs match. Konnan, meanwhile, gloated that, despite Abyss' and Anderson's failure to capture the AAA World Tag Team Championship, the TNA wrestlers as a whole had proven their superiority, just like he had promised. Konnan explained Van Dam's defeat in the main event by claiming that he had gotten injured during the match, but promised him a rematch with Wagner, Jr. as soon as he had recovered. He also challenged Mari Apache to put her AAA Reina de Reinas Championship on the line against Mickie James.
Mickie James returned to AAA on July 9, this time defeating Mari Apache with a kiss and a "Mickie–DT", before challenging her to a match for the Reina de Reinas Championship at "Verano de Escándalo". After Wagner, Jr. continued making challenges towards Jarrett, he was given a match for the AAA World Heavyweight Championship at "Verano de Escándalo", but Konnan included L.A. Park in the match to make sure that the title stayed in "La Sociedad". In late June and early July, Jack Evans became the first AAA contracted worker to work for TNA, when he made appearances on both their primary television show, "Impact Wrestling", and at the Destination X pay-per-view, but once again AAA was never mentioned by name and it was simply announced that he had been working in Mexico the past years. Meanwhile, TNA workers Abyss, Samoa Joe and Scott Steiner made appearances in AAA, representing TNA and "La Sociedad". Jarrett returned to "Impact Wrestling" on July 14, carrying the "Mexican Heavyweight Championship" belt, the AAA World Heavyweight Championship belt with the main plate, including the AAA letters, covered completely by a new white plate with a Mexican flag on it. After threatening to quit the promotion over his suspension, Nicho el Millonario returned to AAA on July 16, turning "rudo" and attacking Joe Líder, after he tried to calm him down as he was berating Joaquín Roldán.
Reception.
"Grita Radio" analyst Jonathan Sánchez was highly critical of the performances of the TNA wrestlers, outside of Rob Van Dam, claiming that they did not show any quality and once again proved that American wrestling lacks the spark of Mexican "lucha libre" and Japanese "puroresu", going as far as calling the match between El Zorro and Jeff Jarrett "terrible", claiming it was uncreative and bore the audience. He named the match between L.A. Park and El Mesías "by far the best so far this year", but claimed that the event as a whole fell short of expectations due to the lack of domestic competition in Mexico. "SuperLuchas" magazine's Eduardo Cano Vela was more positive in his review, taking his hat off for Triplemanía XIX, claiming that AAA had showed how to put together a major event.

</doc>
<doc id="31172011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172011" title="New Norfolk High School">
New Norfolk High School

New Norfolk High School is a co-educational public 7-10 high school in New Norfolk, Tasmania, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31172016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172016" title="Pamela Evans">
Pamela Evans

Pamela Evans (born 1949) is a British author who is also trained as a medical doctor and a published academic.
Evans was born in London and trained as a doctor at The London Hospital Medical College, graduating with an MB BS. After graduating, she worked as a General Practitioner in Highams Park, London E4.
Academic career.
Pamela took up a post as a Research Fellow in Epidemiology to enable her to continue working whilst raising a family. She was a member of the UK national working party concerned with data recording in cerebral palsy research from 1985 to the early 1990s. She has published various papers in the field and was invited to deliver a paper at a UCLA conference ('Epidemiology of the Cerebral Palsies: a Foundation for Research and Prevention') in 1986.
She developed the "Limb by Limb" method of data recording, a standardised methodology for clinicians providing data to epidemiologists. Before this method was described, different interpretations of commonly used terms (e.g. diplegia, hemiplegia and quadriplegia) meant that data recorded in studies were not always able to be assessed correctly at an epidemiological level. The "Limb by Limb" method stimulated a debate among other researchers about the best format for data recording in epidemiological studies, providing a basis from which other recording methodologies could be derived.
Her work on the life expectancy of children affected by cerebral palsy has been used as evidence in the High Court.
Writings.
She left her epidemiological studies and developed an interest in counselling and to begin to teach adults in her local church and elsewhere. She contributed to the training of Christian counsellors, and lectured GPs on workaholism and other addictions. This work culminated in "Driven Beyond the Call of God" which received good reviews including from the Christian Medical Fellowship - connecting her past career as a doctor to her present one as an author.
In 2002 she compiled her New Testament church-based teaching on the Body of Christ into a second book - "Building the Body" and has since contributed to the "Quiet Spaces" journal and bible reading notes such as "Living Light" and "Closer to God" from Scripture Union.
In 2011 she published her 3rd book - "Shaping the Heart", subtitled "Reflections on spiritual formation and fruitfulness".
Current activities.
Evans continues to teach and preach in the Anglican church to which she and her husband belong. She is a member of the Association of Christian Writers and part of the Chichester Diocese team of facilitators for the national Growing Healthy Churches initiative. Pamela also provides spiritual direction to a small number of church leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="31172030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172030" title="List of World War I flying aces from Argentina">
List of World War I flying aces from Argentina

This is a list of World War I flying aces from Argentina:

</doc>
<doc id="31172045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172045" title="Unlikely Brothers">
Unlikely Brothers

__NOTOC__
Unlikely Brothers: Our Story of Adventure, Loss and Redemption is co-authored by human rights activist and Co-Founder of the Enough Project, John Prendergast and his "Little Brother", Michael Mattocks.
Summary.
John Prendergast, at twenty years old, decided to become a Big Brother to Michael Mattocks, a seven-year-old living in a crime-ridden neighborhood in Washington, DC. The book, co-authored by both, describes their different perspectives on their continuing relationship, shared over a period of more than 27 years.

</doc>
<doc id="31172046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172046" title="RWE (disambiguation)">
RWE (disambiguation)

RWE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31172049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172049" title="Kishore Te.">
Kishore Te.

Kishore Te. () is an Indian film editor. He has worked in Tamil, Kannada and Telugu films. For his work in "Aadukalam" (2011), he won the National Film Award for Best Editing.
Career.
At age 21, Kishore joined film editors B. Lenin and V. T. Vijayan as an assistant. He worked for more than 70 Tamil, Telugu and Hindi films as an assistant editor. His first independent film as an editor was the Tamil film "Eeram" (2009) produced by Shankar and directed by Arivazhagan.

</doc>
<doc id="31172056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172056" title="Mitsubishi F-15J">
Mitsubishi F-15J

The Mitsubishi F-15J/DJ Eagle is a twin-engine, all-weather air superiority fighter based on the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle in use by the Japan Air Self-Defense Force (JASDF). The F-15J was produced under license by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. The subsequent F-15DJ and F-15J Kai variants were also produced. Japan is the largest customer of the F-15 Eagle outside the United States. In addition to combat, F-15DJ roles include training. The F-15J Kai is a modernized version of the F-15J.
Development.
In June–July 1975, the Japan Defense Agency (JDA, now Ministry of Defense) examined the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as one of the 13 candidates for the replacement of the F-104J/DJ Starfighter and F-4EJ Phantom II. A single-seat F-15C and a twin-seat F-15D were evaluated at Edwards Air Force Base, and in December 1975, the F-15 was announced the winner, with the government intending to purchase 187 F-15J/DJs. By April 1978, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries was designated as the primary contractor and licensing for the F-15C/D was achieved.
After congressional review, the Department of Defense (DoD) withheld the aircraft's electronic warfare and engine systems from the licensing. Initially, the aircraft were produced in the U.S. and exported to Japan. This initial export production contributed to aircraft development under the defense industry of Japan while facilitating base production of aircraft, achieving the goal of producing a fighter to Japan's requirements.
The Japan Air Self-Defense Force (JASDF) acquired 203 F-15Js and 20 F-15DJs, of which 2 F-15Js and 12 F-15DJs were built by McDonnell Douglas in St. Louis, Missouri. Dubbed the "Peace Eagle" by the DoD FMS program, the first F-15J built in St. Louis was delivered to the United States Air Force for its first flight on 4 June 1980, and a subsequent cruise on 15 July to Japan. Additionally, 8 F-15Js were manufactured in large components and shipped to Japan for final assembly by Komaki of Mitsubishi, the first of these (serial number 12–8803) making its maiden flight on 26 August 1981. Companies divided the remainder share and produced it under license from 1981, with final assembly of aircraft performed by Mitsubishi.
In 1980, the Japanese government applied for access to advanced technology through the U.S.-Japan Forum (S&TF) but this was rejected. The JDA and the DoD held annual meetings about relaxation of the regulation after a program was started. In these meetings, the DoD official gave an answer that permitted access to initially prohibited technology of various types including composite material.
In the latter period of 1981, the first F-15J/DJ aircraft were sent to 202 Squadron, which was reorganized as an Eagle FTU and renamed the 23 Flying Training Squadron at Nyutabaru base on 21 December 1982. The JASDF developed a plan to form the first squadron after the KAL007 shootdown by a Soviet Su-15 on 1 September 1983. In March 1984, new F-15Js began replacing the 203 Squadron's F-104Js at Chitose Air Base, located across the La Pérouse Strait from the Soviet fighter base on Sakhalin Island.
Design.
F-15J/DJs are identical to F-15C/Ds aside from the ECM, radar warning system, and nuclear equipment. The AN/ALQ-135 Internal Countermeasures System is replaced by the indigenous J/ALQ-8 and the AN/ALR-56 Radar Warning Receiver is replaced by the J/APR-4. The engine is the Pratt & Whitney F100 turbofan, produced under license by IHI Corporation. Some aircraft still have an inertial measurement unit, an old type of the Inertial navigation system. All F-15J/DJs have two UHF radios, which are also VHF capable.
The F-15J is characterized by an indigenous data link, but they do not support Link 16 FDL mounted by USAF F-15Cs. It works as a basic bidirectional link with the Japanese ground-controlled intercept network, and it is limited because it is not a true network.
Mitsubishi received the F-15C/D Multistage Improvement Program (MSIP) and in 1987 began upgrading the F-15J/DJs. Improvements included an uprated central computer, engines, armament control set and added the J/APQ-1 countermeasures set. The F100-PW-220 (IHI-220) was upgraded to the F100-PW-220E (IHI-220E) with a digital engine electronic control retrofit. Differences in appearance from earlier F-15Js include the J/ALQ-8 ICS with an ICS antenna mounted under the intake. The J/APQ-4 RWR antenna position on the F-15J/DJs is the same as F-15C/Ds, but the lens of F-15J/DJ MSIPs are black rather than white for F-15C/Ds.
Improvements and upgrades.
F-15Js have been equipped with the Japanese-built AAM-3 missile, an improved AIM-9 Sidewinder follow-on with distinctive "barbed" forward fins. Japan has been investigating an advanced fighter to replace the F-15, meanwhile the F-15J fleet is being modernised. In 28 July 2003, the first upgraded F-15J (#928) made its first flight, and it was delivered to the JASDF Air Development Test Wing on 21 October 2003.
On 10 December 2004, the Japanese Government approved a Mid-Term Defense Program (MTDP) to modernize the F-15J MSIPs over five years in accordance with new National Defense Program Guidelines. The upgrade is being implemented in phases, but ultimately the upgrade will include a new ejection seat; replaced IHI-220E engines; more powerful processor; uprated electrical generation and cooling capabilities to support more avionics and the Raytheon AN/APG-63(V)1 radar. which has been produced under license by Mitsubishi Electric since 1997. Raytheon expects the radar will ultimately be installed in 80 F-15Js.The new radar will support the AAM-4 missile, the Japanese answer to the AMRAAM.
The Ministry of Defense (MoD) requested the modernization and deployment of reconnaissance aircraft in June 2007, and it was planned to upgrade some F-15Js with synthetic aperture radar pods; these aircraft would replace the RF-4 Phantom IIs currently in service.
On 17 December 2009, the reconnaissance upgrade disappeared from the budget after the Democratic Party took power following the General Election in 2009, and priority was given instead to improvement of the F-15J and the Mitsubishi F-2. The number of F-15J upgrades was increased from 26 to 48, and the MoD purchased the part of the modernization for 38 fighters, however, the full budget for modernization is incomplete. 48 F-15Js will get a Link 16 datalink and helmet-mounted sight. The helmet-mounted sight will support the AAM-5 dogfighting missile, which will replace the AAM-3.
On 17 December 2010, modernization was funded for 16 F-15Js but the MoD reduced this to 10 F-15Js.

</doc>
<doc id="31172061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172061" title="2010–11 Long Island Blackbirds men's basketball team">
2010–11 Long Island Blackbirds men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Long Island Blackbirds men's basketball team represented Long Island University during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Blackbirds, led by 9th year head coach Jim Ferry, played their home games at the Athletic, Recreation & Wellness Center and are members of the Northeast Conference. They finished the season 27–6, 16–2 in NEC play to capture the regular season championship. They also won the 2011 Northeast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament to earn an automatic bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they lost in the second round to North Carolina.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Northeast Conference Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31172081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172081" title="Gräfenberg Railway">
Gräfenberg Railway

The Gräfenberg Railway () is the railway line from the Nuremberg Nordost station via Heroldsberg, Kalchreuth and Eschenau to Gräfenberg. It is a successful reference project for the revitalisation of railway lines threatened with closure. It is in integrated into the Nuremberg Regional Transport Association ("Verkehrsverbund Großraum Nuremberg") and is designated as line R21.

</doc>
<doc id="31172086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172086" title="Ban Pao">
Ban Pao

Ban Pao may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31172091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172091" title="Erika de Vasconcelos">
Erika de Vasconcelos

Erika de Vasconcelos (born 1965) is a Portuguese Canadian novelist.
Biography.
Born in 1965 in Montreal to recent immigrants from Portugal, de Vasconcelos has one sister, Paula, now a theatrical director. A graduate of Marianopolis College, with a degree in English and a certificate in Interior Design, she decided to seriously pursue writing in her 30s after her 10th class reunion at Marianopolis College. Her first novel, "My Darling Dead Ones", was published in 1997. She followed up with "Between the Stillness and the Grove" in 2000.
de Vasconcelos is divorced, with two daughters. She resides in Toronto.She has a son with Nino Ricci.

</doc>
<doc id="31172101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172101" title="Dick Turpin's Ride">
Dick Turpin's Ride

"Dick Turpin's Ride" is a 1951 American adventure film directed by Ralph Murphy and starring Louis Hayward, Patricia Medina and Suzanne Dalbert. It follows the career of the eighteenth century highwaymen Dick Turpin. It is based on the poem "Dick Turpin's Ride" by Alfred Noyes. It is also known as The Lady and the Bandit.

</doc>
<doc id="31172102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172102" title="Pitchy patchy">
Pitchy patchy

Pitchy Patchy is a Jamaican Jonkonnu carnival figure. 
One of the original figures of Jamaican carnival, Pitchy Patchy is usually represented by a suit made of tattered, colorful pieces of cloth. Pitchy Patchy's role in the carnival is to keep masqueraders and the surrounding crowd in order by cracking a cattle whip. 

</doc>
<doc id="31172119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172119" title="Alma Vetsera Hayne">
Alma Vetsera Hayne

Alma Vetsera Hayne (1890–1919) was a New York City socialite who passed herself off as the daughter of Rudolf, Crown Prince of Austria and Baroness Mary Vetsera and called herself Princess Vetsera of Austria. She claimed her son, Rudolph Hayne (1899-?), was heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne.
Biography.
Her first husband was George Osborne Hayne. She married Donald Shields Andrews (1894-1930) on April 24, 1915.
She took her own life with poison in 1919 at the second victory ball for the end of World War I.
Shields Andrews, an inorganic chemist, would take his own life with poison in 1930 in Fair Haven, New Jersey. He had been working on a process to make synthetic gemstones.

</doc>
<doc id="31172122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172122" title="Troizinia">
Troizinia

Troizinia () is a municipality in the Islands regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Galatas.
Municipality.
The municipality Troizinia was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units (constituent communities in brackets):
Province.
The province of Troizinia () was one of the provinces of the Piraeus Prefecture. Its territory corresponded with that of the current municipalities Troizinia and Poros. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31172133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172133" title="Pieper (disambiguation)">
Pieper (disambiguation)

Pieper is a Belgian carmaker.
Pieper may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31172163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172163" title="International Symposium on Memory Management">
International Symposium on Memory Management

The International Symposium on Memory Management (ISMM) is an ACM SIGPLAN symposium on memory management. Before becoming a conference it was known as the International Workshop on Memory Management (IWMM).

</doc>
<doc id="31172170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172170" title="A Dying Man's Hymn">
A Dying Man's Hymn

"A Dying Man's Hymn" is the second studio album by Dutch progressive rock band Sky Architect that is set to be released on June 6, 2011 on Galileo Records. The album art was drawn by Mark Wilkinson.

</doc>
<doc id="31172182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172182" title="Cornafean GAA">
Cornafean GAA

Cornafean is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the rural parishes of Killeshandra and Kilmore, in County Cavan, Ireland. The club plays Gaelic Football and competes in Cavan GAA competitions. Cornafean is the most successful club in Cavan, having won 20 Cavan Senior Football Championships. The club produced some of the best players in the 'Golden Era' of the Cavan team. The club's last at adult level was in 2000 when they won the 2000 Cavan Junior Championship title.

</doc>
<doc id="31172189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172189" title="Neuron Data">
Neuron Data

Neuron Data is an American software development company
that was founded June 1985 by Alain Rappaport, Patrick Perez and Jean-Marie Chauvet. Their first product, "Nexpert", was a C-based expert system shell for the Macintosh in 1985. The product was ported to the PC, one of the first programs to run under the then nascent Windows. Under the name Nexpert Object, it was ported to VAX VMS and all flavors of UNIX workstations, as well as on IBM mainframes. In 1991, Neuron Data released a GUI building tool named "Open Interface". The "Open Interface Elements" development tool won the 1995 Editor's Choice Award from X Journal for the "Best Cross-Platform Toolkit".
Neuron Data produced a client-server software development environment named "C/S Elements" in 1993. The following year, they released "Smart Elements", which incorporated support for business rules, enhanced GUI design tools and direct support of external C++ libraries. In 1995 they released "Elements Environment", a middleware suite of object-oriented tools that can be used to build distributed applications. "Web Element", a component of the version 2.0 "Elements Environment", allowed interaction of developed applications with the World Wide Web.
In order to improve their Java interface development skills, in 1997 Neuron Data acquired the software component company Microline Software. On March 23, 2000, the company was taken public by CEO Thomas F. Kelly; the company name was changed to Blaze Software, with Nasdaq code BLZE. It was then acquired by German software company Brokat. They were sold to HNC, Inc., which, in turn, merged with FICO in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31172196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172196" title="Mauro Alonso">
Mauro Alonso

Mauro Lucas dos Santos Alonso (born August 12, 1988), commonly known as Mauro Alonso, is a Brazilian football midfielder.
Career.
Mauro Alonso began playing football for América Futebol Clube (SP). He won title with BATE Borisov in 2010 in the Belarusian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="31172219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172219" title="Tuspark">
Tuspark

The Tuspark or Tsinghua University Science Park, Tuspark Holding Limited is a Chinese high-tech company which builds business parks. It has buildings in Zhongguancun of Beijing, in Kunshan, Suzhou, Jiangsu and in Nanjing. It has 30 branches all around China. About 400 companies and 25000 employees are working in Tuspark. 
More than 200 companies are local ventures, like Viador, Achivo, Visionox, Hansky with lots of different science fields. For example, they have incubation Systems: Bio and Life Science, Software, IC Design, Digital TV, 3G Mobile Communication. In Beijing Microsoft, Sohu, Google Beijing, Sun Microsystems, msn.cn, Schlumberger, P&G, Toyota, NEC belong to the Tsinghua University Science Park. Google Beijing had 1200 square meters first, later the company extended it to 13888 square meters, 350 employees were working for the Google Beijing in 2007. In 2006 the total park had 690,000 square meters with 20 buildings there. 
The TusPark's founder and President is Mei Meng, the senior vice-president is Chen Hongbo, who is the vice-dean of the Tsinghua University. The Tuspark's CEO is Xu Jinghong. Tuspark, which is an abbreviation of the Tsinghua University Science Park, was set up in 1994, the first building, the TusPark Development Center was built in 1998.
Other Science parks in China.
There were 62 Scinence Parks based on 122 universities with 0.2 million employees in the PRC. The total investments of these science parks are 30 billion renminbi.

</doc>
<doc id="31172240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172240" title="40th Berlin International Film Festival">
40th Berlin International Film Festival

The 40th annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from February 9 to 20, 1990. The festival opened with "Steel Magnolias" by Herbert Ross, which was shown out of competition. 
Jury.
The following people were announced as being on the jury for the festival:
Films in competition.
The following films were in competition for the Golden Bear and Silver Bear awards:
Awards.
The following prizes were awarded by the Jury:

</doc>
<doc id="31172242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172242" title="Joe Little III">
Joe Little III

Joe N Little III a.k.a. "Joey Beanz" or "Casino Joe" born (July 14, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, actor, fashion designer and American entrepreneur most known as lead singer of the internationally known group The Rude Boys most known for 1991 "Billboard" R&B Song of the year "Written All Over Your Face", along with being C.E.O, co-founder and spokesman of now defunct Urbean Joe Gourmet Coffee, a self acclaimed first African American independently owned coffee brand and franchise, which harnesses the slogan "Coffee With A Touch of Soul" with a tagline "Sip Soulful". Now C.O.O and co-founder of Beanz Coffee Club and gourmet coffee hailing slogan " Exquisite, Stimulating, Superior Taste" and tagline " AMAZING AT IT'S BEST ", also C.E.O and co-founder of Beanzatti Damone custom men's clothing line.
Early life.
Joe N Little III was born in Cleveland, Ohio July 14, 1968, his father Joe Little Jr at the time was a shoe salesman born in Birmingham, Alabama and raised in Cleveland, his mother Patricia Ann Little born in Memphis, Tennessee also raised in Cleveland, was a church clerk and worked for the water department. At an early age of 10 Little embraced boxing a sport he grew to love admiring Muhammad Ali,he went on to be an accomplished amateur boxer fighting up under the East Cleveland Pal boxing club under the tuteledge of Johnny Duncan Jr,during this time Little also gained a love for singing while participating in his church choir at Temple Baptist church, he was first influence by his mother Patricia and aunt Carolyn Kirkwood, whose father Sammy Kirkwood of San Francisco, California was a popular gospel singer on the west coast, and after hearing such artist as Stevie Wonder, Frank Sinatra and Donny Hathaway, Little knew he had discovered his passion and calling and proceeded to participate in local talent shows while attending Shaw and Collinwood High schools racking up win after win.
Career.
The discovery.
Joe N Little III along with Edward (Buddy) Lee Banks was discovered by Gerald LeVert singing in a local night club in Cleveland,Ohio, LeVert expressed that he wanted to further hear them sing again and possibly sign the two, at that time both were the lead singers of a local R&B group along with members Larry (Bingo) Marcus (a cousin of B.B. King) and Melvin Sephus, after meeting the other group members and working in studio with them, in 1988 LeVert presented the group to Sylvia Rhone then Senior VP of Atlantic Records and in turn got them signed to the label.
"Rude Awakening".
The band's 1990 debut album "Rude Awakening", started slow with its first release "Come On Lets Do This" which peaked at No. 38 on the Billboard R&B charts. However, it was the group's second single, "Written All Over Your Face" that made the group a sensation, as the single topped the R&B charts and, The song showcased the vocals of Little and Edward Buddy Banks, with a cameo appearance by Gerald LeVert; the single rode the charts for 31 weeks, and finally made it to No. 1 on the Billboard R&B charts and No. 16 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, It also won 1991 Billboard Music Award for R&B Single of the Year ("Written All Over Your Face").
The group would score a second No. 1 hit on Billboard R&B hit from this album in 1990, "Are You Lonely for Me" written by Little and Tony Nicholas, With the well-rounded, riffing baritone of Little and the vibrating, towering tenor of Banks, the single rose straight to the top, This would be Little's first No. 1 "Billboard" charted record, "Are You Lonely was one of the few songs since the emergence of videos to gain the No. 1 ranking without a video.Another song released from the album was the " Heaven " a natural soulful vocally with a peppy rhythm and peaked at the No. 15 spot on the Billboard R&B chart. The album "Rude Awakening" would peak at No. 10 "Billboard" R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and No. 68 "Billboard" 200. The Rude Boys also toured that year with Levert and The O'Jays. The album itself was just one spot below the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Albums top 10 spot, where it sat comfortably at No. 11 in the spring of 1990.
"Rude House".
Riding on the success of their two laid-back number one singles from their debut release, the boys followed up their debut album with "Rude House" in 1992, they came flying back with the up-tempo "My Kinda Girl" (a underground new jack hit) which was energetically complemented by the superb vocals of Little and Banks, who admirably improvise their way through the vamp. The song also was remixed by then director of A&R at Atlantic Records DJ Clark Kent a hip hop DJ and record producer from New York at the time Clark was pushing an unknown rapper from the Marcy housing project in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY who would come to be known to the world as Jay-Z, This move propelled "My Kinda Girl" in the Hip Hop underground scene in New York and abroad,also to support the single Jay-Z would go on to perform with the Rude Boys live at one of the Big Apple's premiere underground Hip Hop Clubs. Falling short of the number one ranking, the single peaked at number #2 after 18 weeks on the Billboard R&B chart. and the next single to be released, "Go Ahead and Cry" peaked at #43 on the Billboard R&B charts.The excellent singing by Banks, Little and company could not disguise the fact that the R&B world was moving closer to the parlance of hip hop. That change rendered "Rude House" hopelessly old-fashioned despite the fact that it was one of Atlantic Records better R&B releases of 1992. Label mates and peers R&B group LeVert ran into a similar problem in this period, and never truly recovered. Still, "Rude House" was a solid production, peppered with great songs,loaded with one great song after another, most of them soulful ballads when the album "Rude House" came out in 1992, its lack of commercial success highlighted the public's shift away from the new jack era. and marked the beginning of the sound scan era. This would mark the end of the Rude Boys stint with Atlantic Records and run with mentor Gerald LeVert. This would be the last album to date Little would record with The Rude Boys.
Business ventures.
Urbean Joe Gourmet Coffee.
In early 2008 Little embarked on a new venture an idea pitched to him by a family member, which was to open up a café or coffee house in his local hometown Cleveland, Ohio, being that he was a local icon it was believed that it would be successful, Little was sold on the idea, at the time he was in need of a jump start in his life, for some years he had attained odd jobs to help keep his household a float, he immediately went to work imagining him and his family member having their own coffee brand and chain of coffee houses in inner city neighborhoods across the United States, Urbean Joe Gourmet Coffee inc. was born. Little and his cousin hit the streets of Cleveland selling their coffee brand hand to hand, times were hard and it brought no profit along with people discouraging and laughing saying it would never work it did not damper their spirits, Little delighted in the idea that he was thinking outside the box, doing something that he knew possibly in the future could create opportunities for jobs and uplift inner city neighborhoods flooded with bars and liquor stores. After much foot work Little came across someone willing to invest along with him and his cousin, and within months they opened up a café, within five months after the first café was opened a second one was launched, it was clear they were on their way. Urbean Joe Gourmet Coffee is quickly becoming one of the most sought after independent coffee brands and franchise in the United States, carrying a slogan "Coffee With a Touch of Soul" and a tag line ”Sip Soulful”, Urbean Joe Gourmet Coffee is a self acclaimed first independent coffee brand and franchise owned by an African American in the United States, sourcing, roasting, blending, custom naming, packaging and exporting its own product. Little explains “Urbean Joe gourmet coffee is setting the tone and being a trendsetter, by placing its cafés in the inner city of Cleveland, Ohio, we are revolutionizing our coffee and cafés by helping bridge the gap in African American communities. Urbean Joe since starting in 2008 has opened two locations with one under construction and is now set to licence and open cafes in Atlanta, GA, Charlotte, NC and Houston, TX in 2013.
TV appearances.
"Soul Train", "Showtime at the Apollo", "The Arsenio Hall Show", "Party Machine", "Real Housewives of Atlanta"
Movie appearances.
"Up Against the Ropes"

</doc>
<doc id="31172243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172243" title="The Westminster Schools">
The Westminster Schools

The Westminster Schools is a private school (Pre-First–12) in Atlanta, Georgia, USA, founded in 1951 and tracing its origins to 1878. In 2008 the school had the largest endowment of any non-boarding school in the United States.
History.
Westminster originated in 1951 as a reorganization of Atlanta's North Avenue Presbyterian School (NAPS), a girls' school and an affiliate of the North Avenue Presbyterian Church. Dr. William L. Pressly of Chattanooga, Tennessee's McCallie School served as Westminster's first president. The school moved to its current campus in 1953 as the result of a land grant by trustee Fritz Orr.
Also in 1953, Washington Seminary, another private school for girls, founded by two of George Washington's great-nieces in 1878, merged with Westminster. The resulting school was co-educational until the sixth grade, with separate schools for boys and girls continuing through the twelfth grade, a practice that continued until 1986 and provided the basis of Westminster's plural name.
In the mid-1950s, Westminster became a test site for a new advanced studies program that would later become the College Board's Advanced Placement program. In 1962, the administration building, later named Pressly Hall, was constructed, bringing the number of permanent buildings on campus to four. Three years later, in 1965, Westminster became one of the first southern private schools to integrate, and four African American students graduated in 1972. Until 1978, the school also operated as a boarding school.
In 2006 the school ran a campaign attempting to raise $100 million to further increase its endowment size. The campaign was at the time the third-largest ever for an independent school in the United States.
Campus.
Westminster is situated on a wooded campus of in the Buckhead community of Atlanta. A new campus road, completed in June 2004, rerouted traffic away from central campus. In addition to a new junior high facility, completed in August 2005, Westminster has six main high school academic buildings – Campbell Hall (1952), Askew Hall (1951), and Robinson Hall (1992), Broyles Hall (1987), and Pressly Hall (1962). Pressly Hall houses administrative offices, the Malone Dining Hall, and McCain Chapel. Turner Gymnasium underwent major construction and expansion completed in 2000. Broyles Arts Center houses the orchestra, band, theater, and art programs, and also the Campus Center, an area for students to hang out during free time that includes a concession stand. The recently renovated Scott Hall (2013), once nearly obsolete after the construction of the Junior High School building, now houses the campus bookstore and technology department. Love Hall (1995) serves as the elementary school. Tull Hall, which was once the dorm rooms for boarding students, is now leased by the Georgia Academy of Music, and also serves as a day care for the faculty's children.
The campus hosted the Atlanta Marathon from 1964 until 1980.
During the 1996 Olympics the Torch was run through campus, and floor used for the basketball games then is now in Love Hall's gymnasium.
Post-secondary education.
As a college preparatory school, one of Westminster's primary goals for its students is that they are prepared for and able to receive a post-secondary education. The Westminster schools has the 5th highest success rate(of students and graduates) and 2nd hardest learning program of any non-boarding school in the southern states. The Class of 2009 graduated 191 students, 93 male and 98 female. The universities with the largest matriculation from the class of 2012 were the University of Georgia (29), the University of Virginia (15), the University of Alabama (10), Rhodes College (9), Vanderbilt University (8), Georgia Institute of Technology (8), Princeton University (6), University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (6), Washington University in St. Louis (6), Harvard University (5), Georgetown University (5), and the University of Pennsylvania (5), among others. The 2012 matriculations are similar to those of other recent graduating classes. Minority enrollment stands as 26.62%, and financial aid is awarded to 15.6% of the student body. For the Class of 2014, Westminster set a Georgia record by having eight students accepted into Harvard University through its restricted early action program.
Traditions.
Current school traditions include a student-enforced honor code that forbids lying, cheating, and stealing. In the high school and middle school, the Honor Council oversees honor violation cases, while the Discipline Council oversees cases involving disciplinary actions not in violation of the honor code.
Annual events include Christian Emphasis Week, Homecoming, Senior Mudslide, and Salute to the Arts. Former events include Fieldigras, which was discontinued circa 2000, Westafest, which was discontinued in 1994, and Big Day Off, which was discontinued in 2010.
Westminster maintains a rivalry with the neighboring Lovett School, as well as other area private schools including Woodward Academy, Marist School, Wesleyan School, Holy Innocents' Episcopal School,and Pace Academy.
Athletics.
Westminster fields 81 athletic teams, including baseball, basketball—boys and girls, cheerleading—fall and winter, crew, cross country—boys and girls, football, golf—boys and girls, gymnastics, lacrosse—boys and girls, soccer—boys and girls, softball, swimming and diving—boys and girls, tennis—boys and girls, track and field—boys and girls, volleyball, squash, and wrestling. For the 2012-2013 school year, Westminster was named the nation's best overall sports program for its eleven state championships and four second-place finishes.
These teams have won 246 state championships since 1951. Westminster has received the Georgia Athletic Directors' Association Directors Cup in its respective classification nine of the ten years it has been awarded, 2000–2008 and 2010, and the GADA Boys and Girls Cup for best all-around boys and girls athletic programs in its respective classification for five years, 2002–2006. The varsity boys' tennis team has won the Georgia State High School AAA State Championship for the past ten seasons, 1999–2009. The boys' team has yielded many Division 1 NCAA scholarship tennis players over the years, and it has won several regional tournaments as well. Head Coach Wade Boggs has been at the helm of the program for 34 years. The Men's & Women's Swimming & Diving teams have won 34 State Championships under coach Pete Higgins, whose accolades through 51 years of coaching include membership in the Georgia Aquatics Hall of Fame, recognition of January 5, 1990 as Pete Higgins Day by the City of Atlanta, among others. Westminster fields the sole varsity squash team south of Woodberry Forest School in Virginia featuring full interscholastic competition; the team placed 16th in the 2004 U.S. National High School Team Championships, held at Yale University, and the Squash Cats also won the title in 2012. The team is coached by Tom Rumpler, a former hardball tour player and current U.S. No. 2 in the 55s-age division.
Extracurricular activities.
Westminster places a great deal of focus on extracurricular clubs and activities, with students and faculty devoting time before, during, and after school to these activities. Among the academic extracurricular pursuits are an academic quiz team, math team, and math honors society.
Only one year of an art is required, but many extracurricular opportunities in that field are available to students, including a vocal ensemble and men's and women's a cappella, as well as a symphonic band, orchestra, and theater program.
Student publications include "The Lynx", the annual yearbook, "The Westminster Bi-Line", a monthly newspaper publication, "Crossroads", a literary magazine in languages other than English, "Embryo", an arts, music, and literature magazine, and "Evolutions," a poetry and creative writing periodical.
Service has received increased focus at Westminster in recent years, centered around a Community Service Club, and 56% of high school students participated in non-required service projects in 2008-2009. Notable service clubs include the Community Service Program and the Environmental Campus Organization, an environmental conservation club focused on educating and affecting environmental change. In addition, the East African Children's Education Fund, which has raised more than $250,000, the largest of any student run charitable organization in the United States, was founded by a Westminster student and Westminster students remain active in its operation.
Political and social advocacy groups have become more active in the previous two election cycles, and include Young Democrats and Young Republicans associations and a Human Rights Club.
Religious and cultural groups on campus showcase the diverse heritage of the student body. A student-run Christian Life Committee oversees that aspect of student life, including many Bible studies and a branch of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes. Other groups of this type include Tikkun Olam, a Jewish fellowship club for Junior High students, Nosh, an all-encompassing religious discussion group, and Far Out Far East, a cultural club that explores Eastern cultures and traditions.
Other clubs include a culinary society, a record-breaking club, and the student-run WCAT Internet television broadcast.
Policy Debate.
The team has won 16 state championships as well as many large national tournaments, including the national Tournament of Champions in 2011(Daniel Taylor and Ellis Allen), 2010 (Daniel Taylor and Ellis Allen), 2009 (Anshu Sathian and Rajesh Jegadeesh), and 2005 (Anusha Deshpande and Stephen Weil). The 2008-2009 team was ranked first in the country and won multiple national tournaments, including the Greenhill round robin, St. Mark's, the Glenbrooks, Ohio Valley, the Barkley Forum for High Schools, and the University of Georgia's tournaments. The team finished first place (both individually and as a team) at the Glenbrooks Tournament, the largest national debate invitational of the fall semester (2005). The team also won the Greenhill tournament, the Greenhill round robin, and the New Trier tournament in 2006. The team also won the National Debate Coaches' Association Championships in 2007 (Stephen Weil and Sanjena Anshu Sathian) and came in finals in the 2007 Tournament of Champions, also receiving top speaker (Stephen Weil). In addition, the Westminster debate team has both won and been in finals of the Novice and Junior Varsity National Championships, held at Woodward Academy annually in 2005, 2007, 2011, and 2012. The team has produced more national championships in the last decade than any other school in the country and has received the Baker Cup, the award for the top ranked team in the country three times, in 2007, 2009, and 2011.
Robotics.
The robotics program at The Westminster Schools began in 2008. The Westminster School's FIRST robotics team now has over 25 awards and recognitions to its name:
Notable people.
Alumni.
Notable alumni of The Westminster Schools include:

</doc>
<doc id="31172258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172258" title="Einar Rose">
Einar Rose

Einar Rose (1898 – 1979) was a Norwegian actor, revue artist, singer and restaurant keeper. He was among Norway's most popular singers, and recorded more than 300 songs between 1927 and 1941. He made his debut in the revue "Regnbuen på Mayol" in 1925. He played at the revue theatre Chat Noir from 1926, and was artistic director at Chat Noir from 1936. Among his best known song performances are "Svigermor og Evensen og kjerringa og jeg", "Sol ute, sol inne", "Ola var fra Sandefjord" and "Nå går'n på gummisåler".

</doc>
<doc id="31172287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172287" title="Yves Bréchet">
Yves Bréchet

Yves Bréchet (; born 1961) is a physicist, specialist of materials science, professor at the Grenoble Institute of Technology, and a member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Biography.
Yves Bréchet graduated from École Polytechnique (1981), École des hautes études en sciences sociales (1992) and obtained his doctoral degree and habilitation from Joseph Fourier University in 1987 and 1992, respectively. 
He is currently a full professor at Grenoble INP/Phelma, an adjunct professor of materials science and engineering at McMaster University (Canada), a senior Research Professor at the Institut Universitaire de France, and a member of the SIMaP (Materials and Processes Science and Engineering) Laboratory with the University of Grenoble.
On November 30, 2010, he was elected to the French Academy of Sciences.
On September 19, 2012, he is named to the position of High Commissioner for Atomic Energy and Alternative Energies by the Council of Ministers of the French Republic, succeeding Catherine Cesarsky.
Activities.
His activities span the fields of physical metallurgy, thermodynamics, microstructures, phase transformations, plasticity, fracture micromechanics, material selection, structural materials design, biointerfaces, structural biomimetics.
He is a member of the international scientific council of ArcelorMittal and the Commissariat à l'énergie atomique, and a scientific advisor to Rio Tinto Alcan, EDF and ONERA.
He is as member of the editorial board of J.Comp.Sim.Mat.Sc.Eng, Materials Science Engineering and Acta Materialia.

</doc>
<doc id="31172290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172290" title="Cornershop and the Double 'O' Groove Of">
Cornershop and the Double 'O' Groove Of

"Cornershop and the Double 'O' Groove Of..." is a 2011 studio album by the British band Cornershop. It follows their 2009 album "Judy Sucks a Lemon for Breakfast". The album had been six years in the making and is a collaboration album with Bubbley Kaur, a previously unrecorded Punjabi singer. The funds for its release were raised via Pledgemusic.
Reception.
The album has, like many previous Cornershop releases, received positive reviews, with its interesting blend of dance and Punjabi music particularly popular. When the track Topknot was released in 2004, the late John Peel, a fan of the band, was said to have "played it to death. "Uncut" were particularly praiseworthy, commenting " isn't just great music, it fuses disparate cultures with such joyous irreverence that, for 40 inspirational minutes, entire notions of national borders and racial divides cease to exist". Mojo said "Kaur came to sing here through chance meetings and filmic, serendipitous intervention from a London cabbie. If this tale ever reaches the cinema, an effervescent soundtrack is ready and waiting". The newspaper Daily Mirror described the album as "a striking blend of dance-crazed hip-hop grooves and trilling, thrilling Punjabi folk. It also introduces the sensational Bubbley Kaur. The previously unrecorded New Delhi-born, Lancashire-raised housewife is possibly the greatest natural new singer you'll hear all year".
"Uncut" placed it at number 48 on its list of the "Top 50 Albums of 2011".
Track listing.
All songs credited to Tjinder Singh and Bubbley Kaur.

</doc>
<doc id="31172321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172321" title="Grêmio Esportivo Anápolis">
Grêmio Esportivo Anápolis

Grêmio Esportivo Anápolis, commonly known as Anápolis, is a Brazilian football club based in Anápolis, Goiás state. The club was formerly known as Grêmio Esportivo Inhumense.
History.
The club was founded on March 15, 1999 as Grêmio Esportivo Inhumense. In 2000 they were promoted to Campeonato Goiano. In 2005 they finished 4th and qualified for the 2005 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, when they were eliminated in the first stage of the competition.
Season records.
Reference:rsssfbrasil
Stadium.
Grêmio Esportivo Anápolis play their home games at Estádio Jonas Duarte. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 17,800 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31172333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172333" title="Dweller (novel)">
Dweller (novel)

Dweller is a 2010 horror novel by Jeff Strand. The novel was nominated for the Bram Stoker Award for Best Novel in 2010. A limited edition hardcover version of the book was released by Dark Regions Press in July 2010, and a paperback version was released by Leisure Books in April 2010.
Plot.
When Toby Floren was eight years old, he discovered a monster living in the woods behind his house. A ghastly, frightening creature with claws, fangs, and a taste for human flesh. As he ran out of the forest, screaming, Toby felt that he'd been lucky to escape with his life. 
Years later, Toby finds comfort with the creature. It's his own special secret-something that nobody else in the world knows about. Somebody to talk to. Somebody to confide in. Sure, Toby has concerns about his own sanity, but really, what boy wouldn't want to be best friends with a monster in the woods, especially if he's being tormented by bullies? The creature, who he names Owen, may be the answer to his problems... 
From Jeff Strand, the author of "Pressure", comes the story of a macabre, decades-long friendship. A relationship that will last their entire lives, through times of happiness, tragedy, love, loss, madness, and complete darkness. 
Dweller. The lifetime story of a boy and his monster.

</doc>
<doc id="31172341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172341" title="Antenna Software">
Antenna Software

Antenna Software is a business mobility solutions provider with headquarters in Jersey City, New Jersey and offices in Guildford, Bangalore, Seoul, Boston, Toronto and Kraków. Founded in 1998, the company expanded rapidly due to a combination of strong organic growth and several high profile acquisitions. It was acquired by Pegasystems in 2013.
Antenna’s core product is the Antenna Mobility Platform (AMP), which is capable of deploying mobile apps, websites and storefronts on behalf of organizations, and which won the GSMA Global Mobile Award for Best Mobile Enterprise Solution at Mobile World Congress 2011 in Barcelona. The most recent iteration of AMP is branded AMPchroma, and launched in February 2012. Antenna claims that AMPchroma is capable of supporting "the full lifecycle" of mobile apps, websites and storefronts.
History.
Antenna was founded in 1998 by Peter Semmelhack, who is now the President and CEO of Bug Labs. Semmelhack originally titled the company ‘Antenna Tool & Die’ and he envisioned developing “mobile and wireless technology to connect people who worked outside a traditional office…to information and resources no matter where they were.” Semmelhack occupied the positions of Chief Technology Officer and Chairman at the company prior to his departure in April 2006.
James Hemmer, current President and CEO for Antenna, has led the company since July 2002. Antenna has since branched out to provide consumer apps and mobile websites for a variety of Global 1000 customers, garnering a position in the “Visionaries” quadrant of Gartner, Inc.’s Magic Quadrant for Mobile Consumer Application Platforms (MCAP) report in June 2011.
In October 2013 Antenna Software was acquired by Pegasystems.

</doc>
<doc id="31172351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172351" title="Nuestra Belleza Tamaulipas 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Tamaulipas 2010

Nuestra Belleza Tamaulipas 2010, was held at the Teatro Amalia Caballero de Castillo Ledón, Cd. Victoria, Tamaulipas on August 14, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Cecilia Ortíz of Reynosa was crowned the winner. Ortíz was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Tamaulipas titleholder, Ana Karen González. Ten contestants competed for the state title.

</doc>
<doc id="31172352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172352" title="Barry Markus">
Barry Markus

Barry Markus (born 17 July 1991 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch road bicycle racer for the team.
Markus left after two and a half seasons, and joined for the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31172365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172365" title="Progressivity in United States income tax">
Progressivity in United States income tax

The United States federal income tax is considered to be progressive because rates of tax increase as taxable income increases.
In general, the U.S. income tax is progressive, at least with respect to individuals that earn wage income.
The lowest earning workers, especially those with dependents, pay no income taxes as a group and actually get a small subsidy from the federal government because of child credits and the Earned Income Tax Credit.
"Progressivity" as it pertains to tax is usually defined as meaning that the higher a person's level of income, the higher a tax rate that person pays. In the mid-twentieth century, marginal tax rates (the rate applied to the last bit of income) in the United States and United Kingdom exceeded 90%. As recently as the late 1970s, the top marginal tax rate in the U.S. was 70%. In the words of Piketty and Saez, "... the progressivity of the U.S. federal tax system at the top of the income distribution has declined dramatically since the 1960s". They continue, "... the most dramatic changes in federal tax system progressivity almost always take place within the top 1 percent of income earners, with relatively small changes occurring below the top percentile."
Progressivity, then, is a complex topic which does not lend itself to simple analyses. Given the "flattening" of tax burden that occurred in the early 1980s, many commentators note that the general structure of the U.S. tax system has begun to resemble a partial consumption tax regime.
Tax distribution.
As of 2010, there were 118.7 million taxpaying households in the United States. The median marginal federal income tax rate is 15%. In addition, there are numerous other federal taxes and transfers that affect one's net tax burden, including federal payroll taxes (both employer share and employees share), Corporate Income Taxes, Excises Taxes, Estate and Gift Taxes, Customs Duties and Miscellaneous Receipts. According to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the median taxpayer in the United States has had an effective overall federal tax burden that has declined from 19.14% of Before-Tax Income in 1979 to 11.20% of Before-Tax Income as of 2010. When simply comparing Market Income to After Tax Income, due to Government Transfers the Net Federal Tax burden of the median taxpayer has declined from 13.94% in 1979 to -8.76% in 2010 - this metric became negative for the first time in 2008.
The CBO report in 2013 shows the share of federal taxes paid by taxpayers of various income levels. The data shows the progressive tax structure of the U.S. federal income tax system on individuals that reduces the tax incidence of people with smaller incomes, as they shift the incidence disproportionately to those with higher incomes. The data is presented in two forms, based on Market Income and based on Before-Tax Income. Before-Tax Income is defined as Market Income plus Government Transfers. Government Transfers include direct cash assistance such as from Social Security, unemployment insurance, Supplemental Security Income, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families veterans’ programs, workers’ compensation, and state and local government assistance programs. Such transfers also include the value of in-kind benefits: Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program vouchers (popularly known as food stamps); school lunches and breakfasts; housing assistance; and energy assistance and benefits provided by Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program.
While the CBO report does combine transfers to one's income for purposes of calculating Before-Tax Income, it does not net out Government Transfers from one's tax liability for purposes of calculating rates based on Market Income. While presentation of income strata based on Before-Tax Income may be technically correct, there are certain unintuitive outcomes; based on the Before-Tax Income metric, an individual with severe health issues that subsists purely on Government Transfers may be considered part of the top one percent of income earners if his healthcare costs exceed the minimum threshold. Based on the data provided by the CBO, the resulting Net Tax liability as compared to income is presented in the accompanying charts. As of 2010, the bottom 99% by Market Income taken as a group had a negative Net Federal Tax burden, while the top 1 percent by Market Income paid in the aggregate 101% of Net Federal Taxes.
If the federal taxation rate is compared with the wealth distribution rate, the net wealth (not only income but also including real estate, cars, house, stocks, etc.) distribution of the United States does almost coincide with the share of income tax - the top 1% pay 36.9% of federal tax (wealth 32.7%), the top 5% pay 57.1% (wealth 57.2%), top 10% pay 68% (wealth 69.8%), and the bottom 50% pay 3.3% (wealth 2.8%).
Other taxes in the United States have a less progressive structure or a regressive structure, and legal tax avoidance loopholes change the overall tax burden distribution. For example, the payroll tax system (FICA), a 12.4% Social Security tax on wages up to $117,000 (for 2013) and a 2.9% Medicare tax (a 15.3% total tax that is often split between employee and employer) is called a regressive tax on income with no standard deduction or personal exemptions but in effect is forced savings which return to the payer in the form of retirement benefits and health care. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities states that "three-fourths" of U.S. taxpayers pay more in payroll taxes than they do in income taxes.
The National Bureau of Economic Research has concluded that the combined federal, state, and local government average marginal tax rate for most workers to be about 40% of income.
Income taxes.
Progressivity in the income tax is accomplished mainly by establishing tax "brackets" - branches of income that are taxed at progressively higher rates. For example, for tax year 2006 an unmarried person with no dependents will pay 10% tax on the first $7,550 of taxable income. The next $23,100 (i.e. taxable income over $7,550, up to $30,650) is taxed at 15%. The next $43,550 of income is taxed at 25%.
Additional brackets of 28%, 33%, 35% and 39.6% apply to higher levels of income. So, if a person has $50,000 of taxable income, his next dollar of income earned will be taxed at 25% - this is referred to as "being in the 25% tax bracket," or more formally as having a marginal rate of 25%. However, the tax on $50,000 of taxable income figures to $9,058. This being 18% of $50,000, the taxpayer is referred to as having an effective tax rate of 18%. Starting in 2013, high income households will also pay an additional medicare surcharge of 0.9% on earned income, and 3.9% on investment income.
The US federal tax system also includes deductions for state and local taxes for lower income households which mitigates what are sometimes regressive taxes, particularly property taxes. Higher income households are subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax that limits deductions and sets a flat tax rate of 26% to 28% with the higher rate commencing at $175,000 in income. There are also deduction phaseouts starting at $112,500 for single filers. The net effect is increased progressivity that completely limits deductions for state and local taxes and certain other credits for individuals earning more than $306,300.
Effective income tax rates.
While the top marginal tax rate on ordinary income is 35 percent, average rates that a household in the upper income bracket pays is less. Much of the earnings of those in the top income bracket come from capital gains, interest and dividends, which are taxed at 15 percent. Also because only income up to $106,800 is subject to payroll taxes of 15.3%, which are paid by the employer and employee, individuals in the upper income bracket pay on average an effective rate not much different than that of other income brackets.
The effective tax rate paid by an individual in the upper income bracket is highly dependent on the ratio of income they earn from capital gains, interest and dividends. As discussed in a Wall Street Journal article, the effective tax rate of income tax directly paid may differ from the effective economic incidence. When all taxes paid to local, state, and federal government are included, low, middle, and high income groups pay a similar share of their income to government. The article, using 2011 estimates of total income received versus total taxes paid, reported that the lowest 20% in income paid 2.1% of total taxes while receiving 3.4% of income. The middle 20% paid 10.3% of taxes while getting 11.4% of the income, and the top 1%, those with yearly incomes averaging $1,371,000, paid 21.6% of taxes while getting 21% of total income. Across eight income groups whose data were reported, the largest difference between total taxes paid and total income received was just 1.7 percentage points.
Capital gains taxes.
In recent years, a reduction in the tax rates applicable to capital gains and received dividends payments, has significantly reduced the tax burden on income generated from savings and investing. An argument is often made that these types of income are not generally received by low-income taxpayers, and so this sort of "tax break" is anti-progressive. Further clouding the issue of progressivity is that far more deductions and tax credits are available to higher-income taxpayers.
A taxpayer with $40,000 of wage income may only have the "standard" deductions available to him, whereas a taxpayer with $200,000 of wage income might easily have $50,000 or more of "itemized" deductions. Allowable itemized deductions include payments to doctors, premiums for medical insurance, prescription drugs and insulin expenses, state taxes paid, property taxes, and charitable contributions. In those two scenarios, assuming no other income, the tax calculations would be as follows for a single taxpayer with no dependents in 2006:
This would appear to be highly progressive - the person with the higher taxable income pays tax at twice the rate. However, if you divide the tax by the amount of gross income (i.e., before deductions), the effective rates are 11% and 23%: the higher income person's rate is still twice as high, but his deductions drive down the effective rate more quickly ((14%-11%)/14% = a 21.4% effective tax rate savings or discount at the low income bracket; (31%-23%)/31% = a 29% effective tax rate savings or discount at the higher income tax bracket).
To make the two tax rates realize an equal savings or discount from taking the maximum allowable deductions, the higher income tax bracket would have to have an effective tax rate of ~24.35% (31%-24.35%/31% = 21.4% or the same discount as the lower tax bracket) instead of 23%. This would necessitate an additional income tax of $1,975 from the higher tax bracket ($200,000*24.35% and equal effective tax rate = $48,700), or an extra 0.99% in this model.
FICA taxes.
Discussions of income tax progressivity often do not factor the payroll taxes (FICA - social security and medicare taxes), which have a "ceiling". This is because these insurance benefits are directly determined by individual contributions over that individual's lifetime. Thus, since payroll taxes serve as direct individual premiums for direct individual benefits, most do not include these taxes in the calculation of the progressive nature of federal taxes, just as they do not include similar private automobile, homeowners, and life insurance policy premiums. Another factor is that the social benefits themselves are paid in a progressive nature; individuals with lower lifetime average wages receive a larger benefit (as a percentage of their lifetime average wage income) than do individuals with higher lifetime average wages. However, if one were to expand the tax distribution example to include social security insurance taxes:
Some lower income individuals pay a proportionately higher share of payroll taxes for Social Security and Medicare than do some higher income individuals in terms of the "effective tax rate". All income earned up to a point, adjusted annually for inflation ($106,800 for the year 2010) is taxed at 7.65% (consisting of the 6.2% Social Security tax and the 1.45% Medicare tax) on the employee with an additional 7.65% in tax incurred by the employer. The annual limitation amount is sometimes called the "Social Security tax wage base amount" or "Contribution and Benefit Base." Above the annual limit amount, only the 1.45% Medicare tax is imposed.
In terms of the effective rate, this means that a worker earning $20,000 for 2010 pays at an effective rate of 7.65% (i.e., $20,000 x 7.65% = $1,530.00), while a worker earning $200,000 pays at an effective rate of only about 4.76% (i.e., the 7.65% rate is multiplied by $106,800, not by $200,000, resulting in a tax of $8,170.20, plus the $1,351.40 tax, at 1.45%, on the remaining $93,200, for a total tax of $9,521.60, which is about 4.7608% of $200,000).
When an individual's Social Security benefit is calculated, income in excess of each year's Social Security Tax wage base amount is disregarded for purposes of the calculation of future benefits. Although some lower income individuals pay a proportionately higher share of payroll taxes than do higher income individuals in terms of the "effective tax rate", the lower income individuals also receive a proportionately higher share of Social Security benefits than do some higher income individuals, since the lower income individuals will receive a much higher income replacement percentage in retirement than higher income individuals affected by the Social Security tax wage base cap.
If the higher income individuals want to receive an income replacement percentage in retirement that is similar to the income replacement percentage that lower income individuals receive from Social Security, higher income individuals must achieve this through other means such as 401(k)s, IRAs, defined benefit pension plans, personal savings, etc. As a percentage of income, some higher income individuals receive less from Social Security than do lower income individuals.
Breakdowns.
These tables show the share of taxes, and effective tax rate, for each quintile of household income.
In addition to the income tax and payroll tax, computations of the tax burden of each segment of the population usually contain estimates of taxes that people do not pay by themselves directly. An example is the corporate income tax, which may be thought of as indirectly taxing the corporation's customers (through higher prices) or its owners (through lower dividends or profits). Another example is excise taxes, e.g. on gasoline, which may be paid from throughout the economy without recording individual contributions.
The Congressional Budget Office computes household taxes as the sum of income tax, payroll tax, corporate income tax, and excise taxes. It attributes corporate taxes to households "according to their share of capital income" and apportions excise taxes "according to their consumption of the taxed good or service." The CBO report shows each part of the taxes (income, payroll, corporate and excise) separately in addition to showing the totals we report here.
Tax burden by income bracket.
The Congressional Budget Office breaks down the 2007 share of the tax burden according to each segment of the population as follows:
Tax burden by household income.
The Tax Foundation produced a similar breakdown for 1991 to 2004. Its computation of comprehensive household income consisted of both market-based income and the net value of government transfer payments, the latter are not part of the CBO's definition. In this report the top quintile earned 41.5% and paid 48.8% of total taxes. The fourth quintile earned 21.0% and paid 22.4%. The third quintile earned 15.4% and paid 14.8%. The second quintile earned 12.2% and paid 9.6%. The lowest quintile earned 9.8% and paid 4.3% of total taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="31172377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172377" title="Iran Liberation Army">
Iran Liberation Army

The Iran Liberation Army (, Azadegan, "Liberty") was an Iranian monarchist organisation which sought to restore the Pahlavi dynasty following the 1979 Iranian Revolution. The group, founded by General Bahram Aryana, was described as the most prominent of the "fundamentalist monarchist" (vice "constitutionalist monarchist") groups following the Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="31172380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172380" title="Jurors (Scotland) Act 1745">
Jurors (Scotland) Act 1745

The Jurors (Scotland) Act 1745 (19 Geo 2 c 9) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, passed during the Jacobite Rising of 1745. Its long title was ""An act for the more easy and speedy trial of such persons as have levied, or shall levy war against his Majesty; and for the better ascertaining the qualifications of jurors in trials for high treason or misprision of treason, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland."" It was one of the Juries (Scotland) Acts 1745 to 1869.
It enacted that anyone who was prosecuted for high treason could be tried anywhere in England, regardless of where they had first been indicted. Under common law a trial had to take place in the county where the crime happened. The preamble to the Act explained that this change to the law was necessary because many prisoners had been moved to other prisons "for safer custody," or taken to London to be questioned, and it would have been inconvenient to transport them all back again. This exception to the rule had first been introduced as a temporary measure in 1715, during the first Jacobite Rising.
The Act also changed the criteria for jury service in trials for high treason and misprision of treason committed in Scotland.
It was repealed by section 2(1) of, and the Schedule to, the Treason Act 1945.
Other legislation.
Another Act in the same year, 19 Geo.II c.26, stated that people named in the Act would automatically be attainted of treason unless they surrendered to the authorities by 12 July 1746.

</doc>
<doc id="31172383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172383" title="CLJ Records">
CLJ Records

CLJ Records is a German independent record label formed in 2006 specializing in Japanese visual kei style rock and metal bands. The label currently has 31 bands signed. CLJ is a sub division of Colosseum Music Entertainment and their head office is located in Nuremberg Germany. In cooperation with the Japanese/German tour promotion company Rock Identity, most of the groups with material released under CLJ Records will also perform live on tour throughout Europe.
The label's concept: "It is our mission to expose the vast number of potential fans to the fascination of Japanese Rock."

</doc>
<doc id="31172388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172388" title="Joe Knotts">
Joe Knotts

Joseph Steven Knotts (March 3, 1884 – September 15, 1950) was a Major League Baseball catcher. He played for the Boston Doves in .

</doc>
<doc id="31172406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172406" title="Kasuga Gongen Genki E">
Kasuga Gongen Genki E

Kasuga Gongen Genki E （春日権現験記絵、かすがごんげんげんきえ） is a set of painted handscrolls (emakimono) that was produced during the early 14th Century (Kamakura period) of Japan, by members of the Fujiwara clan. The work was created in order to honor the deities of Kasuga, with the stories revolving around the Kasuga shrine and Kōfukuji temple, located in Nara. The colourful silk work was made with silver and gold paints and consists of 20 scrolls with 93 sections of text and illustrations, which was completed in 1309.
Meaning of the name.
The term “Gongen” means avatar or deity, while the term “genki” in the title is actually short for “reigenki”; reigenki can be translated into “chronicles of marvelous and supernatural events”. Taken together, the title has been translated into “The Miracles of the Kasuga Deity” or “Illustrated Tales of the Miracles of the Avatars of Kasuga” or the equivalent. And as the title suggests, the work focuses on miraculous events involving the Kasuga Shrine and Buddhist/Shinto deities.
Authorship and history.
The former regent (kanpaku), Takatsukasa (Fujiwara) Mototada, and his three sons wrote the original text, based on stories compiled by a monk named Kakuen of Tōbokuin, in consultation with two other senior monks of Kōfuku-ji (Jishin of Daijōin and Hanken of Sanzōin). 
Mototada copied out scrolls 1-5, 9-13 and 16; the eldest son, Fuyuhira, copied out scrolls 6-8; the second son, Fuyumoto, copied out scrolls 14, 15, 18 and 19; and the fourth son, Ryōshin, copied out scrolls 17 and 18. However, Takashina Takekane, who was the director of the imperial painting bureau (edokoro), created the illustrations. Following the completion of the work, the Minister of the Left (Sadajin), Saionji Kinhira (who was also a brother to Kakuen), dedicated it to the Kasuga Shrine and neighboring Buddhist temple, Kōfukuji, in order to honor the deities and thank them for honoring his home.
When the scrolls were first completed and kept at the Kasuga shrine, the scrolls were carefully protected—with no shrine priest or Kōfukuji monk less than 40 years of age able to view the scrolls. Moreover, if the scrolls were required at Kōfukuji, it was only the Tōbokuin sanctuary that was permitted to receive the scrolls. However, for a while, during the late 18th Century, the scrolls became less carefully looked after. The scrolls were most likely treated more casually because of the decline suffered by Kasuga and Kōfukuji at the time. 
In order to make Kasuga Gongen genki e more accessible to the public, copies of the work began to appear during the Edo period. However, permission from the head of the Fujiwara clan was needed before any copies were allowed. Currently there are 6 known copies to be made: one owned by the Kajūji family, the Yōmei Bunko copy (Yōmei Bunko-bon), the Kasuga copy (Kasuga-bon/Kuwana-bon), the Tokyo National Museum copy (Tōkyō Kokuritsu Hakubutsukan-bon) no. 1, the National Diet Library copy (Kokuritsu Kokkai Toshokan-bon), and the Tokyo National Museum copy no. 2 (3). The original work is of extremely high quality and is kept by the Imperial household.
English Translation.
Royall Tyler has completed a study and complete English translation of Kasuga Gongen genki e, under the title “The Miracles of the Kasuga Deity”, which was published in 1990. Within his translation, Royall Tyler refers to Kasuga Gongen genki as “the Genki”. The first part of the book gives background information on the Kasuga shrine, Kōfukuji, the Kasuga cult and the religious background and context in which the original work was created. The second part of the book gives a complete translation of all 20 scrolls, with annotations to assist the reader in understanding the work.

</doc>
<doc id="31172420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172420" title="A Hereditary Book on the Art of War">
A Hereditary Book on the Art of War

A Hereditary Book on the Art of War (兵法家伝書) is a Japanese text on the theory and practice of swordsmanship and strategy, written by the samurai Yagyū Munenori in 1632. Alongside Miyamoto Musashi's "The Book of Five Rings", it is one of the preeminent treatises on warfare in classical Japanese literature. Similar to Musashi's contemporary work, Munenori's has garnered appeal for its applicability beyond the warrior paradigm.
Content.
The book is divided into three chapters.“The Killing Sword”, addresses force as a remedy to disorder and violence. The following “Life-Giving Sword” considers the role of prevention in conflict. Finally, in “No Sword” the merits of using the environment's resources to one's fullest advantage are explored.
This Chapter of the book discusses things like how higher ground can give an advantage over your foes and how to use inclement weather to your advantage. There are several mentions of how uneven terrain can make all the difference in battle and how a simple thing like a loose stone can turn the table on your enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="31172422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172422" title="Jess Orndorff">
Jess Orndorff

Jesse Walworth Thayer Orndorff (1881–1960) was a Major League Baseball catcher. He played for the Boston Doves in .

</doc>
<doc id="31172430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172430" title="Carrstone">
Carrstone

Carrstone (or carstone, also known as Silsoe and gingerbread) is a sedimentary sandstone conglomerate formed during the Cretaceous period. It varies in colour from light to dark rusty ginger. Used as a building stone it can be found in Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and extensively in the historic buildings of North-west Norfolk.
Carrstone can vary in quality depending on factors such as the degree of iron oxide present, and sufficient pressure to form the matrix. Because of its variations it does not lend itself to carving or finer work. Carrstonework can be seen in buildings as: random carrstone, coursed carrstone, ashlared carrstone, all with, or without, galleting. Other patterns of use are: rough carrstone sipps (slips or brickettes) and cut carrstone sipps, both used in masonry fields between brickwork quoins.
Examples of carrstone work can be found on St Mary's Church, Barton Bendish as well as many other parish churches in the region. Hunstanton and Wolferton feature some interesting examples along with the 'Gingerbread Town' of Downham Market, notably the Grade II Listed Downham Market railway station.
Petrography of carrstone formation.
Ferruginous sandstone with detritial framework grains. Quartz dominated with subordinate feldspar, glauconite and sporadic phosphatic grains.
Silver carr.
Silver carrstone is similar to ginger carrstone in all but colour and ferrous content.
Carrstone iron ore.
East Anglia has had only four workable pockets for iron production. The Carrstone found in Norfolk at Ashwicken and West Runton was considered viable for iron smelting by the Romans. There is also evidence of smelting carrstone in the 14th century at Blakeney Chapel. These were nodular ores which were burnt by the direct method with charcoal in a bloomery furnace with forced air; the iron bloom was taken from the furnace as a spongy mass which was filled with unwanted impurities, these were worked (wrought) out by hand to produce wrought iron.
Carrstone quarries.
Historically, there have been numerous carrstone quarries along the Carrstone belt. Snettisham Carrstone quarry in Norfolk is still active and produces high iron content building stone.
Conservation of carrstone buildings.
Carrstone, as with many other building stones, is vulnerable to decay. There are many factors which influence the life of carr building stone such as the bedding mortar, moisture control and orientation of stone.
Appearance of carr building stone can also be affected by factors such as mortar colour, mortar inclusions, stone shade, orientation in the wall, galletts and shapes of stone.
Construction methods.
Carrstone can be used in much the same way as any other building stone, but with the disadvantages of friability and of being more difficult to cut by hand. Whilst the stone is used as a single leaf for newbuild to reflect the more vernacular buildings, it is more common to see traditional methods of construction which involve an inner and outer leaf with a rubble core fill. This type of wall is referred to as 'solid wall construction', but this is a misleading description due to the two leaves and core fill having different properties from a true solid wall, which is more susceptible to condensation and other damp mechanisms such as penetrating and rising damp.

</doc>
<doc id="31172449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172449" title="Re Anglo-Austrian Printing &amp; Publishing Union">
Re Anglo-Austrian Printing &amp; Publishing Union

Re Anglo-Austrian Printing & Publishing Union 2 Ch 891 is a UK insolvency law and company law case, concerning recovery of assets under a misfeasance action.
Facts.
An official receiver was appointed to pursue the former directors of the Anglo-Austrian Printing & Publishing Union for misfeasance, and other funds. It recovered £7000 in damages for misfeasance and £1200 in calls on unpaid shares from former shareholders. However, a group of debenture holders had not yet been paid. They claimed the money recovered was theirs, given that it first went to the company on which they held charges, and could not be used to pay unsecured creditors before the debentures were paid off.
Judgment.
Vaughan Williams J held, reluctantly, that money recovered during liquidation from in proceedings under section 10 of the Companies (Winding-up) Act 1890 and by calls on contributories, belong to debenture holders charging all the undertaking and property of the company, when total assets are not enough. Costs for such proceedings must be paid first out of money recovered in those proceedings.

</doc>
<doc id="31172461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172461" title="2011 Copa Bionaire">
2011 Copa Bionaire

The 2011 Copa Bionaire was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the fifth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Cali, Colombia between 7 and 13 February 2011.
The 2011 edition was one of the biggest ITF Circuit Tournaments of the year with US$100,000 in prize money.
WTA entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31172470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172470" title="Law of Maximum">
Law of Maximum

The Law of Maximum also known as Law of the Maximum is a principle developed by Arthur Wallace which states that total growth of a crop or a plant is proportional to about 70 growth factors. Growth will not be greater than the aggregate values of the growth factors. Without the correction of the limiting growth factors; nutrients, waters and other inputs are not fully or judicially used resulting in wasted resources.
Applications.
The growth factors are arithmetically additive. The factors range from 0 for no growth to 1 for maximum growth. Actual growth is calculated by the total multiplication of each growth factor. For example, if ten factors had a value of 0.5, the actual growth would be:
If each of ten factors had a value of 0.9 the actual growth would be:
Hence the need to achieve maximal value for each factor is critical in order to obtain maximal growth.
Demonstrations of "Law of the Maximum".
The following demonstrates the Law of the Maximum. For the various crops listed below, one, two or three factors were limiting while all the other factors were 1. When two or three factors were simultaneously limiting, predicted growth of the two or three factors was similar to the actual growth when the two or three factors were limits individually and then multiplied together.

</doc>
<doc id="31172474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172474" title="Bill Oster">
Bill Oster

William Charles Oster (born 1933) is a former American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season.
References.
Bill Oster's father made fighter planes for World War II. He has a brother named John Henry Oster. He had 5 children with Patricia Oster Theresa- John, Debra, Kimberly, and Christopher Oster. Kimberly Oster then had a child named ted Oster and 5 others.

</doc>
<doc id="31172477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172477" title="Bob Brush (baseball)">
Bob Brush (baseball)

Robert Brush (1875–1944) was a Major League Baseball catcher. He played for the Boston Doves in .

</doc>
<doc id="31172479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172479" title="Dead Tooth">
Dead Tooth

"Dead Tooth" is the second episode of the first season of the Fox sitcom "Raising Hope". The episode was written by series creator, Greg Garcia and directed by Michael Fresco. The episode premiered September 28, 2010 on Fox Broadcasting Company. 
In the episode, Jimmy searches for a daycare center for Hope. Through Sabrina, he discovers that Shelley (Kate Micucci), whom he had previously hooked up with, runs a daycare center.
"Dead Tooth" received mixed reviews from critics. According to the Nielsen Media Research, it was watched by 7.09 million viewers.
Plot.
When complaints to the police about him bringing Hope to work with him are made, Jimmy realizes he needs a daycare service for her. The Chances go to Sabrina for help and she directs them to her cousin, Shelley (Kate Micucci), whom Jimmy had hooked up with two years previously. In exchange for free daycare service, Shelley dates Jimmy again, but he has to call it off when he realises his feelings for Sabrina.
Reception.
In its original American broadcast, "Dead Tooth" was viewed by an estimated 7.09 million viewers with a 3.1 rating/8% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49.
There was mixed reviews from critics, though multiple praised the performance of Cloris Leachman as Maw Maw. Many also praised the performance of Kate Micucci and Martha Plimpton. "The Voice of TV" ultimately gave the episode a B+.

</doc>
<doc id="31172481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172481" title="Zenn Valley Railway">
Zenn Valley Railway

The Zenn Valley Railway () is a branch line in the German free state of Bavaria that branches at Siegelsdorf off the Nuremberg–Würzburg railway and runs to Markt Erlbach. It is single-tracked, with a crossing loop in Wilhermsdorf station, and non-electrified. All trains run from and to Fürth Hauptbahnhof. The Zenn Valley Railway was the first "Vizinalbahn" ("neighbourhood railway") in Bavaria and was especially important to the town of Langenzenn due to the brickworks there.

</doc>
<doc id="31172492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172492" title="Opus Eponymous">
Opus Eponymous

Opus Eponymous is the debut album by Swedish heavy metal band Ghost, released on October 18, 2010. Recorded in the band's hometown and produced by Gene Walker, the album was released on the independent record label Rise Above and nominated for a Grammis Award. It was released in North America on January 18, 2011, and in Japan on April 6, 2011. The Japanese release contains an additional bonus track; a cover of The Beatles' "Here Comes the Sun".
Overview.
A Nameless Ghoul explained that the songs on "Opus Eponymous" were written in 2007 and 2008, around two years before the album. It was the songs that caused Ghost to become a theatrical band with their Satanic theme, "Very early on, when the material came together in the project phase before it was actually a band, when it was a logo and a couple of songs, it came together by itself because the material and the lyrics sort of screamed a over-the-top commitment to the dark side. It is hard to make that credible and really eerie. What we thought of when we heard the songs is basically a band that looks the way we do now.", explained a Ghoul. A member said that it was the song "Stand By Him" that heralded the start of the band; "while being together in another band, Ghost started when I played a riff to everybody else. I said that this is probably the most heavy metal riff that has ever existed. Then I showed them the opening riff to “Stand By Him.” When the chorus came to me, it haunted my dreams. Every time I picked up the guitar, I ended up playing that progression, and when I fit the words in, it seemed to cry out for a Satanically-oriented lyric. This was in 2006. When we came up with the name Ghost, it seemed only natural to build on the foundation of this heavy imagery. Within that concept we were able to combine our love of horror films, and of course, the traditions of Scandinavian metal." The songs "Con Clavi Con Dio" and "Genesis" are sped up waltzes.
The album was recorded over the course of a few weeks in a basement studio in the band's hometown Linköping. It was mixed and mastered by Jaime Gomez Arellano (Ulver, Angel Witch) at Orgone Mastering in London. One Nameless Ghoul said "We did the whole thing with a standard Gibson SG," and explained they were limited as opposed to their second album, "which is why a lot of the guitars sound more traditionally metal." Another stated "We played everything through an Orange Thunderverb 50. To get a real Seventies vibe, we backed up the gain as much as possible without losing the tone or the sustain. We found that the midrange was really important as well. That's why we used Orange amps."
Describing why they covered "Here Comes the Sun", a Ghoul said "I've been a fan of Beatles even longer than I've been listening to hard rock, so it made a lot of sense." He explained that the band selects songs to cover based on if they can adapt it into their own; "We sort of found the angle of taking that so and inverting it. And that's something that's sort of the Ghost recipe for doing covers, it has to be a song that has some sort of tongue-in-cheek inversion quality to it. And that song just screamed “cover.”"
The theme of "Opus Eponymous" ties in with the band's second album, "Infestissumam"; "Everything on the first record was about a coming darkness, an impending doom. Whereas the new record is about something present, and literally, the new record deals with the presence of the Anti-Christ, the Devil." The first album ended with "Genesis", the birth of the Antichrist, and "Infestissumam" continues from the Antichrist's birth onwards.
Reception.
"Opus Eponymous" entered the Sverigetopplistan Albums Top 60 chart at number 59, staying on the charts for 5 weeks and peaking at number 50. The album was nominated for the 2011 Grammis Award (the Swedish equivalent to the Grammy Awards) in the "Best Hard Rock" category. In the June 2011 edition of "Sweden Rock Magazine" it was named the third best album in the past decade, with the first two being "The Final Frontier" and "A Matter of Life and Death" by Iron Maiden. The album's cover was declared the fourth best of 2010 by "Revolver" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31172493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172493" title="Patskau">
Patskau

Pа́tskаu (; ) — khutor in Belarus, in Brahin Raion of Gomel Region. Was encluded in Malojinsky selsoviet.
Patskov was excluded from the list of settlements according to decision of Gomelsky oblast government dated of 17 November 2005 № 793.

</doc>
<doc id="31172495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172495" title="Sergey Petrov">
Sergey Petrov

Sergey Petrov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31172510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172510" title="Rock mass rating">
Rock mass rating

The Rock Mass Rating (RMR) System is a geomechanical classification system for rocks, developed by Z. T. Bieniawski [http://www.geocontrol.es/espacio-bieniawski_en.html] between 1972 and 1973. 
It combines the most significant geologic parameters of influence and represents them with one overall comprehensive index of rock mass quality, which is used for the design and construction of excavations in rock, such as tunnels, mines, slopes and foundations.
Definition.
The following six parameters are used to classify a rock mass using the RMR system
Each of the six parameters is assigned a value corresponding to the characteristics of the rock. These values are derived from field surveys and laboratory tests. The sum of the six parameters is the "RMR value", which lies between 0 and 100.
Classification table.
Below is the classification table for the RMR system.
Procedures.
The details for calculating RMR are given elsewhere by edumine and provide a series of tables for RMR determination while the latest charts for the same purpose are given in the references and further reading. In particular, the charts enclosed here for the RMR parameters intact rock strength and the combined parameters RQD and discontinuity spacing (represented by the number of discontinuities per meter), show the advantage of using the charts for better accuracy, rather than relying on the tables which show the average ratings for the ranges of each RMR parameter.
Applications.
Rock Mass Rating RMR has found wide applications in various types of engineering projects such as tunnels, slopes, foundations, and mines. It is also adaptable for knowledge-based expert systems. Engineers informally classify rock structure into two general classifications: "continuous homogenous isotropic linear elastic" (what most geotechnical engineers would like to see) and "discontinuous inhomogenous anisotropic non-elastic" (what most in-situ rock masses actually are). A rock mass rating system provides a method of incorporating some of the complex mechanics of actual rocks into engineering design. 
Moreover, the system was the first to enable estimation of rock mass properties, such as the modulus of deformation, in addition to providing tunnel support guidelines and the stand-up time of underground excavations.
Recently, after over 40 years of use, renewed attention was paid to the RMR System because of its applications to the assessment of rock mass excavability (RME) and, especially, its direct correlation with the specific energy of excavation (SEE) for TBMs used effectively to detect changes in tunneling conditions, in real time, thus serving as a warning of adverse conditions as construction proceeds.

</doc>
<doc id="31172514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172514" title="Robert Fish">
Robert Fish

Robert Fish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31172534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172534" title="Associação Atlética Rioverdense">
Associação Atlética Rioverdense

Associação Atlética Rioverdense, commonly known as Rioverdense, is a Brazilian football club based in Rio Verde, Goiás state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on April 12, 1985. The club finished as Campeonato Goiano runners-up in 1998 and in 2005. They competed in the Série C in 1998, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of the competition.
Stadium.
Associação Atlética Rioverdense play their home games at Estádio Mozart Veloso do Carmo. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 8,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31172546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172546" title="Jan Johnston discography">
Jan Johnston discography

The majority of Jan Johnston's solo material has remained unreleased. The page below catalogues all of Jan's solo releases, both released and unreleased.
Singles.
Paris.
Following the breakup of J.J., Jan returned to the music scene in 1994 with the song "Paris". The single featured two B-sides: "Am I In Love" and "The Prayer". The chorus from "The Prayer" would later be sampled by BT for a track he co-produced with Taylor entitled "Anomaly (Calling Your Name)". This resulted in a complete change of musical direction by Jan.
Alive.
The second and final single from the album "Naked But For Lillies", the CD single included one additional track "When My Hero Dies" and an acoustic version entitled "Still Alive At 3AM". Following disappointing sales, the "Naked But For Lillies" project was scrapped and Jan was left without a record label.
Asking Too Much.
In 1996, producer BT found a copy of "Paris" in a bargain bin and upon hearing "The Prayer" got in touch with Jan to ask for clearance to use a sample for a track he was working on. The two agreed to write together and Jan wrote and sang vocals for three of BT's tracks, "Lullaby For Gaia", "Remember" and "Mercury & Solace (Reach Out)". As a result, Jan became in demand as a vocalist and caught the eye of Paul Oakenfold, who commissioned an album from her. Jan worked with producer Jamie Myerson, with "Asking Too Much" being released in 1998 in America on 12". Strangely, despite Jan being known for her vocals, this release contained only an instrumental and a remix featuring very few vocals from Jan. The original has never been released.
Flesh.
Amongst the tracks on the cutting room floor from Jan and BT was a track entitled "Flesh", and it was decided that this would be the lead track to launch Jan's career despite it not being included on "Emerging" - the album Jan recorded for Perfecto. The track was floated on white label in 2000 and released on April 9, 2001. The track reached number 36 in the UK charts, becoming Jan's first (and to date only) solo Top 40 hit. A video was shot for this single, albeit without Jan featuring in it. The track was also edited down for the video. The original version was never released or on any of the promotional releases. BT offered it as a free download from his website in 2007.
As The Cracks Appear.
In Summer 2001, Perfecto issued a 3x12" promo pack featuring remixes of forthcoming releases. There were two versions of Jan's track "As The Cracks Appear" from the "Emerging" album. A full promo release for this single was never issued and like the majority of Jan's "Emerging" material, remains unreleased.
Silent Words.
The second Perfecto release from Jan, which was released on 16 July 2001 and reached number 57 in the charts. This was the only song from the "Emerging" album that actually saw an official release.
Superstar.
Intended as the first single from "Emerging", this track saw its release pushed back in favour of other tracks. A video was filmed and the track appeared on several compilation albums but ultimately was withdrawn from release. Only one version of the track, the Perfecto Mix, was ever released on a "Best of Perfecto" album. Three of the tracks on a 10-track promotional CD of Todd Terry Remixes are identical despite them having different names.
Am I On Pause.
Following the cancellation of the "Emerging" project, Perfecto decided to release a track that Jan had recorded entitled "Time" for them back in 1999 and had been played in some of Paul Oakenfold's sets. The track entitled "Time" was written by Jan and Rob Davies and produced by Paul de Aragon. The track was renamed "Am I On Pause" and new remixes were commissioned. The track was intended for release in May 2002 but was withdrawn from release.
Flesh 2002.
In October 2002, Perfecto re-released "Flesh" with a new remix by Noel Sanger. The track was released on 12" only and was backed by the DJ Tiesto Mix. It reached 119 in the charts.
Calling Your Name.
Following the continued success of "Anomaly (Calling Your Name)", which sampled the chorus hook from Jan's track "The Prayer", Jan decided to re-write the song, keeping in the chorus hook and writing new verses. The resulting track was released on 12" vinyl by Platipus (who released "Anomaly"), with a 10-track CD available via mail order from the record label's website. This new version of the track was released on 14 April 2003 and reached number 80 in the charts, only nine places lower than where the original version of "Anomaly" had charted in 1996.
Everything I Need.
Following a hiatus, Johnston began recording tracks with Perfecto again. One of the recorded tracks, "Sea Of Dreams", was played on some of Paul Oakenfold's sets in 2008. A promotional CD was distributed via Power DJ with the track entitled "Everything I Need". Notably the radio edit cuts out a whole section of vocals ("The journey begins, I swim across the sea of dreams, Light falls on my skin, Like a lovers rush giving me a touch") despite the track previously being known as "Sea Of Dreams". The track never got past its promotional release due to what Jan and Perfecto called 'politics'.
Happy Ending.
This track was released digitally via Beatport only on 13 March 2009 through Metallic Recordings. Only two remixes were included on the release.
Sleeping Satellite.
Originally entitled "Satellite" and recorded in 2006, this is a cover of the Tasmin Archer song. The track was finally released by Perfecto Digital on 4 August 2009.
Obsession.
Originally recorded in 2006 with Paul Oakenfold, "Obsession" was planned to be a double A-side release with "Halo", a track Jan wrote and recorded for Perfecto back in 1999 (entitled "Religion" at the time), albeit in remixed form. The track was finally released on 1 September 2009 via Perfecto Digital.

</doc>
<doc id="31172553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172553" title="Task Force Kandahar">
Task Force Kandahar

Task Force Kandahar (TFK) was the formation conducting the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) mission in Kandahar Province under ISAF Regional Command South. When it concluded its mission in summer 2011, the formation included a Canadian Forces battle group, three U.S. Army battalions (two of infantry and one of military police), an engineer regiment, a signal squadron, Operational Mentor and Liaison Teams (OMLTs), and contributions to Operational Mentor and Advisory Teams (OMATs) and the Police Operational Mentor and Liaison Team (P-OMLT).
Origin.
Move from Kabul.
On 29 November 2005, the Canadian base Camp Julien in southwest Kabul officially closed. Canadian Forces (CF) components that were in Kabul under Operation Athena were relocated to Kandahar as part of the U.S.-led campaign against terrorism known as Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF). The Canadian component was initially designated Operation Archer. The Canadian Provincial Reconstruction Team (PRT) had already been at Camp Nathan Smith in Kandahar since August 2005. The PRT integrated elements from the Canadian Forces (CF), Foreign Affairs Canada (FAC), the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA), and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP).
Task Force Afghanistan.
In early 2006, Canada's contribution to Operation Archer increased to approximately 2300 personnel. The then-designated Task Force Afghanistan also included a Canadian-led multinational brigade headquarters, designated Task Force Aegis, and Canadian battle group designated Task Force Orion centred on 1st Battalion Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry (1 PPCLI). This time frame also saw the introduction of the M777 howitzer as part of the task force in February 2006. The period was highlighted by Operation Mountain Thrust and Operation Zahara (also designated the First Battle of Panjwaii). 1 PPCLI was given the Commander-in-Chief Unit Commendation from the Governor-General of Canada for "exceptional determination and courage during relentless combat in Afghanistan, from January to August 2006". On 31 July 2006, with the expansion of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) mandate, US-led Coalition forces handed command of the southern region of Afghanistan to Regional Command South. With the transfer of command authority, the majority of Canadian Forces in Afghanistan came again under Operation Athena.
Evolution of Task Force Kandahar.
Task Force 3-06 (Operation Athena Rotation 2).
On 19 August 2006, the 1st Battalion The Royal Canadian Regiment Battle Group (1RCR BG) assumed command of the Kandahar Province area of operations from Task Force Orion. In early September 2006 the task force lead Operation Medusa with the aim to clear Taliban insurgents from a fortified position in Pashmul. For the operation, the battle group was partnered with forces from the United States, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Denmark and Afghanistan. The Battle of Pashmul marked the first time NATO had engaged in combat operations at the battle group-level. In the citation for the Commander-in-Chief Unit Commendation, the battle group had succeeded "where larger forces had failed, they prevented the enemy from realizing their goals of capturing the city and weakening international resolve and cohesion". An Operational Mentor and Liaison Team (OMLT) was formed to work with the 1st Brigade of the 205 "Atul" (Hero) Corps (1/250 Corps), based in Kandahar Province. This surge, along with the deployment of a squadron of Leopard 1 tanks from Lord Strathcona's Horse (Royal Canadians), CFB Edmonton, increased the number Canadian Forces in Afghanistan to 2500. With Brigadier-General Timothy Grant assuming command of the Canadian elements in Kandahar in November 2006 and the construction of Provincial Operations Centre at Kandahar Airfield, the framework for Joint Task Force Afghanistan (JTF-Afg) was in place.
Task Force 1-07 (Operation Athena Rotation 3).
Although the battle group for TF 1-07 was based on 2nd Battalion The Royal Canadian Regiment (2RCR) from CFB Gagetown, the headquarters for Task Force Kandahar was primarily force generated from Land Force Atlantic Area, taking on a greater responsibility than previously rotations' Nation Command Elements. The commander for Task Force Kandahar was also designated Commander Joint Task Force Afghanistan, ultimately responsible for all Canadian Forces personnel and assets deployed in southwest Asia. The task force contributed to Operation Achilles mid-April to
mid-March 2007, the clearing of Taliban fighters from Helmand Province. This offensive action was the largest NATO operation in Afghanistan up to this point. On 15 May 2007, the Canadian OMLT took over full responsibility for the mentoring of 1/250 Corps from the United States Army. In July 2007, the Government of Canada increased its diplomatic presence in Kandahar by appointing Michel de Salaberry as the Representative of Canada Kandahar (RoCK).
Task Force 3-07 (Operation Athena Rotation 4).
Both the headquarters and the battle group were generated from 5 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group (5 CMBG) with Brigadier-General Guy Laroche as the commander. This rotation of the headquarters saw the "digitizing" of the task force, modernizing the command and control information systems within the task force and the standing up of Task Force Kandahar Signal Squadron.
The 3rd Battalion Royal 22e Régiment Battle Group (3 R22eR BG), which was awarded the Commander-in-Chief Unit Commendation, was "instrumental in dismantling improvised explosive device networks, re-capturing checkpoints and returning them to Afghan control, enhancing the capacity of Afghan forces and providing guidance on community building and local governance." On 16 October 2007, the Government of Canada indicated the current mission was to end in 2011.
Task Force 5-08.
Based on headquarters from 2 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group, TF 5-08 was also part of Operation Athena Rotation 5, but as the headquarters were on nine-month tours instead of the standard six, the headquarters were no longer in sync with their respective rotation. The headquarters, although it was involved with force-generation exercises with both Rotation 5 and 6, the Commander, Brigadier-General Denis Thompson, referred to the headquarters as "Rotation 5.5". On the evening of 13 June 2008, Taliban fighters executed a raid on Kandahar’s Sarposa Prison, freeing as many as 1100 prisoners (approximately 400 Taliban).

</doc>
<doc id="31172562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172562" title="Gholam Ali Oveisi">
Gholam Ali Oveisi

Gholam Ali Oveisi (1918 - 7 February 1984) was an Iranian general during the Pahlavi dynasty, prior to the 1979 Iranian Revolution. 
Career.
On 7 September 1978, the Shah, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, appointed Oveisi, then-chief of army staff, as the military governor of the capital city, Tehran. Due to his harsh activities, he was known as "butcher of Tehran". He served as military advisor to the Shah after leaving the post.
Later years and assassination.
In January 1979, Oveisi resigned from his public position and fled Iran. He settled in France just before the Iranian revolution on 11 February. In the immediate aftermath of the revolution, Ayatollah Sadegh Khalkhali, a religious judge and then chairman of the Revolutionary Court, informed the press that the death sentence was passed on the members of the Pahlavi family and former Shah officials, including Oveisi.
Oveisi was one of several Iranian generals who undertook to gain support for a counter-revolution against the new Iranian government in the United States, other Western countries, and the Muslim world. Along with other deposed generals such as Reza Keyvani and Bahram Aryana, Oveisi sought out allies, such as Iran's enemy, Baathist Iraq.
Oveisi was assassinated, along with his brother, Gholam Hussein, on 7 February 1984 in Paris. Oveisi was at the age of 66. The Islamic Jihad claimed the responsibility of the assassination.

</doc>
<doc id="31172573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172573" title="Josef Šťáva">
Josef Šťáva

Josef Šťáva, born on 17 March 1950 in Prague, is a Swiss and Czech entrepreneur, notably active in the medical sector.
He is the founder and owner of blood plasma trading company Diag Human and owns Bechyně Castle, a major Czech touristic attraction.
Diag Human.
Josef Šťáva created in the 1980s the blood plasma company Diag Human, which specialized in the blood plasma business.
The company gained media interest in 1990's, after it filed a complaint against the Czech government for illegally cancelling a tender won by Diag Human.
The Diag Human case, as it has been publicized in the Czech Republic, has not yet been settled and is one of the largest cases of commercial litigation in the history of Czech Republic.
According to Ernst & Young, the Czech state should pay between CZK 2.5 billion and CZK 4.6 billion to Human Diag. This estimation was denied by the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="31172620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172620" title="Woods Runner">
Woods Runner

Woods Runner is a 2010 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen that takes place during the year 1776. It is about a 13-year-old boy named Samuel living during the Revolutionary War whose house is burnt down by British soldiers. When Samuel investigates the scene of devastation, he finds dead bodies. But none of the bodies were his parents. Samuel starts a journey to find his parents in New York. Along the way he saves a little girl named Annie and takes her with him on his journey. Samuel finds his parents and is able to save them with the help of a man named Abner. Samuel's family then adopts Annie as their own daughter. The novel ends by saying that Samuel decided to go to war.

</doc>
<doc id="31172621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172621" title="Norsk Spisevognselskap">
Norsk Spisevognselskap

Norsk Spisevognselskap A/S, often abbreviated NSS or shortened to Spisevognselskapet, was a Norwegian state enterprise which operated restaurant carriages on Norwegian trains and restaurants at railway stations and railway hotels. The company was established in December 1918, and started a catering service in 1919. Originally owned by the Norwegian Trunk Railway, it was acquired by the state in 1926. Meals served in the restaurant carriages were relatively expensive, although they were available to all passengers. In the 1950s, the company began using serving trolleys on trains.
In January 1975, NSS merged with the convenience-store chain Narvesen Kioskkompani into a new company called Narvesen–Spisevognselskapet. This enterprise was partly owned by the Norwegian State Railways (NSB) and Fritt Ord, before it merged with the Reitan Group and was delisted from the Oslo Stock Exchange.
Background.
From the 1854 establishment of railways in Norway to 1909, no dining service was offered aboard trains; passengers were allowed to bring food with them. Train stations also lacked dining facilities. The first dining service was started by restaurateur Carl Christiansen. He established the restaurant at Drammen Station, and in 1907 was asked by NSB to establish a dining service aboard the express trains on the Bergen Line, which would open in 1909. After investigating similar operations in England and Germany, he ordered two carriages from Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk. These were to be paid for by the state, but the Parliament of Norway delayed the grants after a long debate regarding the suitability of restaurant carriages on trains. The plans were opposed by the teetotaler faction of Parliament, but there was a majority in favor of dining service. To get the carriages in time, Christiansen personally guaranteed the production cost in case a state grant was not allocated. After the parliamentary decision, the cost of the carriages was refunded by NSB. In 1910, when President of the United States Theodore Roosevelt visited Oslo to receive the Nobel Peace Prize, several restaurant carriages were ordered solely for the occasion. Two years later, restaurant carriages were put in regular service on the Østfold Line.
Early days.
In 1916, the executive board of the state railways wanted to centralise the operation of restaurant carriages and the most important station restaurants in Norway under one management. The board stated that they wanted to minimise the conflict of interest between the railway company and the dining-car operator. They also saw centralising operations as a way to allocate a larger share of the revenue to the railway company, and to ensure a high quality of service on new lines. At that time the Sørland Line and Dovre Line were in the planning stages, and the NSB intended to introduce dining services on these when they opened. Oslo East Station and its restaurant were operated by the private Norwegian Trunk Railway. In an agreement signed on 18 September 1918 both railway companies agreed that a new restaurant operator would be controlled by the Norwegian Trunk Railway, but this company had to abide by the NSB's decision of how many restaurant carriages to operate on any line.
This model was inspired by Sweden, where a separate dining company had been established; this company paid the railway company part of its revenue and a fixed fee per restaurant carriage. The Swedish model involved including the operation of station restaurants at locations where the restaurant carriages would have depots. On 21 December 1918, A.S Norsk Spisevognselskap was established with a share capital of 200,000 Norwegian krone (NOK). It had 20 shares; 17 were owned by the Trunk Railway, and one by each of three directors: Waldemar Stoud Platou, Gotfred Furuholmen and Christian Emil Stoud Platou—the former representing the Trunk Railway and the latter being director-general of the NSB. In January 1919, Waldemar Platou was appointed chair and Christiansen managing director. The company took over Christiansen's four restaurant carriages and the restaurant at Oslo Ø on 1 April 1919.
On 2 February 1926, Parliament voted to nationalise the Trunk Railway. During the debate, the organisation of Spisevognselskapet was criticised; with the nationalisation, the state became the sole owner of Spisevognselskapet. On 31 March 1927, the Ministry of Labour recommended that the company remain a state-owned limited company; the minority in parliament wanted a state enterprise. During the 1930s, Sigurd Astrup was managing director of Norsk Spisevognselskap. In 1948, Erling Mossige was appointed managing director of the company. He was succeeded by Knut Tvedt in 1960. The company had 75 employees in 1919, and 591 in 1949.
Restaurant carriages.
The restaurant carriages of the NSS were open to everyone, but dining was so expensive that only passengers travelling in first class used the service. Usually, three or four dishes were offered in the restaurant carriages. A four-course dinner cost five Norwegian kroner in the 1920s, which was expensive at the time. Warm dishes, such as soups and sauces, were usually prepared at a small stove in the restaurant carriage's kitchen. On busy days, prepared steaks were delivered from rail depots. The kitchens were staffed by two maids and one attendant. Blocks of ice were often used instead of refrigerators.
With the opening of the Dovre Line, Spisevognselskapet established dining-car service on 25 June 1921. In 1921 a train ride from Kristiania to Trondheim lasted approximately 15 hours, and the average waiting time at each station was between 10 and 15 minutes. On 1 July 1925 dining service was introduced on the Valdres Line, from 1 July 1926 on the Brevik Line, from May 1934 on the Nordland Line and from 15 May 1936 on the Røros Line. In 1948 210,000 meals were served on board, in addition to sandwiches and drinks. The company also offered a light breakfast on night trains on the Kongsvinger, Østfold and Dovre lines. During the Second World War, dining-car service was discontinued.
After the war trains faced competition from aviation and automobiles, and serving trolleys were installed on Norwegian trains. In 1965 cart service on trains was centralised and standardised; food service was faster, and prices were lowered. During the 1970s cafeteria cars were used, where passengers could serve themselves.
Restaurants.
NSS derived most of its revenue from the operation of restaurants at railway stations; in 1939, this amounted to 80%. Initially, the company operated the restaurant at Oslo Ø; from 1921, it also took over operation of the restaurants at Oslo West Station, Hamar, Koppang, Opdal and Elverum. The following year, four more restaurants were added: Støren, Myrdal, Dokka and Hell. NSS also established its first kiosk, at Bergen Station. In 1923, the company was allowed to take over all restaurants in the railway districts of Oslo and Hamar; by 1925, it had taken over operation of the restaurants at Lillehammer, Hønefoss, Jessheim, Kornsjø, Halden, Ski, Eidsvoll, Otta, Dombås, Åndalsnes, Kongsvinger, Trondheim, Rena, Roa, Ringebu, Bjorli and Finse.
After this NSS decided not to obtain many additional restaurants, as it did not see value in such a strategy. From 1930 through 1934 the company took over restaurants at Ål, Jaren, Lillestrøm and Tønsberg, along with dining service on the steamship "Skibladner", which ran on Mjøsa. During the first half of the 1940s it again acquired new restaurants, including the one at Kristiansand Station. In 1940 and 1941 the company made a solid profit, but lack of food from 1942 onwards transformed the profit to a loss. During the late 1940s NSS also took over the restaurants at Drammen and Sarpsborg, as well as the one at Oslo Airport, Fornebu.
Hotels.
In 1919 the Norwegian Trunk Railway operated one hotel, which was built as part of Eidsvoll Station. Operation of the 20-room hotel was taken over by Spisevognselskapet on 14 October 1924. NSB was at the time building the Dovre Line between Oslo and Trondheim, and was considering establishing hotels where the line passed through Dovrefjell. Both Hjerkinn and Fokkstua were considered, but these areas were served by other operators. Instead, Spisevognselskapet established the Oppdal Tourist Hotel adjacent to Oppdal Station and it opened on 28 June 1924. The 60-bed hotel had a floor area of and was marketed as a tourist destination, with bobsleigh and curling during the winter and tennis and croquet in summer. The hotel was closed for part of 1929, because the municipality would not allow it to serve alcoholic beverages.
In Oslo, the company had its offices and workings spread around town. The main depot was at the East Station; the head office was at Fred. Olsens gate 21 from 1919 to 1921, at Kongens gate 29 until 1932, and at Tollbodgaten 24 until 1938. Management wanted to centralise both a new depot and administrative offices at a single location close to the railway station, preferably co-located with a hotel. In 1936 work began on a hotel at Jernbanetorget, but the project was cancelled. The proposed hotel would have had 100 rooms across the street from Oslo Ø. However, the plans were blocked by Parliament (which was opposed to the state railway operating hotels). Instead, the administration moved into Nylandsveien 10, in a new building built on a lot owned by NSB.
In Bergen the company established Hotel Terminus Bergen along with other investors, but the hotel failed to make money. In the late 1940s the company bought Grand Hotell Bellevue in Ålesund, and later operated Saltfjellet Tourist Hotel for a short period. In 1952, Oslo Municipality's Viking Hotel was completed, and Spisevognselskapet was selected as the operator. It remained the hotel's operator until 1976 when the government sold it to Eiendomsinvest, which outbid Spisevognselskapet by several million krone.
Dissolution.
Narvesen had an exclusive agreement with NSB to operate newsagent's shops at all railway stations, except in stations with restaurants, which were operated by Spisevognselskapet. Narvesen had a near-monopoly on newsagents in Norway, and rented facilities in many public places. The owners of Narvesen intended to create a foundation to obtain the company; when plans for this started in 1972, they had difficulties finding a way to transfer shares to the foundation without having to pay tax on the transaction. However, the tax laws permitted a tax-free transaction if it was part of a restructuring. A merger with Spisevognselskapet would be considered a restructuring, and in 1974 Fritt Ord was established to take over Narvesen's owners' share of the company. The agreement between Narvesen and NSB was made in July 1974; in December it was passed by Parliament, although the Conservative Party and Progress Party voted against the merger. A.S Narvesen–Spisevognselskapet was established on 1 January 1975. Fritt Ord owned 50% of the new company and NSB 41%. It assumed the Narvesen name in 1979.
By the late 1980s, the company had sold all its hotel operations. The merged company retained the obligation to operate dining services on the trains, which throughout the 1980s necessitated considerable subsidies from NSB. In 1988, NSB decided to organize the operation of the dining services through tendered contracts; the first contract (from 1990 through 1995) was won by TogService, a Narvesen subsidiary. The owners had an agreement that neither could sell without the approval of the other. In 1995 NSB sold its shares with Fritt Ord's approval, and the company was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
In 1999, Fritt Ord reduced its stock share in Narvesen from 51% to 34%. In the fall of 2000, Fritt Ord accepted a proposal to merge Narvesen with the Reitan Group. The merged company was named ReitanNarvesen; Fritt Ord held 16.2% of its shares. In November 2001 Fritt Ord sold its shares of ReitanNarvesen, which was renamed Reitan Handel and delisted from the Oslo Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="31172645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172645" title="Jim Oglesby">
Jim Oglesby

James Dorn Oglesby (August 10, 1905 – September 1, 1955) was an American Major League Baseball first baseman, appearing in three games for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="31172652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172652" title="District courts in Albania">
District courts in Albania

The District courts in Albania () are the first level of justice in the Judicial system of Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="31172656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172656" title="John F. Healy">
John F. Healy

Professor John Healy was a senior scholar and graduate of Trinity College, Cambridge. He served in the Army (Intelligence Corps) then entered an academic career in Classics/Classical Archaeology at Manchester and London Universities. He was the sometime curator of Greek coins at Manchester Museum and President of the Windsor Art Society. He was Dean of the Faculties of Arts and Music and Chairman of the combined Classics Departments of Royal Holloway and Bedford College. He was Emeritus Professor of Classics, University of London and the author of numerous books and articles. 
Books Published.
(1978): Mining and Metallurgy in the Greek and Roman World, Thames and Hudson, London, ISBN 0-500-40035-0
(1991): Pliny The Elder Natural History, Penguin, Harmondsworth, ISBN 978-0-14-044413-1
(2000): Pliny The Elder On Science And Technology, Oxford University Press ISBN 978-0-19-814687-6 

</doc>
<doc id="31172664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172664" title="Graham Johnston">
Graham Johnston

Graham Johnston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31172665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172665" title="Chris Fox">
Chris Fox

Chris Fox is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the National Professional Soccer League and USL First Division.
Fox attended Brown University where he was a 1995 First Team All Ivy soccer player. After graduating from Brown, Fox signed with the New York Fever of the A-League. The Fever waived Fox in August 1996 and the Atlanta Ruckus immediately signed him. In addition to his outdoor career, Fox also played indoor soccer. In January 1995, the Buffalo Blizzard selected Fox in the fourth round of the National Professional Soccer League amateur draft. He signed with the Blizzard in 1996. On February 6, 1998, the Blizzard released Fox to allow him to pursue a possible contract with the Dallas Burn. By then he was also playing for the Richmond Kickers of the USISL. He signed with the Kickers in April 1997 and played for them through the 2005 season. In 2001, he was First Team All League. In February 1, 1998, the Dallas Burn selected Fox in the first round (tenth overall) of the 1998 MLS Supplemental Draft, but was released during the pre-season.

</doc>
<doc id="31172675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172675" title="2005 CONCACAF and CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship">
2005 CONCACAF and CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship

The 2005 CONCACAF and CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship also known as the 2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualifiers for (CONCACAF and CONMEBOL) was the first beach soccer championship for the Americas, held in March 2005, in Rio de Janerio, Brazil.
Hosts Brazil won the championship, beating Uruguay in the final, whilst the United States beat Argentina in the third place play off to finish third and fourth respectively. These nations moved on to play in the 2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from May 8 - May 15.
Participating nations.
CONCACAF:
CONMEBOL:

</doc>
<doc id="31172678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172678" title="Al Shaw">
Al Shaw

Al Shaw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31172703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172703" title="São José de Ribamar Esporte Clube">
São José de Ribamar Esporte Clube

São José de Ribamar Esporte Clube, commonly known as São José, is a Brazilian football club based in São José de Ribamar, Maranhão state.
History.
The club was founded on June 14, 2007. The club finished as runners-up in the 2007 Campeonato Maranhense Second Level, losing the competition to Itinga, and finished in the third position in the 2008 Taça Cidade de São Luís.
Stadium.
São José de Ribamar Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Nhozinho Santos, in São Luís. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 16,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31172704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172704" title="Acher Valley Railway">
Acher Valley Railway

The Acher Valley Railway () is a 10.4 km long branch line from Achern to Ottenhöfen im Schwarzwald in the Black Forest in Germany that branches off the Rhine Valley Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="31172712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172712" title="Sony Ericsson Xperia pro">
Sony Ericsson Xperia pro

The Sony Ericsson Xperia pro is an Android smartphone from Sony Ericsson which was launched in October 2011. The Xperia Pro has a capacitive touch-screen, slider keyboard, smart phone with mobile BRAVIA engine which optimises the picture and runs at a resolution of 854×480 pixels, a 1 GHz Snapdragon processor, an 8.1 mega-pixel camera, a dedicated Two-step camera key, USB host port, HDMI-out, 512 MB of onboard RAM, and an 8 GB microSD card (expandable up to 32 GB). The Sony Ericsson Xperia Pro is available in black, silver, or red.
Overview.
The Xperia Pro comes pre-installed with the Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) operating system. As of June 2012, Sony Xperia Pro users can upgrade their phone through Sony Update to Android 4.0.4 (Ice Cream Sandwich).
A number of users have, after upgrading to Android 4.0.x Ice Cream Sandwich, encountered a problem with the QWERTY physical keyboard being changed to AZERTY format and vice versa. This issue has been resolved as of 1 September 2012.
It has one front facing camera, one rear camera with flash, and a back-lit, sliding, qwerty keyboard – just like other Xperia pro variants.
The display features a Sony Mobile BRAVIA Engine which allows users to view pictures and video on the 3.7" Reality display
It also features an Exmor R sensor that allows for the capture of high definition movies and stills in low lit areas, which can then be shown in HD on a TV via the HDMI connector.
Reception.
The Xperia Pro was first revealed on 13 February 2011, a day before MWC 2011, along with Xperia Play and Xperia Neo.

</doc>
<doc id="31172714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172714" title="Last Days of the Coliseum">
Last Days of the Coliseum

Last Days of the Coliseum is a 2010 documentary film directed by Rich Hanley and narrated by Brian Smith that explores the history of the New Haven Coliseum and its role in southern New England culture. The Coliseum was officially closed on September 1, 2002 by Mayor John DeStefano, Jr., and demolished on January 20, 2007.
Background.
Hanley made the decision to film the documentary of the New Haven Coliseum back in 2005 when it was announced the massive exposed steel building would be demolished, because of the structure being a Connecticut cultural icon. The film took five years to complete. Featuring interviews with Coliseum architect Kevin Roche, World Wrestling Entertainment hall-of-fame ring announcer Howard Finkel and concert promoter Jim Koplik, the documentary reveals how the Coliseum rose amid the cultural upheavals of the 1960s but settled in as the home office for baby boomers in the 1970s and 1980s. The film premiered on November 8, 2010, on Connecticut Public Television (CPTV) and has subsequently been re-broadcast several times, as well as being screened locally. The film was shot entirely in high-definition. A 120 minute extended cut of the film is available on DVD.
Reception.
"New Haven Register" wrote that while the documentary covers many of the events that took place in New Haven Coliseum, it also covers "the history and culture that forged New Haven’s hulking, rust-colored sports-and-entertainment palace," and that film "plays out in fascinating detail. Like any great documentary, the story explodes out to a history of New Haven in the latter half of the 20th century, particularly within the context of baby boomers’ cultural upheavals."
"New Haven Independent" writes that at "first glance "The Last Days Of The Coliseum" feels like a look backward," as the film takes the viewer "back to the rock-and-hockey palace’s roots at the former New Haven Arena, through the building’s noisy and ultimately catastrophic three decades of operation (hockey teams kept folding; the airborne garage starting crumbling in its second decade), ending with that unforgettable blast on a January morning in 2007." Noting that the film covered former New Haven mayor Richard C. Lee's wishes to "rebuild New Haven with dramatic, towering edifices", and how filmmaker Rich Hanley reminds the viewer of all the "famous rock acts and short-lived hockey teams and circuses" that brought thousands to the "concrete fortress that greeted drivers entering downtown." But they note that the film is more nostalgia, and wrote that "the most enduring presence isn’t the building, but a now elderly man named Kevin Roche, the famous architect who moved here to build the New Brutalist behemoth. He sat for Hanley’s camera and demonstrated the human spirit that animated that concrete monster."

</doc>
<doc id="31172717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172717" title="Miss Dominican Republic 2012">
Miss Dominican Republic 2012

Miss República Dominicana 2012 was held April 17, 2012 in "Renaissance Auditorio de Festival del Hotel Jaragua", Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The Miss República Dominicana 2012 winner will represent the Dominican Republic in Miss Universe 2012. The First Runner-up or Miss Continente Dominicana will enter Miss Continente Americano 2012. The Second Runner-up or Miss RD Hispanoamericana will enter Reina Hispanoamericana 2012. The Third Runner-up will enter Miss Globe International 2012. The Fourth Runner-up or Miss RD América Latina will enter Miss América Latina 2012. The winner was crowned by Dalia Fernández, "Miss Dominican Republic 2011".
Results.
"* Was voted into the Top 15 by popular votes thru Text Messaging."
Other pageant notes.
Crossovers.
The Candidates who previously competed in other beauty pageants or are expected to:

</doc>
<doc id="31172729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172729" title="C-Murder discography">
C-Murder discography

This is the discography of C-Murder, an American rapper; consists of seven studio albums, nine singles, Music videos, one mixtape, and guest appearances are also included. He also the founder of the Vanity label TRU Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31172733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172733" title="John Kelly (outfielder)">
John Kelly (outfielder)

John Benedict Kelly (March 13, 1879 – March 19, 1944) was a Major League Baseball player.

</doc>
<doc id="31172744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172744" title="Nathan Theodore Fielding">
Nathan Theodore Fielding

Nathan Theodore Fielding (fl. 1775–1814), was an English painter.
Life.
Fielding was a native of Yorkshire, and lived near Halifax. He had a considerable local reputation, and was especially noted for his portraits of aged people in the style of Balthasar Denner, with attention to the wrinkles of the skin and expression of the eyes. He later went to London, and occasionally exhibited at the exhibitions of the Society of Artists and the British Institution. To the latter he sent in 1812 "The Botanist, with a Nondescript Fern", and "A Moonlight Seacoast". In 1814 he exhibited for the last time, sending "A Landscape – Morning".
In 1801 he published a print of St. George's Church, Doncaster, which was aquatinted by his son Theodore. He occasionally etched, notably a portrait of Elias Hoyle of Sowerby in Yorkshire, at the age of 113, in 1793. There are several oil paintings by Fielding in the Peterborough Museum and Art Gallery, including a panoramic view of Stamford, Lincolnshire, entitled "Hay Harvest at Stamford" painted in about 1780 and a view of the Market Square in Peterborough.
Fielding had five sons, all artists, including Theodore Henry Adolphus, Antony Vandyke Copley, Thales, and Newton Smith Fielding.

</doc>
<doc id="31172752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172752" title="Tatiana Najera">
Tatiana Najera

Tatiana Najera Cardona is a Colombian model born on July 17, 1988 in Cartagena is a contestant of Miss Colombia 2010, where he held the third place finalist (second princess) so may participate as 2011 Miss Intercontinental Colombia.
Biography.
Nájera Tatiana Cardona, was born in Cartagena. She is the daughter of Edgar Cardona Liliana Najera Porto and Sierra. Has 2 brothers, Karina and Daniel. Make a Master in International Business and Integration in the same university. Fluent in English and French and has knowledge of Italian. Has a boyfriend, has spent two years with him and is very much in love.
Queen's Life.
Miss Colombia.
As host Tatiana performance Najera for his charisma and smile exotica which took her to get 9.7 in evening dress and 9.7 in bathing suit, which was given the honor to represent Colombia at Miss Intercontinental

</doc>
<doc id="31172755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172755" title="Videophone Inspection Program (VIP) and Outlying Area Reporting Station (OARS)">
Videophone Inspection Program (VIP) and Outlying Area Reporting Station (OARS)

The Videophone Inspection Program (VIP) is a U.S. Customs and Border Protection program that enables boaters entering the United States from Canada to be inspected face-to-face by a CBP inspector upon arrival at a selected reporting station. The program was designed to facilitate the legal entry of pleasure boats into the United States that had not been issued a Form I-68.
History.
In June 1997, the US Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) was mandated by Congress to design, develop and deploy a series of videophone inspection stations at four specific marinas along the US-Canada border in time for the 1997 boating season. In support of the INS, The US Department Of Transportation's Volpe Center designed and developed a weatherproof videophone system using commercially available components. The systems were first deployed in Morristown, Waddington, Ogdensburg and Clayton, New York, with installation completed on July 3, 1997.
The videophone system uses a video transceiver developed by 8x8 and is housed within a Gaitronics weatherproof housing. Commercially available video screens and other electronic components are also used.
In 1998, the INS directed its contractor Electronic Data Systems to develop another videophone system. This system was called the Outlying Area Reporting Station (OARS), and it was installed on the shores of Grand Lake in Orient, Maine. It features a card-reading unit and amplified speakerphone audio, but the video transmission is only one-way. This design was not deployed elsewhere; however, the OARS name is sometimes used to describe the current overall videophone program.
From 1998 to 1999 the INS decided to expand the deployment of their VIP system, and by the end of 1999 the system was deployed at the following 33 locations: 
Current status.
Customs and Border Protection continues to operate and maintain the Videophone Inspection Program, mostly at the same locations. The systems at Angle Inlet, MN are also used to inspect motor vehicles passengers arriving from Canada because there is no port of entry at the border. 
Today videophones can be found at or near most of the original deployment locations. Other locations have been added over the years, including Dunkirk, Sodus Point, Point Breeze and Rochester, NY and Mackinac Island, MI. The design has changed little from the original rapid prototypes of 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31172772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172772" title="UniPROBE">
UniPROBE

The Universal PBM Resource for Oligonucleotide-Binding Evaluation (UniPROBE) is database of DNA-binding proteins determined by protein-binding microarrays.

</doc>
<doc id="31172773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172773" title="Theodore Henry Adolphus Fielding">
Theodore Henry Adolphus Fielding

Theodore Henry Adolphus Fielding (1781 – 11 July 1851) was an English painter, engraver, and author.
Life.
Fielding was the eldest son of Nathan Theodore Fielding. Like his brothers Copley and Thales he painted in water-colours, and in 1799 sent to the Royal Academy "A View of the North Tyne, near Billingham, Northumberland". In 1814 he sent to the British Institution "A Sleeping Bacchus". He continued to exhibit at both exhibitions, but it is sometimes difficult to distinguish his works from those of his younger brother, Thales Fielding. 
In 1826 he was appointed teacher of drawing and perspective at the East India Company's Military Seminary at Addiscombe. He was popular with the cadets, and was nicknamed "Johnny Bleu" (from his Frenchified pronunciation of that colour).
He lived at Croydon, in the neighbourhood of Addiscombe, until his death on 11 July 1851, at the age of seventy.
Works.
Fielding worked also in stipple and aquatint, and published numerous sets of engravings in the latter style, including a set of views as illustrations to "Excursion sur les côtes et dans les ports de Normandie", after Bonington and others; "Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancashire Illustrated" (44 plates, 1822); "A Series of Views in the West Indies" (1827); "Ten Aquatint Coloured Engravings from a work containing 48 Subjects of Landscape Scenery, principally Views in or near Bath, painted by Benjamin Barker" (1824); "British Castles; or, a Compendious History of the Ancient Military Structures of Great Britain" (1825); "A Picturesque Tour of the River Wye, from its Source to its Junction with the Severn, from Drawings by Copley Fielding". 
Fielding also published some works on the practice of art:

</doc>
<doc id="31172789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172789" title="Treason Act 1743">
Treason Act 1743

The Treason Act 1743 (17 Geo.II c.39) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain which made it high treason to correspond with any of the sons of James Francis Edward Stuart ("The Old Pretender"), who claimed to be king of Great Britain and of Ireland. His sons were Charles Edward Stuart ("The Young Pretender") and Henry Benedict Stuart (who, after his elder brother's death in 1788, never asserted a claim to the throne).
Provisions.
Section 1 enacted that after 1 May 1744 it was treason for anyone to "hold, entertain, or keep any intelligence or correspondence in person, or by letters, messages or otherwise" with any son of the Old Pretender, or any of his employees, "knowing such person to be so employed," or to give them money, whether in Great Britain or elsewhere.
Section 2 provided that from the same date, any son of the Old Pretender who landed or attempted to land in Great Britain or Ireland, "or any of the dominions or territories belonging to the crown of Great Britain," or who was found there or in any ship with intent to land there, would be guilty of treason.
Section 3 amended section X of the Treason Act 1708. This section had originally provided that after the death of the Old Pretender, "no attainder for treason shall extend to the disinheriting of any heir, nor to the prejudice of the right or title of any person or persons, other than the right or title of the offender or offenders, during his, her, or their natural lives, only..." "(See corruption of blood.)" The 1743 Act postponed the operation of this clause until after the death of all of the Old Pretender's sons (which occurred in 1807), instead of his own death (in 1766). (The 1708 and 1743 Acts were amended in turn by the 1799 Act "39 Geo.3 c.93", which repealed these provisions.)
Section 4 stated that offences committed out of Great Britain could be tried anywhere in Great Britain.
Previous legislation.
Four previous statutes had made similar provision in respect of the Old Pretender and his father, the late King James:

</doc>
<doc id="31172854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172854" title="Sarah Raphael">
Sarah Raphael

Sarah Natasha Raphael (10 August 1960 – 10 January 2001) was an English artist best known for her portraits and draughtsmanship.
Early life.
Raphael was born on 10 August 1960 in East Bergholt, Suffolk – in the same birthplace village as John Constable, the renowned landscape painter, who was born in 1776. Her father is Frederic Raphael — screenwriter, novelist and journalist.
Sarah was educated at Bedales School (Steep, Hampshire), and subsequently studied art at Camberwell School of Art, London, 1978 – 81, graduating with a First Class Honours Degree.
Career.
Raphael worked in several media and in both figurative and abstract styles. As a portrait painter she gained recognition at the highest level and is featured on the The National Portrait Gallery's website. Charles Saumarez Smith, director of the National Portrait Gallery, called her "one of the finest figurative artists of the generation".
She was an accomplished, assured draftsman. A survey of her work is provided by the book, "Sarah Raphael Drawings", published by Carcanet Press Ltd, October 2004. As William Boyd has written of her figurative works, "You can tell how good they are yourself: you don't need the imprimatur of a gallery or a dealer or a patron."
Initially notable for her portraits, Raphael's paintings became progressively more abstract, especially evident through the series: "Desert Paintings" (mid-90s), "STRIP!" (1997) and "Time Travel for Beginners" (2000).
Of particular note of her prints (etchings and monotypes) are the "Small Objects" works, which relate to the "STRIP!" paintings. She illustrated books written by her father, Frederic, "The Hidden I: A Myth Revisited" in 1990 and "Of Gods and Men" in 1992.
She has works hanging in the Metropolitan Museum in New York and in several large corporate collections as well as London's National Portrait Gallery. By 1995, she was so much in demand that her paintings were fetching £50,000
Later life.
Her experience of migraines and their influence on her work were the subject of journalism and medical research, the latter in a paper, "Sarah Raphael's Migraine with Aura as Inspiration for the Foray of her Work into Abstraction", by Klaus Podoll and Debbie Ayles - Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, RWTH Aachen University Pauwelsstrasse 30, 52074 Aachen, Germany.
Personal life and death.
Sarah married Nick McDowell in 1985 and they had three daughters.
She died from septicaemia following pneumonia, aged 41, on 10 January 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31172865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172865" title="Aleksandar Obradović (journalist)">
Aleksandar Obradović (journalist)

Aleksandar Obradović (born January 12, 1956 in Sarajevo) is a Yugoslav writer and painter. After studying journalism and philosophy and following a two-year tenure at the newspaper "Oslobođenje" he became a cultural editor on Radio and Television Sarajevo where he continued his journalistic work until the beginning of civil war in Bosnia. During this time he finished his studies in aesthetics at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy published short stories, essays and poems; and was involved in the implementation of stage plays in several theaters of Sarajevo.
Leaving the war zone, he settled in 1992 in Frankfurt, where he took various jobs as a cook, bouncer and bodyguard. After a short stint with the diasporas-daily "Vesti", he accepted the position of the responsible editor in chief of the weekly newspaper "Spona". A short time later, he published his first novel, "On which side is Walter" (Na čijoj je strani Valter), an autobiographical statement about the experience of war in his homeland. In the following year the novel “Icarus Dream” (Ikarov san) was published, which consists of two simultaneous stories, one about a refugee and the other which takes place during the siege of Sarajevo. On the basis of his literary work, he was admitted to membership in the Association of Writers of Serbia. He continued his journalistic work as an editor of the foreign edition of the Belgrade daily "Politika Ekspres" and in the same time exhibited his paintings, mostly watercolors, painted during his stay in Germany. 
At the end of 2002 Obradović moved to Munich, where he began to work again in his prime media area as editor of the Balkan broadcast on radio station "Lora" At the same time he released the poetry book “In the foreign garden” (U tuđem žardinu) and a novel written in German "In the Shadow of the Rainbow" (Im Schatten des Regenbogens). It followed theoretical study in the field of visual art and aesthetics – “The liberation of form and formalism in art theory” (Oslobođenje forme i likovni formalizam).
After 2000, Obradović dealt with documentaries for the production company "Preview Production" and worked among others in the realization of the first episodes of the series "Die Ludolfs", the Pro7 Reportage “The Gangs of Frankfurt” and the BR-documentary “With Allah in the fight for oil”. 
In 2010, after four years of writing, Obradović finished the last book in his anti-war trilogy, and published it under the title "Of God and Marbles" (O Bogu i klikerima).The book connects two wars, the Second World War and the war in Bosnia, with each other and provides a vivid and intricate character study of the Balkan region.

</doc>
<doc id="31172870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172870" title="Edward Bury (disambiguation)">
Edward Bury (disambiguation)

Edward Bury was a locomotive manufacturer.
Edward Bury is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31172872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172872" title="Chromagraphy">
Chromagraphy

This article is essentially a testimony on the work of Rouget de Lisle, visionary in its enlightened synthesis of the production of faithful works by efficient industrial means. The chromagraphy is " the art to compose a drawing by means of lines and geometrical figures and to imitate it with colored materials ", according to Rouget de Lisle. This technique described in 1839 in France, in Paris, exposes a set of methods and of processes to produce tapestries and tissues. It includes the following techniques:
Definitions.
Chromagraphie: art to compose a model by means of lines and of geometrical figures, and to imitate it with colored materials. Rouget de Lisle described its process of composition and printing of works in color on paper, pattern and tissues as allowing to save 50% of time with regard to a manual realization.
Etymology.
The word chromagraphy comes from ancient Greek Khrôma which means "color" and Graphein who means "writing". This etymology is comparable to that of the scientific term "chromatography", appeared only in 1908 and which must not be confused with the chromagraphy of Rouget de Lisle.
History.
The intention of Rouget de Lisle was " to create a funny and lucrative activity to the ladies and to the artists colourers “by developing the work of the color” by the composition of tasteful models which make them love and look for " and by propagating " the feeling and the love of the beautiful ".
He began to gather and to classify the knowledge of the painters and the manufacturers of tapestries to realize their works of a "pleasant, economic and complete" way. These works ending in the chromagraphy benefited from the support of big names of the domain in the time, among which the administrator of the royal factory of Tapestries (Manufacture des Gobelins), Mr Lavocat, the director of the dyes of the royal factories, Mr Chevreul, the foreman of the royal factory of tapestries, Mr Deyrolles, with his son, painter of the models of carpet. Rouget de Lisle was itself a pupil of Mr Chevreul.
Principle.
The general principle is to simplify the complete chain leading from a work to its reproduction on the another support, as the carpet or the tissue. Rouget de Lisle attempts to refocus the work of the various workers on tasks with values added, as well for the persons as for their productions. He brings a particular attention to the quality throughout the process, in particular on the management of colors and their exact reproductions. He exposes " the law of the simultaneous contrast " and the "chromatic Table" allowing to end in quality printings. He so obtains 200 tints all in all. These 200 tones are codified by a language allowing their fast reproductions during the preparation of tapestries. The drawing of the work to be reproduced completed by the symbols of tints of every points constitutes the chromagraphy. This system reminds the modern description of a computer file of Bitmap type or GIF 8 bits. Rouget de Lisle also integrates signs for the various types of points to be realized.
Example.
Example of Chromagraphy by Rouget de Lisle : (to be done)
One of the tables of signs symbolizing tints: (to be done)
One of the tables of tones according to the rules of the simultaneous constrate exposed(explained) by Rouget de Lisle in his work on the chromagraphie: (to be done)
Notes and references.
All the extracts and examples of Rouget de Lisle result from a reproduction of its work published in 1839, on Chromagraphy (see the external references). The chromagraphy in its spirit and its principle gets closer to digital arts appeared since the end of 20th century computer paintings, prints, drawings, etc.). The chain of digital printing from a file of digital image recall the mechanical production line described by Rouget de Lisle, but in a computer and a modern industrial machine, such as a printer, a weaver, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31172879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172879" title="Re Oasis Merchandising Services Ltd">
Re Oasis Merchandising Services Ltd

Re Oasis Merchandising Services Ltd Ch 170 is a UK insolvency law and company law case, concerning wrongful trading.
Facts.
The liquidator brought proceedings against 5 individuals, alleged to be directors or shadow directors, amounting to lots. It tried to assign the claims to a specialist litigation company London Wall Claims Ltd, so that in return for the fruits of the litigation, they would bear the cost. The directors being sued claimed that the assignment was unlawful, as it was champertous (i.e. the wrong of getting an uninterested party involved in a lawsuit for money). Robert Walker J allowed the agreement provisionally, but allowed an appeal to the Court of Appeal to answer whether the assignment was champertous or not. London Wall Claims Ltd argued that although the agreement may be champtertous, under the Insolvency Act 1986 Schedule 4, para 6, the liquidator had the power to sell any of the company's property, and that must include the fruits of a wrongful trading action under section 214. Alternatively, the agreement was an act necessary for the course of winding up, and there would be power under the Insolvency Act 1986 Schedule 4, para 13. The directors argued that the section 214 action was not company property.
Judgment.
The Court of Appeal held that the assignment of the claim was not proper. The claim under s 214 is only vested in the liquidator. It arises solely when a company goes into liquidation and it would be champertous and against public policy to assign the fruits of such an action. There is no problem in assigning a s 212 action though. Under IA 1986 s 436, company property did not include a section 214 action because there is a difference between assets of a company at the moment of liquidation, and those arising and recoverable only by a liquidator under statutory powers. The agreement the liquidator entered into was an attempt to restrict his conduct of the action. Public policy demanded that it be regarded as champertous and Schedule 4 did not authorise the agreement as being necessary for the winding up of the company's affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="31172881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172881" title="Waldemar Jungner">
Waldemar Jungner

Ernst Waldemar Jungner (June 19, 1869- August 30, 1924) was a Swedish inventor and engineer. In 1899 he invented the nickel-iron electric storage battery (NiFe), the nickel-cadmium battery (NiCd) and the rechargeable alkaline silver-cadmium battery (AgCd). As an inventor he also fabricated a fire alarm based on different dilutions of metals. Worked on the electrolytic production of sodium carbonate. And patented a rock drilling device.
Early life.
Ernst Waldemar Jungner was born in 1869 in Västra Götaland County, Sweden. His parents were ministers, and his father died when Waldemar was 13 years old. In 1869, the year he was born, failed harvests caused famine throughout Sweden, which affected Jungner's health. He also contracted measles and scarlet fever.
Education.
He attended Skara upper secondary school, and studied chemistry, mathematics, astronomy, botany, geology and Latin at Uppsala University. He went on to carry out further studies at the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH) in Stockholm.
Business.
In 1900 he started the firm "Ackumulator Aktiebolaget Jungner". And there was a long patent dispute with Edison which was also won by Edison in the end because he had larger financial resources. This caused serious problems to Jungners firm. The company managed to survive by using a slightly different name "Svenska Ackumulator Aktiebolaget Jungner". By 2008 the company is now called "SAFT AB" at and manufactures NiCd batteries, one of the most reliable batteries.
Battery use.
During space missions in 1960s and 1970s it was the standard battery. On the rescue mission to Umbreto Nobile and his companions on the North pole expedition in 1928. Several batteries were dropped from an airplane to supply electricity to the radio of the expedition. Only the Jungner NiFe battery worked.
Later life.
Jungner joined the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences in 1922 and in 1924 he received the Swedish Chemical Society´s Oscar Carlson Medal. Jungner died in 1924 of pneumonia at the age of 55.

</doc>
<doc id="31172895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172895" title="Edward Berry (disambiguation)">
Edward Berry (disambiguation)

Edward Berry was a Royal Navy officer.
Edward Berry is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31172903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172903" title="List of Full Metal Panic! light novels">
List of Full Metal Panic! light novels

The light novel series "Full Metal Panic!" is written by Shoji Gatoh and illustrated by Shiki Douji. It was serialized by Fujimi Shobo in its monthly magazine "Gekkan Dragon Magazine" since September 9, 1998 and published under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint. Gatoh often found delays in writing of the novels, which led to delays in the publication of the series' volumes. The series focuses on Sergeant Sousuke Sagara's arrival to the Jindai High School where he was assigned to protect the student Kaname Chidori while also acting as a student. 
A total of twelve volumes have also been released from December 18, 1998 to August 20, 2010. In parallel to the twelve volumes, ten autoconclusive light novels of the series have also been published starting on December 17, 1998. Eleven volumes have been published as of August 20, 2011. In contrast to the regular series, these light novels focus on the comedy elements from the series. In January 2010, Gatoh wrote another of these stories in celebration of "Gekkan Dragon Magazine"s 300th issue. Another series of spin-off novels known as "Full Metal Panic! Another" was released written Naoto Okuro from August 20, 2011 to August 20, 2012 consisting of four volumes and is set years after the original series' ending. The light novels have also been adapted into various manga, as well as three anime TV series for which Gatoh was also part of the staff.
Tokyopop licensed the "Full Metal Panic!" series for North America release, publishing the first regular light novel on September 11, 2007. The latest released volume is the fourth on February 1, 2011 which is a compilation from the original fourth and fifth volumes from the series.

</doc>
<doc id="31172918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172918" title="Tamara Keith">
Tamara Keith

Tamara Keith (born ca 1980) is a radio reporter, host and producer. She is frequently heard on NPR radio. She joined NPR as a business reporter in 2009. In her words, she “aspires to make business stories relatable to all of our listeners, not just those that read the Wall Street Journal”. In addition to business and economics, she has covered a range of other major news events, including the earthquake in Haiti. She started in news reporting by writing and voicing essays for NPR’s Weekend Edition Sunday as a teenager. Keith has a graduate degree in journalism from the University of California at Berkeley. She has also worked at KQED in San Francisco and KPCC Southern California Public Radio. In addition, she also hosts “B-side Radio", a public radio podcast.
Keith received a first-place trophy from the Society of Environmental Journalists for “Outstanding Story Radio” in 2007.
Personal life.
A former child model, Keith grew up in Hanford, California after her family moved there at the age of 8. She graduated from high school early, received her bachelors degree from University of California, Berkeley in three years, then enrolled at the Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism at age 19.
Keith's husband is a cancer researcher and veterinarian.

</doc>
<doc id="31172919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172919" title="Ted Berry (disambiguation)">
Ted Berry (disambiguation)

Ted Berry was an American politician.
Ted Berry is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31172927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172927" title="Natalia Gantimurova">
Natalia Gantimurova

Natalia Sergeyevna Gantimurova (; born 14 August 1991) is a Russian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Russia 2011 and represented her country in the 2011 Miss Universe and Miss World pageants.
Early life.
She descends from Russian princely family of Evenki Gantimurov. Born in Chelyabinsk to parents Sergei Gantimurov and Svetlana Nosyreva, Gantimurova is pursuing a bachelor's degree in international relations at Russian State University for the Humanities and knows two foreign languages. She also enjoys snowboarding.
Miss Russia 2011.
Gantimurova, who stands tall, competed as the representative of Moscow, one of 50 finalists in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Russia, held on March 5, 2011 in Barvikha, where she became the eventual winner of the title, gaining the right to represent Russia in Miss Universe 2011 and Miss World 2011.
Miss Universe and Miss World 2011.
As the official representative of her country to the 2011 Miss Universe pageant, broadcast live from São Paulo, Brazil on September 12, 2011, Gantimurova vied to succeed current Miss Universe titleholder, Ximena Navarrete of Mexico, but failed to place. She later competed in Miss World 2011 in London, the United Kingdom on November 6, 2011, trying to conquer Russia's third Miss World title, and placed in the quarter finals (top 30).

</doc>
<doc id="31172945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172945" title="Clube de Futebol da Amazônia">
Clube de Futebol da Amazônia

Clube de Futebol da Amazônia, commonly known as CFA, is a Brazilian football club based in Porto Velho, Rondônia state. They competed in the Série C and in the Copa do Brasil once.
History.
The club was founded on January 17, 2001. CFA won the Campeonato Rondoniense in 2002, and the Torneio de Integração da Amazônia in 2003. The club competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2003, when they were eliminated in the Second Round by Bahia, after defeating Rio Branco-AC in the First Round. They competed in the Série C in 2003, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of the competition.
Stadium.
Clube de Futebol da Amazônia play their home games at Estádio Aluízio Ferreira. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 7,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31172956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172956" title="Jurgen Ruesch">
Jurgen Ruesch

Jurgen Ruesch (1910/11 – July 8, 1995) was an American psychiatrist.
Life.
Ruesch was born in Naples, Italy, to Swiss parents. He studied at the University of Zurich, and moved to San Francisco in 1943 to head a project at the newly opened Langley Porter Psychiatric Institute of the University of California, San Francisco. He remained as professor at the University of California until his retirement in 1977; he also maintained a private psychiatric practice.
Work.
A 1948 study of his cataloged ways in which sick patients were poorly adapted to their social environments. This had an influence on the study of psychosomatic illness and stress, emphasizing the role of patients' inability to adapt to environmental situations, rather than focusing on internal psychic conflict, as had been the approach of Franz Alexander.
In the 1950s, he wrote two major works on communication theory: "Communication: The Social Matrix of Psychiatry" (1951, with Gregory Bateson), and "Nonverbal Communication" (1956, with Weldon Kees). He later took a more semiotic approach, collected in the volume "Semiotic Approaches to Human Relations" (1972).
Publications.
1. Ruesch, J.; Bateson, G., Communication: The Social Matrix of Psychiatry. W.W. Norton & Co, Inc.: 1951.
2. Ruesch MD, J., Social Psychiatry: An Overview. Arch Gen Psychiatry 1965, 12 (5), 501-509.
3. Ruesch, J.; Kees, W., Nonverbal Communication: Notes on the Visual Perception of Human Relations. University of California Press, 1956: Berkeley, 1956; p 205.
4. Ruesch, J., Semiotic Approaches to Human Relations. De Gruyter: 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31172962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172962" title="Pacific Coast Air Museum">
Pacific Coast Air Museum

The Pacific Coast Air Museum, in Santa Rosa, California, is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting and preserving aviation history through the acquisition, restoration, and display of historic aircraft. The museum displays a varied collection of over 30 American military, propeller and jet, aircraft.
Facility and exhibits.
The museum displays a varied collection of about two dozen military aircraft from World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War, including an A-4 Skyhawk, a Lockheed D-21 drone, an F-16 Fighting Falcon, an F-105 Thunderchief, an F-106A Delta Dart, and a UH-1 Iroquois ("Huey") helicopter. It also has a kit-built Bede BD-5, the world's lightest jet aircraft; and a hand-built replica of civilian aviation's most famous historic aerobatic airplane, a Pitts Special S1. 
In December 2010, the museum acquired the historic USAF "First Responder" F-15 Eagle aircraft. Dispatched from the Otis Air National Guard Base in Massachusetts, it was the first of a dozen fighter planes over New York City and Washington, D.C. on 9/11. The museum plans to fully restore the plane, with a Revolutionary "Minuteman" emblem stenciled on its tail, and make it the centerpiece of an interactive, educational exhibit.
Next to the museum, immediately to the north, is the airplane hangar used in the 1963 Hollywood all-star comedy movie, It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World. In the movie, stunt pilot Frank Tallman flies a Beech D-18 full bore, at about 150 knots, through the airplane hangar in less than a second, with only 23 feet of clearance from wingtip to wingtip, and only 15 feet from the top of the tail to the hangar ceiling. Known as the Butler Building, the hangar was built during World War II, and is still in use today.
The museum intends to build and move to a new larger facility, still at the airport. One possibility is a location on Airport Boulevard at the main entrance to the county airport, a five-acre garden tilled by inmates at Sonoma County's low-security jail.
Activities.
An annual 2-day weekend air show in August, "Wings over Wine Country", draws over 20,000 visitors for events featuring military jet demo teams, skydiving, hang-gliding, biplane aerobatics, and tours of all the museum's airplanes, including an A-26 Invader attack bomber, the only aircraft to see combat in WW II, Korea, and Vietnam.
History.
Founded in 1989, the museum merged in 1999 with the Redwood Empire Aviation Historical Society, a smaller organization. In late 2001, the museum, which had rented a variety of hangars and tie-down spots for its collection of aircraft, at the Sonoma County airport, began the process of moving to a larger facility.

</doc>
<doc id="31172966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172966" title="History of the Industrial Workers of the World">
History of the Industrial Workers of the World

The Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) is a union of wage workers which was formed in Chicago in 1905. The IWW experienced a number of divisions and splits during its early history.
When the office of the IWW president was abolished at the convention in 1906, deposed President Sherman and his supporters, many from the Socialist Party and the Western Federation of Miners, formed a rump IWW, which ceased to exist after about a year.
After the 1908 convention of the original IWW, at which Socialist Labor Party (SLP) head Daniel DeLeon was barred from voting via credentials challenges, DeLeon and the SLP bolted to form another rump IWW, which came to be called the Detroit IWW. In 1915, the Detroit IWW changed its name to the Workers' International Industrial Union (WIIU). The WIIU continued its close relationship with the SLP, but ceased to exist in 1924.
There was another division within the original Chicago IWW which caused political infighting for many years, and finally split the organization in 1924. This time, the two groups were referred to as the centralizers and the decentralizers. This split was in part responsible for a serious decline in membership — a decline from which the organization has never fully recovered. The decentralizers' faction ceased to exist as a separate group in 1931.
For the existing IWW, the results of the splits were, in part, the abolition of the office of president; the departure of the Socialist Party and the Socialist Labor Party; a constitutional provision barring alliance with any political party; a reliance on direct (economic) action rather than political petition; and a focus on using creative tactics to organize low-wage, itinerant, unskilled, migratory, and immigrant workers.
Eastern Wobblies, western Wobblies.
The divisions in the early days of the IWW were based upon differing philosophies and ideologies, and to a considerable extent these differences could be traced to regional particulars.
The Western Wobblies were often casual workers from the mines, mills, lumber camps, and agricultural regions of the West and Midwest. These were largely male, unattached, footloose, and open to adventure. In 1918, just after the United States had entered World War I and the government charged IWW leaders with violation of the espionage law for their anti-war expressions, Robert W. Bruere wrote in "Harper's Magazine" that,
The Industrial Workers of the World are most numerous among the migratory workers of the West; among the homeless, wayfaring men who follow the harvests from Texas across the Canadian border; among the lumberjacks who pack their quilts from camp to distant camp in the fir and pine and spruce forests of the Northwest; and among the metalliferous miners of Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Idaho, Colorado, Arizona, and Old Mexico. In other words, they are strongest among the men upon whom the nation depends for three of its basic raw materials—materials of fundamental importance at all times; of crucial importance in time of war.
According to our best information, approximately four-fifths of these migratory workers are men whose family ties have been broken—"womanless, voteless, and jobless men." Competent authorities estimate that about one-half of them are native Americans, and the other half men who have been uprooted by labor brokers and padrones from their native ethnic and social environments; voluntary or forced immigrants from the agricultural districts of Ireland, from the Welsh and Cornish mines, from the hungry hills of Italy, Serbia, Greece, and Turkish Asia Minor.
Bruere wrote of a "pernicious system of sabotage" by railroad corporations and other business interests, creating "hobos, vagabonds, wayfarers—migratory and intermittent workers, outcasts from society and the industrial machine, ripe for the denationalized fellowship of the I. W. W."
Typical IWW tactics in the West were soap boxing and, where they found it necessary, the free speech fight. As a direct result of their working class experiences in western states, Western Wobblies developed a bitter hostility toward political parties. The most conspicuous example of these anarchistic sentiments among Western Wobblies was the Overalls Brigade, who were suspicious of all political parties; believed voting and legislating a ritual aimed at deluding workers; were antagonistic toward craft unions, referring to them as coffin societies; and, were generally opposed to leaders of any kind, even within the IWW.
In the East, the IWW became the champion of ethnic solidarity and the focus of immigrant discontent, during a strike of women mill workers in Lawrence, Massachusetts, and elsewhere. One notable struggle in Paterson, New Jersey involved the production of a pageant in Madison Square Garden, performed by the strikers themselves. Many Eastern IWW members tended to be more supportive of radical state socialist principles of the Socialist Labor Party variety. They did not care for anarchy, and tended to dismiss the Socialist Party's reformist philosophy. According to Brissenden, Eastern Wobblies were "revolutionary Marxists — doctrinaire to the bone — saturated with the dialectic."
From 1905 on, many workers in the West were unable to vote. This created a different dynamic from the experiences of early IWW supporters in the East. However, by the time the IWW began to organize textile workers in Lawrence, Massachusetts in 1912, the IWW would confront the same circumstance in the East. In 1913, IWW organizer Bill Haywood would declare, "I advocate the industrial ballot alone when I address the workers in the textile industries of the East where a great majority are foreigners without political representation. But when I speak to American workingmen in the West I advocate both the industrial and the political ballot." But by this time, regional differences had already exerted a significant impact on the organization.
In some sense, the Western Wobblies would evolve into the Chicago IWW after the split of 1908. The Eastern Wobblies, whom Brissenden believed held most closely to the ideals of the first convention, became the Detroit IWW after the same division.
These two factions became the most visible manifestations of a divided IWW. The Chicago, or "Red IWW" was referred to variously as the direct action, the economic, the bummery, or the anarchist faction. The Detroit, or "Yellow IWW" faction was called the doctrinaire, the political, or the socialist faction. However, there were other splits, both before and after this most significant split, in which some of the same philosophical differences played a role.
1906 split.
For the first several years the differences between those who favored political action via electoral politics, and those who believed that working people could never obtain justice through political action, played out within the IWW.
However, other divisions wracked the young organization, initially over the leadership style and practices of President Charles O. Sherman, the first (and only) president of the IWW. Sherman, a failed AFL union leader who sought redemption in the IWW, was accused of expensive habits and financial improprieties, but was also faulted for favoring "pure and simple unionism" of the AFL variety. IWW organizer James P. Cannon observed that members questioned Sherman's commitment to revolutionary principles espoused at the organization's founding:
Charles O. Sherman, the first general president of the IWW, was an exponent of the industrial-union form of organization. But that apparently was as far as he wanted to go, and it wasn’t far enough for those who took the revolutionary pronouncements of the First Convention seriously.
According to Melvyn Dubofsky, Sherman was duplicitous, and used his position as president of the IWW "to increase his power and line his own pockets."
Sherman was supported by conservative elements in the WFM. He was opposed by IWW Secretary Treasurer William Trautmann, Vincent St. John, and Daniel DeLeon, head of the Socialist Labor Party, who averred that they sought to rescue the organization's stated purpose and philosophy—revolutionary working class solidarity. The more "radical" element within the IWW — composed of those referred to as "beggars, tramps, and proletarian rabble" — specifically, those who favored direct action, some organization leaders, plus DeLeon's group — adopted a member's proposal published in the "Industrial Worker" which called for abolishing the office of president. The proposal was agreed to at the 1906 convention.
Paul Brissenden believed, however, that the issues behind divisions in the first two years were more personality than principle, complicated by intrigue on the part of individuals in the two socialist parties. Brissenden weighed the arguments of the two sides, and concluded that neither side acted charitably toward the other. Furthermore, Bill Haywood, writing from prison in Idaho before his acquittal, emphatically condemned "Shermanism", but then chided that with a bit of diplomacy, the troubles could have been smoothed over. Unfortunately, with Big Bill's charismatic leadership skills temporarily unavailable, the die had been cast. Haywood would later write (in his autobiography, published in 1929), "Sherman had proved incapable, and if not actually dishonest, he had used an enormous amount of the funds for unnecessary purposes."
After the Sherman faction was outvoted at the 1906 convention, they took their argument to the largest organization within the IWW, the Western Federation of Miners (WFM). There, the questions of propriety and organizational philosophy raged for the next eighteen months, with the WFM ultimately taking a conservative turn under WFM President Charles Moyer. Moyer was incarcerated along with Haywood in Idaho, but was freed without a trial. Haywood's radicalism was affirmed by imprisonment, while Moyer, sharing the same cell, was a changed man. He supported those who were already seeking to withdraw the organization from the IWW and, in spite of the fact that Haywood and St. John were likewise officials in the WFM, Moyer was successful.
Historian Joseph Rayback traces the conservative turn of the WFM to the loss of a strike in Goldfield, Nevada, where many of the Cripple Creek miners had migrated after their defeat in the Colorado Labor Wars. While the Colorado governor had mobilized the national guard, the governor of Nevada called for federal troops, which this time "reduced leadership to despair" and forced the WFM rank and file to finally give up its radical leanings. By 1911, the WFM once again affiliated with the AFL. Thus ended the WFM's decade long flirtation with revolutionary sentiments.
The departure of deposed President Sherman and his supporters from the 1906 convention resulted in the first of several occasions that members found themselves with a choice between two IWWs. While the so-called "beggars, tramps, and proletarian rabble" — the Trautmann-DeLeon-St. John faction — finished the convention with theoretical control of the organization, Sherman benefited from "the manipulations of a socialist lawyer" to gain possession of the office, the records, and the resources to publish the "Industrial Worker", which he continued to publish for a year thereafter. Sherman took the smaller share of union locals, but retained some support within the soon-to-depart Western Federation of Miners. Each side claimed to be the real IWW, while simultaneously disparaging the other side.
For approximately a year, the Trautmann-DeLeon-St. John faction fought for control, and eventually prevailed. During this time they published a newspaper called the "Industrial Union Bulletin" instead of the "Industrial Worker", only reviving that instrument in 1909.
Sherman's supporters held a convention of the "Sherman IWW" in the summer of 1907, but there seem to be no records of the event. It appeared to be their last gasp as a rump IWW.
Although the 1907 convention of the Trautmann-DeLeon-St. John IWW was relatively peaceful, the earlier departures of the WFM and the Sherman crowd didn't bring an end to dissension within the organization.
1908 split.
While DeLeon had helped to rescue the radical character of the organization from what was alleged to be a conservative and corruptive element, his own beliefs and practices soon became an issue for those same "beggars and tramps" with whom he'd previously allied. DeLeon's history and personality made him a fairly easy target for dissenters. DeLeon was head of the Socialist Labor Party, which Paul Brissenden described as "always ... emphatically Marxian and its leaders have been so decidedly doctrinaire in their interpretation of Marxian socialism ... that they have been not unjustly called impossibilists." DeLeon's enemies commonly referred to him as the "Pope of the S.L.P."
DeLeon believed that a rise in wages for workers resulted in a rise in price, so that workers obtained no worthwhile gain from seeking higher wages. This argument suggested that one of the most significant immediate goals of unions was not worthwhile. James P. Thompson and James Connolly expressed the opposite viewpoint, grounding their writings in the work of Ricardo and Marx. When DeLeon launched a secret hearing against Connolly for "economic heresy" in 1907, the issue of politics vs. the economic class struggle came to the attention of the entire union, including branches of the organization in Britain and Australia.
DeLeon possessed "a supreme confidence in himself and his views," and was "highly impatient" with those who did not agree. A prolific writer, he hammered away at theory in Socialist Labor Party publications, emphasizing the importance of the IWW's participation in the "political" fight, and "making it unmistakeably clear that this meant helping to build" the Socialist Labor Party.
The stage was set for a showdown.
Overalls brigade.
Out of the West came the overalls brigade, a group of Wobblies who wore blue denim overalls covering jet black shirts, with red bandannas around their necks. They wore IWW buttons, and they were proud of their organization. They were nineteen men and one woman, and they referred to themselves as "red blooded working stiffs." They rode the rails from Portland to the IWW convention in Chicago, stopping in working class communities along the way. They held propaganda meetings at each stop, singing IWW songs and selling literature to finance their trip. Led by capable Wobbly organizer James H. Walsh, they traveled over 2,500 miles in their "Red Special" cattle car, ate in hobo jungles, and preached revolution in prairie towns.
These were itinerant workers from the West — representing farm hands, miners, sailors, dock workers, and "timber beasts" who traveled with the job, and spent much of their time unemployed. They couldn't rely upon the vote, because many of them didn't reside in one location long enough to register. They likewise didn't trust that votes counted by "some Citizens' Alliance disciple or the Mine Owners Association" could ever usher in the revolution.
At the convention, DeLeon criticized the newer IWW members "for their crudities, their rawness, and their inability to perceive the more 'civilized' methods" that he had long recommended to the organization. Historian Rayback comments, "It was an ill-advised attack."
The 1905 Preamble to the IWW Constitution had stated,
Between these two classes a struggle must go on until all the toilers come together "on the political", as well as on the industrial field, and take and hold that which they produce by their labor through an economic organization of the working class without affiliation with any political party. "added"
At the 1908 convention, members of the IWW, led by the overalls brigade, first challenged DeLeon's credentials, declaring that he didn't actually work in the Industrial Union with which he was registered. Then they removed the Preamble language about "struggle the political, as well as on the industrial field," which DeLeon had made a condition of his participation at the founding convention in 1905. The IWW was left with only the industrial struggle delineated in the Preamble. DeLeon and his SLP followers walked out of the convention, never to return.
Cannon wrote that St. John, in his capacity as the leader of the early IWW, "judged socialist 'politics' and political parties by the two examples before his eyes — the Socialist Party bossed by Berger and Hillquit and the Socialist Labor Party of De Leon — and he didn’t like either of them." Labor historian Melvyn Dubofsky weighs in on the rejection of the SLP,
DeLeon was among the first to attack the "new" IWW (on the grounds of becoming an anarchist organization) ... But DeLeon and others misunderstood what the convention had done ... recognized ... that political debates between socialist factions wrecked union locals and undermined labor's morale. Hence, the Wobblies decided to keep political debate within the party, where it belonged, and to promote industrial action within the IWW, whereby workers could improve their lives.
To Foner, the new orientation of the IWW was a mixed result because,
program virtually guaranteed the isolation of the I.W.W. from vast numbers of American workers who knew from experience that political action was a necessary weapon in the class struggle, and that, indeed, the existence of many unions, threatened by injunctions and other court decisions, could only be preserved by labor's effectiveness at the ballot box ... [Yet there were still fertile fields for organizing ... in the following years the IWW would bring the principles of industrial unionism to the attention of hundreds of thousands of American workers, including even many of the A.F. of L.
IWW east, IWW west.
After the Socialist Labor Party withdrew from the IWW in 1908, it formed an offshoot of the "Chicago IWW" in Detroit which also adopted the name Industrial Workers of the World. (It changed its name to Workers' International Industrial Union in 1915). Robert Hoxie, author of "Trade Unionism in the United States", referred to the Detroit IWW as "socialistic", and the Chicago IWW as "quasi anarchistic". Hoxie, who was writing in the 1913-14 time-frame (his book was a joint effort published in 1921), wrote that socialistic unions (some of which were AFL unions) "look forward to a state of society which, except for common ownership and control of industry and strong centralized government in the hands of the working class, does not differ essentially from our own." Although they were "revolutionary," they would attain their goals by peaceful means, both political and industrial. The quasi anarchistic unionists, on the other hand, envision an industrial society in which the unions would act as the government.
Hoxie believed that quasi anarchistic unions were abhorrent of political action. Other authors have a different interpretation. Quoting passages from "Bread and Roses Too", Verity Burgmann has written,
the Chicago IWW was 'non-political' rather than 'anti-political'. J.R. Conlin insists too much has been made of the deletion of the political clause in 1908; equally significant was the rejection without discussion by the 1911 Chicago IWW Convention of an amendment to the Preamble that referred to 'the futility of political action'.
Writing decades earlier, Brissenden had already taken up this question:
The "constitution" of the I. W. W. is not anti-political. It is merely non-political. Any wage-earner is admitted regardless of creed, race, or political opinion. But it is also true that in actual practice, as Levine remarks, "the Industrial Workers have played and are playing the game of antipolitics." "Their spokesmen," he says, "ridicule the 'politicians'; severely criticize the Socialist party and insult its most prominent leaders. The non-political portion of the I. W. W. is therefore practically anti-political."
Brissenden then elaborates on the animosity between the two IWW organizations. However, he follows with the observation,
The break was not, however, entirely caused by disagreement over political and economic principles. It was partly a matter of personal temperament—and primarily the personal temperament of Daniel DeLeon...
Brissenden notes that the organizations which were run by Daniel DeLeon reflected DeLeon's character. He quotes Socialist Labor Party journalist Louis C. Fraina's evaluation of the SLP to assess that character:
The S. L. P. ignored the psychology of struggling workers says. Its propaganda was couched in abstract formulas; just as its sectarian spirit developed a sort of subconscious idea that revolutionary activity consisted in enunciating formulas. This sectarian spirit produced dogmas, intemperate assertions, and a general tendency toward caricature ideas and caricature action; and discouraged men of ability from joining the S. L. P.
Because IWW President Sherman and some of his followers, who left as a result of the 1906 split, had been associated with the Socialist Party, a member of the Chicago IWW expressed the impression that they had purged the Socialist Party during the 1906 split, and then the Socialist Labor Party during the 1908 split. Thus, the non-political, direct action focus of the surviving organization evolved over a period of time.
The Detroit IWW.
The Detroit IWW (which became the WIIU) created an industrial union structure that was similar to that of the IWW. The split between the Chicago IWW and the Detroit IWW was replicated in Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Britain.
In 1909, the Detroit IWW reported 23 local organizations. In the United States, the areas represented were mostly in the East, including Philadelphia, Boston, Bridgeport, Brooklyn, and Paterson.
Unlike the IWW, which from 1908 onwards constitutionally restricted itself from political alliances, the WIIU advocated political associations, and maintained its close association with the SLP, although (as of 1922) it declined to openly affirm this association. Like the IWW, the WIIU advocated use of the general strike.
The WIIU was criticized for focusing more on party propaganda than on organizing workers. From 1908 to 1922, the relationship between the IWW and the WIIU was characterized as "bitter". When the WIIU reported its routine labor statistics to "The American Labor Year Book" for 1916 (shortly after changing its name), it included — along with its declaration of principles and its membership stats — an editorial comment on the perceived practices of the "Chicago IWW",
The Workers' International Industrial Union is the new name adopted in 1915 to designate the socialist industrial class union, which was organized in 1905 under the name of the Industrial Workers of the World. The change of name was deemed advantageous to distinguish the Socialist organization from the one which follows the tenets of anarchy, advocates "sabotage," and so-called "direct action," usually denoting non-political action. The career of the so-called Industrial Workers of the World was started at the fourth convention of the I. W. W. in 1908 with the slogan: "Strike at the ballot box with an ax."
The WIIU shared much of its membership with the SLP, and struggled after DeLeon's death in 1914. According to labor historian Philip Foner, the WIIU never did conduct a strike of any importance. It disbanded in 1924.
The Detroit IWW, which became the Workers' International Industrial Union in 1916, published the "Industrial Union News".
The Chicago IWW.
The Chicago IWW is the organization that survives as the modern Industrial Workers of the World. After the 1908 split, the Chicago IWW began to refer to itself as the Red IWW, and the Detroit group as the Yellow IWW. Daniel DeLeon's followers referred to the Chicago IWW, who ultimately retained the mantle, if not the founding philosophy of the IWW, as "the bummery".
In 1909, the Chicago IWW reported 100 local organizations. From 1908 onwards, the more energetic Chicago IWW could take credit for far the greatest share of organizing and propagandizing.
Hoxie observed that quasi anarchistic unionists like those in the Chicago IWW have a different goal than the socialistic unionists such as the Detroit IWW:
They look forward to the "complete" abolition of the state and of existing governmental machinery. They visualize, not a political, but an industrial society, where the "unions" would be the government. All political action is abhorrent to them, partly because the state is outside their scheme of things and political action is a recognition of a compromise with it, but largely because they believe that experience has proved it to be not only useless as a working-class weapon but positively harmful to working class interests.
Hoxie continues,
Chicago IWW unionists have noted that political associations and political gains make the workers soft, conservative, and nonrevolutionary. Revolution degenerates into mere reform, and political preferment makes traitors of working-class leaders . . . Direct action, therefore, has become their slogan, that is, the making and enforcing of demands upon the enemy directly by the workers, through demonstrations, strikes, sabotage and violence. At this point, however, the quasi anarchistic revolutionary unionists themselves split into two camps, centralizers and decentralizers.
The IWW newspaper that focused most specifically on the Western United States (and which continues to be published today) is the "Industrial Worker" (which, for a time after the 1906 split, was duplicated and/or replaced by the "Industrial Union Bulletin"). In the East, the IWW newspaper of record for the Chicago IWW was "Solidarity".
Seeds of another split.
Foner identified a schism within the Chicago IWW in addition to the east/west divide, consisting of those who wanted a labor union with a revolutionary program, and those who merely wanted to be a revolutionary cadre leading the working class to revolution via propaganda and agitation. Many other analysts, however, identified two contesting groups essentially according to what they called themselves — centralizers and decentralizers.
Centralizers.
Of the centralizers, Hoxie observes,
The centralizers believe that the actual building up of the industrial organization will train and educate the workers in the conduct, not only of industry, but of all social affairs, so that when the organization has become universalized it can perform all the necessary functions of social control now exercised by the state in its legislative, executive and judicial capacities. This universal organization of the workers will then displace the state, government and politics in the present sense; private ownership, privilege and exploitation will be forever abolished. The one big union will have become the state, the government, the supreme organic and functional expression of society; its rules and decisions will be the law.
Decentralizers.
Hoxie explains the decentralizers,
The decentralizers look forward to what they call a free industrial society. Each local group of workers is to be a law to itself. They are to organize as they please. The present industrial and social arrangements are to be overthrown simply by making it unprofitable for the employing class to own and operate industries. Future society is to consist of independent groups of workers freely exchanging their products. The proper proportions of investments and production, the ratio of exchange of goods, etc., will automatically be determined, just as they are under competitive industry, only then the competition will be between groups of workers, instead of between individuals. Universal knowledge and a superior morality, which will spring up as soon as capitalist society is abolished, will take the place of our present complicated system of social control and do away with the necessity of government in the present sense.
Beyond the described differences, Hoxie concludes, the theories, methods, and policies of the centralizers and the decentralizers were much the same. But historian Philip S. Foner described the decentralizers as "the most vehement and noisiest of the anti-leadership element." They wanted to remove all officers of the union, and replace them with a stenographer. They also sought to abolish the union's General Executive Board and the annual convention. In 1913 a majority of delegates rejected the goals of the decentralizers, yet they continued their efforts for years afterward.
1924 split.
In 1924 (three years after Hoxie's analyses were published), as the Detroit IWW languished, the Chicago IWW was once again split by a division between centralizers and decentralizers.
Impact of the divisions.
In 1919 Paul Brissenden wrote that while the departure of Sherman and the Western Federation of Miners in 1906, and the DeLeon faction in 1908, meant the loss of its "most reputable, best financed, and most respectable elements, their loss tended to give sharp definition and emphatic impulse toward a more revolutionary policy." As a result, the IWW became the champion of unskilled and migratory workers, including workers facing frequent unemployment, during the decade that followed. Brissenden commented in 1919 that,
Wobblies were able to develop great strength because they had modified their theories to the extent necessary to make some appreciable application of them to the actual conditions of economic life. They were confronted by conditions and met them at the cost of doctrinal consistency. They were unconscious pragmatists and the result is that they have made themselves felt to a much greater extent than the doctrinaires the Detroit IWW. They have been strikingly successful as gadflies—stinging and shocking the "bourgeoisie" into the initiation of reforms.
Yet Brissenden wrote that the question of decentralization was "perhaps the most fundamental ever given wide discussion by the I.W.W. membership." Brissenden, acknowledging in 1919 that the decentralization forces within the IWW had not dissipated, had a sense of foreboding about the future of that organization. He wrote, "the doctrine was not annihilated in 1913; it was merely smothered. The I.W.W. may yet be 'unscrambled'."
In spite of "anti-radical hysteria" during and just after the war years, the IWW continued to grow. The IWW's peak membership probably occurred in 1923. 1924 would see the beginning of a dramatic decline, and the recent repression would work to exacerbate the internal tensions responsible for that decline.
There were a number of reasons that the IWW faced division in 1924. Wobbly leaders who had been arrested and imprisoned during or after World War I on espionage charges (for opposing the war) had just been released in two groups; some, in mid-1923, agreed to a pardon that stipulated they must refrain from activities related to their former union activism. Their decision was viewed with suspicion by the IWW, and by those who refused the pardon. Those who chose to stay in prison were released in December 1923, but their circumstances were likewise divisive.
The IWW reacted to the repression commencing in 1917, in part, by making all former leaders of the IWW ineligible for office. Ralph Darlington observed that this "effectively severed the organization from its past, decapitating the IWW even more ruthlessly than the government had been able to."
Some former leaders, including John Reed, James P. Cannon, and William Z. Foster, had joined the Communist Party, and disagreement over communism created additional dissension. One IWW leader, George Williams, had been in Moscow in 1921, and formed a bad opinion of the political situation in the Soviet Union. He warned against possible Communist influence in the IWW, stating that it would endanger both the principles of the IWW, and the organization itself. Acting upon Williams' recommendation, the IWW chose to oppose Communism. But Communism was only a complicating factor. The centralist-decentralist split would play the decisive role in the future of the IWW.
Two IWWs, side by side.
The modern IWW website describes a historical off-shoot led by James Rowan of the Lumber Workers Industrial Union (LWIU), who invoked the E-P (Emergency Program.) The other faction was sometimes called the "Four Trey" group, taking their name from the address of the IWW headquarters at 3333 W. Belmont in Chicago. Once again, the question of politics played a significant role between union factions. At the 1924 IWW convention, decentralist Rowan scheduled a session in parallel with the official session controlled by the leadership. The result was two competing factions who, as in 1906, fought in the streets and in the courts for control of IWW headquarters. In his book about the IWW "We Shall Be All", Melvyn Dubofsky concluded that the IWW had torn itself apart through internal conflict, and that the result was "total collapse". Rowan formed an "emergency program" (the "E-P") from his base in Washington state, in an effort to save the IWW. "The E-Pers believed that the administration of the IWW was too strongly emphasizing 'Political Action' as opposed to Organizing on the Job. The E-P claimed to oppose 'centralism' in favor of 'decentralism', but the E-P sought to centralize power within individual Industrial Unions."
Decline of the IWW after 1924.
Archie Green attributed the decline of the IWW to the 1924 split, which was exacerbated by government persecution, and the defection of many members to the Communist Party. At the 1925 convention, there were only eleven delegates. There were no conventions in 1926 and 1927. During this period, in some parts of the country, there were two IWW halls, some of them very near to each other, each following one faction or the other. By 1930, Rowan's separatist movement was bankrupt and had about two hundred followers. By 1931 the E-P, which had been the smaller of the two factions, ceased to exist. Presumably, many in the E-P group began to drift back into the main IWW faction. However, a significant number of members "dropped out the middle" during the period of infighting.
In the 2009 book "Labor, industry, and regulation during the progressive era", Daniel Earl Saros concluded that however one characterizes its successes and failures, the IWW "demonstrates that strong challenges were being made to the ideology of social responsibility and that the defenders of that ideology had much to gain from the suppression of radical alternatives."

</doc>
<doc id="31172971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172971" title="Marshmallow sofa">
Marshmallow sofa

Marshmallow Love Seat #5670, commonly known as the Marshmallow sofa, is a modernist sofa produced by the American furniture company Herman Miller, that was originally manufactured between 1956 and 1961. It is considered the most iconic of all modernist sofas. The sofa was designed by Irving Harper of George Nelson Associates. It was produced in two lengths from 1956 to 1961. It consists of a metal frame with round discs of covered foam, or "marshmallows", spread across the seat and back in a lattice arrangement.
The sofa, in the smaller of the two sizes, was re-issued in the 1980s as part of the "Herman Miller Classics" line, and continues in production today.
History.
The design was created in 1954 when a salesman for a Long Island plastics company presented to George Nelson's New York City studio an example of the company's ability to create round 12 inch foam discs that became "self-skinned". The limited manufacturing costs made the item inviting, and designer Irving Harper was asked to design a piece of furniture around the discs. Over a weekend Harper designed a sofa, incorporating 18 of the discs arranged over a metal frame. The invention did not live up to its promise, as covering the individual seat pads proved costly and time consuming, turning the intended budget piece into a luxury product. Nevertheless, Herman Miller went ahead with the sofa's production, and introduced it in 1956.
The Marshmallow sofa was originally issued by Herman Miller in 1956, and appeared in their 1957 catalog. The sofa was dropped in 1961. Despite its popularity, and visibility in Herman Miller publications, only 186 Marshmallow sofas were produced between 1956 and 1961. The 52" version was re-issued in the 1980s as part of the ""Herman Miller Classics"" line, and continues in production today, though in limited numbers.
Design.
Officially listed by Herman Miller as the "Marshmallow love seat #5670", the sofa was designed for both residential and contract (office) sales. The playful design of the Marshmallow sofa is the result of placement of circular "marshmallow" cushions at regular intervals across a metal frame. The cushions were covered in either fabric, vinyl, or leather in bright colors. Generally all the cushions were the same color, but the sofa could also be ordered with cushions of various colors for a more whimsical look.
The Marshmallow sofa was designed in the "atomistic" style seen in other classic George Nelson Associates designs, such as the "Ball clock" (1950) and the "Hang-It-All" (1953). The ""atomistic"" style explodes its parts into separate, brightly colored elements, in this case the seat cushions. It was an adaptation of artist's representations of the atom, which used individual, brightly colored dots to portray atomic particles. 
The marshmallow sofa was produced in two lengths. The 52" version incorporates 18 cushions in a pattern of 4-5-5-4. The 103" length uses 38 cushions in a 9-10-10-9 pattern.
Design attribution.
The Marshmallow sofa was designed in 1954 by Irving Harper. For decades the design of the Marshmallow sofa was attributed to George Nelson, as was the practice for designs coming out of George Nelson Associates, Inc. However, it was later revealed that many of the firm's designs were actually those of other designers working for the firm. John Pile, a designer who worked for George Nelson Associates, Inc. in the 1950s explained, "George's attitude was that it was okay for individual designers to be given credit in trade publications, but for the consumer world, the credit should always be to the firm, not the individual. He didn't always follow through on that policy though."
As collectors' items.
Examples of the 186 originally produced sofas routinely sell for $15,000 or more. The extremely rare 103" length is virtually never seen offered for sale. One example, covered in white fabric and signed by Irving Harper was sold by Sotheby's in 2000 for $37,500.

</doc>
<doc id="31172984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172984" title="Pattern (Schulze)">
Pattern (Schulze)

Pattern is a temporary, site-specific public artwork by American artist Paula Schulze, located on the exterior of the former A.O. Smith office building near West Hopkins Street and North 27th Street in the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The artwork, which consists of a series of curved, orange patterns painted on wood panels, was installed in September 2010. 
"Pattern" is located on the edge of a large industrial site formerly operated by A.O. Smith and Tower Automotive that is now under redevelopment. The brick building was previously boarded up, and Schulze's design was mounted over the plywood covering the building's windows. Schulze is one of five Milwaukee artists commissioned by a nonprofit visual art presenter called IN:SITE to install temporary artworks at this location in cooperation with the 30th Street Industrial Corridor Corporation. Other participating artists are Marly Gisser, Sarah Luther, Colin Matthes, and Marla Sanvick. 
Schulze is primarily a printmaker. "Pattern" is her second temporary public art installation presented through IN:SITE.

</doc>
<doc id="31172989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31172989" title="Contraband Spain">
Contraband Spain

Contraband Spain is a 1956 British-Spanish crime film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Richard Greene, Anouk Aimée and Michael Denison. Its Spanish title is Contrabando.
Synopsis.
A secret agent works against smugglers on the border between Spain and France.

</doc>
<doc id="31173004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173004" title="Morphites v Bernasconi">
Morphites v Bernasconi

Morphitis v Bernasconi [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/2003/289.html EWCA Civ 289 is a UK insolvency law and company law case, concerning fraudulent trading.
Facts.
TMC Transport (UK) Ltd’s former directors were Mr Bernasconi and Mr Monti. Mr Morphitis was the liquidator. They hired a group of solicitors who advised that the Insolvency Act 1986 rules on trading while insolvent could be circumvented by setting up a new company, resigning, and transferring the assets but not the liabilities there. The case turned on whether knowingly failing to pay a final instalment to their landlord was enough to constitute fraudulent trading under IA 1986 s 213.
Judgment.
Chadwick LJ held that there was not enough to constitute fraud in this case on this single instance. Not every fraudulent transaction makes the business a business carried on with intent to defraud. Moreover, there must be a causal connection between the fraud and the loss, or ‘some nexus between (i) the loss which has been caused to the company’s creditors generally by the carrying on of the business in the manner which gives rise to the exercise of the power and (ii) the contribution which those knowingly party to the carrying on of the business in that manner should be ordered to make to the assets in which the company’s creditors will share in the liquidation.’ Then, obiter he said it could not have been the intention of Parliament to allow more than compensatory claims under section 213. Disapproving the order of the judge below, he said that the provision for criminal charges in CA 1985 s 458 (now CA 2006 s 993) precluded any necessity for a punitive element.

</doc>
<doc id="31173008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173008" title="Conquiliologistas do Brasil">
Conquiliologistas do Brasil

Conquiliologistas do Brasil (Portuguese: Conchologists of Brazil) is an association created on September 19, 1989, in São Paulo, Brazil, with the main goal of spreading and increasing conchology, the study of mollusc shells.
The association publishes the magazine "Siratus", the monthly bulletin "Calliostoma" and the biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal "Strombus", and maintains a library of more than 1500 scientific papers.

</doc>
<doc id="31173068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173068" title="Portland Works">
Portland Works

Portland Works is a former cutlery works in the Highfield area of Sheffield in England. Built in 1877, it is now a Grade II* listed building with a wide variety of cultural uses. In early 2013, it was bought by nearly 500 people, through one of the countries largest Community Share Issues. 
History.
The building, designed by Architect JH Jenkinson was constructed in the late 1870s as a cutlery works. Three two and three-storey ranges of brick-built workshops, offices and showrooms lie around a courtyard containing an octagonal chimney and some more recent structures. The central part of the rear range of workshops was reduced from three to two stories, following a fire. It was occupied for many years by R. F. Mosley, before being split into separate workshops. When first constructed, it was partially mechanised. When surveyed by English Heritage in 1995, it still retained hand forges and a steam grinding room.
In 1914, through a collaboration between Harry Brearley, Ernest Stuart and R. F. Mosley at Portland Works, this became the first place in the world to manufacture stainless steel cutlery and this remains, to this day, one of the site's many actiivities. The city of Sheffield in itself is strongly associated with its steel industry heritage not least in sporting world, with the ice hockey team known as the Sheffield Steelers and one of the local football teams, Sheffield United being nicknamed 'The Blades'. Bramall Lane, Sheffield United's football ground, is within walking distance of Portland Works.
Music and Art.
Musicians.
Portland Works has recently come to be an area associated with the music and art scene. Bands such as 'The Gentlemen' use the area to practise, as do Reverend and the Makers and a fairly recently formed band known as 'Hold Your Fire'. The latter band use Portland Works to practise every weekend, and it is doubtful they would exist as a band without it.
Artists.
As well as musicians, there a number of artists that make use of the space at Portland Works including Clare Hughes, Mary Sewell and Nuala Price. One of the most notable pieces of artwork created by any of the artists in Portland Works is that depicting the ghost of Portland Works (a painting by Mary Sewell).
Campaign.
Portland Works is one of very few Sheffield Metal Trades buildings to have a continuous history of manufacturing since its construction, in 1877. For many years it was the home of RF Mosley's cutlery business. In 2009, a planning application was submitted for Portland Works to be converted into residential flats. As a result of this, concerned tenants and supporters set up a campaign to save Portland Works site and offer an alternative future based on the existing mix of tenants. The Portland Works website outlines the campaign in which almost £500,000 was eventually raised to buy the works outright in early 2013. The building is now community owned and operated, by approximately 470 shareholders, through one of the largest Community Benefit Societies in the UK.
"Robert Fead Mosley" by Anna de Lange (pub Portland works 2013) outlines the history of the Works. Available from Portland Works by mail order at £4

</doc>
<doc id="31173069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173069" title="Edward Joyner">
Edward Joyner

Edward Joyner (born June 28, 1972) is an American college basketball coach and current head men's basketball coach at Hampton University. He had previously been an assistant coach at Johnson C. Smith University.

</doc>
<doc id="31173082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173082" title="Hande Kodja">
Hande Kodja

Hande Kodja is a Belgian actress born on 6 February 1984.
Biography.
She began her artistic training at Waterloo, Belgium with studying music: 12 years of piano, 5 years of music theory, 4 years of violin and drama in the class of Christian Labeau. After obtaining her Bachelor of Arts she moved to Paris. She studied for two years at the Cours Florent before enrolling at the National Conservatory of Dramatic Arts of Paris. She was given her first feature film role in Patrick Grandperret's "Meurtrières". 
Hande Kodja was selected as "Talents Cannes 2006" with the role of Cecilia in "My Prince Charming" by Jean-Paul Civeyrac. She played the role of Louise in "Capitaine Achab" (2008) by Philippe Ramos, and also the daughter of Andre Dussolier and Miou-Miou in "Family Affair" (2008) by Claus Drexel. In 2012 she was nominated for the Magritte Award for Most Promising Actress.

</doc>
<doc id="31173102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173102" title="Re Purpoint Ltd">
Re Purpoint Ltd

Re Purpoint Ltd BCLC 491 is a UK insolvency law and company law case, concerning misfeasance and wrongful trading.
Facts.
The liquidator of Purpoint Ltd, a printing business, sued the former director Mr John Henry Meredith for wrongful trading and misfeasance under the Insolvency Act 1986 sections 212 and 214. Purpoint Ltd started trading in February 1986, with a plant and machinery, a printing press and two cars on hire purchase. Mr Meredith got a salary. Mr Meredith admitted the company was unable to pay its debts from December 1986. In May 1987, the accountants told him that he could be liable for trading while insolvent. In June Mr Meredith found a job with another firm. Purpoint Ltd ceased trading in November 1987 and went into liquidation in May 1988. The Inland Revenue's claims exhausted all the company's assets. The liquidator brought an action under section 214 and under s 212 claimed back money used to get the second car on hire purchase, which it said was not needed for the business; cash sums withdrawn in June and July 1987 and transactions between the company and the firm Mr Meredith left to work with.
Judgment.
Vinelott J held that Mr Meredith was liable and ordered him to pay £12,666.79 under section 212 (£4k for the car, £5k for cash withdrawals and £3k for work done for the firm) and £53,572.15 plus interest under section 214. Under section 212 (1) the car was not bought for business use, and the purchase was a breach of duty (2) cash that could not be accounted for and using by Mr Meredith and his wife had to be repaid (3) on one transaction the new firm Mr Meredith had moved to made a profit at the company's expense. He had to disgorge this gain. Under section 214, because Mr Meredith clearly knew the company was insolvent by December 1986, he was liable for all trading losses after then. Lastly, there was nothing wrong with making orders under both section 212 and section 214. He said the answer to double recovery arguments is that money recouped under s 212 can be used to pay off the debts that existed before the clock started to run under section 214. The only proviso is that Mr Meredith would not be make to pay back more under s 212 than needed to meet the company's liabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="31173114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173114" title="Michael Grundt Spang">
Michael Grundt Spang

Michael Grundt Spang (1931 – 2003) was a Norwegian journalist and crime writer. He worked as a journalist for the newspaper "Dagbladet" from 1955, and for "Verdens Gang" from 1970. His novel "Operasjon V for vanvidd" from 1968 was basis for a film from 1970. He was awarded the Riverton Prize in 1985 for his crime novel "Spionen som lengtet hjem" ().

</doc>
<doc id="31173118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173118" title="Phascolopsis gouldii">
Phascolopsis gouldii

Phascolopsis gouldi is a species of unsegmented benthic marine worm, also known as a peanut worm or star worm. It lives in burrows in muddy sand in shallow waters off North America.
Description.
"Phascolopsis gouldi" can reach thirty centimetres long and is a smooth slender cylindrical shape. The body is pinkish and divided into an anterior introvert and a posterior trunk. The introvert is about one quarter of the length of the body and can be retracted inside it by turning outside in. This is done by the contraction of two pairs of large introvert retractor muscles which extend from the body wall of the trunk to near the mouth which is at the tip of the introvert in the centre of the oral disc. This is surrounded by a ring of short tentacles that are used for feeding and in gas exchange. They are pink inside due to the presence of the pigment hemerythrin used in oxygen transport. The anus is on a small mound where the trunk and introvert join. The trunk is covered by a thick integument and is largely composed of bands of longitudinal muscles which can be seen through the cuticle. The anterior part of the trunk, into which the introvert retracts, is broader than the posterior part.
Distribution.
This peanut worm is found in shallow coastal waters on the eastern seaboard of the United States from Connecticut to Florida. and Canada. Particular locations where it has been found include Cobscook Bay, the Gulf of Maine, Minister's Island, Indian Point, Newfoundland and the St Lawrence estuary.
Biology.
"Phascolopsis gouldi" burrows in muddy sand. It can pull itself under the surface by pushing its introvert down and then retracting it. It is a deposit and filter feeder, collecting detritus with its tentacles for insertion into its mouth or for consumption after retraction of the introvert. It is able to feed with its introvert while its soft trunk remains in the safety of the burrow. It is dioecious but the sexes are similar. They release eggs and sperm simultaneously into the water and external fertilisation takes place.
Uses.
This peanut worm is used as fish bait, and in Indonesia and the Indo-Pacific region it is used for human consumption.

</doc>
<doc id="31173122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173122" title="Hope (The Blackout album)">
Hope (The Blackout album)

Hope is the third studio album by Welsh post-hardcore band The Blackout. The album was first announced in mid-2010 that the band had begun work on the album. The album was recorded at the end of 2010 and was funded by donations by fans on the website PledgeMusic. Due to drummer Gareth "Snoz" Lawrence injuring himself prior to the recording of the album he does not drum on the album, his place was taken by drummers Phillip Jenkins of Kids in Glass Houses and Tom Winch of Hexes. 
The band released the track "Ambition is Critical" as a free download from their website in January 2011 and the first single to be released from the album was "Higher & Higher", which also features "Hyro Da Hero". The formerly titled "Whatever You Hear, Don't Scream" was released on 13 February 2011 on iTunes as a one track single. On 28 March 2011 it was released again this time with two b-sides, a 'Tek One Remix' and a Live recording from their Nottingham Show on the My Chemical Romance World Contamination Tour. Kerrang! magazine revealed that 'Never By Your Side' would be released as the second single with an expected release date of 30 May 2011.
On 19 July The band released their third video for 'The Storm'. This will be the third single. You're Not Alone was confirmed to be the fourth single.

</doc>
<doc id="31173130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173130" title="Martin Jervan">
Martin Jervan

Martin Volmer Jervan (May 13, 1891 Tallinn – October 15, 1942, Chelyabinsk) was an Estonian Major General and medical doctor. He served as head of the Estonian Army medical service from 1935 until the Soviet occupation in 1940.
On 8 March 1941 Jervan was arrested, deported and subsequently executed in Chelyabinsk prison camp.

</doc>
<doc id="31173136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173136" title="Jaffna Hindu Ladies' College">
Jaffna Hindu Ladies' College

Jaffna Hindu Ladies' College (JHLC) is a provincial school in Jaffna, Sri Lanka.
History.
In 1935 the Jaffna Hindu College started admitting girls. On 10 September 1943 the Board of Management of Jaffna Hindu College and Affiliated Schools established a separate girls school - "Jaffna Hindu Ladies College". This was the first girls "Hindu" school. JHLC was initially located at "Ponnalayam", the home of Sivagurunathar Ponnusamy. JHLC's growth necessitated larger premises and on 27 February 1944 JHLC moved to buildings at Jaffna Hindu College's playgrounds. 
In 1941 Visaladchy Ammal Sivagurunathar, the founder of JHLC, donated land at "Naduththoddam", Arasady Road to the college. The founders husband Ramalingam Sivagurunathar and his niece Mrs. Valliammal Sivaguru also donated land to JHLC, including the Rajavarothaya Pillaiyar Temple. On 7 September 1945 JHLC moved to the Arasady Road site. In 1978 a new school, "Jaffna Hindu Ladies' Primary School", catering for grades 1 to 5 was established next to JHLC.

</doc>
<doc id="31173144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173144" title="Esporte Clube Espigão">
Esporte Clube Espigão

Esporte Clube Espigão, commonly known as Espigão, is a Brazilian football club based in Espigão d'Oeste, Rondônia state. They won the Campeonato Rondoniense once.
History.
The club was founded on June 7, 2008. Espigão won the Campeonato Rondoniense Second Level in 2008. They won the Campeonato Rondoniense in 2011, after beating Ariquemes in the final.
Stadium.
Esporte Clube Espigão play their home games at Estádio Municipal Luizinho Turatti, nicknamed "Espigão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31173156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173156" title="Pedro Costa (disambiguation)">
Pedro Costa (disambiguation)

Pedro Costa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31173159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173159" title="Re Brian D Pierson (Contractors) Ltd">
Re Brian D Pierson (Contractors) Ltd

Re Brian D Pierson (Contractors) Ltd BCC 26 is a UK insolvency law and company law case, concerning misfeasance and wrongful trading.
Facts.
Brian D Pierson (Contractors) Ltd built and maintained golf courses. It fell into difficulty after contracting parties failed to pay on two projects. It continued to trade. In June 1994 the auditor reported a ‘fundamental uncertainty’ about whether the company would continue as a going concern. (Importantly, this was not, however, what is known as a ‘going concern qualification’ of the accounts which would amount to an expression of the auditor’s ‘significant doubt’ about the company’s ability to continue as a going concern.) It went into insolvent liquidation in January 1996. The liquidator, amongst others, applied for a contribution for wrongful trading for the period after June 1994. The court considered whether at that point in time the directors ought to have realised that there was no reasonable prospect of avoiding insolvent liquidation.
Judgment.
Hazel Williamson QC held there was wrongful trading from June 1994, but company’s losses were partly due to extraneous actors like bad weather. The order was accordingly reduced by 30%. She noted that under IA 1986 s 214, ‘One cannot be a “sleeping director”; the function of “directing” on its own requires some consideration of the company’s affairs to be exercised.’
Furthermore, the absence of warnings from one’s advisers is no excuse for wrongful trading.

</doc>
<doc id="31173167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173167" title="Battle of Tangier (1437)">
Battle of Tangier (1437)

The 1437 Battle of Tangier, sometimes referred to as the Siege of Tangiers, refers to the attempt by a Portuguese expeditionary force to seize the Moroccan citadel of Tangier, and their subsequent defeat by the armies of the Marinid sultanate of Morocco.
The Portuguese expeditionary force, led by Prince Henry the Navigator, Duke of Viseu, set out from Portugal in August, 1437, intending to seize a series of Moroccan coastal citadels. The Portuguese laid siege to Tangier in mid-September. After a few failed assaults on the city, the Portuguese force was attacked and defeated by a large Moroccan relief army led by vizier Abu Zakariya Yahya al-Wattasi of Fez. The Moroccans subsequently encircled the Portuguese siege camp and starved it to submission. To preserve his army from destruction, Henry negotiated a treaty promising to return the citadel of Ceuta (captured earlier in 1415) to Morocco, in return for being allowed to withdraw his troops. As it turns out, the terms of the treaty were never fulfilled, the Portuguese decided to hold on to Ceuta and allowed the Portuguese hostage, the king's own brother Ferdinand the Holy Prince, to remain in Moroccan captivity, where he perished in 1443. 
The Tangiers fiasco was a tremendous setback for the prestige and reputation of Henry the Navigator, who had personally conceived, promoted and led the expedition. Simultaneously, it was an enormous boon to the political fortunes of the vizier Abu Zakariya Yahya al-Wattasi, who was transformed overnight from an unpopular regent to a national hero, allowing him to consolidate his power over Morocco. 
This was the first of four attempts by the Portuguese to seize the city of Tangier in the 15th century.
Background.
The Moroccan citadel of Ceuta, on the southern side of the Straits of Gibraltar, had been seized in 1415 in a surprise attack by the Kingdom of Portugal. (See Battle of Ceuta). The Marinid rulers of Morocco had tried to recover it in a 1418-19, but failed. The assassination of the Marinid sultan in 1420 sent Morocco reeling into political chaos and internal disorder for the next few years, giving the Portuguese time to entrench themselves in Ceuta. 
Whatever its original objectives, the capture of Ceuta had profited the Portuguese little. The Moroccans had cut off all of Ceuta's trade and supplies from the landward side. Ceuta became little more than a large empty, windswept fortress-city, with an expensive Portuguese garrison that had to be continually re-supplied from across the sea. There had been no follow-up Portuguese campaigns in North Africa, with the result that the Ceuta garrison had little to do, beyond sitting tight and eating through the king's treasury. There were growing calls in the Portuguese court to simply withdraw the troops and abandon Ceuta.
Henry's Proposal.
In 1416, King John I of Portugal placed his son, the Portuguese prince Henry the Navigator, Duke of Viseu, in charge of supplying and provisioning Ceuta. As a result, Henry was disinclined to abandoning the city, and instead urged an expansion of Portuguese holdings in Morocco. 
In 1432, Henry the Navigator proposed to his father King John I of Portugal an ambitious project to allow him to lead of war of conquest of Marinid Morocco, or at least carve out a wider regional enclave in the north. The king called on the royal council, including the rest of his sons - the "Ínclita Geração" - for consultation. Henry's brothers, the princes Edward of Portugal, Peter of Coimbra, John of Reguengos, their half-brother Afonso of Barcelos and Afonso's grown sons, Ferdinand of Arraiolos and Afonso of Ourém almost unanimously pronounced themselves against the project. They cited the lack of Portuguese manpower, the huge expense of conquering and holding such a large area and questioned the purpose and legal basis of the conquest. Moreover, they subtly expressed doubts about Henry's ability to lead such an expedition, and suggested that if Henry was intent on military glory or crusade, then he perhaps ought to enter the service of the Crown of Castile and campaign on the Granadan frontier instead. (Indeed, such a proposal was submitted to Castile a month later (July 1432) by a Portuguese emissary, but was rejected out of hand by the Castilian strongman Álvaro de Luna.)
In defense of the project, Henry pointed out the Marinid kingdom of Morocco was deeply fractured among rebellious lords and the leadership in Fez was embroiled in political crisis. The young Marinid sultan Abd al-Haqq II was coming of age, but his unpopular Wattasid vizier (and regent since 1420), Abu Zakariya Yahya al-Wattasi, refused to yield power. Henry calculated the divided and distracted Marinids would not be able to organize much of a defense, that the time was opportune to take another bite out of Morocco. Henry also believed the manpower concerns were exaggerated, that it would be sufficient to seize and hold the critical ports of Tangier, Ksar es-Seghir and Asilah, to exert Portuguese dominance over all of northern Morocco, and that should the pope give the campaign the privileges of a Crusade, soldiers from all over Portugal and Christian Europe would rally to enlist and fill in the gap. 
King John I himself seemed inclined towards the project, but died in 1433 before any further steps were taken. His oldest son and successor, Edward of Portugal set the project aside, but Henry continued lobbying for it. Henry soon obtained a critical ally, his youngest brother Prince Ferdinand, who was dissatisfied with his meager estates in Portugal and eager to seek out his fortune overseas. In 1435, Henry and Ferdinand jointly informed Edward that they intended to campaign in Morocco on their own if need be, with their own resources, taking their Military Orders with them - Henry his Order of Christ and Ferdinand his Order of Aviz. Edward, backed by his other brothers, tried to dissuade them, and urged Henry and Ferdinand to go on campaign for Castile instead. This time, however, Henry seemed to have roped in an unlikely ally, Edward's wife, Eleanor of Aragon. Being the sister of the rebellious 'Infantes of Aragon', Eleanor had no desire to see Portuguese arms used to assist the Crown of Castile, and so she nudged her husband towards authorizing the Moroccan expedition. What probably finally won Edward over was the bachelor Henry's promise to adopt Edward's younger son, Infante Ferdinand (future Duke of Viseu), as the sole heir to all his seigneurial estates, thus relieving the king from having to provide for his inheritance. Henry wrote out his will in his nephew's favor in March 1436, and that very month, Edward launched preparations for the expedition.
Preparations.
In March, 1436, Edward and Henry laid out the first plans for a campaign to capture Tangier, Ksar es-Seghir and Asilah. The total force envisaged was 14,000 - 4,000 horse and 10,000 foot. (Or, more precisely in Pina's breakdown: 3,500 knights, 500 mounted archers, 7000 infantry, 2500 foot archers and 500 servants. Contractors were sent out immediately for the ports of England, Castile, Flanders and northern Germany to contract additional transport ships and supplies. 
In mid-April 1436, King Edward of Portugal assembled the Portuguese Cortes in Evora to raise funds for the expedition. The proposal met a skeptical response. The burghers were largely opposed to the expedition. Nonetheless, the Cortes voted for a modest subsidy, not without complaint. 
According to chronicler Ruy de Pina, Edward 'forgot' to summon the dissenting brothers - Peter of Coimbra, John of Reguengos and Afonso of Barcelos - to the Evora parliament. So the three were invited to the king's court in Leiria in August, 1436 to submit their votes. Although they were warned by the king that their vote was immaterial, that the project was going forward regardless, all three nonetheless insisted on registering their vote against it.
Papal Bulls.
In the meantime, Henry the Navigator had been busy lobbying the pope to endorse the expedition. This bore fruit in September 1436, when Pope Eugenius IV issued the bull "Rex Regnum" blessing the Tangiers enterprise with the privileges of a crusade. However this was not issued without misgivings. Pope Eugenius IV requested learned opinions on the legality of Henry's war of conquest in Muslim Morocco. The legal opinions, delivered between August and October 1436, notably the reports by Bologna jurists Antonio Minucci da Pratoveccio and Antonio de Rosellis, deeply doubted the "jus bellum" foundations of the expedition. 
But another of Henry's side-projects nearly sunk the whole enterprise. That same month (September 1436), Pope Eugenius IV issued another bull at Henry's request, "Romanus Pontifex", granting Portugal the right to subjugate the unconquered part of the Canary Islands. This bold intrusion roused the Crown of Castile, who had long laid claim to the islands, and was still in the process of conquering them. The Castilian prelate Alfonso de Cartagena, Bishop of Burgos, then attending the Council of Basel, launched a legal offensive, supplying volumes of documents proving that all of the Canaries rightfully belonged to Castile. Recognizing that he had been misled by Henry, Pope Eugenius IV withdrew the Canaries bull that November. 
But Alfonso de Cartagena was not done. Eager to punish Henry for his impertinence, the Castilian diplomat submitted more claims - urging the Pope to restore several Portuguese bishoprics back under Compostela's jurisdiction, to revoke the autonomy of the Portuguese military orders (and fold them under the Castilian orders), to revoke the Tangier bull in light of Castile's 'right of conquest' over Morocco and even demanding the handover of Ceuta as rightfully Castilian (a point that had never been raised before). While it is probable that Cartagena was only half-serious, and sought merely to rattle Henry, the sudden splurge of Castilian claims nearly sank the Tangier expedition, and even opened alarm at the prospect of a new war between Portugal and Castile. 
The quarrel was still going strong through the Spring of 1437. On April 30, 1437, Pope Eugenius IV issued the bull "Dominatur Dominus" revoking some portions of the prior September's Tangier bull which might be interpreted as implicating the Castilian right of conquest. As late as May 1437, Edward of Portugal was still threatening to cancel the Tangier expedition and take up arms against Castile to defend some controversial border parishes. But the diplomatic quarrel eventually calmed down and petered out by the early Summer of 1437.
Departure.
In the late Summer of 1437, after a year of preparation, the Portuguese expeditionary force was finally ready to set out. The levies had been disappointing. Pina reports only some 6,000 Portuguese soldiers in all (3,000 knights, 2,000 infantry, 1,000 archers) - that is, less than half of the 14,000 force anticipated Álvares reports higher numbers - 7,000 out of Lisbon, plus additions from Porto and Ceuta. Nonetheless, the turnout was much lower than expected, in good part due on the unpopularity of the expedition. But there were also problems with contracting transports abroad. The transport ships that showed up (mostly English and Basque) were hardly enough to ferry even this reduced force. It is reported that some of the levies (as much as a quarter) had to be left behind in Lisbon. Nonetheless, it was decided to press forward, assuming the remainder would be eventually ferried when the missing transports arrived.
By King Edward's order, Prince Henry the Navigator was assigned overall command of the expedition, and was to sail out with the troops from Lisbon. His experienced nephew Ferdinand (Count of Arraiolos) (who had earlier pronounced himself against the expedition) was appointed constable of the nobles and sent to Porto, to organize the embarcation of troops from northern Portugal. Among the other nobles participating in the enterprise were Henry's brother Ferdinand the Holy Prince (naturally), the marshal of the kingdom Vasco Fernandes Coutinho (future Count of Marialva) and the admiral of the sail fleet ("capitão-mor da frota") Álvaro Vaz de Almada (future Count of Avranches). The prelate D.Álvaro de Abreu (Bishop of Evora) would go as papal legate. The knights of Henry's Order of Christ and Ferdinand's Order of Aviz were ordered to follow their masters to North Africa. D. Fernando de Castro, governor of Henry's household, would lead the Henry's household knights and squires, while his relative and namesake D. Fernando de Castro 'o Cegonho', governor of Infante Ferdinand's household, led the latter's household knights.
On August 17, 1437, there was a solemn ceremony at the Lisbon Cathedral, where Henry the Navigator received King Edward's royal standard. After receiving their final instructions, the Lisbon fleet finally left the harbor of Belém on August 22.
Morocco's Defenses.
Unlike at Ceuta in 1415, the Portuguese did not enjoy the element of surprise. The noisy diplomacy and lengthy preparations had given Moroccans, despite their political divisions, ample time to prepare the defenses of the targeted citadels. Fortifications were improved, garrisons were reinforced and the mountain passes around Ceuta were sealed off. 
Seeing this already in motion in 1436, the Ceuta commander D. Pedro de Menezes (Count of Vila Real) dispatched a detachment of his garrison under his son Duarte de Menezes to raid the Moroccan city of Tétouan to the south, to prevent it from becoming a threat to future Portuguese operations. But this did not seem to affect the strengthening of Moroccan defenses elsewhere. 
Tangier was under the command of the Marinid governor Salah ibn Salah (called "Çallabençalla" by the Portuguese chronicles), the very same man who had been governor of Ceuta back in 1415, now probably quite advanced in years, and probably eager for revenge. (Salah ibn Salah was a Marinid vassal whose original dominions ranged along the northern ooast, including Asilah, Tangier and Ceuta). Salah ibn Salah counted on a garrison of about 7,000 men, including a contingent of crack sharpshooters imported from the Emirate of Granada. 
In the Marinid capital of Fez, the strongman Abu Zakariya Yahya al-Wattasi (called "Lazeraque" by the Portuguese chroniclers), the unpopular vizier of the young Marinid sultan Abd al-Haqq II (called "Abdelac" in the chronicles), launched an appeal for national unity and Holy War to expel the Portuguese intruders. Although, for the past fifteen years. Morocco had fragmented into virtually autonomous statelets ruled by rival regional governors, paying only lip service (if any) to the Marinid sultan, the governors answered Abu Zakariya's call. Troops from all corners of Morocco were set into motion, ready to place themselves at Fez's disposal to relieve Tangier and expel the infidel invaders.
Portuguese Siege of Tangiers.
March from Ceuta.
Henry's Lisbon fleet arrived in Ceuta on August 27, 1437, where they were greeted by the Ceuta garrison commander D. Pedro de Menezes (Count of Vila Real). The Porto fleet of Ferdinand of Arraiolos had arrived shortly before. A muster was held and commands assigned. Rather than wait for new transports to bring the troops that were left behind, Henry determined to continue with what the ones he had. 
The original plan was probably to proceed along the coast and seize Ksar es-Seghir, then Tangier and then Asilah in sequence. But this was quickly shelved. A scouting force sent out to examine the road to Ksar es-Seghir found strong resistance in the mountain passes leading to the city. As a result, Henry and his war council decided to side-step Ksar es-Seghir and aim for Tangier first. The army was split - part of it would go by ship with Prince Ferdinand, while the bulk would march overland, under Henry's personal command. The overland column was to take a long circuitous loop, through the south, via the ruins of Tétouan, then across the mountains and back up to Tangier.
Henry's overland column left Ceuta on September 9 in nearly processional array. The vanguard was led by Ferdinand of Arraiolos. The right wing was led by D. Fernando de Castro (head of Henry's household), the left wing by his relative and namesake D. Fernando de Castro 'o Cegonho' (head of Ferdinand's household). Henry himself led the center. D. Duarte de Menezes carried the royal standard in his father's place (Ceuta governor D. Pedro de Menezes was the "alferes-mor", or official standard bearer of the realm, but had fallen ill at this time and was forced to remain behind.) Henry's personal standard was carried by Rui de Mello da Cunha. To inspire the troops, religious banners were unfurled bearing the images of the Virgin Mary, Christ as Crusader, the late King John I and the late beatified constable Nuno Álvares Pereira. The papal legate D.Álvaro de Abreu, Bishop of Evora, carried a piece of the True Cross, lent by Pope Eugenius IV for the occasion.
The overland column did not meet any significant incidents, and arrived in the outskirts of Tangier on September 13. Ferdinand had already disembarked on a nearby beach (around Punta de los Judios). According to eyewitness Frei João Álvares, Henry launched the first assault on Tangier on the very day he arrived. But chronicler Ruy de Pina reports the first assault was not launched until a week later. (For this article, the dating and events largely follows Pina's account. The alternative timeline of Álvares will be summarized later.)
According to Pina, the Portuguese spent about a week raising a fortified siege camp on a hill west of Tangier. In a decision that was later to prove fateful, Henry ordered that the palisade protecting the Portuguese siege camp encircle the camp completely. This went against King Edward's advice to ensure the palisade extended down to the beach, to offer the Portuguese besiegers protected access to the anchored ships. But given the unpopularity of the expedition, Henry probably calculated it was necessary to deprive the reluctant Portuguese levies of the temptation for an easy retreat back to the ships.
Before departure, King Edward had given Henry explicit instructions to take the city by assault within the first week, and that if Tangier had not fallen after one week, the Portuguese expeditionary force was to withdraw and winter in Ceuta and wait until the Spring for further orders. These instructions were probably given in light of the news of the mobilization of the Moroccan armies, knowing that the expeditionary force was inadequate to take on such an army in the field. There were also concerns about the lingering anchored fleet braving the worsening weather in the Straits of Gibraltar at this time of year. Henry would ignore these instructions.
First Assault (Sep 20).
On September 20 (according to Ruy de Pina), Henry finally ordered the first assault on the city, attacking five points at the same time, Henry personally leading one of the assault teams himself. But it quickly failed - the scaling ladders were too few and, as it turns out, too short, to reach the top of the walls. The assaulters had to withdraw. Portuguese casualties amounted to some 20 dead and 500 wounded.
The artillery had also proven too weak to do much damage. In the wake of the assault, Henry ordered larger ordnance cannon to be shipped in from Ceuta. It would take at least another week before they arrived, eating up precious time that the Portuguese could ill-afford.
Back in Ceuta, the illness of governor Pedro de Menezes had taken a turn for the worse. With Henry's permission, Duarte de Menezes rushed back to receive his father's blessing on his deathbed before he expired on September 22. It was probably Duarte de Menezes who organized the forwarding of the artillery and supplies to Tangier, and was himself back at the siege shortly after.
First Relief Army (Sep 30).
Soon after the first assault, the first Moroccan relief troops arrived in Tangiers. A column of 300 elite Portuguese knights was sent to intercept them, but they were swiftly swept aside. Some fifty Portuguese knights were cut down, and the rest barely escaped. The death of several leading nobles caused some consternation in the Portuguese camp. 
On September 30, a larger Moroccan army appeared over the hills of Tangier. The Portuguese chroniclers, with probable exaggeration, claim it was composed of 10,000 horsemen and 90,000 foot Henry moved his army to a hillside, offering battle, but the Moroccans just held their position in the valley. After three motionless hours, Henry ordered the Portuguese to march against them and force the issue, but the Moroccans just retreated back up the hills, evidently wishing to hold the higher ground. Seeing their motion, Henry called off the attack, and returned with his troops back to the siege lines. The next day (October 1), much the same maneouvers were repeated, with the same results.
On October 3, the dance changed slightly: the Moroccan army began a threatening march towards the siege lines. Henry quickly arrayed his troops in two lines. The Moroccans then suddenly halted. Henry seized the initiative and sent his stronger left wing, under Alvaro Vaz de Almada and Duarte de Menezes, to take a height on the Moroccan flank, and ordered his first line forward. Seeing the flanking maneouver, the Moroccans began to retreat. At that moment, the Tangier garrison burst out in a sortie against the siege camp, which was being held by a reserve force under Diogo Lopes de Sousa. Evidently, the Moroccans had hoped Henry's line would break back to rescue the camp, but Sousa's reserves successfully repelled the sally by themselves. The height taken and the Portuguese line advancing unabated, the Moroccans called a retreat and broke the engagement.
The Portuguese counted this encounter as a victory. Soldiers reported seeing the vision of a white cross appear in the sky that very evening.
Second Assault (Oct 5).
Their morale restored, the Portuguese decided to proceed with a new assault on the city. Their scaling ladders were now extended, a new siege tower had been built and the two larger ordnance cannons shipped in from Ceuta was finally doing serious damage on the gates and walls of the city. On October 5, Henry ordered the second assault. Henry led the assault force himself, leaving the rest of the troops under Ferdinand the Holy, Ferdinand of Arraiolos and Bishop Álvaro of Evora, to defend their flanks and keep the Moroccan relief army at bay. But the second assault failed as badly as the first. The city's defenders rushed to the critical points, and poured on rapid and heavy missile fire. The Portuguese assaulters were prevented from even reaching the walls (only one ladder managed to be set up - and was promptly destroyed).
Moroccan Turn-around.
Second Relief Army (Oct 9).
On October 9, Henry was preparing his third assault when a new massive Moroccan army - reported (with doubtless exaggeration) to be some 60,000 horse and 700,000 foot. This massive army was personally led by Abu Zakariya Yahya al-Wattasi ("Lazeraque"), the vizier of the Marinid sultan Abd al-Haqq II of Fez (whom the chroniclers suggest was also present). The chroniclers report the army was composed of "many kings" (Fez, Marrakesh, Sijilmassa, Velez, etc.). The Tangier relief campaign was probably the first time since 1419 that a unified army from all of Morocco had been assembled.
Prince Henry realized the Portuguese were hopelessy outnumbered, that the siege was lost and the best they could do was to fight an orderly rearguard action back to the ships. All the seamen were ordered to prepare sail, while the army was arrayed to defend a retreat of the assault force back to the fortified siege camp lines. The marshal Coutinho was given command of the artillery, the admiral Almada would take the infantry, while Henry himself took command of the cavalry.
The arriving Moroccan army did not pause but attacked at once. The Portuguese advance posts were quickly overwhelmed and the way to the city cleared. The Moroccans then charged the Portuguese forces. The artillery batteries were quickly overrun and taken. The Moroccan charge then turned on Henry's cavalry - which quickly broke and beat a retreat back to the siege camp line. Henry's own horse was killed from under him, effectively disabling his ability to survey the field and organize the retreat. It is said that Henry was alone on foot for a while, surrounded by Moroccan cavalry, and saved only by the heroics and personal sacrifice of Fernão Alvares Cabral and a group of his guards who rushed in to extract him. 
The retreat nearly turned into a rout when about one thousand of the Portuguese soldiers, nobles among them, abandoned the siege line and fled in panic all the way down to the beach to make for the ships. It was only by the furious fighting of those remainder on the palisade that the Moroccan army did not manage to overwhelm and take the siege camp that very day. The battle was broken off by evening. The Moroccan army encircled and settled down to a siege of the Portuguese siege camp.
Siege of the Portuguese Camp.
Overnight, the Portuguese besiegers - now besieged - set about repairing and strengthening the defenses of the siege camp. The next day, the Moroccans launched another assault on the siege camp, but were repelled after a heavy four-hour fight. 
Chronicler Frei João Álvares reports that at this point, the Portuguese expeditionary force in the siege camp was a mere 3,000, implying that of the original 7,000 who arrived at Tangier, 4,000 or so had already died or deserted by now. 
The Portuguese camp was certainly in a desperate situation, with only a day or so worth of food left. When these ran out, Henry resolved on a night operation to breach the Moroccan lines and force his army's passage to the beach and the idling ships. But this operation was detected before it even began (Pina says it was revealed by the treason of Henry's own chaplain, Martim Vieira, who had turned over to the Marinids). The Moroccans reinforced the posts guarding the paths to the sea, cutting off all hope of escape for the Portuguese army.
Truce and Negotiations (Oct 12).
What happened next is a bit more contested. Chronicler Ruy de Pina reports that, on October 12, having taken many casualties, Abu Zakariya called off further assaults on the camp and decided to open communications to the Portuguese defenders, offering to make peace in return for Ceuta. But Frei João Álvares contradicts this, and reports it was the Portuguese who initiated the offer through secret emissaries already on the first day. Álvares reports this offer made no impression on the Moroccans at first. It is true the assaults were suspended on October 11, but that was also a Friday, the Muslim holy day ("jumu'ah"). It was only during this interlude that Abu Zakariya decided to consider the Portuguese offer, and a truce was called for Saturday, October 12. 
The talks were personally conducted by Portuguese emissary Rui Gomes da Silva, alcaide of Campo Maior, and for the Moroccan side, by Salah ibn Salah, emir of Tangier. There was dissent on what terms to offer. Pina suggests that some of the Moroccan commanders, upset at how the negotiations were being conducted on their behalf, withdrew from the truce. The renegades launched an assault on the Portuguese siege camp that Saturday that lasted a full seven hours.
After that assault, Henry took account of the desperate conditions in the Portuguese camp. The army was starving, horses and beasts of burden were eaten. Thirst also began taking its deadly toll - the siege camp contained but a single small well, sufficient to slake only about one hundred men per day. With so many wounded and weakened, Henry did not have enough men to garrison the full length of the stockade. With the tacit permission of the Moroccan leaders, in an overnight operation on Saturday evening, Henry had his men reduce the circumference of the siege camp (and shift it slightly closer to the sea), allowing the Portuguese to defend themselves more effectively against renegade skirmishers. There were no more assaults on the Portuguese siege camp. The truce was observed from Sunday, October 13 onwards.
The Treaty (Oct 16-17).
The treaty was finally concluded on Wednesday, October 16, 1437, and signed the next day (October 17) by Prince Henry and Salah ibn Salah. The Moroccans would allow the Portuguese army to withdraw to their ships unmolested, but they were to leave behind all artillery, weapons, baggage, tents and horses. The Portuguese soldiers were to go empty-handed, taking only the clothes they were wearing. Most crucially, Henry promised to deliver Ceuta to the Marinids - to withdraw the Portuguese garrison and leave behind any and all Moroccan prisoners that were held there. He also committed Portugal to one hundred years of peace with Morocco and other Muslim states in North Africa. 
To ensure the safe evacution of Portuguese soldiers to their ships, hostages were swapped - the Tangier governor Salah ibn Salah handed over his own son to the Portuguese, in return for a group of four noble Portuguese hostages (identified as Pedro de Ataíde, João Gomes de Avelar, Aires da Cunha and Gomes da Cunha). As security for the final fulfilment of the treaty terms, Henry's own brother, Ferdinand the Holy Prince, was to remain behind in Morocco, as a hostage of Salah ibn Salah, until Ceuta was delivered. Pina claims that Henry refused this condition, and offered himself in his brother's place, but that the others in his council would not allow it.
Upon being delivered to Salah ibn Salah, the noble hostage Prince Ferdinand the Holy and his small entourage of servants, which included the secretary Frei João Álvares, was immediately dispatched under Salah ibn Salah's guard to Asilah.
Portuguese chroniclers report that at the very final stage, some renegade Moroccans attacked the embarking Portuguese on the beach - killing an additional forty. But the skirmish was probably provoked by Portuguese soldiers trying to smuggle some of the forbidden weapons with them. Nonetheless, this beach skirmish would later provide the excuse that the Moroccans had 'broken the treaty' first, thus rendering it void. 
By October 19, the troops were all aboard and the ships set sail. It is said that the honor of being the last men to leave the beach was shared between the admiral Álvaro Vaz de Almada and the marshal Vasco Fernandes Coutinho. After the embarcation was complete, Henry decided not to release Salah ibn Salah's son (as he was supposed to). As a result, Salah ibn Salah also held on to his four noble hostages, and dispatched them under arms to Asilah.
In all, the siege of Tangiers lasted 37 days - 25 days with the Portuguese besieging Tangiers, 12 days with the Moroccans besieging the Portuguese camp. It is said that Portuguese casualties numbered 500 dead and unknown number injured. Moroccan casualties are unknown.
Alternative timeline.
The timeline and events proposed above follows that reported by royal chronicler Ruy de Pina. However, Frei João Álvares, who was an eyewitness to the battle, places the dates and events on a somewhat different timeline. Álvares reports that Tangier was assaulted immediately on the first day the expeditionary force arrived (September 13), a second assault within a couple of days (14th or 15th). The first attack by a Moroccan relief army is placed on the 16th, another the next day (17th), before the larger set piece encounter in the valley and the sally by the Tangier garrison (September 19). Álvares reports a third failed assault (Pina's second) on Tangier on September 20. The arrival of Abu Zakariya's army and the battle of Tangiers is dated on September 25. The second Moroccan assault on the siege camp on Sep. 26th, and the first emissaries sent by the Portuguese to the Marinid camp right after. The 7-hour assault of the siege camp is dated Sep. 28, with the opening of talks in the aftermath. Two more Moroccan assaults (Oct 1 and Oct 3) are reported, before the truce finally holds. The finalization of the agreement and swapping of the hostages occurs on October 16 and signing of treaty on October 17.
It is worth remarking that both chroniclers seem to agree that one week elapsed between Abu Zakariya's arrival and the truce and opening of talks. Where Álvares differs most significantly is in suggesting that talks dragged out for another two weeks. Unless the Moroccans allowed the entry of supplies into the siege camp during that interlude, the conditions in the Portuguese siege camp at the end must have been quite dire.
Aftermath.
Prince Henry the Navigator did not return to Lisbon to report to his brother, King Edward of Portugal, but rather sailed directly to Ceuta. Henry assigned D. Fernando de Castro the duty of bringing his troops home and giving the account of the expedition and its defeat. In Ceuta, Henry barricaded himself in his lodgings for several weeks, with hardly a word to anyone - evidently, Henry had fallen into a deep depression. The new Portuguese governor of Ceuta, Fernando de Noronha, who had been appointed to succeed his father-in-law, the late Pedro de Menezes, arrived in Ceuta around this time. He must have been surprised to hear that a treaty had been signed to evacuate the garrison he had just been appointed to command. With Henry esconsed in his room, not speaking to anyone, Noronha was not sure how to proceed.
News soon reached Portugal. A little earlier, sometime in September, the constable John of Reguengos had travelled to the southern province of the Algarve to raise more troops and organize the dispatch of reinforcements and supplies to Henry in Tangier. Being in the south, John was among the first people in the country to hear of the turn-around in Tangier, and the encirclement of the Portuguese camp. John of Reguengos immediately set sail for Africa with all the ships, men and supplies he had at hand. However, strong contrary winds prevented John's flotilla from reaching Tangier. At length, hearing of the capitulation of the Portuguese camp, John changed direction and headed to the Moroccan port of Asilah. There, John entered into frantic negotiations with Salah ibn Salah's officials, hoping to secure the release of his younger brother Ferdinand, but to no avail. John returned to Portugal empty-handed.
King Edward of Portugal received the news of the turn-around on October 19, at his residence in Santarém. Peter of Coimbra, then in Lisbon, received the news around the same time, and immediately set about assembling an armada to rescue his brothers. But Peter was still in Lisbon when the advance ships of the returning fleet arrived in Lisbon harbor with the news of the Portuguese capitulation and treaty.
After the initial shock, the question of what to do was posed immediately. The quandary would become the anvil of the "Ínclita Geração". The princely brothers had been made knights when their father captured Ceuta back in 1415. And they now looked to be undone by it. Peter of Coimbra and John of Reguengos, who had both long argued for abandoning Ceuta, had no doubt on what the course of action should be: fulfill the treaty and evacuate Ceuta. King Edward had enough powers to order it, but was caught in indecision. 
After a prolonged silence, Henry eventually dispatched a letter from Ceuta to Edward, arguing against fulfilling the treaty he had himself signed. Henry noted that the skirmish on the beach exempted the Portuguese from fulfilling the agreement, and proposed instead that perhaps they could swap Salah ibn Salah's son (still being held by Henry) for Prince Ferdinand. But Edward himself received a note from the captive Ferdinand at the same time, reporting that the Marinids would accept nothing less than Ceuta, and wondering why it had not been evacuated yet. It is clear from these letters, that, contrary to later legend (propagated by Henry himself), Ferdinand did not seek out a martyr's fate, that he expected the treaty to be fulfilled and to be swiftly released.
Cortes of Leiria.
Uncertain of what to do, King Edward of Portugal summoned the Portuguese Cortes to Leiria in January, 1438 for consultation. Henry did not attend the summons, but remained in Ceuta. 
The Cortes of Leiria opened on January 25, 1438. Before the Cortes, King Edward (via a spokesman) openly blamed Henry's neglect of his military instructions for the debacle at Tangier. But there was no getting away from the fact that Edward had authorized the expedition himself, against the advice of others, including the Cortes itself. A letter from the captive Ferdinand was read before the Cortes. The letter urged the fulfillment of the treaty, expressing Ferdinand's desire to be released and outlining why holding on to Ceuta served Portugal little purpose. Once again, Pedro of Coimbra and John of Reguengos, who had opposed the expedition from the start, urged the Cortes to ratify the treaty and surrender Ceuta immediately. The prelates agreed - although the Archbishop of Braga added that the Pope's approval should also be sought. Most of the burghers also agreed - save for those of the major commercial port cities of Lisbon, Porto and Lagos, who felt that the release of a prince was too small a reward for so important a city, and that perhaps the treaty could be renegotiated. Ultimately, it was the noble magnates that sank the proposal. Rallied by Ferdinand of Arraiolos, the constable who had led the nobles at Tangier (although he earlier opposed the expedition), the Portuguese nobles opposed the swap altogether. Arraiolos argued fervently that reneging the treaty was no dishonor, as it had been signed under duress. The Cortes was dissolved without a decision being made.
In June 1438, no longer able to resist his brother's summons, Prince Henry finally left Ceuta and returned to Portugal, although he requested exemption from presenting himself in the king's court in Evora. King Edward went out to meet in him at a private conference in Portel. It was probably there that the decision to hold on to Ceuta was definitively made. Henry proposed alternative schemes to secure Ferdinand's release - ransoming for money, persuading Castile and Aragon to join in a mass release of Muslim prisoners, raising a new army and invading Morocco again, etc. Henry proposed a myriad of schemes to release Ferdinand, but delivering Ceuta was not one of them.
In May 1438, citing six months of foot-dragging, Abu Zakariya Yahya al-Wattasi, vizier of the Marinid palace in Fez, took charge of the noble hostage from Salah ibn Salah, and ordered Ferdinand transferred from his comfortable quarters in Asilah to a common jail in Fez. There, Ferdinand's status was downgraded, and he was subjected to humiliating ordeals by his captors, including being kept in chains for prolonged periods. According to the chronicler Frei João Álvares (who was there with him), Ferdinand bore the humiliations with stoic resilience.
Castro Mission, 1440-41.
King Edward of Portugal died in August 1438 (of pestilence, said his doctors; of heartbreak over the hapless fate of Ferdinand, said popular lore). Edward's death provoked an internal conflict in Portugal over the regency for his young son, the new king Afonso V of Portugal, and the kingdom became distracted. At length, the upper hand was gained by Edward's brother, Peter of Coimbra, who finally became regent of Portugal in 1439.
The fulfillment of the treaty was among the new regent's first orders of business. Peter of Coimbra immediately dispatched two emissaries, Martim Tavora and Gomes Eanes, to Asilah to negotiate the logistics of the swap of Ceuta for Ferdinand. In theory, Ferdinand was Salah ibn Salah's hostage, even though he was de facto in Fez, in the custody of Abu Zakariya. Salah had recently died and his brother (whom the chroniclers call "Muley Buquer" - Abu Bakr?) had succeeded him as governor of Tangier and Asilah (Salah's own son was then still in Portuguese captivity). It was 'Muley Buquer' who put the preliminary conditions for the swap - firstly, that the Ceuta governor Fernando de Noronha must be relieved from office (his reputation was such that the Moroccans believed he would contrive to prevent the swap), and that upon fulfillment of that, Muley Buquer would request from Abu Zakariya the transfer of Ferdinand from Fez back to Asilah. How exactly it would proceed from there is unclear, but presumably the swap would follow.
Receiving the report, Peter of Coimbra appointed D. Fernando de Castro (the head of Henry's household and an experienced diplomat) in charge of the operation. In April 1440 (sometimes dated as 1441), Castro set out with a Portuguese flotilla to Ceuta, to take over the city from the governor Fernando de Noronha, and begin the evacuation of the Portuguese garrison and the handover to the Marinids. In the meantime, the embassy of Martim de Tavora and Gomes Eanes was to return to Asilah to receive the released Prince Ferdinand from the Moroccans. 
The operation started out inauspiciously. The flotilla went out in a celebratory mood - the ambitious Fernando de Castro openly fantasized that the released Infante Ferdinand might be persuaded to marry his own daughter on the spot, and prepared a rich and well-stocked expedition, packing the ships with banquet finery, an entourage of notables, and a bodyguard of some 1200 troops. But on the outward journey, around Cape Saint Vincent, the Portuguese flotilla was ambushed by Genoese pirates. The lead ship was boarded and Fernando de Castro killed, before the other ships could reach him. The pirates scampered away (suspicions that Noronha may have had a hand in directing the Genoese pirates to sabotage the mission have not been ruled out). Hearing the news, Peter of Coimbra hurriedly dispatched instructions to Castro's son, Álvaro de Castro, to take over his father's credentials and fulfill the mission. 
In the meantime, Tavora and Eanes arrived in Asilah. The elder Castro's death led to a little confusion, but once it was clarified that Noronha was indeed officially relieved, the transfer request was forwarded by Muley Buquer to Fez. Tavora and Eanes sent their own representative, a Portuguese Jew known only as 'Mestre José' (Master Joseph), to accompany the request and presumably escort Ferdinand back to Asilah. Arriving in Fez in May, the emissaries presented the vizier Abu Zakariya with sealed letters from Peter of Coimbra confirming Noronha's dismissal and a copy of the royal instructions given to Castro to evacuate Ceuta. But Abu Zakariya refused to assent to the transfer request. Instead, the vizier replied that Ferdinand would remain in Fez and that he would fulfill the swap himself once Ceuta was evacuated. What followed is a bit murky. Master Joseph was accused (and confessed to) being part of a scheme to help Ferdinand escape, and was himself arrested and thrown into a cell. The detention of Master Joseph (which lasted until September) gave Abu Zakariya time to assemble a Moroccan army for a triumphal march to Ceuta, intending to garrison the citadel as soon as it was evacuated. Abu Zakariaya set out in processional array from Fez, taking Ferdinand along with him, promising to hand him over as soon as he took possession of the city. Master Joseph was released and sent back to Asilah to report the change of plans to Tavora and Eanes. It is uncertain what else the emissary reported about Abu Zakariya's intentions, but the Portuguese ambassadors rejected the offer, arguing they were not prepared to "hock Ceuta for paper promises", that they needed to have some sort of hold on Ferdinand's person. Abu Zakariya called off the march and returned to Fez.
Negotiations resumed, this time swirling around potential hostage-swapping and material guarantees to supplement verbal promises. But there was little trust between the parties. The Portuguese failure to fulfill the treaty promptly in 1437, and Henry's failure to return Salah ibn Salah's son after the evacution from the beach, essentially undermined any new Portuguese offers. Abu Zakariya knew that Ferdinand was his only trump, that he was the only reason the Portuguese negotiators were there (and barely so). Abu Zakariya would not, could not, release Ferdinand until Ceuta was safely in his hands. On the other hand, back in Ceuta, the young and inexperienced Álvaro de Castro, surrounded by suspicious captains and veteran soldiers, could not simply hand over the entire city to the Marinids for anything less than Ferdinand.
In late October-early November, the Nasrid sultan Muhammad IX of Granada stepped in and offered to break the impasse. He proposed that Ferdinand be placed in the hands of a group of Genoese merchants under his protection, giving his solemn promise to Abu Zakariya he would not allow them to hand Ferdinand over to the Portuguese until the evacuation of the city was confirmed. The Portuguese did not give an immediate reply to Granada's offer, and an outbreak of pestilence in Morocco delayed matters further. Three of the noble beach hostages, then being held in Asilah (separately from Ferdinand in Fez), João Gomes de Avelar, Pedro de Ataíde and Aires da Cunha, died of the plague at this time. By September, disappointing news arrived of the breakdown of Granada's offer and Ferdinand was once again chained.
Death of the Prince.
Whatever hope remained for a peaceful solution was dashed in March 1442. According to Álvares, that month, a certain Moroccan noble (identified by Álvares as "Faquyamar", a tutor of a Marinid prince) was arrested by Abu Zakariya's men, and on his person were found several Portuguese letters, originating from Queen Eleanor's council, outlining a hare-brained scheme to break Ferdinand out of jail. The Moroccan noble was brutally flogged and executed in Ferdinand's presence, and Ferdinand himself moved to isolation in a dank dungeon in Fez.
It was now clear to Abu Zakariya that the Portuguese had no intention to yield Ceuta, that nothing remained to do with Ferdinand but to extract the largest cash ransom that he could get. But nothing came of this. After fifteen months of captivity in the worst conditions yet, Ferdinand died on June 5, 1443, aged 41. Several of the remaining members of Ferdinand's entourage, including the secretary Frei João Álvares, were eventually ransomed back to Portugal in subsequent years.
In his official chronicle, Ruy de Pina makes no mention of the noble or the escape plan, and suggests the negotiations broke down simply because Abu Zakariya had little interest in actually recovering Ceuta, that the Portuguese presence in Ceuta served Abu Zakariya as a useful political distraction for the Moroccan population, allowing the Wattasid vizier to consolidate his power domestically.
Legacy.
Portugal.
The debacle at Tangier and the captivity and death of Prince Ferdinand have loomed large in popular Portuguese memory, albeit inconsistently. It was a tremendous blow to the reputation of Prince Henry the Navigator. However, Henry managed to deflect attention from his role by encouraging the popular saintly cult of Ferdinand as a national martyr, a 'Saint Prince' or 'Holy Prince' ("Infante Santo", although he was never actually beatified by the Catholic Church) who 'voluntarily' submitted to scourge and death for Portugal's imperial mission, rather than a victim of Henry's military pretensions and blunders. Henry commissioned Frei João Álvares to compose the chronicle of Ferdinand's imprisonment as a piece of Christian hagiography (although Álvares does not quite endorse the Henrican interpretation of events). Nonetheless, Henry's interpretation gained currency in later years, particularly as Henry's own reputation ascended retrospectively with the glorification of the Age of Discovery, and the blemish of Tangier needed to be scrubbed away. 
At the time, however, Henry did not get off that easily. It was known, from the Leiria Cortes, where blame for the debacle at Tangier lay, and what Ferdinand's hopes that been. Henry's opposition to the fulfillment of the treaty was also well-known. Henry's dubious role in the 1438 regency crisis and the later 1449 Battle of Alfarrobeira fostered a significant popular feeling in Portugal at the time that Henry was something of a dynastic traitor, with a pattern of betraying his brothers for personal gain, for which Tangier and its aftermath were cited as early examples. The Saint Vincent Panels, painted by Nuno Gonçalves around this time, is believed by some art historians to represent such a political statement, a funerary homage to Ferdinand the Holy Prince, pointing an accusatory finger at Henry the Navigator.
Morocco.
The victory of Tangier dramatically changed the political fortunes of the unpopular Abu Zakariya Yahya al-Wattasi, vizier of the Marinid palace of Fez and regent for sultan Abd al-Haqq II. Hailed as a national hero, Abu Zakariya was quick to milk the victory for all it was worth. Any question of surrendering the regency was set aside, regional governors returned to the fold. The chaos and disorder of the last two decades came to an abrupt end, and Morocco enjoyed a bit of a springtime in the aftermath. 
The very year of his victory, Abu Zakariya launched the construction of the Zaouia Moulay Idriss II in Fez, a magnificent mausoleum for the recently discovered uncorrupted remains of the Idris II (the sultan who founded the Idrisid dynasty back in 807). But the mausoleum also served unmistakably as a monument to Abu Zakariya and his triumph in Tangier. 
Although Abu Zakariya did not ultimately recover Ceuta, the victory at Tangier was instrumental in the ascent of the Wattasid viziers and their eventual eclipse of the Marinid sultans in whose name they ruled.
Later Campaigns.
Whatever the attitude towards Henry or the objective merits of remaining in Ceuta, the death of Ferdinand certainly sealed Portugal's hold on the city. A high price had been paid for it, and the question of abandoning Ceuta was permanently shelved away. In fact, it gave an impetus to new Portuguese expansionism in Morocco, now tinged with an element of revenge. The memory of the Holy Prince was cited by King Afonso V of Portugal in launching the 1458 expedition to seize Tangier - although it was deviated, and ended up seizing Ksar es-Seghir ("Alcácer-Ceguer") instead. A third attempt to take Tangier was launched in late 1463, which also failed. Finally, on the fourth attempt, Tangier fell to the Portuguese in August 1471.
Sources.
Almost all accounts of the Battle of Tangier rely heavily on two Portuguese chronicles: the official "Chronica d'el Rey D. Duarte", written by Ruy de Pina in the 1510s (probably on the basis of drafts originally prepared by Gomes Eanes de Zurara), and the "Chronica do Infante Santo D. Fernando" written c. 1460 by Frei João Álvares, who personally accompanied the 1437 expedition.
Chronicles:
Secondary:

</doc>
<doc id="31173168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173168" title="B. J. Hill">
B. J. Hill

B. J. Hill (born May 17, 1973) is an American college basketball coach and current head men's basketball coach at University of Northern Colorado. In 2010–11, he guided the Bears to the school's first-ever NCAA Division I Tournament berth, where they would lose in the round of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="31173181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173181" title="2010–11 Northern Colorado Bears men's basketball team">
2010–11 Northern Colorado Bears men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Northern Colorado Bears men's basketball team represented Northern Colorado University during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bears, led by first year head coach B. J. Hill, played their home games at the Butler–Hancock Sports Pavilion and are members of the Big Sky Conference. They finished the season 21–11, 13–3 in Big Sky play to capture the Big Sky regular season championship. They also won the 2011 Big Sky Conference Men's Basketball Tournament to receive an automatic bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, their first tournament bid in school history. In the tournament, they lost in the second round to San Diego State.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular season
!colspan=9| Big Sky Conference Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31173200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173200" title="Hayashibara Museum of Art">
Hayashibara Museum of Art

The is an art museum owned by the Hayashibara Group, and located at 2-7-15 Marunouchi, Kita-ku, Okayama, the site of a former guesthouse beside the inner moat of Okayama Castle. Its 6,832 m2 interior was designed by Kunio Maekawa.
The owner of the collection was Ichiro Hayashibara, and the museum was opened in 1964, to honor his final wishes to display his collection to the public prior to his death. The museum owns approximately 10,000 artifacts from Hayashibara's personal collection, including swords, armor, and pottery collected by Mr. Hayashibara, and Noh costumes, furniture, paintings, and Japanese lacquer from the Ikeda clan. The museum itself has limited space, so exhibits are rotated 4-5 times per year.
Collection.
The museum houses 26 Important Cultural Properties and 3 National Treasures, including the 14th century indigo "Dō-Maru" samurai armor used by high-ranking samurai. Many of the Bizen swords and pottery are also National Treasures.

</doc>
<doc id="31173223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173223" title="The Civil War in the United States">
The Civil War in the United States

The Civil War in the United States is a collection of articles on the American Civil War by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels for the New York Tribune and Die Presse of Vienna between 1861 and 1862, and correspondence between Marx and Engels between 1860 and 1866. It was published as a book in 1937, edited and with an introduction by Richard Enmale.
The articles promote the Union side of the war, arguing that the conflict was fundamentally about slavery.

</doc>
<doc id="31173235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173235" title="2011 Seguros Bolívar Open San José – Doubles">
2011 Seguros Bolívar Open San José – Doubles

Juan Sebastián Cabal and Robert Farah won the final 6–3, 6–3, against Luis Díaz-Barriga and Santiago González.
Seeds.
The top three seeds received a bye into the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31173249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173249" title="Centro Sportivo Paraibano">
Centro Sportivo Paraibano

Centro Sportivo Paraibano, commonly known as CSP, is a Brazilian football club based in João Pessoa, Paraíba state.
History.
The club was founded on April 8, 1996. CSP won the Campeonato Paraibano Second Level in 2010.
Stadium.
Centro Sportivo Paraibano play their home games at Almeidão. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 40,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31173261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173261" title="John Bury (divine)">
John Bury (divine)

John Bury (1580-1667), was an English divine.
Life.
Bury was the son of a descendant of the Devonshire family of Bury, long resident at Colyton, who was in business at Tiverton, was born there in 1580. On 9 February 1597 he was elected a scholar of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, and in 1603, shortly after he had taken his degree of B.A., he became the first fellow of Balliol College under the bequest of Peter Blundell. After remaining for several years at the university he returned to his native county, where he obtained the vicarage of Heavitree and a canonry in Exeter Cathedral, his collation to the latter preferment dating 20 March 1637.
A few years later he resigned his benefice in favour of a relation, and accepted the rectory of Widworthy in the same county. The latter preferment he retained until his death, and after the Restoration (2 March 1662) the rectory of St. Mary Major, Exeter, was conferred upon him. He died on 5 July 1667, and was buried in the middle area of Exeter Cathedral.
Works and legacy.
The presentment of Bury and the other prebendaries at William Laud's visitation, 19 June 1634, is printed in Hist. MSS. Comm. 4th Rep. p. 138. His literary works were few in number: two sermons (1615 and 1631) and a catechism for the use of his parishioners at Widworthy (1661). He endowed a school in St. Sidwell's, Exeter, left funds for the maintenance of thirteen poor persons in St. Catherine's Almshouse in the same city and for the poor of his native town of Tiverton, and largely added to the resources of the public workhouse at St. Sidwell's.
Family.
Canon Bury had two sons, Arthur Bury the rector of Exeter College, Oxford, and John, a colonel in the parliamentary army. Portraits of all three were in the workhouse at Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="31173277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173277" title="Janet Peckinpaugh">
Janet Peckinpaugh

Janet Peckinpaugh (born 1950) is an American television anchor, reporter, business owner, and two-time political candidate in Connecticut.
Personal life.
Peckinpaugh was born in Muncie, Indiana and grew up in Canton, Ohio. Her father was a small business owner. She had a brief marriage during college that ended in divorce. Janet married Elliot Gerson in 1987 and their son, Alex was born in 1988. That marriage ended in divorce in 1993.
Television career.
After college Peckinpaugh worked briefly for National Airlines. She moved to Washington, D.C. and was a staffer for Senator Richard Stone (D) FL before starting her television career. In 1978 she moved to Richmond, VA and started her career at WWBT-TV as a weather anchor and news reporter. In 1981, she crossed the street to work at WXEX as a co-anchor. Three months later the other stations in the market also had female co-anchors and all the on-air people had contracts. Peckinpaugh's agent Ken Lindner landed a job for her at WTNH in 1984. News of her arrival made it to the front page of "The Hartford Courant", and she quickly became a popular figure in Connecticut and in television. In 1987, Peckinpaugh moved to Channel 3 WFSB, based in Hartford. She was a successful evening news anchor with a six figure salary. In 1995, Peckinpaugh's contract was breached when she was taken off the 6pm news. She left at the end of her contract and filed a discrimination lawsuit for breach of contract, oral and written, sex discrimination (her news director said two women could not anchor together when he took her off the 5:30 news with Gayle King in 1995 and replaced her with a much younger man) and age discrimination. Peckinpaugh won the multi million dollar lawsuit against the Washington Post Company on all counts except age discrimination. Peckinpaugh worked as an anchor for WVIT
from 1995 until her retirement in December, 2006. Peckinpaugh is still regarded as a popular figure and is said to have been one of the most well-known TV anchors in Connecticut, with name recognition somewhere between 80 and 90 percent in Connecticut. During her career, she interviewed four U.S. presidents.
Post-television career.
After leaving NBC, Peckinpaugh started a media marketing business in Essex, CT. The business, Peckinpaugh Media Group, was designed to advise, guide, and create media productions, such as commercials, for various businesses. 
Political career.
In the early months of 2010, Peckinpaugh took an interest in politics when her good friend, Lisa Wilson-Foley decided to run for Lieutenant Governor. Peckinpaugh was her campaign manager through the Republican Convention. She entered the political arena herself as a candidate for Congress from the 2nd district just a few weeks before the Convention but picked up enough votes to wage a primary. Peckinpaugh is a fiscal conservative and social moderate. Until the August primary, Peckinpaugh focused on meeting voters, raising money, and visiting all of the towns in the district. She quickly became a popular Republican candidate. On August 10, she defeated Daria Novak and Doug Dubitsky to become the Republican nominee. She was the only political candidate in Connecticut to beat the party-endorsed candidate. Following the primary, she went on to challenge the two-term incumbent, Democrat Joe Courtney. She continued to travel the district and meet voters and raised a quarter of a million dollars in six months but it was not enough to wage battle with the incumbent who had $1.4M to spend against her. The two frequently debated and sparred, and both had support from different groups. However, given the strong Democratic tendencies of the state's 2nd district, Peckinpaugh picked up 40% of the vote on November 2. In January 2011, she declared her candidacy for the Connecticut House of Representatives to fill a vacancy in a February special election. The seat she ran for had been vacated by Democrat Jamie Spallone. She ran a very strong campaign against Essex four term, first selectman Phil Miller, and lost by 80 votes.
Charitable work.
Peckinpaugh has always been very active in charities in Connecticut. She currently serves on the board of directors for the Girl Scouts of Connecticut Girl Scouts, the CT Women's Hall of Fame and the Hartford Art School at the University of Hartford. She has been a corporator for Children's Hospital and was a fellow for Calhoun College at Yale University.

</doc>
<doc id="31173294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173294" title="John Bury (translator)">
John Bury (translator)

John Bury (1535–1571) was an English translator.
John Bury was the son of William Bury, a London draper. He is said to have been educated at Cambridge University. He translated from Greek into English the speech of Isocrates, "Isocratis ad Demonicum oratio parenetica" or "Admonysion to Demonicus", with a dedication to his uncle, Sir William Chester, 1557. It was published by the printer William Copland, paired with Benedict Burgh's version of the "Distichs of Cato".

</doc>
<doc id="31173301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173301" title="Hieronymus Heyerdahl (1773–1847)">
Hieronymus Heyerdahl (1773–1847)

Hieronymus Heyerdahl (1773–1847) was a Norwegian minister and politician. He was born in Aremark. He served as minister in Stjørdal from 1812, and in Gran from 1835. He represented Nordre Trondhjems amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Hans Christian Ulrik Midelfart and Sivert Bratberg. He published scientific works on mineralogy ("Bidrag til en mineralogisk-geognostisk Beskrivelse over Ringsager og Thotens Præstegjælde" from 1811), and on meteorology ("Meterologiske Iagttagelser 1825 i Størdalens Præstegjæld").

</doc>
<doc id="31173340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173340" title="Cold Steel (disambiguation)">
Cold Steel (disambiguation)

Cold Steel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31173345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173345" title="Edward Bury (minister)">
Edward Bury (minister)

Edward Bury (1616–1700), was an English ejected minister.
Early life.
Bury was born in Worcestershire in 1616. According to Walker, he was originally a tailor, and was put into a home in Great Bolas, Shropshire, in place of a deprived rector. Calamy says that Bury was a man of learning, educated at Coventry Grammar School and at Oxford, and that before obtaining the rectory of Great Bolas be had been chaplain in a gentleman's family and assistant to an aged minister. He received presbyterian ordination. The date at which he began his ministry at Great Bolas was before 1654. 
Ministry.
In the parish records he signs himself 'minister and register' till 1661, when, as a consequence of the act of confirming possession of benefices, he signs 'rector.' His entries show that he was somewhat given to astrology. 
Ejected in 1662, Bury, who remained at Great Bolas in a house he had built, was subjected to great privations. 
On 2 June 1680, Philip Henry gives him 4 ₤ from a sum left at his disposal by William Probyn of Wem. Henry's 22 July 1681 diary entry has an account of the distraint of Bury's goods (he is here called Berry) for taking part at a private fast on 14 June. 
After this he was a good deal hunted about from place to place. 
In later life his circumstances were improved by bequests. 
He would also become blind some years before his death. 
He died on 5 May 1700, from a mortification in one foot.
Family.
By his wife Mary, he had at least five children: 

</doc>
<doc id="31173366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173366" title="Miramar Esporte Clube">
Miramar Esporte Clube

Miramar Esporte Clube, commonly known as Miramar, is a Brazilian football club based in Cabedelo, Paraíba state.
History.
The club was founded on March 28, 1928. Miramar won the Campeonato Paraibano Second Level in 2001.
Stadium.
Miramar Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Leonardo Vinagre da Silveira, commonly known as "Estádio da Graça", located in João Pessoa. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 6,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31173456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173456" title="Sivert Bratberg">
Sivert Bratberg

Sivert Bratberg (1780 – 1816) was a Norwegian farmer, teacher and politician from Beitstad. He represented Nordre Trondhjems amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Hans Christian Ulrik Midelfart and Hieronymus Heyerdahl.

</doc>
<doc id="31173468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173468" title="Vita Sancti Cuthberti">
Vita Sancti Cuthberti

The Vita Sancti Cuthberti (English: "Life of Saint Cuthbert") is a prose hagiography from early medieval Northumbria. It is probably the earliest extant saint's life from Anglo-Saxon England, and is an account of the life and miracles of Cuthbert (died 687), a Bernician hermit-monk who became bishop of Lindisfarne. Surviving in eight manuscripts from Continental Europe, it was not as well read in the Middle Ages as the prose version by Bede. It was however Bede's main source for his two dedicated works on Cuthbert, the "Metrical Life" and the "Prose Life". 
It was completed soon after the translation of Cuthbert's body in 698, at some point between 699 and 705. Compiled from oral sources available in Bernicia at the time of its composition, the "Vita" nonetheless utilized previous Christian writing from the Continent, particularly Gregory the Great's "Dialogi" and Sulpicius Severus' "Vita Sancti Martini", as powerful influences. The name of the author is not known, though he was a monk of the monastery of Lindisfarne. It is often called the Anonymous Life to distinguish it from the "Prose Life" and the "Metrical Life" of Bede. There are four modern editions of the Anonymous Life, the latest by historian Bertram Colgrave.
Background and sources.
Written just after or possibly contemporarily with Adomnán's "Vita Sancti Columbae" ("Life of Saint Columba"), the Anonymous Life is the first piece of Northumbrian Latin writing and the earliest piece of English Latin hagiography. This is an honour sometimes given to the anonymous "Vita" of Gregory the Great written at Whitby, though the date of 710 attributed to the latter by historian R. C. Love (in contrast to a date between 680 and 704) makes it later than the Anonymous Life of Cuthbert. 
The work is an account of the life and miracles of Cuthbert (), sometime Melrose monk, hermit of Farne and bishop of Lindisfarne who died on 20 March 687. In common with Irish saints of the period, the Anonymous Life depicts the Bernician saint in the mold of Martin, bishop of Tours (died 397), who like Cuthbert successfully combined the role of hermit and bishop. The Anonymous Life appears to have been particularly influenced by the example of Martin in its portrayal of Cuthbert's pastoral and healing activities.
It was commissioned by Bishop Eadfrith (died 721), the bishop famous for the Lindisfarne Gospels who also commissioned Bede's Prose Life of the saint. The Anonymous Life was organised into four books; though this was not common in the literature of the day, it followed the organization of the metrical "Vita Sancti Martini" of Venantius Fortunatus, Gregory of Tours' "De Virtutibus Sancti Martini" and the "Dialogi" of Gregory the Great (containing an account of the life of Benedict of Nursia). This may be an indication that the author regarded Cuthbert as a saint of stature comparable with Benedict and Martin. 
The Anonymous Life's biggest literary influence was the Christian Scriptures, though it also borrowed some of the stories contained in Gregory's "Dialogi", Sulpicius Severus' "Vita Sancti Martini" and the "Vita Sancti Antonii", Evagrius' Latin translation of Athanasius' biography of Anthony the Great. This influence extends to long verbatim extracts, such as those from the Sulpicius Severus at book i chapter 2 and book iv chapter 1. The author was also familiar with Victor of Aquitaine's "Epistola ad Hilarium" and the "Actus Silvestri". The primary source used however was the oral tradition of the Lindisfarne monks. Many of the men the author consulted were unnamed priests, deacons and other men respected in their communities, though some are named directly, namely Ælfflaed, Æthilwald, Plecgils, Tydi and Walhstod.
Date and authorship.
The Anonymous Life was complete somewhere between 699 and 705. The posthumous miracles set after Cuthbert's translation in 698 make 699 the earliest possible date for a completed text. As the text also says that King Aldfrith "is now reigning peacefully", it must have been written before the latter's death in 705.
The author of the "Life of St Cuthbert" has not been identified. Heinrich Hahn in 1883 put a case for Herefrith, the abbot of Lindisfarne mentioned as a source by Bede in his own "Vita" of the saint. Bertram Colgrave, the Anonymous Life's most recent editor, has roundly rejected Hahn's argument. While offering Baldhelm and Cynemund (two other sources of Bede) as better candidates, Colgrave did not endorse either and declared that "it must always be a matter of conjecture". From the text itself, and from the writings of Bede, it can be deduced that it was written by a monk of Lindisfarne. Bede, in his introduction to his "Historia Ecclesiastica Gentis Anglorum", is almost certainly referring to this work when he wrote that What I have written concerning the most holy father and bishop Cuthbert, whether in this volume or in my little book concerning his acts, I took in part from what I have previously found written about him by the brethren of Lindisfarne. Throughout the Anonymous Life the author refers to Lindisfarne and its monastery with possessive pronouns. Though possibly written by many authors, the first person singular is used often enough to suggest only one major author.
Manuscripts.
The Anonymous Life is extant in eight manuscripts. The oldest, according to historian Donald Bullough, lies in Munich, Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, Clm. 15817 The manuscript was probably compiled at Salzburg under Bishop Adalram. It occupies folios 100v-119v, following two works of Augustine of Hippo ("De pastoribus"/"Sermo xlvii", 1–53, and "De Ovibus", 53r to 99v), and preceding Isidore of Seville's "Synonyma". The copy contains many scribal errors, but also a number of readings superior to other versions.
Of the others, the oldest, probably written at the Abbey of St Bertin around c. 900, is extant in Folios 67b to 83b of St Omer 267. This manuscript contains works of saints Cyprian, Jerome, and Augustine, as well as hymn lyrics and music dedicated to Martin of Tours and Bertin of St Omer. St Omer 267 is still regarded as the best of all the available manuscripts in terms of accuracy, as well as age. Another St Omer manuscript, St Omer 715 preserves the Anonymous Life, occupying folios 164 to 168b. Here the Anonymous Life forms part of a larger legendary copied in the 12th century, with fifty-seven surviving "vitae" covering saints with feast days in the first three months of the year (January, February and March).
Missing nine chapters, the Anonymous Life is preserved in a late 10th-century manuscript from the abbey of St Vaast, Arras, Arras 812 (1029). It occupies folios 1 to 26b, and is out of order towards the end. It is followed in the manuscript by the "Vita Sancti Guthlaci" ("Life of Saint Guthlac"), the "Vita Sancti Dunstani" ("Life of Saint Dunstan") and the "Vita Sancti Filiberti" ("Life of Saint Filibert", abbot of Jumièges), and originally contained another hagiography of a Jumièges abbot, that of Aichard of Jumièges. 
Three British Museum manuscript volumes, Harleian MS 2800–2802, contain a very large legendary from Arnstein Abbey in the diocese of Trier (now Limburg), and the Anonymous Life is found on Harleian MS 2800 folios 248 to 251b. The same legendary is in three 13th-century Brussels volumes, Royal Library MSS 98–100, 206, and 207–208. The Anonymous Life is present in MS 207–208 folios 158 to 163. In Trier, in another legendary composed around 1235 probably at the Abbey of St Maximin, the anonymous life can be found: the Trier, Public Library 1151, folios 135 to 142. Paris, Bibliothèque Nationale, Fonds Latin 5289, written in the 14th century, contains the last extant version of the Anonymous Life. It has been copied out of order, beginning on folio 55b, continuing on folios 49b to 52b, and ending on 56 to 58b. 
Historian Bertram Colgrave believed that Harleian 2800 and Brussels MS 207–208 have a common origin, a 12th-century legendary from the diocese of Trier. Both manuscripts share common features, such as the omission of place-names and personal names (e.g. Plecgils). Colgrave likewise attributed a common parent manuscript to Trier, Public Library 1151 and Paris Bibliothèque Nationale Fonds Latin 5289, as he did to Arras 812 (1029) and the two St Omer manuscripts. The Salzburg manuscript may be descended from an ancestor predating the common ancestor of the former and the latter set.
Modern editions.
The Anonymous Life has been published four times in the modern era:
The Bollandist version was based on St Omer 267 and Trier Public Library 1151. Giles' edition was a reprint of the Bollandist version. Stevenson's version too was a reprint of the Bollandist version, with some corrections brought in. Colgrave's edition was new, but like the Bollandist version is primarily based on St Omer 267.
Synopsis.
The Anonymous Life consists of 4 books, book i relating Cuthbert's youth, book ii his early years serving God, book iii his time as a hermit on Farne, and book iv his time as bishop.
Book i.
Chapters one and two of book i consist of the prologue and preface, with the author indicating that the work was commissioned by Bishop Eadfrith. In chapter three the eight year-old Cuthbert plays with other children, showing off his physical abilities, until a three year-old playmate, addressing him as "bishop and priest", chides him for lack of humility; this miracle the author claimed to have learned from Bishop Tumma, who apparently heard it from Cuthbert's own mouth (though Cuthbert confessed that the significance was unknown to him at the time). Still an eight year-old, Cuthbert becomes lame and is visited by an angel who instructs him on a cure (chapter four). 
In chapter five Cuthbert, while still a youth tending to sheep in Lauderdale, has a vision of a bishop being borne to heaven; subsequently it is discovered that Aidan, bishop of Lindisfarne, had died on the same hour as Cuthbert's vision. Far to the south, a young Cuthbert is travelling during the winter and crosses the river Wear at Chester-le-Street, taking shelter in one of the empty summer dwellings; suffering from lack of food, his horse pulls down warm bread and meat from the roof of the dwelling (chapter six). Book i ends with the anonymous author making mention of several other miracles of Cuthbert's youth without going into detail: how God provided food for him in camp with his army against an enemy, how he saw the soul of a reeve taken up to the sky, his defeat of some demons, and his cure of the insane (chapter seven).
Book ii.
In book ii Cuthbert becomes a monk (chapter one). While still a neophyte at the monastery of Ripon, Cuthbert is given the job of greeting guests; having washed and rubbed the feet of one guest, Cuthbert seeks to feed the visitor, finds he has no bread in the guesthouse and so goes to the monastery; but because the bread there is still baking, he has to return empty handed; when Cuthbert returns the visitor—an angel in disguise—has vanished leaving three warm loaves. Cuthbert, having been invited to the monastery of Coldingham by Abbess Æbbe, is followed by a cleric to the beach where he keeps one of his night-time vigils; the cleric sees two sea-animals emerge from the waves to clean and rub Cuthbert's feet; the author of the Anonymous Life was told this by a priest of Melrose called Plecgils (chapter three). In the following chapter Cuthbert and two brothers, having sailed to the land of the Picts, become hungry in the territory of the "Niuduera" (probably in eastern Fife) waiting for the sea to calm in order to resume their voyage; their hunger is relieved however when three slices of prepared dolphin meat is found on the beach, enough to feed them for three days; the story was reported to the author by a priest named Tydi, still living as the work was authored (chapter four). 
According to Tydi too, Cuthbert and a boy were walking along the river Teviot teaching and baptizing the mountain people, when an eagle came from the sky and landed by the river; the boy ran towards the eagle and found a fish; after giving half of it to the eagle, the party fed themselves with the other half (chapter five). On the same trip the Devil created an illusion of a burning house, tricking some of the men despite Cuthbert's warning; the men, realising their mistake in seeking to extinguish the flames, asked and were given Cuthbert's forgiveness. Cuthbert is said in chapter seven to have saved from flames the house of his childhood nanny, a nun and widow named Kewswith of "Hruringaham" through prayer, while in chapter eight he drives out a demon from the wife of a religious man named Hildmer, curing her illness.
Book iii.
Cuthbert's time as an island hermit is described in book iii. Having served as prior of Melrose for some time performing other miracles (omitted by the author), Cuthbert departs for Lindisfarne at the instigation of Bishop Eata; designing a monastic rule for the monks there, Cuthbert seeks a more solidary existence on the island of Farne, defeats the demons there and begins to build a residence (chapter one). Cuthbert moves a huge rock for the construction of his building (chapter two), and orders his men to dig up some stony ground created an open spring into being (chapter three). The waves provide Cuthbert with the 12-foot beam he needs for the house after his men are unable to obtain one (chapter four). 
When ravens, despite being warned, disturb the roof of the shelter built for Cuthbert's servants, the saint banishes them from the island in the name of Jesus; after three days one raven returns seeking pardon and, having been forgiven by Cuthbert, both ravens provide the saint with enough pig lard to grease everyone's boots for a whole year (chapter five). Cuthbert is summoned to Coquet Island by the sister of King Ecgfrith, the royal abbess Ælfflaed; following her entreaties for information about the her brother's fate, Cuthbert prophesies the king's coming death and his succession by Aldfrith, monk of Iona; Cuthbert agrees to become bishop within two years (chapter six). In chapter seven, the author closes book iii with a summary of Cuthbert's virtues and achievements.
Book iv.
Cuthbert becomes bishop of Lindisfarne at the beginning of book iv, accepting the position only with reluctance and continuing his monastic style of life (chapters one and two). A number of healing miracles are subsequently recounted. Cuthbert cures the wife of one of Aldfrith's men, a gesith ("comes") named Hemma from a district name "Kintis" (chapter three). He cures a maiden from a village called "Bedesfeld", a miracle witnessed and reported by Æthilwald, then a priest but in the author's day prior of Melrose, whose relation the maiden was (chapter four). He cures a paralytic boy brought to him in the district of "Ahse" in the mountains between Hexham and Carlise (chapter five). In a miracle related to the author by Tydi, Cuthbert saves an infant and the infant's family from the plague at a village named "Medilwong". Cuthbert is the savior of a servant Sibba, a Tweedside gesith, is retold thanks to the account provided by another former servant of Sibba's who is now a monk at Lindisfarne (chapter seven).
With King Ecgfrith off fighting the Picts, Cuthbert visits the queen at Carlise; as Cuthbert is conducted by Waga, the city's reeve, he announces that the war is over and that the Ecgfrith has been slain; it was later revealed that Cuthbert's assertion happened at the same hour as the king's death in battle (chapter eight). At Carlisle Cuthbert meets an anchorite named Hereberht,who asks to die at the same day and hour as Cuthbert; the request is granted, and subsequently both go to heaven on the same hour of the same night (chapter nine). Cuthbert, dining at Ovington with abbess Ælfflæd, predicts the death of one of Ælfflæd's servants, Hadwald (chapter ten). The bishop resigns his bishopric after an episcopate of two years and returns to Farne (chapter eleven). Miracles continue as Cuthbert cures a ("still surviving") brother named Walhstod from dysentery. Cuthbert dies on Farne, and his body was washed and dressed before being shipped to Lindisdfarne (chapter thirteen). 
After eleven years, Cuthbert's successor Bishop Eadberht orders the reopening of Cuthbert's coffin; Cuthbert's body is found to be incorrupt, i.e. having not decayed any noticeable way (chapter fourteen). Miracles begin happening at Cuthbert's coffin, prayers and holy water from the trench Cuthbert's body had been washed in curing a boy from demonic possession (fifteen). A monk from the household of Bishop Willbrord, visiting Lindisfarne, was taken by serious illness but was cured after praying at Cuthbert's coffin (chapter sixteen). Likewise, a paralytic youth brought to Lindisfarne by another monastery for attention from Lindisfarne medics, is cured only after wearing the shoes once worn by Cuthbert (chapter seventeen). The author ends the Anonymous Life of Cuthbert declaring that he has omitted many other miracles in order to avoid overburdening his reader (chapter eighteen).
Differences with Bede.
For Bede's two dedicated accounts of Cuthbert's life, the Anonymous Life is the chief source. Bede however made little acknowledgment of his debt to the Anonymous Life in either his prose or verse life, and indeed if we were dependent only on Bede we would probably not know the work ever existed. Stylistically the Latin of the Anonymous Life is not as grammatical and classicizing as Bede's Prose Life, and Bede went to some effort to 'improve' the prose.
Bede adds some details in his own accounts but, in the words of historian Antonia Gransden "most of his additions are verbal and hagiographical trimmings". While following the Anonymous Life's order for most of the Prose Life, Bede considerably alters the order of miracles found in book iv. The Anonymous Life suggests that Cuthbert began his career at Ripon, whereas Bede shows that it was in fact Melrose. Historian Clare Stancliffe suggested that the Anonymous Life made Ripon Cuthbert's place of tonsure because Melrose may have been tarnished in some eyes due to its use of Irish-style tonsure (in contrast to the Petrine tonsure of Ripon). 
Bede adds a longer account of Cuthbert's death supplied to him by abbot Herefrith. Bede also expands the story of Hereberht, adding the name of Hereberht's abode as Derwentwater. Otherwise Bede omitted many of the Old English proper names supplied in the Anonymous Life. Bede adds stories about the death of Boisil, a goose on Farne, the death of Bishop Eadberht, and provides information about Cuthbert's successors on Farne.

</doc>
<doc id="31173469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173469" title="Angelo Moriondo">
Angelo Moriondo

Angelo Moriondo (Turin, June 6, 1851 – Marentino (Turin), May 31, 1914) was one of the most important 19th Century contributors to the development of the espresso coffee machine
Angelo Moriondo came from an entrepreneurial family (his grandfather founded a liqueur producing company which was continued by his father Giacomo, and who later, in company with his brother Ettore and his cousin Gariglio, founded the well-known chocolate company "Moriondo and Gariglio"). He later expanded his business activities, buying the Grand-Hotel Ligure in the city-centre Piazza Carlo Felice and the American Bar in the Galleria Nazionale of Via Roma.
It was really this hotel and food business which triggered the impulse and then the idea of designing a machine to produce “instant coffee” in order to satisfy his demanding and ever-in-a-hurry customers.
First Espresso machine.
The occasion was the General Expo of Turin in 1884, and for the event, Angelo Moriondo presented his invention on his stand, receiving the bronze medal from the organizers. The patent was awarded for a period of six years on the 16 May 1884 under the title of "New steam machinery for the economic and instantaneous confection of coffee beverage, method ‘A. Moriondo’". The machine was actually built by a mechanic called Martina, working under the direct supervision of the inventor. (see the article "Chiosco del caffè Ligure" (the Café Ligure's display stand) in the newspaper "La Stampa" n.203 of 24 July 1884 page 3).
It was successively updated with a patent of 20 November 1884, Vol 34, No, 381.
The invention was then covered by International Patent after being registered in Paris on 23 October 1885.
In the following years, Moriondo continued to improve critically his invention, each improvement being patented.
Angelo Moriondo never went into industrial-scale production of his invention, but limited himself to the constructions of a few hand-built machines which he jealously conserved in his establishments, convinced that this was a significant advertisement for them.
Coffee historian Ian Bersten claims to have been the first to discover Moriondo’s patent. Bersten describes the device as "… almost certainly the first Italian bar machine that controlled the supply of steam and water separately through the coffee" and Moriondo as "... certainly one of the earliest discoverers of the expresso machine, if not the earliest." Unlike true espresso machines, it was a bulk brewer, and did not brew coffee "expressly" for the individual customer.

</doc>
<doc id="31173485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173485" title="Jack Martins">
Jack Martins

Jack M. Martins is a Republican member of the New York State Senate, representing the 7th district located in Nassau County, New York.
Early life and education.
Martins is a first-generation American, born to parents who emigrated from northern Portugal in the 1960s. He is a resident of Mineola, where he served as mayor for eight years prior to be elected to the Senate. Martins graduated from Chaminade High School, received a bachelor's degree in political science from American University in 1988, and a Juris Doctor from St. John's University School of Law in 1991.
he also came to south salem elementary school in port Washington ny
Political career.
Martins was elected mayor of the Village of Mineola in 2003. During his eight years as mayor, Martins instituted a debt management plan, encouraged economic growth and passed balanced, fiscally-responsible budgets. During a difficult economic time, when most governmental entities were struggling, the Village of Mineola operated on solid fiscal ground while seeking ways to expand its tax base. Martins' efforts in Mineola were recognized by voters in November 2010, when he was elected to the New York State Senate to represent the Seventh Senate District.
In 2011, Martins voted against the Marriage Equality Act, which the Senate passed 33-29. roll call
Personal life.
Martins is a member of the County Seat Kiwanis Club and the Long Island Portuguese Lions Club. He and his wife Paula have four daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31173501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173501" title="Santos Futebol Clube (PB)">
Santos Futebol Clube (PB)

Santos Futebol Clube, commonly known as Santos, is a Brazilian football club based in João Pessoa, Paraíba state. Its colors are the same as those of its famous homonym (black and white).
History.
The club was founded on September 9, 1949. Santos won the Campeonato Paraibano Second Level in 2010.
Stadium.
Santos Futebol Clube play their home games at Almeidão. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 40,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31173515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173515" title="William Aldam">
William Aldam

William Aldam (20 August 1813 – 27 July 1890) was an English Liberal Party politician and MP for the Yorkshire constituency of Leeds between 1841 and 1847.
Aldam studied law at the Middle Temple beginning in 1834 and was called to the bar in 1839 but never practised as a barrister. He became a Justice of the Peace in the West Riding of Yorkshire court of quarter sessions in 1842 and High Sheriff of Yorkshire in 1878.
Aldam was noted for promoting the development of railways and canals and for his staunch supporter of free trade. He was born a Quaker but converted to Anglicanism.
A ship named the "SS William Aldam" was registered in 1854 and wrecked in 1856.
Family.
His father, also called William Aldam (died 1828), was a cloth merchant in Leeds. The family name was originally Pease, but his father changed it when he inherited the estate of the Aldam family at Frickley, near Doncaster).
On 13 November 1845 he married Mary Stables, daughter of Rev. Godfrey Wright, of Bilham; she died 4 October 1867.
His son and heir William Wright Aldam (1853–1925) married Sarah Julia Warde in 1878 and took the surname of Warde-Aldam; he was High Sheriff of Yorkshire in 1905. His nephew William Aldam Milner (via his sister Susan) was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="31173528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173528" title="Milton Keynes Council election, 2002">
Milton Keynes Council election, 2002

The 2002 Milton Keynes Council election took place on 2 May 2002 to elect members of Milton Keynes Unitary Council in Buckinghamshire, England. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes since the last election in 2000. The Liberal Democrats gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
Background.
Before the election Labour had 22 seats, compared to 20 for the Liberal Democrats and 8 for the Conservatives. However the council was a top target for the Liberal Democrats in the 2002 local elections.

</doc>
<doc id="31173531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173531" title="Roger Forsythe">
Roger Forsythe

Roger Forsythe (born John Roger Forsythe) (July 11, 1955 - October 6, 1991) was a men's fashion designer.
Biography.
Roger Forsythe was born in Chillicothe, Missouri on July 11, 1955 and raised in Texas.
Forsythe earned a business degree from the University of Houston and then moved to the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, where he graduated with an associate degree in applied sciences, specializing in men's wear, in 1982.
He created a company with his brother Bill, of Des Moines, to design and marketed his first Menswear Collection of Ties. Forsythe trademarked his name on July 23, 1984. He then worked for Jean Paul Germaine, Kenneth Gordon and D. D. Dominick, and was director of men's, women's and children's sportswear collections at Basic Elements.
In 1988 he was hired as vice president and head designer for the Perry Ellis Group. Despite feeling pressure for responsibility of an established name, Forsythe enjoyed the position. Under his direction, sales under his leadership jumped from $15 million to more than $100 million annually.
Forsythe won the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA) in 1991 in the Menswear category.
He died on October 6, 1991 at the New York University Medical Center of HIV- related lymphatic cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="31173541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173541" title="Cape Newenham LRRS Airport">
Cape Newenham LRRS Airport

Cape Newenham LRRS Airport is a military airstrip located one nautical mile (1.2 miles; 1.9 km) southeast of Cape Newenham, in the Dillingham Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is not open for public use.
Overview.
Cape Newenham Airport is a United States Air Force military airstrip. Its mission is to provide access to the Cape Newenham Long Range Radar Station for servicing and other requirements.
The airstrip was constructed in 1951 during the construction of the Cape Newenham Air Force Station. During the station's operational use as a manned radar station, it provided transportation for station personnel and for supplies and equipment to be airlifted to the station. With the manned radar station's closure in 1983, the airstrip now provides access to the unattended site for maintenance personnel and other requirements.
It is not staffed by any support personnel, and is not open to the public. During the winter months, it may be inaccessible due to the extreme weather conditions at the location.
Facilities and aircraft.
Cape Newenham LRRS Airport has one runway designated 14/32 with a gravel surface measuring 3,950 by 150 feet (1,204 x 46 m). For the 12-month period ending August 2, 1978, the airport had 1,024 aircraft operations, an average of 85 per month: 98% air taxi and 2% military.

</doc>
<doc id="31173544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173544" title="Comisión Permanente de Contingencias">
Comisión Permanente de Contingencias

The Permanent Contingency Commission of Honduras (in Spanish: Comisión Permanente de Contingencias (COPECO)), is an entity created to coordinate public and private disaster relief efforts in the framework of the National Risk Management System of Honduras (in Spanish: Sistema Nacional de Gestión de Riesgos).
COPECO is part of a Central American network of governmental disaster relief agencies known as the Coordination Center for the Prevention of Natural Disasters in Central America (in Spanish: Centro de Coordinación para la Prevención de los Desastres Naturales en América Central (CEPREDENAC)). CEPREDENAC was created in the context of the Central American Integration System (SICA).

</doc>
<doc id="31173549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173549" title="Edmund Butler (bishop)">
Edmund Butler (bishop)

Edmund Butler (died 1551), was archbishop of Cashel and the illegitimate son of Piers Butler, 8th Earl of Ormonde.
Early career.
Butler studied at Oxford University, became a canon regular of the order of St Augustine, and was appointed prior of the abbey of that order at Athassel in the County of Tipperary. In 1524, Butler was nominated by the pope to the archbishopric of Cashel, with permission to retain the priory of Athassel. The consecration of Butler took place in 1527. He was a member of the privy council in Ireland, held a provincial synod at Limerick in 1529, and, on the dissolution of religious houses in Ireland, surrendered the abbey of Athassel to the crown.
Role in Politics.
Butler was present in the parliament at Dublin in 1541 which enacted the statute conferring the title of 'King of Ireland' on Henry VIII and his heirs. The communication addressed to the king on this subject, bearing the signature of the Archbishop of Cashel, has been reproduced on plate lxxi in the third part of 'Facsimiles of National Manuscripts of Ireland.' Butler's autograph and archiepiscopal seal were attached to the 'Complaint' addressed to Henry VIII in 1542 by 'the Gentlemen, Inheritors, and Freeholders of the county of Tipperary.' This document also appears in the same 'Facsimiles.' A letter from Butler to the Protector, Somerset, in 1548, is preserved among the state papers in the Public Record Office, London. In 1549-50 Butler took part at Limerick with James, Earl of Desmond, and the king's commissioners, in the enactment of ordinances for the government of Munster. References to Butler and his proceedings concerning public affairs in the districts of Ireland with which he was connected occur in the English governmental correspondence of his time.
Death.
Butler died on 5 March 1551, and was buried in the cathedral at the Rock of Cashel, under an elaborate marble monument which he had erected, but which does not now exist.

</doc>
<doc id="31173576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173576" title="Isaac Thornton">
Isaac Thornton

Sir Isaac Thornton (27 February 1615 - 1 May 1669) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Thornton was the son of Sir Roger Thornton of Soane, Cambridgeshire. He matriculated from Corpus Christi, Cambridge at Easter 1631. He was admitted at Lincoln's Inn on 20 June 1632 and was called to the Bar in 1640.
In 1660, Thornton was elected Member of Parliament for Cambridgeshire in the Convention Parliament. He was knighted on 19 March 1661.
Thornton was of Snailwell, Cambridgeshire. He died at the age of 54 and is buried in the parish church in Snailwell.

</doc>
<doc id="31173588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173588" title="Cabinet of Algeria">
Cabinet of Algeria

The Cabinet of Algeria is the chief executive body of the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="31173594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173594" title="Circle Oil">
Circle Oil

Circle Oil () is an oil and gas exploration and production company based in Limerick in the Republic of Ireland. Its operations, many of which are in the Middle East and North Africa including Egypt, Morocco and Tunisia, have primarily consisted of oil exploration but have expanded to include production.

</doc>
<doc id="31173601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173601" title="Georg Ulrich Wasmuth">
Georg Ulrich Wasmuth

Georg Ulrich Wasmuth (1788 – 1814) was a Norwegian military officer and politician. He was born in Kristiansund. He represented the First "Trondhjemske Regiment" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Daniel Larsen Schevig.

</doc>
<doc id="31173602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173602" title="Edward Gerald Butler">
Edward Gerald Butler

Sir Edward Gerald Butler (1770–1824) (named as Edward Gerard Butler in the Dictionary of National Biography) was an Irish soldier.
Biography.
He was a son of Gerald Butler of Cashel, County Tipperary, and Ann Butler of Hemmingstown.
Early in his military career, he was one of the heroes of a battle to save the Austrian emperor, Francis II, for which he was made a knight of the Order of Maria Theresa. He was never knighted but held the rank of Knight Bachelor and the appellation of "Sir" from having obtained a royal licence to accept the Order of Maria Theresa before the regulations of 1812 relative to Foreign Orders came into effect.
Butler entered the army by purchasing a cornetcy in the 14th light dragoons on 30 September 1788, gazetted Aug 1789. He was promoted Lieutenant dated 13 October 1791, gazetted Dec 1791. He exchanged to the 24th Regiment of Foot, gazetted August 1792. In 1793 he became Captain of an Independent Company, gazetted Sept 1793. Butler then purchased a cornecy in 15th Regiment of Dragoons, gazetted March 1794. He was sent to take part in the Flanders Campaign, which was part of the French Revolutionary Wars. On 24 April 1794 during the Battle of Villers-en-Cauchies, he was one of the officers of the two companies escorting the Emperor Francis II,(the other was a company of Black Hussars) which saved Emperor Francis II from being taken prisoner by a numerically superior French force. For their gallantry the emperor gave the eight English officers medals, and they later received the Military Order of Maria Theresa.
Butler had been promoted lieutenant in the 11th light dragoons in May 1794, and he was in 1796 gazetted major without purchase in the newly raised 87th Royal Irish Fusiliers regiment. With it he served in the West Indies in 1797 at St Lucia where he met and married Rosetta Martin des Rameaux. In 1804 he was promoted lieutenant-colonel, and in 1806 the 87th was ordered to form part of the British invasion force under Sir Samuel Auchmuty attacking Montevideo. In the attack on Montevideo Butler especially distinguished himself, and also in General Whitelocke's attempt to capture Buenos Aires, where the 87th had 17 officers and 400 men killed and wounded.
From 1807 to 1810, while the 2nd battalion, under Colonel Hugh Gough, was distinguishing itself in the Peninsula, the 1st battalion of the 87th, under Butler, garrisoned the Cape of Good Hope In 1809 he was made Commandant of Simonstown. In 1810 he was second in command of a force ordered from the Cape to assist Major-general Abercromby in the capture of Mauritius, but the island was already taken when the contingent arrived. Nevertheless, though he saw no more service, Butler was promoted colonel in 1811 and major-general in 1814, and made Commandant of Mahebourg, Mauritius. He retired due to ill health in 1818.
He died at Ballyadams, Queen's County, Ireland, 30 November 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="31173628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173628" title="Yoichirō Hirase">
Yoichirō Hirase


</doc>
<doc id="31173636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173636" title="George Gulliver">
George Gulliver

George Gulliver (1804-1882), was an English anatomist and physiologist.
Life and work.
Gulliver was born at Banbury, Oxfordshire, on 4 June 1804, and after an apprenticeship with local surgeons entered at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, London, where he became prosector to Abernethy and dresser to Lawrence (afterwards Sir William). Becoming a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in June 1826 he was gazetted hospital assistant to the forces in May 1827, and afterwards became surgeon to the Royal Horse Guards (the Blues). 
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1838, Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1843, and in 1852 a member of the council of the latter body. In 1861 he was Hunterian professor of comparative anatomy and physiology, and in 1863 delivered the Hunterian oration, in which he strongly put forward the neglected claims of William Hewson and John Quekett as discoverers. 
For some years before his death he had retired from the army, and devoted himself to research and writing, but became gradually enfeebled by gout. Many of his later papers were written when he was confined to his bed. He died at Canterbury on 17 November 1882, leaving one son, George, assistant physician to St. Thomas' Hospital.
Gulliver wrote no systematic work, although he edited an English translation of Gerber's "General and Minute Anatomy of Man and the Mammalia" in 1842, adding, besides numerous notes, an appendix giving an account of his own researches on the blood, chyle, lymph, &c. In 1846 he edited for the Sydenham Society "The Works of William Hewson, F.R.S.", with copious notes and a biography of Hewson. He also supplied notes to Rudolph Wagner's "Physiology", translated by Dr. Willis (1844). His Hunterian lectures on the "Blood, Lymph, and Chyle of Vertebrates" were published in the "Medical Times and Gazette" from 2 August 1862 to 13 June 1863. Most of his work is scattered through various periodicals; a list of them is given in the Royal Society's "Catalogue of Scientific Papers". Gulliver was the first to give extensive tables of measurements and full observations on the shape and structure of the red blood-corpuscles in man and many vertebrates, resulting in several interesting discoveries. In some points he corrected the prevailing views adopted from John Hunter as to the coagulation of the blood, at the same time confirming other views of Hunter; he noted the fibrillar form of clot fibrin, the so-called molecular base of chyle, the prevalence of naked nuclei in chyle and lymph, and the intimate connection of the thymus gland with the lymphatic system. His work in connection with the formation and repair of bone had considerable significance. To pathology he rendered important services, showing the prevalence of cholesterine and fatty degeneration in several organs and morbid products, the significance of the softening of clots of fibrin, and some of the characteristics of tubercle. In botany also Gulliver did original work, proving the important varieties of character in raphides, pollen, and some tissues, and their taxonomic value.

</doc>
<doc id="31173650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173650" title="2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualification (UEFA playoffs)">
2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualification (UEFA playoffs)

The 2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualification playoffs for (UEFA) was a special, one-off beach soccer tournament to determine the fourth European nation that would be competing in the 2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup. The tournament started two days before the start of the world cup, ending the day before the opening match, from May 6 - May 7, 2005, in Rio de Janerio, Brazil. The winners of the playoffs were Spain.
Overview.
Three nations had already confirmed their places in the world cup by finishing first, second and third in the 2004 Euro Beach Soccer League, being France, Portugal and the Ukraine. The teams who finished in fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh were called back to compete for the final place at the world cup, however seventh place Belgium declined the invitation to participate, so eighth place Austria competed instead.
Knockout stage.
The nations played in a simple knockout format, starting with the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="31173652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173652" title="Jacob Erik Lange">
Jacob Erik Lange

Jacob Erik Lange (1767–1825) was a Norwegian military officer and politician. He was born in Bergen. He represented the Second "Trondhjemske Regiment" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Helmer Andersen Gjedeboe.

</doc>
<doc id="31173669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173669" title="Leo B. Hanley">
Leo B. Hanley

Leo B. Hanley (April 27, 1908 – May 12, 1994) was an American jurist from Wisconsin.
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Hanley graduated from the Marquette University Law School and was an assistant city attorney for the city of Milwaukee. During World War II, Hanley served in the United States Navy. In 1953, he became a Milwaukee County Court judge later a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge. In 1966, the Governor of Wisconsin Warren Knowles appointed Hanley to the Wisconsin Supreme Court. In 1968, Hanley was elected to a ten year term retiring in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31173677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173677" title="Pioneer Woman">
Pioneer Woman

The Pioneer Woman monument is a bronze sculpture in Ponca City, Oklahoma, designed by Bryant Baker and dedicated on April 22, 1930. The statue is of a sunbonneted woman leading a child by the hand. It was donated to the State of Oklahoma by millionaire oilman E. W. Marland. He commissioned models from twelve well-known sculptors and financed a nationwide tour to get feedback from art critics and the general public in order to decide which model to use for the final statue.
Design and construction.
Around 1925 Marland sketched out an ambitious sculptural program to sculptor Jo Davidson involving numerous statues based on the theme of the settling of the American West and attempted to persuade Davidson to take it on. When Davidson declined Marland replies that he could pay for it, prompting Davidson to come back with "I don't doubt it for a minute, but I don't see myself working for you for the rest of my life." Marland ultimately convinced Davidson to go to Ponca City, Marland's then home town, and create three statues for him: one of Marland and one of each of Marland's adopted children, Lydie and George.
While Davidson was producing his three Marland statues E.W. told him of another project that he has in mind, "E.W.'s most cherished dream." Davidson writes, " It was to be a twenty-five foot figure, which he planned to put up on a hill where it could be seen for miles ... E.W. brought his friends to see what I was doing. He acted as if he was the sculptor, and in conversation would say that he was doing the figure - that I was his hands."
Marland's inspiration for this project included his pioneering mother and grandmother.
The models.
At that point Marland sent out invitations to many of America's leading sculptors, offering them each a $10,000 honorarium to produce a roughly tall bronze model for the statue. He further proposed that the models tour the United States and that the American public vote as to which of the models would be erected in Ponca City. Several sculptors, Daniel Chester French, George Grey Barnard and Paul Manship turned Marland down, also declining were the only two women invited, Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney and Anna Hyatt Huntington, leaving him with an even dozen artists, all males. The artists who submitted models were Bryant Baker, A, Stirling Calder, Jo Davidson, James Earle Fraser, John Gregory, F. Lynn Jenkins, Mario Korbel, Arthur Lee, Hermon Atkins MacNeil, Maurice Sterne, Mahonri Young, and Wheeler Williams. The models were to tour America and everyone who visited the sites where they were exhibited was allowed to vote for their favorite.
Marland's original idea was to have a woman in pioneer dress accompanied by a child, and so he provided a sunbonnet to each sculptor. While the artists were not limited to these ideas, nine of the twelve models included a sunbonnet and all save for Jo Davidson's included a child. Both Davidson and Calder visited Oklahoma to gain further inspiration.
Mahonri Young's biographer Thomas Toone relates that Young produced not only the required three foot tall statuette, but also a plaster version of the entire Pioneer Memorial as he envisioned it, replete with detailed bas-reliefs of western scenes around the base of a massive pedestal and platform, on top of which the pioneer woman "holds her child in the embrace of a Renaissance Madonna." A pair of spirited bison guard the stairs leading up the base. The voting public was not privy to Young's vision and his work showed poorly in the balloting. Young, who described not winning the competition as the worst disappointment in his career, did manage to get some of his ideas out in later works. 
Toone also adds that the winning sculptor, Baker Bryant used, "a professional actress as his model, which produced a glamourous figure, representing Western myth more than reality."
There are some questions raised about the winning design by Donald De Lue, at that time Baker Bryant's assistant. De Lue's biographer, D. Roger Howlett makes several points about the Pioneer Woman statue. 
"it was especially on the "Pioneer Woman" that De Lue manifest his talent. . . ... Baker claimed that the conception and movement of the final monument was developed in an eight-to-ten inch sketch model made by him a few hours after he learned about the competition. De Lue executed the thirty-three inch competition model for the sculpture in 1927, with Baker supervising and completing the face." Baker was also the last sculptor to enter the contest having only one month to prepare his model.
James Earle Fraser based his almost Impressionistic statue on his favorite aunt, Dora, who was herself a pioneer woman. This model is unique among the ones submitted to the competition, and perhaps in the entire world of Pioneer Women Statues, in that the woman, caught breast feeding her child, exposes a bare breast. No stranger to multi-tasking, she still manages to hold on to her rifle while feeding the baby.
Many years after the competition Wheeler Williams' model was re-discovered, enlarged, cast, and now sits in front of the public library in Liberty, Kansas.
The tour.
The submitted bronze models were unveiled at the Reinhardt Galleries in New York on February 26, 1927 where they remained in exhibition until March 19. At a dinner for the twelve finalists the evening before the models were revealed to the public, Marland announced:
Marland reserved the right to make the final choice for the monument, but he sought input from the public and so these models then began a tour of museums and art galleries across the nation. From its opening at the Reinhardt Galleries, the tour moved on. Stops included Boston, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Buffalo, Detroit, Indianapolis, Chicago, Minneapolis, Kansas City, Dallas, Oklahoma City, Fort Worth, and Ponca City. At each location visitors were invited to vote for their three favorite models. In all over 750,000 people viewed the models and over 120,000 votes were placed.
The models were the subject of much discussion at the time, and photographs of them were included in full-page pictorials of both the New York Times and the LA Times. Art critics discussed the merits of one model over another and almost universally lambasting the sunbonnets as "terrible headwear". The models were even the subject of writing assignments for elementary school art classes.
The L.A. Times reported that art critic Helen Appleton Read felt that "no adequate tribute had been paid to the pioneer woman" and that "most of the competitors failed to produce anything monumental".
On December 20, 1927, E. W. Marland's son George announced that Bryant Baker's model was selected as the winner. Baker's model received the most votes in 11 cities and Gregory's was the second most popular, being the favorite in three cities.
When the tour of the models was over, Baker's Pioneer Woman had won first place, out-balloting John Gregory's effort 42,478 to 37,782. "De Lue set to work in 1928 and 1929, modeling it in Baker's Brooklyn studio, working with Jean La Seure, the enlarger. De Lue later remembered: "One day Bryant decided he would work on it, and did some work. I said, 'Look, Bryant, if I were you I'd get the hell out of here, because you're not helping at all,' He said, 'Thank you very much.' and he went."
Fundraising and construction.
The cost of the Pioneer Woman project was approximately $350,000. This included a $10,000 honorarium for each of the twelve finalists plus $100,000 for the winner Bryant Baker. The remainder of the costs were accrued during the tour around the country and arranging the base for the statue. While the vast majority of the project was funded by Marland, his fortunes were on the decline at this time and so he was forced to seek additional funding to complete the project. Some private fundraising helped to defray the final costs and $25,000 was supplied by Lew Wentz, Marland's long-time business rival as well as fellow philanthropist of Ponca City.
Marland had purchased 2,000 acres on which to place the statue. The area where the statue was erected stands just off of U.S. Route 77, a mile northeast of the center of Ponca City.
Baker said the work took years off of his life and he was afraid he would die before completion.
Dedication.
On April 16, 1930 it was announced that the statue would be unveiled on April 22, 1930 on the 41st anniversary of the Land Run of 1889 which opened the Oklahoma Territory to settlers. The day was declared a state holiday by the governor and the celebration in Ponca City included a parade, 19-gun salute. An estimated 40,000 people attended the unveiling.
The dedication itself began at 1:30 pm central time with a nationwide radio address on WJZ by United States President Herbert Hoover broadcasting from the White House. He introduced the native Oklahoman, Secretary of War Patrick J. Hurley who had intended to attend the unveiling in person before his visit was curtailed by illness and so spoke from his home. After the first half-hour the broadcast continued from Ponca City. Other speakers during the 90 minute broadcast were Marland, Baker, Episcopal Bishop of Oklahoma Thomas Casady, Oklahoma Governor William J. Holloway, and Oklahoma humorist, Will Rogers, who closed the unveiling ceremonies.
History since dedication.
The area surrounding the statue has been designated as Pioneer Woman State Park.
The Pioneer Woman Museum.
On September 16th, 1958, the 65th anniversary of the opening of the Cherokee Outlet which included the land of Ponca City, the state opened the Pioneer Woman Museum, on land adjacent to the monument. An image of the Pioneer Woman statue serves as the de facto logo of the museum.
Access and attributes.
Location and visiting.
The statue resides on a park.
Physical characteristics.
The bronze statue itself stands tall and weighs . It stands on a pyramidal stepped base of granite blocks which brings the total height of the monument to . Marland's plans originally called for a monument from 40 to 70 feet high which was lauded as "second only in size to the Statue of Liberty".
The statue faces to the southwest, symbolising that the majority of the settlers had come from the northeast.
There is a plaque on the first step beneath the statue which reads:
Depictions.
The image of the Pioneer Woman has long been a symbol of Ponca City.
In 1941 as part of their 50th anniversary celebrations the General Federation of Women's Clubs presented gold and bronze medals with a bas-relief of the Pioneer Woman to prominent and long-standing members.
The statue is also the official emblem of the four-state Ozark Frontier Trail.
When the State Quarter for Oklahoma was to be issued in 2008, there was a statewide call for proposals to be sent to the Mint for final design work. From the thousands of designs received, five were sent along to the mint. Four of the five submitted designs included the Pioneer Woman. When the professional designs returned from the mint in order for the people of Oklahoma to decide on the final design by voting amongst them, none of the designs included the book which is held under the Pioneer Woman's arm. As this book is often thought to be a Bible, this was viewed as an attempt at censorship by the government and caused a statewide controversy. Eventually the fifth design was selected.
That the book was intended to be the Bible was made clear by Baker in an interview in which he stated, "In trying to symbolize the Pioneer Woman of America I wanted to depict Courage and Faith... The Bible was a vital factor in building up this country, and it often was the one indispensable book, recording the facts of the family life, of births, marriages and death and often the only reading material available for mothers to teach their children to read and write in those days."
Derivative works.
There have been several notable works of sculpture proposed or produced in the years following the unveiling of the "Pioneer Woman" based on it. The first one was the Kansas Pioneer Woman Memorial. A competition by the Pioneer Women's Memorial association was held and, as in the competition for the Ponca City statue, Bryant Baker was the winner. A Kansas critic at the time pointed out, ""There is a striking similarity in the appearance of the two works despite many actual differences."" However this version of a Kansas monument was never completed. In 1937 the Pioneer Women's Memorial association presided over the unveiling of the Kansas Pioneer Memorial by Kansas born sculptor Merrell Gage, a work very different from Bakers.
In 1959 a 36' tall fiberglass sculpture by Gordon Shumaker was produced to commemorate the first 100 years of the Minnesota State Fair. It stands in front of the Pioneer Building. Like the Ponca City statue it depicts a bonneted woman in ankle length dress striding forward, and like its predecessor she holds a large book/Bible in her right crooked arm as well as carrying a large bundle on the same arm. At 36 feet tall she more approaches the monumentality that Marland was originally seeking for his work. 
"Hardship and Dreams" was the title of a sculpture by Dorothy Koelling (1913-2004) unveiled in Wichita, Kansas on June 28, 1994. A newspaper article at that time described the work as being, ""inspired by the monumental 'Pioneer Woman' in in Ponca City, Okla."" Koeling's 6 foot tall statue depicts the bonneted pioneer woman, carrying a large book/Bible and bundle in her right arm, marching forward with her flatfooted son, whose hand she holds, next to her.

</doc>
<doc id="31173678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173678" title="2011 Men's Rimouski Challenger – Doubles">
2011 Men's Rimouski Challenger – Doubles

Kaden Hensel and Adam Hubble were the defending champions but decided not to participate this year.<br>
Treat Conrad Huey and Vasek Pospisil won the final against David Rice and Sean Thornley 6–0, 6–1.

</doc>
<doc id="31173680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173680" title="Joseph Gulston (collector)">
Joseph Gulston (collector)

Joseph Gulston (1745-1786), was an English collector and connoisseur.
Family Background.
His father, Joseph Gulston, a successful loan contractor, was elected M.P. for Poole in 1741, 1747, 1754, and 1761, and built the town hall there. He secretly married Mericas, daughter of a Portuguese merchant named Sylva, and she was living at Greenwich when her son Joseph was born under the romantic circumstances which form the groundwork of Clementina Black's novel "Mericas". The marriage was not acknowledged for many years, principally owing to the elder Joseph Gulston's dread of his sister, and for some time his children were brought up in the strictest concealment. The father died 16 August 1766 and his wife 17 November 1799, aged 84. Both were buried in Ealing Church.
Upon his father's death, Joseph, who had latterly been educated at Eton College and at Christ Church, Oxford, where he matriculated 18 February 1763, found himself in possession of £250,000 in the funds, an estate in Hertfordshire worth £1,500 a year, Ealing Grove, Middlesex, and a house in Soho Square. This fortune he dissipated in collecting books and prints, in building, and in all kinds of extravagance except vicious ones. His indolence equalled his extravagance; though handsome he was of a corpulent habit of body, he was elected M.P. for Poole in 1780, but lost his seat in 1784 by neglecting to get out of bed till too late in the day to solicit the votes of five Quaker constituents.
Financial Crisis.
After a succession of expedients, sales of property, consignments of annuities, and spasmodic efforts at economy, he sold his books in June 1784. George III was a purchaser at the sale. At length, in 1786, Gulston was compelled to dispose of his unrivalled collection of prints, which, besides the works of the great masters, contained 18,000 foreign and 23,500 English portraits, 11,000 caricatures and political prints, and 14,500 topographical. The sale lasted forty days (from 16 January to 15 March 1786), but produced only £7,000, and the unfortunate possessor, overwhelmed with family cares and pecuniary difficulties, died in Bryanston Street, London, on 16 July 1786, and was buried in Ealing Church. 
Gulston was a most amiable man, whose faults were in great measure due to his physical constitution and defective education at the most susceptible period of his life. He was highly accomplished in many ways, and his memory was most retentive. He was partly engaged for several years in the preparation of a biographical dictionary of the foreigners who have visited England; the manuscript was purchased by a bookseller after his death, but no use seems to have been made of it. Gulston was a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries. A few of his letters to his friend Granger are printed by Nichols.
Marriage.
Gulston married Elizabeth Bridgetta, second daughter of Sir Thomas Stepney, bart., a woman as extravagant as himself celebrated for her beauty and accomplishments, and as the inventor of plated harness. She was also an etcher, and etched portraits of her husband and of Dr. Francis Courayer from paintings by Hamilton in 1772 (Nichols, Lit. Anecdotes, ii. 44). She died 9 March 1780, and was buried at Ealing. A son Joseph, after a troubled career of dissipation, died at Lausanne, 18 Dec. 1790, aged 22 (see for an account of his difficulties ib. ix. 605-6).
Portrait.
A portrait of Gulston is prefixed to Nichols's 'Literary Illustrations,' vol. v. There are mezzotint engravings of Gulston and of his wife by James Watson and Richard Earlom after paintings by Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="31173693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173693" title="Helmer Andersen Gjedeboe">
Helmer Andersen Gjedeboe

Helmer Andersen Gjedeboe (1786 – 1854) was a Norwegian farmer, non-commissioned military officer and politician. He was born in Orkdal. He represented the Second "Trondhjemske Regiment" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Jacob Erik Lange.

</doc>
<doc id="31173694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173694" title="Robins v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions">
Robins v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions

Robins v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (2007) C-278/05 is a UK insolvency law and labour law case, concerning the protection of employees' salaries on their employer's insolvency.
Facts.
Robins had been employed by a now insolvent company. He had a final salary pension. The company terminated the scheme and then told everyone there was not enough money to cover members’ benefits. They announced they would reduce benefits for members who had not yet started to receive pension payments. Robins claimed compensation from the Secretary of State for not providing the proper level of social protection under Directive 80/987 art 8. David Pannick QC was acting for the government.
The High Court asked the ECJ whether the member state needed to fund a scheme that had run out of money, and whether the UK had properly transposed the Directive. If not, should the UK incur liability?
Judgment.
Judge Timmermans in the ECJ held that the member state did not require pension funds should be fully guaranteed, because the member state could oblige insurers to buy insurance.
However, Robins would gain benefits as low as 20% of entitlement, so the UK’s scheme under the Pensions Act 2004 section 286 (establishing the Financial Assistance Scheme) did not ‘protect’ workers like Robins within the meaning of art 8, so the provision was improperly implemented. A Member State's liability was contingent on a finding of manifest and grave disregard by that state for the limits set on its discretion, "Brasserie du Pecheur SA v Germany". To answer what that meant the national court would have to take into account the clarity and precision of art 8 with regard to the level of protection required, as well as the measure of discretion left to the national authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="31173701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173701" title="Chantal Westerman">
Chantal Westerman

Chantal Westerman was the Entertainment Editor and Hollywood Correspondent of ABC's Good Morning America (GMA) from 1986 through 2000.
Since April 2011, Ms. Westerman has been hosting "ConciergeQ Conversations with Chantal Westerman." "ConciergeQ Conversations with Chantal Westerman" are in-depth interviews with guests who are also featured on The Concierge Questionnaire an online travel magazine. Her first featured guests were Fort Worth Opera and The Thrilling Adventure Hour. 

</doc>
<doc id="31173710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173710" title="Abdoul-Fatah Mustafa">
Abdoul-Fatah Mustafa

Abdul Mustafá (born May 27, 1984 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian footballer who last played for Bella Vista in the Uruguayan Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="31173718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173718" title="Regeling v Bestuur van de Bedrijfsvereniging voor de Metaalnijverheid">
Regeling v Bestuur van de Bedrijfsvereniging voor de Metaalnijverheid

Regeling v Bestuur van de Bedrijfsvereniging voor de Metaalnijverheid (1999) C-125/97 is a UK insolvency law and labour law case, concerning the protection of employees' salaries on their employer's insolvency.
Facts.
Mr Regeling was a Dutch welder. He received sporadic pay from January 1991 until August 1991 when with notice the contract was terminated and the employer went bankrupt. He claimed pay from the Bestuur van de Bedrijfsvereniging voor de Metaalnijverheid, the guarantee institution for employee's claims in the Netherlands. This was turned down because the period guaranteed was 13 weeks before termination, and in that period, making up for prior shortfalls, more than normal wages were paid.
Judgment.
The European Court of Justice held that Mr Regeling still had a good claim, because the employers late payments should be set off first against the outstanding wage debt. To do otherwise would undermine the minimum protection of the guarantee.

</doc>
<doc id="31173732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173732" title="Buchan and Ivey v Secretary of State for Trade and Industry">
Buchan and Ivey v Secretary of State for Trade and Industry

Buchan and Ivey v Secretary of State for Trade and Industry IRLR 80 is a UK insolvency law and labour law case, concerning the protection of employees' salaries on their employer's insolvency.
Facts.
Two directors held the company’s shares. They made a claim against the National Insurance Fund, for statutory redundancy under the Employment Protection (Consolidation) Act 1978 (now the Employment Rights Act 1996 section 160). The Employment Tribunal held that because directors could block decisions at board level, including decisions over their dismissal, they were not employees.
Judgment.
Mummery J for the Employment Appeal Tribunal held the purpose of the legislation is not to help people whose businesses have failed. Therefore he upheld the tribunal, that the directors could not claim reimbursement from National Insurance.

</doc>
<doc id="31173750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173750" title="Gavin Thompson">
Gavin Thompson

Gavin Thompson is an Australian former rugby league player who played professionally for the Hunter Mariners.
Playing career.
Thompson spent the 1997 season with the new Hunter Mariners franchise in the 1997 Telstra Premiership. He played in 12 first grade matches for the club, starting at both fullback and on the wing. During the season he scored three tries. 
Thompson spent the 1998 and 1999 seasons with the Cronulla Sharks but did not play a first grade game.

</doc>
<doc id="31173757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173757" title="Class 47 renumbering">
Class 47 renumbering

The 512 members of the class 47 underwent many changes in their long career on British railways. Under the TOPS system each change was reflected in a change of identity. This table attempts to catalogue those changes.
Some loco's were allocated numbers on TOPS but never actually carried them, these have been 
The names shown are those carried at some stage in the loco's career. Names in "italics" are unofficial.
The D prefix was generally dropped after 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="31173758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173758" title="2006 Big Sky Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2006 Big Sky Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2006 Big Sky Men's Basketball Tournament was played from March 4 to March 8. The First Round of the tournament was held at the higher seed's home arena, and the semi-finals and championship were held at the Walkup Skydome in Flagstaff, Arizona, which is the home of regular season champion Northern Arizona. The top 6 teams from regular season play qualified and the top 2 teams received a bye to the semi-finals. The tournament was won by Montana and they received an automatic bid to the 2006 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. As regular season champions who failed to win the tournament Northern Arizona received an automatic bid to the 2006 NIT.

</doc>
<doc id="31173759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173759" title="Nelson H-63">
Nelson H-63

The Nelson H-63, known in the US military designation system as the YO-65, is an American dual ignition, four-cylinder, horizontally opposed, two-stroke aircraft engine that was developed by the Nelson Engine Company for use in helicopters and light aircraft. The engine designation means "horizontally opposed 63 cubic inch displacement".
Design and development.
The H-63 was designed in the late 1950s specifically to power the sort of very light single-man helicopters that the US Army was investigating at the time. Application for certification was made on 15 March 1958 and the engine was certified under the CAR 13 standard on 8 February 1960.
Engines were produced for Nelson by the Franklin Engine Company of Syracuse, New York under a production certificate. Originally the type certificate was held by the Nelson Specialty Corporation of San Leandro, California, but it was transferred to Nelson Aircraft of Irwin, Pennsylvania on 15 July 1966. Ownership of the type certificate was transferred to the present owner, Charles R. Rhoades of Naples, Florida, on 14 February 1996.
The four-cylinder engine runs on a 16:1 mixture of 80/87 avgas and SAE 30 outboard motor oil. It is equipped with a single Nelson E-500 carburetor.

</doc>
<doc id="31173762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173762" title="Thomas Gumble">
Thomas Gumble

Thomas Gumble, D.D. (died 1676) was an English clergyman and biographer.
Life.
Gumble, for some time vicar of Chipping Wycombe, Buckinghamshire was appointed chaplain to George Monck, then in Scotland, at the end of 1655. Monck, finding him an excellent man of business, entrusted him with many commissions. On 4 January 1660 he was despatched from Newcastle-upon-Tyne to London with Monck's letters to the parliament and city. On his arrival (12 January) parliament ordered £100 to be given him, and recommended him (26 January) for the first vacant fellowship at Eton College.
In 1661 he was made D.D. of the University of Cambridge by royal mandate, and on 6 July of the same year was collated to the twelfth prebendal stall in Winchester Cathedral. On 21 May 1663 he received the rectory of East Lavant, Sussex. Much to his regret, ill-health prevented him from performing his duty as chaplain of the Royal Charles during the conflict with the Dutch in February 1666. He died in 1676, apparently unmarried, for his estate was administered on 10 March 1676-7 by his brothers Stephen and John Gumble.
Works.
His only published work was a "Life of General Monck, Duke of Albemarle, &c., with Remarks upon his Actions" (London 1671). A French translation by Guy Miege was issued at London in 1672. Some copies of the translation have a second additional title-page, printed at Cologne in 1712, when the work was sold to advance the cause of the Old Pretender.

</doc>
<doc id="31173766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173766" title="Harbin Ferris Wheel">
Harbin Ferris Wheel

Harbin Ferris Wheel is a tall giant Ferris wheel in Harbin amusement park, Harbin, Heilongjiang, China.
At the time of its construction in 2003, at a cost 20 million yuan (2.42 million US dollars), it was the tallest Ferris wheel in China and the sixth tallest in the world. It has 63 passenger gondolas, each able to carry 6 passengers. A complete rotation takes 20 minutes and offers panoramic views of the entire city.

</doc>
<doc id="31173781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173781" title="Henrik Carstensen">
Henrik Carstensen

Henrik Carstensen (1753 – 1835) was a Norwegian merchant, ironworks owner and politician. He represented Risør at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="31173794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173794" title="Kakhi Makharadze">
Kakhi Makharadze

Kakhi Makharadze (born 20 October 1987) is a Georgian footballer currently playing for Uzbek League club FC Pakhtakor Tashkent as a midfielder.
Career.
Lokomotiv Tashkent.
He joined Lokomotiv Tashkent 2009 and according club official site survey was chosen as clubs Best Player of The Year 2009 with 40% of total votes. 
FC Pakhtakor.
On February 26, 2011 Kakhi Makharadze was announced as FC Pakhatkor new player among other new club signings. He moved to Pakhtakor from another capital club Lokomotiv Tashkent.
National team.
Makharadze made his official debut in UEFA tournaments as national player in match Georgia U20 against Slovakia U-19 on October 18 2004 won by Georgia with 4:2. 

</doc>
<doc id="31173804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173804" title="Daniel Gunn">
Daniel Gunn

Daniel Gunn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31173805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173805" title="Alain Yomby">
Alain Yomby

Alain Yomby (born September 23, 1982 in Bafoussam) is a Cameroonian footballer currently playing as a defender for Miramar Misiones in the Uruguayan Segunda División.

</doc>
<doc id="31173824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173824" title="Lynn Shackelford">
Lynn Shackelford

Lynn Shackelford (born August 27, 1947) is a retired American professional basketball player.
A 6'5" forward, Shackelford played college basketball at the UCLA under legendary coach John Wooden.
Shackelford played one season in the American Basketball Association as a member of the Miami Floridians. He was later a broadcaster for ESPN, CBS, and NBC.

</doc>
<doc id="31173840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173840" title="Rothfuss">
Rothfuss

Rothfuss may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31173845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173845" title="Daniel Gunn (minister)">
Daniel Gunn (minister)

Daniel Gunn (1774-1848), was a Scottish congregational minister.
Gunn was born at Wick in Caithness in 1774,the son of Ingram Gunn, and his wife Elizabeth Miller(or Millar). He was educated at the high school, Edinburgh, and trained for the ministry by Greville Ewing at Glasgow. In 1800 he was sent to be an itinerant minister in Ireland, where he is known to have preached in Waterford and to have assisted J Kelly in Dublin. He may have married, and been widowed, while living in Ireland.
In 1807, as a consequence of the unrest in Ireland he moved to Ilfracombe in Devon, where he married Catherine Vye in 1908. In 1810 he became pastor of a small congregation there. He removed in 1813 to Bishop's Hull, near Taunton, and in 1814 to Chard. Catherine died there in 1815 and was buried in the graveyard beside the chapel. In 1816 he married his third wife, Elizabeth Tice, and moved to Christchurch (then Hampshire, now Dorset). His younger brother, John Gunn, replaced him as minister at Chard. John's descendants include Battiscombe Gunn and his son J. B. Gunn.
In Christchurch he found a scanty congregation, partly consisting of baptists. He promptly preached a sermon which, as he afterwards said, 'converted all the sensible baptists in the place,' and his congregation soon grew till it numbered a thousand, an extraordinary fact, considering that the whole population of Christchurch and the district within five or six miles was only about 2,500. Yet his preaching was entirely unemotional; no one was allowed to preach emotional religion in his pulpit, and the laymen whom he used to despatch into the neighbouring villages were strictly enjoined to abstain from adding anything to the printed discourses with which he provided them. His Sunday school, which was attended by upwards of four hundred children, attained a very high reputation, and attracted visitors from all parts of the country, even from America. He was almost equally successful in maintaining a day school which he established, and regulated with military precision.
Ann Taylor (poet),who met him at Ilfracombe, tells of his laboriously teaching a lad how to hand a chair; he would pitilessly call back a little boy on an unmanageable pony to make him take off his hat to Mrs. Gunn if he had omitted to do so. Yet his personal influence was extraordinary. Even in the matter of subscriptions his will was law; if the collection on Sunday was not what he considered sufficient, he would put in a five-pound note, and send the plates round again. Ann Taylor's enthusiasm for 'the noble highlander' seems to have been shared by all who met him. He was three times married, and lived like a country gentleman at Burton, near Christchurch. He died at Burton on 17 June 1848, in the seventy-fifth year of his age.
Daniel had six children: two sons by Catherine Vye (Daniel, 1811 - 1890, and an unnamed son born and died in 1813) and two sons and two daughters by Elizabeth Tice (Eliza, 1818 - 1838, Malachi, 1820 - 1867, William, born and died 1822, Mary, 1825 - 1911)

</doc>
<doc id="31173854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173854" title="2011 The Bahamas Women's Open – Singles">
2011 The Bahamas Women's Open – Singles

This is the first edition of the tournament.<br>
Anastasiya Yakimova won the tournament by defeating 5th seed Angelique Kerber 6–3, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31173857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173857" title="Andre McCarter">
Andre McCarter

Andre McCarter (born August 25, 1953) is a retired American professional basketball player.
A 6'3" guard born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, McCarter played college basketball at UCLA under legendary coach John Wooden. 
McCarter played three season in the National Basketball Association for the Kansas City Kings and Washington Bullets.

</doc>
<doc id="31173872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173872" title="Don Plarski">
Don Plarski

Donald Joseph Plarski (1929–1981) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder. He played for the Kansas City Athletics during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="31173891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173891" title="Thomas Crouch">
Thomas Crouch

Thomas Crouch (1607 – August 1679) was an English academic and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679.
Crouch was the son of Thomas Crouch of Letchworth, Hertfordshire and was baptised in St Bartholomew’s Church Layston on 18 October 1607. He was educated at Eton College and was admitted as a scholar to King's College, Cambridge on 26 June 1626. He was awarded BA in 1630 and MA in 1633. He was a Fellow of Kings College from 1629 to 1650, when he was ejected. In 1643, he was proctor, and held the post again from 1649 to 1650. He migrated to Trinity Hall, Cambridge where he resided as Fellow.
In 1660, Crouch was elected Member of Parliament for Cambridge University in the Convention Parliament. he was re-elected in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1679. 
Crouch died at the age of 71 and was buried on 30 August 1679 in King's College Chapel where there is a monument. This reads in Latin 
Aperiet Deus tumulos ; et educet<br>
Nos de sepulchris.<br>
Qualis eram, dies isthaec cum<br>
Venerit, scies.
(God will open up the graves, and lead us from our sepulchres. What manner of man I was, you will know, when that day
comes)

</doc>
<doc id="31173894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173894" title="Andreas Rogert">
Andreas Rogert

Andreas Rogert (1754 – 1833) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. He represented the city of Trondhjem at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with merchant Peter Schmidt.

</doc>
<doc id="31173897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173897" title="John Gunn (writer)">
John Gunn (writer)

John Gunn (c1765-c1824) was a Scottish cellist, writer on music, and professor.
Career.
Gunn taught violoncello and flute in Cambridge. From 1789 he was in London for several years, making studies in languages and history in his leisure moments. He wrote at Cambridge his "Treatise on the Origin of Stringed Instruments", and published it with his "Theory and Practice of Fingering the Violoncello, with Examples", about 1789. "Forty favourite Scotch Airs adapted for Violin, Violoncello, or Flute" followed as a supplement to that work. In 1790 Gunn translated from the Italian A. D. R. Borghese's "New and General System of Music" (originally published in French, 1788, Paris).
In 1795 Gunn returned to Edinburgh. "An Essay on Harmony … adapted to the Violoncello" was brought out at Edinburgh, 1801. About this time Gunn married Ann Young, a pianist, and author of "Elements of Music", "An Introduction to Music", and some ingenious musical games.
In 1805 General Robertson of Lude, Perthshire, sent 2 harps, including what is now known as the Queen Mary Harp to the Highland Society of Scotland, in Edinburgh, The Society commissioned Gunn to inspect the instruments, and he read his report on the harp to the Society later that year. This paper was printed by their desire in 1807 as "An Historical Enquiry respecting the performances of the Harp in the Highlands of Scotland, from the earliest times till it was discontinued about 1734", &c., 4to, Edinburgh. This is a valuable contribution to the history of music, and it is unfortunate that the author did not carry out his intention of writing an inquiry into the antiquity of the harp. Other works by Gunn were "The Art of Playing the Flute" and "The School for the German Flute".
Personal Life.
Gunn was born in Edinburgh about 1765.

</doc>
<doc id="31173910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173910" title="Mit Karl May im Orient">
Mit Karl May im Orient

Mit Karl May im Orient (English: With Karl May in the Orient) is the title of a six-part television series about the themes of the literary works of Karl May.
Background.
The show was originally broadcast in 1963 by the German broadcaster ZDF. In the series the themes of the Orient Cycle, which includes "Durch die Wüste," "Durchs wilde Kurdistan," "Von Bagdad nach Stambul," "In den Schluchten des Balkan," "Durch das Land der Skipetaren," and "Der Schut," are discussed.
Series parts.
The six parts of the series included:

</doc>
<doc id="31173921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173921" title="René Leegte">
René Leegte

René Willums Leegte (born July 8, 1968 in The Hague) is a Dutch politician and former businessman. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he is an MP since October 26, 2010. He focuses on matters of natural environment, sustainable development and energy.

</doc>
<doc id="31173922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173922" title="The Best of Mark Schultz">
The Best of Mark Schultz

The Best of Mark Schultz is a compilation album featuring Mark Schultz's greatest hits.
Background.
Schultz will promote the album during his "Renaissance Tour" with Jason Gray and David Klinkenberg. The tour will also promote his forthcoming instrumental album "Renaissance." For now, the album will only be released during the tour and will have a later release date.

</doc>
<doc id="31173929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173929" title="Zick Rubin">
Zick Rubin

Isaac Michael "Zick" Rubin (born 1944) is an American social psychologist, lawyer, and author. He is "widely credited as the author of the first empirical measurement of love," for his work distinguishing feelings of like from feelings of love via Rubin's Scales of Liking and Loving. "Science Progress" stated, "The major breakthrough in research on love came from the pioneer psychometric work of Zick Rubin."
He has also published on disclosing to consequential strangers. According to "The Cambridge Handbook of Personal Relationships," Rubin "conducted influential early studies on disclosure reciprocity in naturalistic settings, such as in airport departure lounges and at bus stops." His work also examined the development of friendship among toddlers.
Life and education.
Rubin earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University in 1965 and a Ph.D. from University of Michigan in 1969.
In the 1980s, Rubin entered Harvard Law School, earning his law degree and being admitted to the Massachusetts bar in 1988. 
In the 2001 edition of "The Penguin Dictionary of Psychology", Rubin was listed as having died in 1997. In 2011 he wrote a "New York Times" op-ed about his attempts to correct the error after it had been repeated in a Wikia profile about him.
Career.
Social psychology.
Rubin won the Socio-psychological Prize from the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1969. He was director of the Boston Couples Study, described by the "Encyclopedia of Human Relationships" as "a pioneering longitudinal study" that integrated multiple research methods as it followed the development of relationships over time. Rubin taught at Harvard University from 1967 to 1976 and was the Louis and Frances Salvage Professor of Social Psychology at Brandeis University from 1977 to 1985 before entering law school. 
Rubin defended tax-funded work on love after Senator William Proxmire criticized the use of National Science Foundation funding on studies of love at Harvard, the University of Minnesota, and University of Wisconsin. In 1975, Proxmire had named psychologist Ellen Berscheid of University of Minnesota as recipient of his first Golden Fleece Award for her work on love. Proxmire called it "a futile and wasteful attempt to explain the impossible." Rubin defended his colleagues, saying Proxmire was "taking advantage of the fact that it is easy to trivialize and sensationalize such matters as these."
Rubin sued "Boston Magazine" for copyright infringement after they copied the questions from his liking and loving scales without permission in a 1977 article. He won the case in 1981 and prevailed on appeal.
Law.
Rubin was a lawyer at Palmer & Dodge LLP and then at Hill & Barlow before opening The Law Office of Zick Rubin in 2003. He specializes in legal issues related to copyright, trademark, media, and higher education.
Rubin is a member of the Copyright Society of the United States, the Authors Guild, the Text and Academic Authors Association, and the National Association of College and University Attorneys.

</doc>
<doc id="31173963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173963" title="Maea David">
Maea David

Maea David (born ) is a New Zealand rugby union coach and former rugby league player who played professionally in England and Australia.
Playing career.
David played in the Canterbury Rugby League competition for the Papanui Tigers and made his Canterbury debut in 1992. He also made the Kiwi Colts that year. David made the 1993 New Zealand Kiwis trials but did not make the final squad. He played for the Canterbury Country Cardinals in the inaugural Lion Red Cup.
In 1994 he signed with Hull and moved to England. 
He spent the 1996 and 1997 seasons with the Illawarra Steelers, playing in 11 first grade matches.
David then returned to Hull for 1998's Super League III season.
David also played for Featherstone Rovers and Doncaster Dragons
Later years.
David joined the Hull RUFC, playing for the club before becoming the backs coach under former team mate, Tevita Vaikona.

</doc>
<doc id="31173964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173964" title="Pabst Brewing Company Former Corporate Office Building">
Pabst Brewing Company Former Corporate Office Building

The Pabst Brewing Company Former Corporate Office Building is located at 901 W. Juneau Ave. in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin in the Pabst Brewery Complex. It was originally a public elementary school built in 1858 near the Best Brewing Company. The Best Brewing Company was purchased by Captain Frederick Pabst and renamed the Pabst Brewing Company. The school and grounds were purchased by Captain Frederick Pabst in 1890 for the playground. Captain Frederick Pabst wanted to build a bottling house on the playground area, and decided to use the school for the corporate offices. He had alterations made to the building, including improving the school’s original tower and turning the cornice on the roof into battlements. The Visitor’s Center and Gift Shop were added to the structure in 1934 after Prohibition ended. For the Pabst Brewing Company’s centennial celebration in 1944, Blue Ribbon Hall was painted by muralist Edger Miller in 1943 after the first floor was transformed into a 17th-century Guild Hall.
In 1996 the Pabst Brewing Company shut down its Milwaukee brewery. The building remained vacant until the Brew City Redevelopment Group purchased the property and opened a tavern and gift shop in 2009. It is part of a larger redevelopment of the Pabst Brewery Complex. The Pabst Brewery Complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Known as Best Place at the Historic Pabst Brewery, the building now consists of Little Tavern on the Hill (former Visitor's Center), Blue Ribbon Hall, the Gift Shop, the Captain's Courtyard with a life-sized statue of Captain Frederick Pabst, and the King's Courtyard. The King's Courtyard was home to a statue of King Gambrinus, but the statue was taken by the Pabst Brewing Company when the company shut down the brewery. The statue was returned to the property on May 21, 2011. It is now on permanent loan from the Pabst Brewing Company.

</doc>
<doc id="31173966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173966" title="Giff Roux">
Giff Roux

Giff Roux (June 28, 1923 – August 19, 2011) was an American professional basketball player.
A 6'5" forward, Roux played college basketball at the University of Kansas under legendary coach Phog Allen. 
Roux played three seasons in the Basketball Association of America as a member of the St. Louis Bombers and Providence Steamrollers.

</doc>
<doc id="31173983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173983" title="2011 The Bahamas Women's Open – Doubles">
2011 The Bahamas Women's Open – Doubles

It was the first edition of the tournament.
<br> Natalie Grandin and Vladimíra Uhlířová won in the final against Raquel Kops-Jones and Abigail Spears 6–4, 6–2.

</doc>
<doc id="31173993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31173993" title="Robert Gunn">
Robert Gunn

Robert Gunn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31174000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174000" title="Arnold L. Rosenberg">
Arnold L. Rosenberg

Arnold Leonard Rosenberg is an American computer scientist. He is a distinguished university professor emeritus at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, and despite his retirement from UMass he continues to hold research positions at Northeastern University and Colorado State University.
Rosenberg is known, among other contributions, for formulating the Aanderaa–Karp–Rosenberg conjecture stating that many nontrivial properties in graph theory cannot be answered without testing for the presence or absence of every possible edge in a given graph.
Rosenberg did both his undergraduate and graduate studies at Harvard University, receiving a bachelor's degree in 1962 and a Ph.D. in 1966 under the supervision of Patrick C. Fischer.
Prior to joining the UMass faculty, Rosenberg worked at the Thomas J. Watson Research Center from 1965 until 1981, and was a faculty member at Duke University from 1981 until 1985. He was elected a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1996 for his work on "graph-theoretic models of computation, emphasizing theoretical studies of parallel algorithms and architectures, VLSI design and layout, and data structures". In 1997, he was elected as a fellow of the IEEE "for fundamental contributions to theoretical aspects of computer science and engineering".

</doc>
<doc id="31174015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174015" title="Got the Magic (Spyro Gyra album)">
Got the Magic (Spyro Gyra album)

Got The Magic is an album by the American jazz group Spyro Gyra, released in 1999 for the Windham Hill label. This album reached #5 on "Billboard"'s Contemporary Jazz chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31174028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174028" title="National Association of School Superintendents">
National Association of School Superintendents

The National Association of School Superintendents (NASS), is a professional organization of school superintendents in the United States. It was founded in 2009, with headquarters in Corona Del Mar, California 92625.
The organization provides its members with a range of professional growth opportunities, including collaboration with colleagues, mutual support, peer knowledge, commentary, and shared resources. It maintain a private website, for social and professional networking, as well as opportunities for personal growth and advancements.
Membership.
Membership is open to both active and retired superintendents, the chief executive officers of school districts. As of January 1, 2011, the association's website reported members in 40 states. There are 17,000 school districts whose superintendents, past or present, are eligible for membership.

</doc>
<doc id="31174031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174031" title="Nouga Georges">
Nouga Georges

Nouga Georges (born June 22, 1987 in Ngondolgo, Cameroon) is a Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Sportivo Luqueño in the Primera División Paraguaya.

</doc>
<doc id="31174044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174044" title="Henry Gunning">
Henry Gunning

Henry Gunning (13 February 1768, Newton, Cambridgeshire - 4 January 1854, Brighton) was senior Esquire Bedell of the University of Cambridge, known for his memoirs.
Life.
Gunning was born at Newton, Cambridgeshire, on 13 February 1768. His father, Francis Gunning, who was vicar of Newton and also of the adjacent parishes of Thriplow and Hauxton, was grandson of William Gunning, the first cousin and secretary of Peter Gunning, successively bishop of Chichester and Ely. Henry was educated first at Ely, in a school kept by Jeffrey Bentham, a minor canon of the cathedral, and brother of James Bentham; and afterwards in the endowed school of Sleaford, under the Rev. Edward Waterson. He entered Christ's College, Cambridge, as a sizar in October 1784, became a scholar of that house, and graduated B.A. as sixth wrangler in 1788 (M.A. 1791). On 13 Oct. 1789 he was elected one of the esquire bedells of the university. He became senior esquire bedell in 1827. In that capacity he received gold chains from three successive chancellors of the university, viz. John Pratt, 1st Marquess Camden, 1834, the Duke of Northumberland, 1844, and Prince Albert, 1847.
An advanced Whig in politics, Gunning took an active part in local politics, was a strenuous supporter of the cause of parliamentary reform, and, after the passing of the Municipal Corporations Act, was from 1835 to 1841 a member of the town council of Cambridge. In 1847 an accidental fall left him incurably lame. His official connection with the university continued for more than sixty-five years. He was highly esteemed for his courtesy, gentlemanly bearing, and readiness to communicate his extensive knowledge respecting academic ceremonies and privileges. He died in Brighton on 4 January 1854.
Works.
Gunning's major literary work was "Reminiscences of the University, Town, and County of Cambridge from the year 1780" 1820, 2 vols. London, 1854. He did not begin these sketches until he was over 80 years old. The work was published posthumously; it had been dictated to an amanuensis, Miss M. Beart, who prepared it for publication. Prefixed to the first volume is a portrait of the author, lithographed by Day & Son. A portrait of him, in oil, painted by Dr. Woodhouse, is in the possession of Mrs. Cooper of Cambridge, widow of Charles Henry Cooper. Gunning also prepared a new edition of Adam Wall's "Ceremonies observed in the Senate House of the University of Cambridge", Cambridge, 1828, and wrote a pamphlet on "Compositions for Degrees", 1850.
Family.
Gunning married in 1794 Miss Bertram, whom he survived many years. His eldest son, and the only one who survived him, was Henry Bertram Gunning of Little Shelford, Cambridgeshire, a charity commissioner and an assistant tithe commissioner. Another son, Francis John Gunning, was a solicitor and town clerk of Cambridge from 1836 to 1840; and a third son, Frederick Gunning, was a barrister in practice on the Norfolk circuit, and the author of "A Practical Treatise on the Law of Tolls", London, 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="31174054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174054" title="Mandra-Eidyllia">
Mandra-Eidyllia

Mandra–Eidyllia () is a municipality in the West Attica regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Mandra.
Municipality.
The municipality Mandra–Eidyllia was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31174056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174056" title="2005 Big Sky Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2005 Big Sky Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2005 Big Sky Men's Basketball Tournament was played from March 5 to March 9. The First Round of the tournament was held at the higher seed's home arena, and the semi-finals and championship were held at the Memorial Coliseum in Portland, Oregon, which is the home of regular season champion Portland State. The top 6 teams from regular season play qualified and the top 2 teams received a bye to the semi-finals. The tournament was won by Montana and they received an automatic bid to the 2005 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. As regular season champions who failed to win the tournament Portland State received an automatic bid to the 2005 NIT.

</doc>
<doc id="31174077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174077" title="Peter Schmidt (born 1782)">
Peter Schmidt (born 1782)

Peter Schmidt (12 June 1782 – 4 March 1845) was a Norwegian merchant and politician. He was born in Trondheim as the son of merchant Claus Christian Petersen Schmidt and Johanne Christine Bech, and married Anna Sophie Grundt in 1804. He represented the city of Trondhjem at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Andreas Rogert. He was stock commissioner from 1833 to 1842, and later inspector at the prison Trondheims tukthus.

</doc>
<doc id="31174086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174086" title="Aru, Democratic Republic of the Congo">
Aru, Democratic Republic of the Congo

Aru is town and seat of Aru Territory in Ituri Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. Aru has a small airport but no public electricity grid as of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31174088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174088" title="William Briscoe (politician)">
William Briscoe (politician)

William Briscoe (c 1606 - 25 February 1688) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1654 and 1660.
Briscoe was the son of John Briscoe of Crofton, Cumberland and his wife Mary Braithwaite, daughter of Sir Thomas Braithwaite of Burneshead, Westmorland. He matriculated at Queen's College, Oxford on 12 December 1623, aged 17 and was called to the bar after studying law at Lincoln's Inn in 1634. 
Briscoe served as a Justice of the Peace for Cumberland from 1642 ro 1662 and was appointed High Sheriff of Cumberland for 1650–51. In 1654, he was elected Member of Parliament for Cumberland in the First Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected in 1656 for the Second Protectorate Parliament and in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament. In 1660, Briscoe was elected MP for Carlisle in the Convention Parliament.
Briscoe married firstly on 26 November 1635, Susanna Cranfield, daughter of Sir Randal Cranfield of London and Sutton-at-Hone, Kent and had a son. He married secondly before 12 May 1643, Susanna Brown, daughter of Francis Brown, Haberdasher of London and had three sons and five daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31174097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174097" title="John Gunning">
John Gunning

John Gunning (1734-1798), was an English surgeon.
Early career.
Gunning was born at Swainswick and educated at Winchester. He was the assistant surgeon to St. George's Hospital, London, from 21 January 1760 to 4 January 1765, and full surgeon from that date till his death. In 1773 he was elected Steward of Anatomy by the Surgeons' Company, but paid a fine rather than serve. In 1789 he was elected Examiner on the death of Percivall Pott, and in the same year he was chosen Master of the Company, and signalised his year of office by a firm effort to reform its administration and reorganise its work.
His attack upon the expensive system of dinners of the courts of assistants and of examiners, and his philippic on retiring from office on 1 July 1790, as recorded by South, show that he could be fearlessly outspoken. 
The Court of Assistants appointed a committee to consider the question, and numerous reforms were effected. In 1790 Gunning was appointed the first professor of surgery; but he soon resigned on the plea that it occupied too much of his time, and no new appointment was made. Gunning had been appointed Surgeon-General of the army in 1793, on the death of John Hunter; he was also senior Surgeon Extraordinary to the King.
Conflict with John Hunter.
Gunning was in general opposed to his colleague at St. George's, John Hunter, who was frequently overbearing to his professional brethren, and appeared to them to neglect the proper business of a surgeon for unpractical pursuits. The quarrel rose to a great pitch when a surgeon was elected in succession to Charles Hawkins (1750-1816), who had resigned. Thomas Keate (1745-1821) was supported by Gunning, and Everard Home by Hunter, and after a sharp contest Keate was elected. A dispute ensued about fees for surgical lectures, which led to a controversy between Gunning, senior surgeon, supported by two of his colleagues, and Hunter (see the account in Drewry Ottley, "Life of John Hunter", pp. 126-132). It ended in John Hunter's dramatically sudden death on 16 Oct. 1793, immediately after being flatly contradicted by one of his colleagues, apparently Gunning.
The sale of Surgeon's Hall.
In 1796 it was determined to sell the Surgeons' Hall on account of the expense attending its repair; but on 7 July Gunning, on behalf of the committee, reported that as no one had bid within 200₤ of the price set upon it, it had been bought in. At the same court Henry Cline was elected a member of the Court of Assistants, in the absence of a governor (one having just died, and the other being blind and paralysed in Warwickshire). This voided the charter. A bill brought into parliament in 1797 to indemnify the company, and to give it greater power over the profession, after passing the commons, was lost in the House of Lords by the influence of Thurlow, owing, it is said, to a grudge against Gunning. Thurlow having said, "There's no more science in surgery than in butchery" (a remark apparently prompted by his brother's death while undergoing treatment by Hunter). Gunning had retorted: "Then, my lord, I heartily pray that your lordship may break your leg, and have only a butcher to set it". 
Gunning died at Bath on 14 Feb. 1798.

</doc>
<doc id="31174111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174111" title="Darren Rameka">
Darren Rameka

Darren Rameka is a New Zealand former rugby league player who played professionally in Australia.
Playing career.
Rameka played for the New Zealand Māori in the 1994 Pacific Cup. He again played for the Māori in a 1999 match against the Great Britain Lions.
In 1995 Rameka made his professional debut, playing for the Sydney City Roosters. He played two seasons for the Roosters before moving to the St. George Dragons in 1997.
During the Super League war he represented the Australian Rugby League's Rest of the World side in 1997. He then spent the 1998 season with the Western Suburbs Magpies. He remained with Wests in 1999 but did not play a first grade match.

</doc>
<doc id="31174115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174115" title="Frank Scalercio">
Frank Scalercio

Frank Scalercio (born January 3, 1960) is a college football coach, who served as the head coach of the Sonoma State Cossacks from 1993 to 1996. During this time he compiled an overall record of 7–30–1 with future NFL All-Pro guard Larry Allen being his most notable player. Scalercio was relieved of his position in December 1996 when the university president Reuben Arminana decided to discontinue the football program in part after students rejected a $300 fee increase to help in covering its operating costs.

</doc>
<doc id="31174124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174124" title="Bits, Sticks, and Buttons.">
Bits, Sticks, and Buttons.

Bits, Sticks, and Buttons. The Unofficial Guide to the 50 Greatest Arcade Games is an arcade-related book written by Sean Newton. The book is offered only through a self-publishing website known as Blurb.com. The book's content follows a simple layout which offers an in-depth look at the Top 50 games. Although the list can be viewed subjectively, the author demonstrates the effectiveness of each game through describing certain notable attributes each game has, such as graphics, artwork, control schemes, and pop culture significance. The book offers many opinions and photos from notable arcade enthusiasts and gamers, which help add to the overall aura each game possesses. Two key features are embedded into the book to help break up the monotony of the list- Both are titles "MVPs of the Arcades". The first of these double page spreads highlights the hobbyists who repair, offer parts, and reproduce artwork for arcade games. The second MVP section focuses on the owners of Retro arcades who have strove to re-create the general ambiance from booming arcades from the 80's.
The book is 80 pages, full-color, and contains many digital game rooms which display 3D models of arcade games (made on Google Sketchup) to help visually show certain attributes and profiles to certain iconic arcade cabinets.
Game List.
50- 720°. Chosen for its interactive use of controls and genre. 
49- Operation Wolf. Chosen for its pioneering status for the rail-shooter genre and positional joystick.
48- Crazy Taxi. Open road driving which let players free-roam in gameplay. 
47- Rampage. Multiple player chaos
46- Mario Bros. Defining game in the two-player platform genre. First introduction of the Mario "Brothers".
45- Super Off-Road. Slapstick controls for three players.
44- NBA JAM. Genre-defining game for not only Basketball, but all sports.
43- Afterburner. Interactive use of controls for ultimate player immersion.
42- Final Fight. Huge leap forward in the overall style of the beat 'em up genre.
41- Super Punch-out. Classic graphics and iconic controls.
40- Track & Field. Chosen for its renowned ability to make the player's heart rate rise. 
39- Dragon's Lair. Most influential laser-disc game using full animation.
38- Dig Dug. Simple, elementary game with a huge cult following.
37- Spy Hunter. Chosen for its use of hunter/killer type of gameplay intermingled with a classic overhead driving game.
36- Marble Madness. Addictive gameplay and unique controls.
35- Arkanoid. Simple, yet effective gameplay which both sexes can appreciate.
34- Double Dragon. Ground-breaking beat 'em up classic with a twist storyline.
33- Big Buck Hunter Pro. Arguably, the most important bar-room shooter released in decades.
32- Outrun. Sophisticated use of scaling technology and soundtrack.
31- Silent Scope. Revolutionary rail-shooter with intense replay value.
30- Gauntlet. Considered the first true "quarter muncher" for friends to share an adventure with.
29- Raiden. Raised the bar for all future shoot-em ups to follow.
28- Golden Tee Fore!. Chosen for its mass earnings and legendary status symbol in nearly every brewpub and country club.
27- Battlezone. Interactive use of controls.
26- Frogger. Simple goals, memorable character.
25- Gyruss. Chosen for stereo music soundtrack and one-of-a-kind gameplay.
24- House of the Dead. Legendary status as the best rail-shooter.
23- San Francisco Rush The Rock. Best use of smooth controls and simple physics driving.
22- Dance Dance Revolution. Chosen for its ability to transform the arcade scene during a time of heavy console use at homes.
21- Tempest. Tube shooter with addictive gameplay.
20- X-men. Chosen for its unique cabinet which allowed for six players at once.
19- Robotron 2084. Frantic gameplay and double-handed control scheme.
18- Pole Position. Best driving game. Simple goal which takes years to master, but one can pick up and play.
17- Mortal Kombat II. Excessive use of violence and upgraded character attributes.
16- Metal Slug X. Chosen for its wildly animated levels and intense soundtrack.
15- Ms.Pacman. Upgraded sequel to one of the best games ever. 
14- Missile Command. Chosen for its pinpoint accuracy controls made use by trackball.
13- Star Wars. Successful meld between film and arcade. Speech, graphics, and controls.
12- Asteroids. Huge earnings and simplistic gameplay.
11- Pong. Rudimentary, yet addictive gameplay.
10- Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Colorful level layout and amazing attention to detail.
9- Space Invaders. Huge earnings and ushered in the microprocessor.
8- Tron. Intricate cabinet design and perfect fusion between movie marketing and gameplay.
7- Centipede. Fan-favorite for women and intuitive controls.
6- Tetris. Irresistible gameplay.
5- Defender. High scores table and intense gameplay.
4- Galaga and Galaxian. Considered the true father and mother to the vertical shooter genre.
3- Street Fighter II. Defining game in the fighting genre.
2- Pac-Man. Classic, timeless game which could be finished by pattern recognition.
1- Donkey Kong. Multiple gamescreens, storyline, animated characters, sound.
Reception.
While the book was given high praise, especially on the "Killer List of Video Games" website forums, criticism was offered in response to many pertinent titles not appearing on the top 50 list. Most notably, the absence of fan-favorites like Joust, Q-bert, and Paperboy. The author does offer "honorable mention" to these games in his book, but stands his ground pointing out that while these games are loved highly by the die-hard enthusiast, most of the general public's opinions of the titles are limited to just character marketing.
The book also received criticism for having a "biased opinion" on the list. However, the author maintains that he tried to stay as objective as possible when weighing the pros and cons of each game. Also noted as a complaint, was that the author awarded both Galaga and Galaxian the coveted number four rank. The author maintains his stance that "Both games influenced the market and gaming history so greatly, that it was a mistake to not include both". He argued that both games played so similar, that they could be seen as one single entity.
Trivia.
The author actually appears on the cover of the book wearing camouflage pants and being squashed by a Donkey Kong Junior cabinet. What makes this even more interesting, is that the author had a friend steady an actual Donkey Kong Junior cabinet on his chest for the photo. Tripcannon, the man who stands on page 25 of the book, was the photographer for the cover.
Sean Newton released a follow-up book the following year in 2012 titled "Grails. The Cool, the Rare, and the Obscure of Arcade Games".

</doc>
<doc id="31174167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174167" title="Luchia Yishak">
Luchia Yishak

Luchia Yishak (born 8 April 1973 in Eritrea) is a former Ethiopian long-distance runner. She ran for Ethiopia at the Summer Olympics in 1992 and 1996.
She came to prominence as a teenager, winning medals on the track at the African Championships in Athletics and All-Africa Games and reaching the 10,000 metres final at the 1991 World Championships in Athletics. After a series of high-profile wins on the cross country circuit, she won a team medal at the 1992 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. That same year she made her Olympic debut at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics.
Her international career stalled after this and her next appearances at the 1995 World Championships and 1996 Summer Olympics saw her knocked out in the heats stages. She helped the Ethiopian women to the title at the 1996 IAAF World Road Relay Championships, but that year's appearances were her last on the international stage as the 26-year-old runner's career came to an abrupt end.
Career.
Her first major success came at the 1989 African Championships in Athletics, where she claimed the 3000 metres bronze medal. She improved a position to take the silver medal in the event at the 1990 African Championships in Athletics behind Derartu Tulu. Luchia came close to an individual medal at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 1990 and 1991, finishing fourth and taking the team silver medal on both occasions. She made her global track debut at the 1991 World Championships in Athletics, where she finished tenth in the 10,000 metres final. The following month she represented Ethiopia at the 1991 All-Africa Games and was the runner-up in the 3000 m behind Susan Sirma.
Luchia performed well on the cross country running circuit in late 1991 to early 1992, taking wins at the Cross Zornotza, Cross de San Sebastián, Cinque Mulini and Almond Blossom Cross Country. These performances contributed to her rank of third place on the IAAF World Cross Challenge series for that season. She was selected for the 1992 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and her tenth place finish led the Ethiopian women to the bronze medals in the team competition.
On the track later that year, she won the 10,000 m bronze behind Derartu Tulu and Lydia Cheromei at the 1992 African Championships in Athletics. As a result, Luchia was selected to make her Olympic debut at the age of nineteen, running in the 10,000 m at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics. However, she failed to progress beyond the heats stage of the event. She and Fita Bayisa became the first Ethiopians since Mamo Wolde to win at the Cross Internacional Juan Muguerza in January 1993. At the Cross de San Sebastián, Ethiopian duo also took the men's and women's titles, repeating their feats of the previous year. In spite of her performances, she failed to gain a place on the national team for the World Cross Country Championships.
Her next major outing came at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics, although she failed to make it past the 5000 m qualifiers. She experienced a brief resurgence in form in 1996 as she won her first national title in the 5000 m, guaranteeing herself a place on the Olympic team in the process. She also set a career best of 15:22.53 minutes for the event that season. However, the 23-year-old again failed to make it past the heats on the global stage, coming thirteenth in her 5000 m race at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
She ran the anchor leg of the championship record-breaking team at the 1996 IAAF World Road Relay Championships, which she won in a time of 2:16:04 hours, alongside the Ethiopian women's team of Genet Gebregiorgis, Berhane Adere, Ayelech Worku, Gete Wami and Getenesh Urge.

</doc>
<doc id="31174173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174173" title="Zor and Zam">
Zor and Zam

"Zor and Zam" is a song written by Bill and John Chadwick and recorded by The Monkees for their 1968 album "The Birds, The Bees & The Monkees". It was also featured in the final episode of season 2 of the band's popular television series, entitled "The Frodis Caper". The song involves the preparations for a war between two monarchs of rival kingdoms; however, when it comes time to fight, no one shows up and the war never happens.
The song appeared in a markedly different mix on the television show than it did on "The Birds, The Bees & The Monkees".

</doc>
<doc id="31174179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174179" title="Simon Gunton">
Simon Gunton

Simon Gunton (1609-1676) was an English clergyman and antiquary.
Life.
Simon Gunton was the son of William Gunton of Peterborough, Northamptonshire, by Ellen his wife, and was baptised in St. John's Church in that town, 30 December 1609. His father was registrar of the diocese, having been elected 13 March 1616. Simon was educated at Magdalene College, Cambridge, as a member of which he graduated B.A. in 1630-1, proceeding M.A. in 1634. Then taking orders he became vicar of Pytchley, Northamptonshire, 14 October 1637, and on 12 November 1646 was collated, but without effect, to the first prebend of Peterborough. During the civil war he found a retreat in the household of James Stuart, Duke of Richmond and Lennox, as we learn from the dedication to the little duke Esme of his 'God's House, with the nature and use thereof, as it ought to be understood and respected by Christians under the Gospel,' 8vo, London, 1657.
After the Restoration in 1660 he took possession of his prebend, and on 24 September of the same year was presented to the vicarage of Peterborough. He soon afterwards obtained an act in augmentation of the living. The following year he published another little manual entitled "Όρθολατρεία: or, a brief Discourse concerning Bodily Worship: proving it to be God's due", 8vo, London, 1661. In December 1666 he resigned the vicarage of Peterborough to become rector of Fiskerton, Lincolnshire, where he died and was buried 17 May 1676. By his wife, Susannah Dickenson, of Peterborough, he had several children. During his boyhood, as he himself states in a letter to Joseph Henshaw, bishop of the diocese, Gunton took copies of the inscriptions on the monuments in Peterborough Cathedral, many of which were defaced by the parliamentary troops. He had also through his father's position unlimited access to the cathedral archives before they were in turn destroyed. Ten years after his death his collections, revised and augmented with an appendix of charters and privileges and a supplement by Simon Patrick were published as "The History of the Church of Peterburgh: wherein the most remarkable Things concerning that Place, from the first Foundation thereof: With other Passages of History, not unworthy publick view are represented. . . . Illustrated with Sculptures", fol., London, 1686. White Kennett, afterwards bishop of Peterborough, wrote large additions in a copy now preserved in the cathedral library. Thomas Baker's copy with Kennett's notes and a few of his own is in Cambridge University Library. There are also copies with notes by Bishop Cumberland, William Cole, and others, in the Bodleian Library. The original manuscript of Patrick's "Supplement" was acquired by the British Museum in 1859. An "Epitome" of Gunton's "History" by C. Jacob, published at Peterborough in 1804, 8vo, went through several editions.

</doc>
<doc id="31174186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174186" title="Ali Fahiye Geedi Primary and Intermediary School">
Ali Fahiye Geedi Primary and Intermediary School

The Ali Fahiye Geedi Primary and Intermediary School is an educational institution in Qandala, situated in the northeastern Puntland region of Somalia. It is located around 75 kilometres (47 mi) east of Bosaso, the state's commercial capital. The institution serves around 200 students. 
Overview.
Ali Fahiye Geedi Primary and Intermediary School was established in the early 20th century, during the colonial period in Italian Somaliland. The Supreme Revolutionary Council (SRC) later launched a large renovation project of the facility. In 2009, the school again underwent major reconstruction and refurbishment.
Funding.
Funding for the operation and rehabilitation of the institution is provided by the Noor Foundation Somalia.
Alumni.
Past alumni of the school include many promnient members of the Qandala community, who have held positions both in government and major private institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="31174205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174205" title="Sologubovka Cemetery">
Sologubovka Cemetery

Sologubovka Cemetery is a German war cemetery and the final resting place of over 30,000 German war dead from World War II. Located southeast of St. Petersburg in northwestern Russia, it has a planned capacity for a further 50,000 new burials of previously lost German war dead.
History.
In September 2000, the Sologubovka Cemetery was opened in the presence of German and Russian officials, including many German veterans hoping to find lost comrades. The cemetery is one of dozens opened or refurbished since the end of the Cold War by the German War Graves Commission, which is tasked with restoring and maintaining the graves of German soldiers from both world wars. Most of the fallen soldiers remained lost or unknown for over forty years, their graves destroyed, abandoned or simply unknown.
Russian sentiment.
The cemetery's opening ceremony was boycotted by some Russian Siege of Leningrad veterans, but local residents showed appreciation for the refurbishment of the church and road improvements provided by Germany. More than 700,000 Soviets died during the Battle of Leningrad near Sologubovka, presumably in combat with those Germans buried here. Lingering anti-German sentiment over the war in general and the fact that the USSR frequently did not bury its own war dead was mentioned in the press, but no protests or overt hostility towards the new German presence was reported.
Lost German war dead.
Up to 10,000 German military dead are found and buried each year in this part of Russia. The cemetery has become a point of reconciliation between German and Russian youth, who jointly search for unmarked graves around Sologubovka and elsewhere in Russia. The Goethe-Institut sponsors events and exhibitions at Sologubovka Cemetery to heighten awareness of the missing soldiers from World War II and to facilitate mutual German-Russian understanding and recognition of war dead. The German War Graves Commission estimates there are still many thousands of German unmarked war graves throughout Russia and areas of the former Eastern Front but has successfully located and reinterred over 600,000 in German sponsored cemeteries like Sologubovka since the end of the Cold War.

</doc>
<doc id="31174244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174244" title="Inaba Masao">
Inaba Masao

Lieutenant Colonel Inaba Masao was a Japanese officer during World War II of the Military Affairs Bureau.
In 1945, after the Emperor and his ministers were seeking to surrender, he urged to Korechika Anami, the War Minister, that the soldiers be told to keep fighting, especially with the Soviet Union massing its forces. He prepared a statement urging soldiers to fight to the bitter end, without reference to surrender. Two lieutenant colonels, one of them Masahiko Takeshita, came to tell him that the Cabinet was about to issue a statement hinting at surrender, and they hastened to broadcast his message without Anami's approval. The Director of the Information Bureau, Hiroshi Shimomura, concluded that without its broadcast, Anami might be assassinated by younger officers, and so broadcast it.
This caused consternation in the government, which feared that his statement would provoke a third atomic bomb, and arranged for the message to be sent as a news broadcast, in English and Morse code, to escape military censors and so arrive in time.
When the Kyūjō Incident was plotted, to prevent the emperor's declaration of surrender from being broadcast, Inaba refused to join the conspiracy and told the conspirators that the attempt was useless.

</doc>
<doc id="31174255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174255" title="Kasongo Lunda">
Kasongo Lunda

Kasongo Lunda is a town and seat of Kasongo Lunda Territory, in Kwango District, Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The town lies near the border with Angola to the east, here defined by the Kwango River.
As of 2012 the town was estimated to have a population of 23,820.

</doc>
<doc id="31174259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174259" title="La Nueva Viga Market">
La Nueva Viga Market

La Nueva Viga Market is the largest seafood market in Mexico and the second largest in the world after the Tsukiji fish market in Japan. It is located in Mexico City far inland from the coast, because of historical patterns of commerce in the country. The market handles 1,500 tons of seafood daily, representing about 60% of the total market. Most of the seafood is distributed to the Mexico City metropolitan area and the states surrounding it, but there is distribution to other states and abroad.
History.
The major distribution of seafood products has been centered in Mexico City for many years, first at the La Viga Market in the borough of Iztacalco and now at the La Nueva Viga Market in Iztapalapa. The reason the main seafood market is in the capital, rather than in a coastal city, is that Mexico City has a long history of being the economic center of the country. Since pre Hispanic times, much of the seafood and other produce either ended up or passed through here. The people of the Mexico City area have also become accustomed to enjoying the bounty provided by almost all of the states, so the demand for seafood is greatest here.
The first La Viga Market was established near the La Viga Canal, which was named after a 19th-century ranch. In the 19th century, this area was filled with drying land, with artificial islands called “chinampas” and canals,including La Viga, which linked Chalco and Xochimilco, which still had their lakes, to the lake port of San Lázaro, near the historic center of Mexico City. The canal and others in the area were drained and filled in in the very early 20th century, with the La Viga Canal becoming the Calzada de La Viga road. Around this new road, industries and neighborhoods emerged. The old La Viga Market still exists and still sells mostly wholesale, but its customers are more local, such as retailers and restaurants in Mexico City.
La Nueva Viga was established in the mid 1990s because the demand for wholesale seafood outstripped the old traditional market’s ability to distribute. It has become one of the most important markets in Latin America, and the second largest seafood market in the world, after Tokyo's Tsukiji fish market . It and the Mercado del Mar in Zapopan, Jalisco control almost all of the seafood distribution in the country.
Both the old traditional market and the new one are under the same management. The former market chairman was in the position for fifteen years. That term has since been shortened and the current chairman, Jorge Toral Peña, has only a three year term. He plans a change in the retail area to include a gourmet plaza and area permanently dedicated to promoting the health benefits of eating seafood. On Saturdays, the market hosts cooking classes and hosts contests for seafood recipes.
Description.
La Nueva Viga is located on Prologación Eje 6 Sur, Colonia San José Aculco, Iztapalapa . It is located on the property of the government owned Central de Abasto, but this market is privately owned. The facility extends over 9.2 hectares, with 202 wholesale warehouses, 55 retail warehouses and 165 sellers in total. Four warehouses have certified products and another 80 have been ranked has having excellent handling practices, expecting certification.
While by far most of the businesses inside sell fresh and frozen fish, there are other business selling kitchen supplies, groceries and even banks. Outside there is some public transportation and freight services.
The workday starts early, at four am, when trucks loaded with fresh seafood arrive. Between 20,000 and 25,000 customers pass through the facility on any given day. Many clients are restaurant owners from in and around Mexico City. From 6 am, when stalls open to 6pm, the market is filled with shouts of merchants attracting customers, as well as the sounds of blades as mountains of fish and other seafood are gutted, chopped and otherwise prepared. The market employs about 7,500 people, many of whom are from coast areas and used to the strong odor of fish the permeates the interior.
Products sold.
La Nueva Viga handles the largest volume of seafood and has the largest assortment of ocean products in Mexico. Approximately 300 different fresh and frozen species and approximately 100 imported frozen species are marketed every day in this supply center. This includes every kind of fish imaginable to shellfish, shrimp, and even sharks and manta rays. An average of 500 tons of fresh fish and 1000 tons of frozen products are handled each day, about sixty percent of the national fishing production, and the second largest volume in the world after the fish market in Tokyo. Most of the seafood is domestic, but imported product can be found from five continents. The seafood comes from all of the coasts of Mexico, but most domestic product comes from the Gulf of Mexico. There is a website dedicated to the inventory of the market, which is updated daily at [http://www.economia-sniim.gob.mx/SNIIM-PESCA/e_lvini1.asp.]
Lent is the busiest season for La Nueva Viga and all seafood vendors of Mexico. In 2010, La Nueva Viga sales during this season were 2,500 tons per day. At this time, there are more than one hundred species of fish and shellfish in season, with some selling as low as twelve pesos per kilo. For this important time, federal health officials inspect this and other markets to check for contaminants such as salmonella bacteria and various parasites, in order to reassure the public that the supply is safe.
Most of the seafood sold here is sent to other states and exported as well as sold to more local restaurants and retail markets. Seventy percent of the product sold goes to the city and the neighboring states of Hidalgo, Tlaxclas, Puebla, Morelos and State of Mexico. Much of what is exported is the most expensive, such as sea bass, shrimp, and lobster. However, the most economical species are often not sold in Mexico either as they are unknown to most people’s dietary habits. By far, the most popular seafood sold here and in the rest of Mexico is shrimp, followed weakly by mojarra. For popular species of fish, vendors report that little is wasted. Even the heads, which are often chopped off for clients are reused. The meat inside them is taken out and sold as is or formed into croquets. Spines and other bones with scraps are sold for the making of stock. However, an estimated seven tons of product per day consisting of less popular species is wasted because it does not sell in time.
While the locations selling fresh and frozen fish dominate the market, there are a number of other businesses in the facility as well. The market also has a large number of prepared food stands selling tamales, tacos, cocktails, fillets and other seafood dishes. There are also business selling knives, copper cookware, other kitchen utensils, groceries, banks and government offices.
Challenges.
One major challenge to the market is the decline in sales of domestically produced seafood. These have fallen as much as forty percent by some estimates. Vendors at the market claim that some is due to competition from foreign seafood, but most is due to the lack of promotion of seafood by federal government officials, even the Comité Nacional de Fomento al Consumo de Producto Pesquero, which is tasked to do just that. The complaint is that this committee only promotes seafood during the Lent. Due to free trade agreements, seafood from countries such as China, Panama and Chile are appearing at the market and now account for about 10 percent of the sales. Domestic seafood is generally better quality as it spends less or no time frozen, but the frozen imported product is often cheaper. Common imported species include tilapia, shark, sparidae or porgies and carp .
The market faces competition with a planned market in Baja California, which accounts for 75% of the seafood produced in Mexico. One reason this market is planned is because of the sanitation problems at La Viga.
One last problem is that there is a lack of public transportation to the facility, making it difficult for many retail buyers to shop here.
See also.
Traditional fixed markets in Mexico

</doc>
<doc id="31174275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174275" title="Nicolás Guevara">
Nicolás Guevara

Alfredo Nicolás Guevara (born February 1, 1987 in Mar del Plata) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Club Deportivo River Plate of the Ecuadorian Serie B.

</doc>
<doc id="31174286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174286" title="Brampton Gurdon (lecturer)">
Brampton Gurdon (lecturer)

Brampton Gurdon (c.1672 in Letton, Norfolk – 20 November 1741) was an English clergyman and academic, Boyle lecturer in 1721.
Life.
Gurdon was the younger son of Brampton Gurdon, of Letton, Norfolk (who was nephew of John Gurdon), by his wife Elizabeth, daughter of Francis Thornhagh, of Fenton, Nottinghamshire. He was admitted (aged 15) to Caius College, Cambridge in 1687, and graduated B.A. in 1691 and M.A. in 1695. By 1696 he had been elected fellow of his college. His Boyle lectures were published as "The Pretended Difficulties in Natural or Reveal'd Religion no Excuse for Infidelity. Sixteen Sermons preach'd in the Church of St. Mary le Bow, London, in ... 1721 and 1722", 8vo, London, 1723. Gurdon was a favourite of Lord Chancellor Macclesfield, who made him his chaplain and gave him the rectory of Stapleford Abbots, Essex, 17 March 1719-1720, a living he resigned 3 November 1724. On 16 March 1726-7 he was collated to the archdeaconry of Sudbury; became rector of Denham, Buckinghamshire, 17 October 1730; and rector of St. Edmund the King, Lombard Street, about 1732, preferments which he held until his death.
He died unmarried in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields, 20 November 1741.
Works.
His other writings are: 

</doc>
<doc id="31174290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174290" title="Mark Grater">
Mark Grater

Mark Anthony Grater (born January 19, 1964 in Rochester, Pennsylvania) is former Major League Baseball pitcher. Grater played for the St. Louis Cardinals in and the Detroit Tigers in . He batted and threw right-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="31174312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31174312" title="Eurasia Tunnel">
Eurasia Tunnel

The Eurasia Tunnel () is a road tunnel under construction in Istanbul, Turkey, crossing the Bosphorus strait undersea. The project's completion is expected by October 2016.
The double-deck tunnel will connect Kazlıçeşme on the European and Göztepe on the Asian part of Istanbul on a route. It will cross the Bosphorus beneath the seabed, with the aim to alleviate Istanbul’s traffic pressure. It is at about south of the undersea railway tunnel Marmaray, which was opened on 29 October 2013. With this new route, the journey time between Kazlicesme and Göztepe will be shortened from 100 minutes to 15 minutes.
Background.
The conceptual background of Eurasia Tunnel reaches back to the findings of the Transportation Master Plan undertaken by Istanbul University on behalf of Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality in 1997. Based on this plan, a pre-feasibility study had been conducted in 2003 for a new Bosphorus crossing. According to the results of this study, a road tunnel was recommended as the solution that offers the highest feasibility.
The Ministry of Transportation, Maritime and Communication of Turkey has commissioned a feasibility study to Nippon Koei Co. Ltd. in 2005 for an assessment of route alternatives for a new tunnel crossing. Based on environmental and social criteria and cost and risk factors, the study has supported the proposed route as the preferred option.
The two current bridges have also been taken into consideration in selecting the tunnel’s location, which enables a balanced distribution in Bosphors crossings. Among other selection criteria, lowest investment cost due to a shorter tunnel length and sufficient space for construction sites and operational buildings (toll plaza, administrative units) have also stood out. High level assessments based on corridor alternatives that are comprehensively defined in the feasibility study also support the selection of the proposed route in terms of environmental and social costs and risk factors.
Investors.
Avrasya Tüneli İşletme İnşaat ve Yatırım A.Ş. (ATAŞ) has been founded on 26 October 2009 by the partnership of Yapı Merkezi from Turkey and SK E&C from South Korea.
The build–operate–transfer model adopted at the Eurasia Tunnel, has brought together the private investment dynamism and their project experience, and the support of international financial institutions. The total duration of concession is 30 years and six months. The handling over is scheduled to be by April 2043.
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is supplying a finance package worth US$150 million. Other components of the US$1.245 billion financing package include a $350 million loan from the European Investment Bank (EIB) and financing and guarantees from Export-Import Bank of Korea and K-Sure, also with participation from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Standard Chartered, Mizuho Bank, Türkiye İş Bankası, Garanti Bank and Yapı ve Kredi Bankası. A hedging facility for the transaction is provided by some of the lenders as well as Deutsche Bank.
Project segments.
The project comprises three main segments:
Construction of five U-turns as underpasses and seven pedestrian crossings as overpasses along Kennedy Street that stretches between Kazlıçeşme and Sarayburnu as a shoreline road at Marmara Sea. Widening of the entire Segment 1, which is approximately , from 3x2 lanes to 2x4 lanes.
The construction of a , two-deck road tunnel with two lanes on each deck, a toll plaza and an administrative building on the western end and ventilation shafts on both ends of the tunnel.
Widening from 2x3 and 2x4 lanes to 2x4 and 2x5 lanes along an approximately -stretch of the current D100 road that links at Goztepe to Ankara-Istanbul State Highway, and construction of 2 bridging intersections, 1 overpass and 3 pedestrian bridges.
Technical details.
For the design of the project were the American firms Parsons Brinckerhoff and HNTB responsible while the British Arup Group Limited, and Jacobs Engineering Group from the United States undertook the technical and traffic studies. The geotechnical survey was provided by the Dutch Fugro. The tunnel boring machine of type TBM was supplied by the German manufacturer Herrenknecht. The French company Egis Group will be in charge of the operation. When completed, the sections 1 and 3 will be operated by the Istanbul Metropolitan Municiaplity and the section 2 by ATAŞ.
The TBM section crossing the Bosphorus is long while another is constructed by New Austrian Tunnelling method (NATM) and cut-and-cover method. The tunnel's excavation diameter is , which allows an inner diameter of with -thick lining. 
The tunnel is designed to withstand earthquakes of magnitude up to 7.5 on Richter scale under the consideration of maximum safety. The tunnel's lowest depth under the sea level is while its maximum depth below the seabed is with an overburden measuring . It is planned that the -long and 1,500-tons-heavy machine will progress daily around and complete the excavation work in less than one-and-half years.
The tunnel is designed so that it has protected emergency rooms in a distance of to provide shelter for the elderly and disabled, also escape route to the other tunnel level. Every , there will be an emergency lane equipped with emergency telephone.
The ground breaking took place on 26 February 2011. The on-site assembly of the TBM was completed in April 2014 so that tunnel boring could take start. It is projected that the construction will last 55 months. Excavation work was initiated by Prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on April 19, 2014. 
The speed limit in the tunnel route will be set to while it is reduced to in the U-turn underpasses. Around 120,000 cars and light vehicles will pass through the tunnel daily in average when it is completed. It is estimated that the traffic flow through the tunnel will increase from initially 80,000 vehicles a day up to its maximum capacity of daily 130,000 in 2023 and after. 
The toll is planned to be Turkish lira equivalent of US$4.00 plus VAT for cars and US$6.00 plus VAT for minibusses in each direction. The toll rate will change in accordance with US US Consumer Price Index.
Criticism.
Architects and urban planners have questioned the ability of new roads to relieve transportation problems in dense urban environments, damage to sensitive sites from car traffic, lack of transparency, and thorough analysis of the projects impact prior to design. Experts in the Istanbul branches of the Chamber of Engineers and Chamber of Planners question the validity of the claim of traffic relief. They note that the connection will likely increase traffic congestion in the city center and also within the historic peninsula. Increased traffic and congestion in the historic city could have detrimental effects on the architectural monuments via pollution and consequent corrosion. Many of the tunnel's vents will exhaust near significant architectural monuments. Europa Nostra, a cultural heritage organization, believes that the stakeholder engagement process was conducted to meet the requirements for international development funding rather than a genuine desire address stakeholder concerns.

</doc>
