<doc id="31059420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059420" title="Las Choapas (archaeological site)">
Las Choapas (archaeological site)

Las Choapas is a recently found archaeological site located within the municipality of Las Choapas, in the southeastern border of the Veracruz State, inside the San Miguel de Allende Ejido, bordering the municipalities of Huimanguillo, Tabasco and Ostuacán, in Chiapas. 
The site covers a known extension of about 60 Hectares and its actual location is being deliberately concealed to prevent the common looting. Access to the site by land takes about four hours as there are no roads, helicopter is the preferred means of transportation when archaeologists visit the site.
The culture that occupied this area is not clearly identified; however the site lies within the Olmec nuclear zone, sort of in between La Venta just north in the neighboring state of Tabasco, and San Lorenzo Tenochtitlan some to the west, both of which are important Olmec sites, but there are many smaller sites in surrounding areas, see the Olmec heartland map.
Background.
The prehispanic history of Veracruz is complex. It was inhabited primarily by four native cultures. The Huastecos and Otomis occupied the north, while the Totonacs resided in the north-center. The Olmecs, one of the oldest cultures in the Americas, became dominant in the southern part of Veracruz.
Remains of these past civilizations can be found in archeological sites such as Pánuco, Castillo de Teayo, El Zapotal, Las Higueras, Quiahuiztlán, El Tajín, Cempoala, Tres Zapotes and San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán.
The first major civilization in territory of the current state is that of the Olmecs, whose origin is unknown. Theories vary, including one which has a group of people with Negroid features arriving to Campeche then north to Veracruz over 3,500 years ago. The Olmecs settled in the Coatzacoalcos River region and it became the center of Olmec culture. The main ceremonial center here was San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán. Other major centers in the state include Tres Zapotes in the city of Veracruz and La Venta in Tabasco. The culture reached its height about 2600 years ago, with its best-known artistic expression being the colossal stone heads. These ceremonial sites were the most complex of that early time period. For this reason, many anthropologists consider the Olmec civilization to be the mother culture of the many Mesoamerican cultures that followed it. By 300 BCE, this culture was eclipsed by other emerging civilizations in Mesoamerica.
Another major group was the Totonacas, who have survived to the present day. Their region, called Totonacapan, is centered between the Cazones River and the Papaloapan River in the north of the state. Pre-Columbian Totonacas lived from hunting fishing and agriculture, mostly of corn, beans, chili peppers and squash. This is also the native region of the vanilla bean. Clay sculptures with smiling faces are indicative of this culture. The major site is El Tajin, located near Papantla, but the culture reached its apogee in Cempoala (about five miles (8 km) inland from the current port of Veracruz), when it was conquered by the Aztecs. When the Spaniards arrived in 1519, the territory was still home to a population of about 250,000 people living in fifty population centers and speaking four Totonac dialects. 25,000 were living in Cempoala alone.
The Huastecas are in the far north of the Veracruz and extend into parts of Tamaulipas, Hidalgo, San Luis Potosí, Querétaro and Puebla. The language and agricultural techniques of these people and the Maya are similar; however, only a few buildings and ceramics remain from the early Huasteca culture. This culture also reached its peak between 1200 and 1519, when it was conquered by the Spanish.
During the 15th and very early 16th century, the Aztecs came to dominate much of the state and dividing it into tributary provinces, of Tochtepec, Cuetlaxtlan, Cempoallan, Quauhtochco, Jalapa, Misantla, and Tlatlauhquitepec. The Aztecs were interested in the areas vegetation and crops such as cedars, fruit, cotton, cacao, corn, beans and vanilla. However, the Totonacs chafed under Aztec rule, with Aztec rulers from Axayacatl to Moctezuma II having to send soldiers to quell rebellions. The Huastecs were subjugated more successfully by the Aztecs and relegated to the provinces of Atlan and Tochpan.
Recent findings provide that Las Choapas could well be one of the most important ancient Zoque cities.
Zoque Culture.
The Zoque are an native people of Mexico; that speak variants of the Zoque languages.
The culture developed mainly in the northerly sector of Chiapas state, in the northern part of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, in the state of Oaxaca, including the Selva Zoque and as far away as the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and parts of the state of Tabasco.Their language is also called Zoque, and has several branches and dialects. The Zoque are related to the Mixe.
They are believed to be descendants of the Olmec who migrated to Chiapas and Oaxaca. They had a good social and commercial relationship with the Mexica, which contributed to the economic prosperity of their culture in Chiapas.
On 17 May 2010 archaeologists in southern Mexico found a dignitary’s tomb inside a pyramid that may be the oldest type of burial discovered in Mesoamerica. The grave dates from about 2,700 years ago.
This tomb was built by the Zoque natives in Chiapa de Corzo, in southern Chiapas. It may be about 1,000 years older than the better-known pyramid tomb of the Mayan ruler Pakal at the Palenque archaeological site, also in Chiapas. Pre-Hispanic cultures built pyramids mainly as representations of the levels leading from the underworld to the sky.
Toponymy.
The location original name was Achoapan, from the achiote word, river.
The Site.
Ancient Mesoamerica News Updates 2008, No. 29 (April 5, 2008), reported on a recent discovery of a monolithic large size stone carving fragment. The stone depicted a skeletal personage, associated with a dot-and-bar numeral 7.
Currently available information associated with most sites found within the area (Ejido San Miguel de Allende) was initially placed chronologically to the preclassical mesoamerican period.
The site was originally wrongly reported with an association with the Maya, but as of April 4, 2008 the issue was clarified, relevant authorities confirmed that no excavation, exploration nor finding that would confirm the site as a Mayan city.
The initial belief of a Mayan city was due to the carved stone and the person depicted as well as the numeral inscriptions. These representations are not common of the Zoque region, as they are in the Maya region, where the character is known as “Vucub Came” and is a death related deity.
This, however, does not confirm the site as Mayan, as in fact there were cultural and social relations between this region and the Mayas. The region is part of what was believed to be a trade route between the south east and north-western region. This regions has Olmec and zoque cultural elements.
Vestiges found at Las Choapas suggest, from the orography and complex position can be archaeologically compared with the el zoque tradition, particularly with Malpasito, Tabasco.
A preliminary assessment of the features depicted by the monolithic sculpture can be related to other cultures, not necessarily the Maya. The main image consists of a stark skull, which was common in Mesoamerica in general. The face also has attributes such as ear decorations, and in the front an expanding scroll is depicted and emerges between nose and eyes, which can refer to the fire or breath.
At top the head, a vegetal element is depicted however it is not identified, possibly related to a city Toponymy. Also, in the back is a bar and two points, although it is not yet confirmed if it relates to numerals.
This type of carvings is not exclusive of the Maya area, because these have been found in other writing system (Epi-Olmec culture), which corresponds to this region of Veracruz. There are evidences of this cultural group using the point and the bar system, in monuments such as la Mojarra Stela, the Stela C from Tres Zapotes and the Tuxtla statuette, all of them in Veracruz.
The Epi-Olmec groups developed during the Protoclassical period, between 300BCE and roughly 250 CE. Epi-Olmecs were a successor culture to the Olmec, hence the prefix "epi-" or "post-". Although Epi-Olmec did not attain the far-reaching achievements of that earlier culture, it did realize, with its sophisticated calendrics and writing system, a level of cultural complexity unknown to the Olmecs.
Stone carving.
The stone carving is apparently interpreted (read) from right to left, since the signs and other visual elements are to the right. The main sign represents a skull, possibly described as “anthropozoomorphic”. It depicts a de-fleshed jaw and an open eye, which departs from associations with other known mesoamerican deities. The deity is perceived as such by the presence of ear decorations. It also a ‘bracket’ element in the upper head not unlike those of some Maya signs such as T1016 (God C’s head) and sign SNA.
A ‘fire’ volute extends forward from the deity brow or nose. It can be compared with sign T122, although its shape is more symmetric. It could be said at this point that the motif of a ‘fire’ or ‘breath’-exhaling skull is not completely unknown within Maya iconography and writing. Some of its most common occurrences can be found as part of the Dedicatory Formula (PSS) on vessels represented by the sign T1049. However, there is not enough early classical period sculptural examples for a better comparison of the stone relief from Las Choapas.
The apparent ‘sprouting’ or ‘tufting’ vegetal motif a top of the head, perhaps reminiscent of semi-arid plants more common towards the Central Mexican plateau. It bears a certain resemblance with some early mesoamerican depictions of day-signs ‹REED› or ‹FLOWER› (see for example Xochicalco St. 1; Los Horcones St. 2). Almost touching the occipital region behind the head is an element which arguably could correspond to a bar-and-dot coefficient. If this is so, and Judging from the length of both the bar element and the relative spacing between the dot elements, the intended value could have been originally ‹EIGHT›, instead of ‹SEVEN›. Immediately behind this purported numeral, although unaligned with it or any of the other signs, another ‘scroll’ appears, only this time closely resembling the Maya sign T126.
The overall composition strongly gives the impression of being either:
1) A fully iconographic in nature, with no associations to a particular language or perhaps:
2) A particular toponym, anthroponym or theonym rendered through an ‘emblematic’ writing tradition, a trait that, despite being more common amongst central Mexican early-classical to late-postclassical civilizations, it was also readily adopted and/or emulated by some cultures that interacted with the former.
3) Less likely, it could also involve a compound where iconographic motifs were intertwined with glyphic signs (i.e. headdresses containing elements of glyphic proper names in Zapotec or Mayan traditions, etc.).
However, these are premature associations between the purported coefficient of ‹EIGHT› with the vegetal-like motif that might produce misleading calendric dates (i.e. ‹EIGHT-REED›), given that no clear reading order, alignment or indication exists between these two elements to suggest that they were intended to be read together.
Structures.
The Las Choapas archaeological site has around 100 prehispanic structures, however these are superficial mounds and no exploration or excavation work is being performed, as is typical throughout the country.
At the site, many unexplored mounds can be seen, one such superficial mound has the shape of what could be a ballgame court.

</doc>
<doc id="31059469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059469" title="Panas Lyubchenko">
Panas Lyubchenko

Panas Petrovych Lyubchenko (; 14 January 1897 - 29 August 1937) was a Ukrainian and Soviet politician, who served as the Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars of Ukrainian SSR (today's equivalent of prime-minister) from 1934 to 1937.
Panas Lyubechenko was a member of the Ukrainian Central Council.
In 1937, Lyubechenko shot his wife Maria Nikolaevna Krupenyk and then committed suicide after he was accused of treason by colluding with Ukrainian
separatists who wished to detach Ukraine from the Soviet Union. Lyubechenko denied the allegations.
Biography.
Oleksandr Liashko was born in a peasant family in a town of Kagarlik, Kiev region.

</doc>
<doc id="31059473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059473" title="Arista Records, LLC v. Launch Media, Inc">
Arista Records, LLC v. Launch Media, Inc

Arista Records, LLC v. LAUNCH Media, Inc., 578 F.3d 148 (2d Cir. N.Y. 2009), is a legal case brought by Arista Records, LLC, Bad Boy Records, BMG Music, and Zomba Recording LLC (collectively, "BMG") alleging that the webcasting service provided by LAUNCH Media, Inc. ("Launch") willfully infringed BMG’s sound recording copyrights. The lawsuit concerns the scope of the statutory term “interactive service” codified in 17 U.S.C. § 114, as amended by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA"). If the webcasting service is an interactive service, Launch would be required to pay individual licensing fees to BMG’s sound recording copyright holders; otherwise, Launch only need to pay “a statutory licensing fee set by the Copyright Royalty Board.” 
The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the trial court's judgment and ruled in favor of the Launch, finding that the webcasting service provided by Launch does not fall within the scope of the definition of an interactive service as a matter of law.
Background.
Launch operates an internet radio website by providing a webcasting service (LAUNCHcast), “which enables a user to create ‘stations’ that play songs that are within a particular genre or similar to a particular artist or song the user selects.” The parties did not materially dispute how LAUNCHcast worked. LAUNCHcast is now known as Yahoo! Music Radio. BMG holds the copyrights in the sound recordings of some of the songs played on the service for users, and has the exclusive right "to perform the copyrighted recording publicly by means of a digital audio transmission."
Trial court proceedings.
On May 24, 2001, BMG brought suit, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, against Launch alleging that Launch violated provisions of the DMCA, codified in relevant part in 17 U.S.C. § 114, by providing an interactive service and therefore willfully infringing sound recording copyrights of BMG from November 1999 to May 2001. The district court charged the jury with determining whether LAUNCHcast was an interactive service within the meaning of 17 U.S.C. § 114(j)(7). The jury returned a verdict in favor of Launch.
Issue.
Whether a webcasting service that provides users with individualized internet radio stations in this case is an interactive service within the meaning of 17 U.S.C. § 114.
Ruling of the court of appeal.
On March 17, 2009, BMG appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, arguing that LAUNCHcast is an interactive service as a matter of law. On August 21, 2009, the Court of Appeal confirmed the lower court decision, ruling that the webcasting service was not an interactive service as a matter of law.
“Based on a review of how LAUNCHcast functions, it is clear that LAUNCHcast does not provide a specially created program within the meaning of § 114(j)(7) because the webcasting service does not provide sufficient control to users such that playlists are so predictable that users will choose to listen to the webcast in lieu of purchasing music, thereby - in the aggregate - diminishing record sales.”
Discussions of interactive service.
According to the statute, an interactive service "is one that enables a member of the public to receive a transmission of a program specially created for the recipient, or on request, a transmission of a particular sound recording, whether or not as part of a program, which is selected by or on behalf of the recipient." Therefore, the webcasting service LAUNCHcast is interactive under the statute “if a user can either (1) request - and have played - a particular sound recording, or (2) receive a transmission of a program "specially created" for the user.” Since the LAUNCHcast users cannot request a particular song on demand, the first definition of interactive does not cover LAUNCHcast service. The court "emphasized that the line between an interactive and noninteractive service must reflect Congress's concern that an interactive service would allow a user to pick the songs she wanted to hear and thus vitiate any need to purchase those songs."
The primary argument at stake is whether LAUNCHcast enables the user to receive a transmission of a program "specially created" for the user. “In short, to the degree that LAUNCHcast's playlists are uniquely created for each user, that feature does not ensure predictability. Indeed, the unique nature of the playlist helps Launch ensure that it does not provide a service so specially created for the user that the user ceases to purchase music.” Therefore, “court cannot say LAUNCHcast falls within the scope of the DMCA's definition of an interactive service created for individual users.”
Subsequent developments.
Certiorari was denied by the Supreme Court of the United States on January 25, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31059476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059476" title="Jörg Schmall">
Jörg Schmall

Jörg Schmall (born 27 January 1943) is a German sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Tornado class" with Jörg Spengler at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="31059494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059494" title="Capital Radio Malawi">
Capital Radio Malawi

Capital Radio Malawi is a radio station in Malawi that was launched on 29 March 1999 by journalist Alaudin Osman.
The station broadcasts across all three regions of Malawi, and covers the urban centers of Blantyre, Zomba, Lilongwe,Dedza Mangochi and Mzuzu. Programming follows an Adult Contemporary format, including various musical genres, news, information and entertainment.
The bulk of content is news, business, music and entertainment programming.
Its mission is to inform, entertain and uplift the people of Malawi by providing reliable news and quality programmes.
In May 2004, the director of Capital Radio told the Agence France-Presse news agency that four of its reporters had been arrested for broadcasting an "inflammatory interview" with opposition spokesperson Kholiwe Mkandawire.
On 20 September 2005, Capital Radio Malawi challenged the Protected Emblems and Names Act of 1967, which limits media freedom in Malawi.
On 14 September 2005, police arrested opposition leader Gwanda Chakuamba for violating this law at a political rally where he allegedly insulted President Bingu wa Mutharika. Capital Radio had broadcast his speech live.
Al Osman asked his lawyers to lodge an appeal with the High Court asking it to declare the legislation unconstitutional.
On 22 February 2009, Capital Radio broadcast an interview with Bakili Muluzi, who accused the government of using intimidation against his presidential candidacy and warned that such conduct could lead to "problems".
Straight Talk.
Capital Radio's "Straight Talk" is a popular program where movers and shakers in society can air their views.
In April 2010, their program included an interview with Deputy Minister in the Office of President and Cabinet, Nicholas Dausi. Dausi talked at length, but despite close questioning was evasive about his role in the government. 
Speaking in January 2011 on "Straight Talk", George Chaponda, Minister for Justice and Constitutional Affairs, said the Air Fouling legislation in the proposed Local Courts bill banned farting in public places. After the story made headlines in the world press, he was forced to retract this statement. 
In February 2011, Alaudin Osman, who is also the Executive member of the Media Council of Malawi and Chairman of NICO, signed an agreement with the government in which the media committed to refrain from reporting stories that would destroy the image and credibility of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="31059502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059502" title="Kazakhstani presidential election, 1991">
Kazakhstani presidential election, 1991

Presidential elections were held for the first time in Kazakhstan on 1 December 1991. Nursultan Nazarbayev was elected with 98.0% of the vote, based on a turnout of 88.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="31059505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059505" title="Lorenzo Faravelli">
Lorenzo Faravelli

Lorenzo Daniel Faravelli (born 29 March 1993 in Rosario) is an Argentine football central midfielfer currently playing for Chilean Primera División team Union Española.
Club career.
Faravelli Lorenzo Abel made his professional debut for Newell's in March 2011 against Tigre.

</doc>
<doc id="31059515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059515" title="Silberhütte (Harzgerode)">
Silberhütte (Harzgerode)

Silberhütte is a village in the borough of Harzgerode in the district of Harz in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. Its name means "silver works", a place where silver ore is smelted.
Geography.
Silberhütte lies in the Selke valley of the Lower Harz.
History.
The first recorded mention of Silberhütte dates to the year 1692, which is also the year the place was founded. Hitherto there had been a silver works at this site and several stamp mills, where ore won from the surrounding mines was processed. The artificial channel built to supply water to the works (from 1904 known as the "Silberhütter Kunstgraben") is the longest in the Lower Harz Pond and Ditch System at 25.5 km. Ore was processed all year round in four smelting furnaces, two sulphur furnaces and a vitriol works. The smelter produced up to 1.6 t of silver and 870 t of lead annually.
A powder mill was opened in 1790 which supplied hunters as well as the surrounding Lower Harz mines. The mill was destroyed in 1898 by an explosion, but was immediately rebuilt. From 1893 it also took on the production of fireworks - the firm exists today as the "Pyrotechnik Silberhütte" (a subsidiary of Rheinmetall Waffe Munition). The factory carried out trials in 1928 with rocket-powered railway vehicles. In the first test the Eisfeld-Valier Rocket I by Max Valier attained a speed of 253 km/h - then a world record. However the vehicle leapt the rails in the third test and was completely destroyed.
The village church was built in 1932 and is made entirely of spruce wood.
Places of interest.
Besides the forest church with its rectangular bell tower, in which four bronze bells hang, Silberhütte is also home to the "Unterharzer Waldhof", a recreation and exhibition complex about forestry. This is located on the terrain of the old wood mill - which in turn was built on the site of the old silver works. The Waldhof Festival ("Waldhoffest") takes place every year with steam engine haulage. The Silberhütte Waldhof is No. 174 in the Harzer Wandernadel hiking network.
In the area around Silberhütte lies two of the ponds of the Lower Harz Pond and Ditch System - the Teufelsteich and the Fürstenteich.
Transport.
Silberhütte has a railway station on the Selke Valley Railway. From here there are many hiking trails to the old mining ponds nearby. The state road, the "Landesstraße 234", runs through the village.

</doc>
<doc id="31059517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059517" title="Berkshire Concept 70">
Berkshire Concept 70

The Berkshire Concept 70, sometimes called simply the C-70, is an American, single seat, high-wing, 15 metre class competition glider that was designed by Arthur Zimmermann and produced by the Berkshire Manufacturing Corporation of Lake Swannanoa, New Jersey between 1971 and 1974.
Design and development.
The Concept 70 was intended to be a domestic US fiberglass sailplane that would compete with the best European 15 metre aircraft being produced in the late 1960s. The company started out as a fiberglass aircraft repair shop started by Zimmermann and Wolfgang Schaer, but quickly progressed to aircraft design and construction.
The aircraft is made from molded fiberglass, with an internal fuselage steel frame skeleton that connects the monowheel landing gear, wing fittings and provides a protective cockpit cage for improved impact survivability. The prototype has an Eppler airfoil and an all-flying horizontal stabilator. Production aircraft featured a Wortmann airfoil, a more conventional tail, and full-span flaps that deploy to 90° for glidepath control. The flaps permit very steep approaches, allowing the aircraft to be landed in small fields with obstacles. The aircraft also has retractable landing gear and was available with optional water ballast tanks with a capacity.
Production of the Concept 70 ended with 21 produced, when Zimmermann died in 1974. The aircraft was never type certified and all aircraft were registered as experimental aircraft in the "Racing/Exhibition" category.
Operational history.
In March 2011 there were still 14 Concept 70s registered in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="31059540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059540" title="List of TCDD Routes">
List of TCDD Routes

The Turkish State Railways operates an 8,761 km long system throughout Turkey. Currently 90% of the network is served by passenger rail. The types of rail are: Intercity, Regional and Commuter.
Intercity.
The main service of the State Railways are Intercity trains. Also known as Express, Main Line (), these trains connect major Turkish cities throughout the country.

</doc>
<doc id="31059575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059575" title="Demographics of the Southern Cone">
Demographics of the Southern Cone

The Southern Cone (, ) is a geographic region composed of the southernmost areas of South America, mostly south of the Tropic of Capricorn. Although geographically this includes part of Southern and Southeast (São Paulo) of Brazil, in terms of political geography the Southern cone has traditionally comprised Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, and Uruguay. In the narrowest sense, it only covers Argentina, Chile and Uruguay.
The population of Argentina, Chile and Uruguay is 40, 16.8 and 3.6 million respectively. Buenos Aires is the largest metropolitan area at 13.1 million and Santiago, Chile has 6.4 million. When part of Southeastern Brazil is included, São Paulo is the largest city, with 19.8 million; in the Southern Brazil, the largest metropolitan area is Porto Alegre, with more than 4 million. Uruguay's capital and largest city, Montevideo, has 1.8 million, and it receives many visitors on ferry boats across the Río de la Plata from Buenos Aires, away. Asunción, Paraguay's capital city has a population of 2.1 million.
Ethnicity.
As far as ethnicity is concerned, the population of the Southern Cone was largely influenced by immigration from Europe. Whites make up a majority, 80%, of the total population of Argentina, Chile, Uruguay and Southern Brazil. Mestizos make up 15.8% of the population, being a majority in Paraguay. Native Americans make up 3% of the population, and mulattoes (0.2%) and Asians (1.0%), mostly in Southern Brazil and Uruguay, the remaining 1.2%.
Argentina, along with other areas of new settlement like Canada, Australia or the United States is considered a country of immigrants and a melting pot of different peoples, both autochthonous and immigrants.
Most Argentines are descendants of colonial-era settlers and of the 19th and 20th century immigrants from Europe, with 90% of the population being of European descent for generations, the majority of these immigrants came from Italy and Spain, as well as other European countries. An estimated 7% of the population are mestizo. The last national census, based on self-identification, counted about 600,000 Argentines (1.6%) of Amerindian heritage. A further 3-4% of Argentines were of Arabic or East Asian extraction.
Recent censuses in Brazil are conducted on the basis of self-identification. In the 2000 census, 53% of Brazilians (approximately 93 million people in 2000; around 100 million as of 2006) were white and 39% pardo or multiracial Brazilians. White is applied as a term to people of European descent (including European Jews), and Middle Easterners of all faiths. According to IBGE (Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics), "Pardo" is a broad classification that encompasses Brazilians of mixed race ancestry, mulattoes, and assimilated indigenous people ("caboclos"). The geneticist Sérgio Pena criticised foreign scholar Edward Telles for lumping "blacks" and "pardos" in the same category, given the predominant European ancestry of the "pardos" throughout Brazil. According to him, "the autosomal genetic analysis that we have performed in non related individuals from Rio de Janeiro shows that it does not make any sense to put "blacks" and "pardos" in the same category".
In 2009, Chile had an estimated population of 16,970,000. Of which approximately 8.8 millions or 52,7% are white European, with mestizos estimated at 44%. Other studies found a white majority of 64% to 90% of the Chilean population. From Chile's various waves of immigrants Spanish, Italians, Irish, French, Greeks, Germans, English, Scots, Croats, and Palestinian communities. The largest ethnic group in Chile arrived from Spain and the Basque regions in the south of France. Estimates of the number of descendants from Basques in Chile range from 10% (1,600,000) to as high as 27% (4,500,000).
and 600,000 to 800,000 Italians.
In the case of Uruguay, the majority of the population is of Spanish and Italian descent. The indigenous populations are now extinct, yet retains a visible minority with mestizos and blacks making up 12% of the population.
Meanwhile, although the majority of the population of Paraguay is composed of mestizos (mixed European & Amerindian), the European contribution has impacted significantly. It is not uncommon for the admixture in their mestizos to lean more towards the European element, as opposed to a relatively equal amount of both in the rest of Latin America, and in some cases it is the only discernible element. This situation has led to the often contentious question on the proportion of white people. Paraguay has an undetermined number of unmixed White Europeans, as well as a visible Amerindian minority. The number of people of European descent in Paraguay is not greater than 20% and the vast majority of Paraguay is not inhabited by peoples of European descent, known as whites.
Whiten ideology.
Since interethnic marriages are widespread in Latin America, complex ethnic classifications emerged, including 16 racial categories created in 18th century Hispanic America, including terms like "castizo", "morisco", "cambujo" and "ahí te estás". In Brazil, about 190 "racial" categories were detected by the Census of 1976.
The "whiten ideology" has deep roots in Latin America and on its racial classification. Blacks made up 25% of the population of Buenos Aires in 1810, 1822 and 1838. In 1887, the government decided to cease asking Argentine citizens about their race. According to Laura López, it was a way to "hide" the Black population, not only from the Census, but also from the public opinion. Nowadays, 87% of Argentines self-report to be "White". Chile does not ask its citizens about race, but some studies concluded that Whites make up the majority would exceed 52,7% to 64% of the Chilean population. Other study conducted by the University of Chile found that within the Chilean population 30% are white, the mestizos predominantly white ancestry is estimated at 65% while the CIA World Factbook describes 95.4% of the population as white and mestizo.
Different ethnic groups contributed for the composition of the population of the Southern Cone. The original population, the Amerindians, was in large part exterminated. As in the rest of Latin America, in the first centuries of colonization the region was settled by Spanish and Portuguese colonizers and most of them were men. Soon after their arrival, an intensive mixture between those European men and the local Amerindian women began, producing a new population named Mestizo in Hispanophone countries and Caboclo or Mameluco in Brazil. Amerindian ancestry is widespread in the region, mostly through the maternal line, while European ancestry is mostly found on the paternal line. African ancestry is mostly found in Brazil.
A genetic study concluded that the dominant female ancestry found in Argentina is of Amerindian origin (60% of Amerindian lineages found among Northern and Southern Argentines, and 50% among Central Argentines). A different study concluded that 56% of the European descent population in Buenos Aires have some degree of DNA indicating Amerindian ancestry, while 42% have European DNA in both parental lineages. Another study found that 2 million Argentines have a small variation of African ancestry and that 10% of the population of Buenos Aires have some degree in African DNA. In a sample from Montevideo, capital of Uruguay, Amerindian DNA was found in 20.4% of the population. The Chilean population low genetic studies "the use of mitochondrial DNA and Y chromosome test results show the following: The European component is predominant in the Chilean upper class, the middle classes, 72.3%-76.8% European component and 27.7%-23.2 of mixed aboriginal and lower classes at 62.9%-65% European component and 37.1%-35% mix of Aboriginal.
A autosomal DNA study from 2011, with nearly 1000 samples from all over Brazil ("whites", "pardos" and "blacks"), found out a major European contribution, followed by a high African contribution and an important Native American component. "In all regions studied, the European ancestry was predominant, with proportions ranging from 60.6% in the Northeast to 77.7% in the South". The 2011 autosomal study samples came from blood donors (the lowest classes constitute the great majority of blood donors in Brazil), and also public health institutions personnel and health students. The study showed that Brazilians from different regions are more homogenous than previously thought by some based on the census alone. "Brazilian homogeneity is, therefore, a lot greater between Brazilian regions than within Brazilians region". 
Similar to the rest of Latin America, the genetic ancestry of the population of the Southern Cone reflects the History of the continent: the Iberian colonizers were mostly men who arrived without women. In consequence, they had children with the local Indian women or with African female slaves. The intense European immigration to this part of the World in the late 19th and early 20th centuries (particularly to Argentina, Uruguay, Chile and Southern Brazil)

</doc>
<doc id="31059576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059576" title="Martín Tonso">
Martín Tonso

Martín Tonso (born October 19, 1989) is an Argentine football currently playing as attacking midfielder for Argentine Primera División team Newell's Old Boys.
Club career.
Tonso made his professional debut for Newell's in February 2011 against Lanus.

</doc>
<doc id="31059580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059580" title="Muhammad al-Shurafi">
Muhammad al-Shurafi

Muhammad al-Shurafi (born 1940) is a Yemeni poet and playwright. He was born in Hajja Governorate and studied at Cairo University. Subsequently he joined the Yemeni foreign service. al-Shurafi has published more than twenty books, including poetry collections ("Women's Tears", "To Her I Sing"), plays and verse plays ("In the Land of Two Edens", "Seasons of Migration and Madness"). His poetry is notable for its engagement with social issues, particularly that of women's rights.
al-Shurafi's poetry has been translated into English and was represented in a 1988 anthology on modern Arabian literature (edited by Salma Khadra Jayyusi).

</doc>
<doc id="31059590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059590" title="So Many Dreams">
So Many Dreams

So Many Dreams () is a 1986 East German drama film directed by Heiner Carow. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31059603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059603" title="Chess of the Grandmasters">
Chess of the Grandmasters

Chess of the Grandmasters (original title: Schach der Großmeister) is a former German TV programme. The programme was devised, supervised and presented by Claus Spahn.
History.
Between 1983 and 2005, the programme was broadcast once a year by Germany's Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR) broadcasting corporation. The concept of the programme was that two Grandmasters played a game of chess against each other that was commentated and analysed by two Grandmasters, Helmut Pfleger and Vlastimil Hort, and later also analysed by the chess program Fritz. The winner received the "WDR TV Chess Award" and had the opportunity to defend the title against a new challenger in the following year.
The invited players included Garry Kasparov, Vladimir Kramnik, Viswanathan Anand, Peter Leko, Jan Timman and lot more. The first game was played in 1983 by Chess Worldchampion Anatoly Karpov and the strongest German player at that time, Robert Hübner. In the final broadcast in 2005, the two commentators Pfleger and Hort themselves played against each other.
In 1995, Kasparov won a two-game match (1½-½) against the Chess Genius 3 computer program. This contest attracted great attention in the media, because Kasparov had shortly before lost against this program in a Fast chess tournament in London.
Examples of games.
The most remarkable games in the series included the victory of Judit Polgár, aged just 14 at the time, against the experienced German Grandmaster Rainer Knaak in 1990, as well as the defeat of Hübner against Kasparov in just 15 moves in 1992.
Judit Polgár – Rainer Knaak, Chess of the Grandmasters 1990
1.e4 e6 2.d4 d5 3.Nc3 Bb4 4.e5 c5 5.a3 Bxc3+ 6.bxc3 Ne7 (the Winawer Variation of the French Defence, ECO code C18) 7.Qg4 Qc7 8.Bd3 cxd4 9.Ne2 Qxe5 10.Bf4 Qf6 11.Bg5 Qe5 12.cxd4 h5 13.Qh4 Qc7 14.Bf4 Qa5+ 15.Bd2 Qd8 16.g4 e5 17.dxe5 Bxg4 18.Rg1 Qd7 19.f3 Be6 20.Nd4 Nbc6 21.Nxc6 Nxc6 22.Rxg7 Qc7 23.f4 Nxe5 24.fxe5 Qxe5+ 25.Kf2 Qxg7 26.Rg1 Qb2 27.Bb4 f6 28.Re1 O-O-O 29.Rxe6 Kb8 30.Qxf6 Qa2 31.Qd4 Rc8 32.Bd2 Ka8 33.Be3 Rxc2+ 34.Bxc2 Qxc2+ 35.Ke1 Qb1+ 36.Kd2 Qa2+ 37.Kd1 Qb1+ 38.Ke2 Qc2+ 39.Bd2 Rf8 40.Qxd5 1-0
Games and results.
The tables below list games than can be played (Java Script).
TV Chess Award:
Other broadcasts:

</doc>
<doc id="31059608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059608" title="To Die For (novel)">
To Die For (novel)

"To Die For" is an American novel by Linda Howard. It was published in 2004 by Random House Publishing. It made the New York York Times Best Seller list. It is the first book in the Blair Mallory Series, followed by "Drop Dead Gorgeous".
Plot summary.
Blair Mallory is the owner of a fitness center named Great Bods. She got the money to open the fitness club from the divorce of her first husband Jason Carson. Blair caught Jason kissing her underage sister Jenni at a family get-together. Blair knew he wanted to run for congressman so, for the ultimate revenge, she snapped a picture of the two kissing. Jason, knowing the picture would ruin him, paid her a bundle in the divorce.
She begins to notice that one of her members, Nicole, has been copying everything she has done. She begins to wear her hair like Blair, dressing like Blair, and even buys the same style car as Blair. Blair isn't the only one who has a problem with Nicole: Almost all the women in the gym do not like Nicole, as she hogs the machines, is mean to other members, and openly flirts with the married men in the gym. After many complaints, Blair sits her down and tells her that her membership will not be renewed for another year. Nicole becomes furious and threatens to sue Blair. Blair is always the last one to leave the gym so as she is about to walk out the door to her car she notices Nicole waiting for her in the parking lot. Blair becomes scared and makes a run for the car with her phone ready to dial 911. She hears a gunshot and instinctively hits the ground, dropping her cellphone underneath the car so that Blair is unable to call for help. She tries to stay quiet so that Nicole won't realizes she didn't hit Blair but, after a while, she thinks maybe Nicole left and makes a run for the door to the gym. She makes into the gym safely where she goes to her office and dials 911. The police arrive and Blair tells the officers the story. They inform her that Nicole didn't kill her because Nicole was murdered. 
She then hears the voice of her ex-boyfriend, Wyatt Bloodsworth. He is a police lieutenant and came after hearing the case over the radio. Blair is immediately brought back to the memories of the three dates they went on two years ago. He begins to question Blair and lets her know she is no longer a suspect. Wyatt takes her home and, due to the stress, she decides she wants to go to the beach. She rents a condo and spends the day relaxing on the beach, eventually falling asleep. She wakes up to someone carrying her. Blair begins to freak out until she realizes that it is Wyatt. He carries her back to her condo. She is very frustrated when he tells her that he found her by looking at her credit card transactions. He then kisses her and all her feelings for him come rushing back. She agrees that they can start over and try their relationship again. 
The next day they head home and Wyatt takes her back to her car, still at the gym. As she is about to get in her car, she feels a piercing pain in her arm; she falls to the ground and sees another car driving away. She realizes she has been shot. Wyatt calls the station, reports the crime, and calls an ambulance. Blair is taken to the hospital where they tell her she is going to be okay: It was just a flesh wound. That night Blair goes to Wyatt's. They figure out that a man named Dwyane Bailey is the killer behind Nicole's murder. They bring him into the station for questioning. He admits to killing Nicole but not the attacks on Blair. The next day she is driving, approaching a traffic light, and when she tries to hit the brakes the pedal goes to the floor. Her brakes was cut, and she is going full-speed into the intersection. She goes to the hospital where they tell her she's going to be okay, just sore. 
Blair and Wyatt go back to his house where he gets a call that Dwayne's alibi checks out for the times of Blair's attacks. They rethink who could be the killer. The next day, she comes down stairs feeling better and Wyatt tosses her a small velvet box. He gets on one knee and asks him to marry her. She says yes. They begin to get ready because she is going to the precinct with Wyatt. She arrives and sits in his office for the day making a list of potential suspects. He comes rushing in saying that all the detectives have been called to a location but can't give any details. She is alone in Wyatt's office when she sees a familiar face: Jason's. He pulls out a gun and tells her to be quiet. Blair isn't that scared because she doesn't think he will able to go through with it. Jason tells her his new wife, Debra, was the one who shot at her in the parking lot. She came home and told him; he got worried that she would get caught and ruin his chance at being a congressmen. So he decided to kill her himself by cutting her brake line. Since that didn't work, he called in a fake report of the a crime being committed to get the police out of the station so he could kill Blair. Just then Debra walks in because she followed Jason here. She is convinced that they are having an affair until Blair tells her that Jason came here to kill her. Surprisingly, this shows Debra that Jason really loves her and becomes happy. Blair decides that this is the perfect time to get the gun from Jason, and she kicks it out of his hands. Just as Blair is doing so, the S.W.A.T team arrives, arresting Jason and Debra. Blair and Wyatt are really together for the first time.
Critical reception.
Publishers Weekly says that Linda Howard "brings her usual high level of intelligence and flair to her latest tale of romantic suspense." However they did note that the plot by the middle begins "to stall" because the suspense dies for a few chapters and reading Blair and Wyatt's bickering gets old. One Amazon customer wrote in a review that "this novel has plenty of romance, but is overflowing with suspense that will keep you on the edge of your seat." One user on the website "The Best Reviews" wrote that although she liked the book she found the "first person writing to be redundant." However she does like the book and calls Howard's writing "classy."

</doc>
<doc id="31059610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059610" title="David Douglas Crosby">
David Douglas Crosby

David Douglas Crosby O.M.I. (born 28 June 1949) is a Canadian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the ninth and current Bishop of Hamilton, having previously served as Bishop of St. George’s Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador (2003-2007) and Bishop of Corner Brook and Labrador (2007-2010).
Early life and education.
Crosby was born in Marathon, Ontario the oldest of seven children of Natalie and David Crosby. He graduated from St. Patrick's College at Carleton University in Ottawa in 1972 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy and French. In 1975 he earned his Bachelor of Theology at St. Paul University and his Masters of Pastoral Studies (Counselling) in 1976. 
Priesthood.
Ordained in 1975, Crosby's first role was as assistant pastor of the Co-Cathedral of Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Labrador City where he served until 1981. He served as vocation director, coordinator of provincial services, Pastor of St. Joseph’s Parish, and eventually Provincial Superior of St. Peter’s Province of the Oblates of Mary Immaculate. While holding this position he was elected President of the Oblate Conference of Canada. Also during this time, Crosby held various position within the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops. 
Episcopal ministry.
In 1997, Crosby was appointed Bishop of Labrador City-Schefferville and, in 2003, was appointed as the Bishop of St. George’s Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador. In 2007, the Roman Catholic Diocese of St. George’s Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador became the Roman Catholic Diocese of Corner Brook and Labrador with Crosby as Bishop.
Currently, Crosby is the co-treasurer of the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops. 
On September 24, 2010, Crosby was appointed as the successor to Anthony F. Tonnos as the Bishop of Hamilton. Bishop Crosby took possession of the Diocese during a ceremony at the Cathedral of Christ the King in Hamilton on November 8, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31059624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059624" title="Ball Hockey World Championship">
Ball Hockey World Championship

The Ball Hockey World Championship is a biannual ball (street) hockey competition for women's and men's national teams. It was first organized by the International Street and Ball Hockey Federation in 1996. The first women's world championships were played in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31059625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059625" title="1969 Stockholm Open – Singles">
1969 Stockholm Open – Singles

The 1969 Stockholm Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts in Stockholm, Sweden. The tournament was held from November 1 through November 7, 1969. Nikola Pilić defeated Ilie Năstase in the final, 6–4, 4–6, 6–2.

</doc>
<doc id="31059645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059645" title="Ramón Eduardo Ruiz">
Ramón Eduardo Ruiz

Ramón Eduardo Ruiz (September 9, 1921 – July 6, 2010) was an American historian of Mexico and Latin America. He was the author of fifteen books on Mexican and Latin American history and in 1998 he was awarded the US National Humanities Medal.
Ruiz was born in San Diego, California as the son of a former member of the Mexican Navy who left that country during the Mexican revolution. He served as a Pacific B-29 pilot in the Army Air Forces during World War II. He earned his bachelor's degree from San Diego State University in 1947, his master's from Claremont Graduate University in 1948, and his doctorate from the University of California at Berkeley in 1954. Ruiz taught at the University of Oregon, Smith College, and the University of California at San Diego. 

</doc>
<doc id="31059647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059647" title="Joseph C. Fratto, Jr">
Joseph C. Fratto, Jr

Joseph C. Fratto, Jr. currently presides as a Utah Third Judicial District court judge for Salt Lake County. He was appointed to the bench in 1997 by Utah Governor Michael O. Leavitt.
Early life and education.
Fratto was born on September 28, 1949 in Salt Lake City, Utah. After graduating from South High School, Fratto attended the University of Utah where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree. Fratto received his law degree, Juris Doctor, from the University of Utah College of Law in 1975. In addition to his legal practice Fratto has taught in the paralegal programs at both Westminster College and Salt Lake Community College.
Career.
Following his graduation from law school, Fratto joined the Salt Lake Legal Defenders Association where he was a staff attorney until 1979. He thereafter worked as a private practitioner with his father in the firm of Fratto and Fratto, handling both civil and criminal cases.
Fratto was appointed to the bench in 1997 by then Governor Michael O. Leavitt. Fratto was certified by the Utah Judicial Council to stand for reelection, having successfully passed his judicial performance evaluations by attorneys, jurors and courtroom staff. He was successfully retained in office by the voters in 2009.
Notable cases.
Fratto has presided over several high-profile cases. One of the cases which received extensive media coverage involved a 12-year-old Utah boy, Parker Jensen, who was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer. His parents, who did not believe he had cancer, refused to provide him with the medically recommended chemotherapy treatment, leading to a medical neglect complaint being filed against the parents by the State and a state effort to force the treatment. The parents filed lawsuits in both Utah state and federal courts, arguing that their federal and state constitutional rights as parents were being violated by the State of Utah. A Utah federal court Judge dismissed the federal lawsuit in 2008 holding that the state's actions did not violate the U.S. Constitution. In 2009, Judge Fratto dismissed the state lawsuit, holding that the Utah Constitutional similarly does not provide any different rights than under federal law. Both dismissals were appealed. In May 2010, the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the dismissal of the federal lawsuit. In May 2010, the Utah Supreme Court heard arguments on the state appeal, but has yet to issue its opinion.
Personal life.
Fratto is the father to three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31059649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059649" title="David McFaull">
David McFaull

David McFaull (November 10, 1948 - July 25, 1997) was an American sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Tornado class" with Michael Rothwell at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="31059656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059656" title="The Prowler 2">
The Prowler 2

The Prowler 2 is an all-purpose conditioning sled developed by Performance Strength Designs, Inc.
History.
The Prowler was developed by Performance Strength Designs, Inc. in conjunction with Joey Batson, head strength coach at Clemson University. It was originally developed to condition linemen, who need to stay low to the ground; its unique triangular design forces users to keep their hips lower while pushing so as not to drive the single front ski into the ground. 
The first Prowler was sold in April 2005. Since then it has been widely used in a number of conditioning programs, including high schools, colleges, Major League Baseball teams, and NFL teams. The Prowler 2 was also used by popular trainer Jillian Michaels on seasons 9, 10, and 11 of NBC’s television hit "The Biggest Loser".
The Prowler 2 has been reviewed and praised in a number of national magazines, including "Men’s Health" and "Muscle & Fitness" for its unique and effective conditioning experience.
Uses.
The Prowler 2 is unique in conditioning sleds because it can be pushed, pulled, or dragged, offering several workout possibilities. Weight plates can be added to provide additional resistance. It is used for interval training, speed training, Strongman training, cardiovascular workouts, and total body conditioning.
External links.
The Prowler 2 on "The Biggest Loser" http://asp.elitefts.com/qa/training-logs.asp?qid=103994&tid
"Men’s Health" magazine http://www.menshealth.com/fitness/sled-training
"Muscle & Fitness" magazine, March 2011
The Prowler 2 http://fatbars.com/featured/the-prowler/
DeFranco Prowler Training http://www.t-nation.com/free_online_article/most_recent/defranco_prowler_training
"The Prowler" by Dave Tate http://www.elitefts.com/documents/prowler.htm

</doc>
<doc id="31059657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059657" title="Heiner Carow">
Heiner Carow

Heiner Carow (19 September 1929 – 1 February 1997) was a German film director and screenwriter. His 1986 film "So Many Dreams" was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival. The following year, he was a member of the jury at the 38th Berlin International Film Festival. In 1990, his film "Coming Out" won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31059661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059661" title="Andrew H. Stone">
Andrew H. Stone

Andrew H. Stone is a judge in the Third Judicial District Court of the State of Utah. He was appointed in October 2010 by Governor Gary Herbert.
Early life and education.
Stone was born in Pennsylvania and lived in California until the age of fourteen before moving to Utah. Stone graduated Magna Cum Laude from the University of Utah in 1982 with a Bachelor of Science in Biology, with an emphasis on Botany and Mathematics. He was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa upon graduation.
Legal career.
In 1986, Stone received his Juris Doctor from the University of Utah where he graduated Order of the Coif. . He began his legal career as a clerk for federal judge Bruce S. Jenkins of the United States District Court of Utah. He subsequently worked for the United States Department of Justice in Washington D.C. with the Attorney General's Honor program. He worked for the DOJ as a trial attorney in the commercial litigation branch from 1987 to 1989. 
In 1990, Stone returned to Utah to enter private practice with the Salt Lake City firm Jones, Waldo, Holbrook, and McDonough where he specialized in anti-trust and business litigation. In 1998, Stone assisted in the briefing of the Rubin V. Snake River Potato Growers case which was a companion case that challenged the Line Item Veto Act of 1996. The act was determined by the Supreme Court of the United States to be unconstitutional on June 25, 1998. 
He assisted in several significant cases involving ERISA and continued his work in anti-trust litigation. Stone also represented the United Potato Growers of America, among others, in a multi-district class action lawsuit involving anti-trust matters. 
While with Jones Waldo, Stone served on the law firm's Board of Directors as well as the Executive committee prior to his appointment to the bench.
Judicial career.
Stone began his judicial career in January 2011 as a judge in the Third Judicial District Court of the State of Utah, which serves Salt Lake, Tooele, and Summit counties.
Awards.
Stone was named to Best Lawyers in America for several years for his work with anti-trust law. He also received the honor of Legal Elite by Utah Business magazine for his work in business litigation.
Personal Background.
Stone is an avid bicyclist, skier, and hiker.

</doc>
<doc id="31059683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059683" title="VRA Amsterdam">
VRA Amsterdam

VRA Amsterdam (Volharding RAP Amstels) is a Cricket club in Amstelveen in the Netherlands,it was founded on September 5, 1914 from the merger of Volharding (1889), RAP (1887) and Amstel (1885). In the early years the club played visiting English teams at locations like the Vondelpark, Museumplein and the Olympic Stadium. In 1939 VRA moved to the Amsterdamse Bos, where it is located right next to the international Wagenar Hockey Stadium.
VRA has one of the few grounds on the European mainland with a grass wicket and has become a hub of international cricket. VRA hosted the Videocon Cup 2004, a three-Nation tournament between Australia, India and Pakistan, which attracted tens of thousands of supporters and the 1999 Cricket World Cup match between South Africa & Kenya. In July 2006 the Netherlands played their first ODI at the VRA ground against Sri Lanka and Sanath Jayasuriya (157) and Dilshan (117) laid the foundation for a score of 443 runs, a record score for an ODI.
Currently, four men's teams play on Sunday and seven teams on Saturday, including the Women's Team and seven youth teams.
Honours.
Men.
Amstel: 1891, 1896, 1905, 1909 
Volharding: 1904, 1908 
VRA: 1924, 1937, 1981, 1998, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2010, 2011
Women.
2000, 2004, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="31059688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059688" title="Cristian Lema">
Cristian Lema

Cristian Franco Lema (born 12 September 1990) is an Argentine football central defender who plays for Quilmes Atlético Club.
Club career.
After three years in the lower divisions with his hometown club Guillermo Brown de Puerto Madryn, Lema made his Argentine Primera División debut for Newell's in December 2010, against Godoy Cruz.
In 2011, he joined Tigre.

</doc>
<doc id="31059716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059716" title="Michael Rothwell (sailor)">
Michael Rothwell (sailor)

Michael Rothwell (born June 30, 1953) is an American sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Tornado class" with David McFaull at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="31059722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059722" title="Swim Miami">
Swim Miami

Swim Miami is an open-water swimming event held annually in south Florida. This year’s event will take place on April 19, 2014, on Watson Island. Today the event is owned and operated by the H2O’s Foundation, a foundation dedicated to eradicating drowning in south Florida. The swim also helps to develop open-water swimming as an Olympic-style sport in Florida.
History.
The original Swim Miami began in 1989 by Jimmy Woodman, founder of Active.com, in conjunction with Florida Sports Magazine and continued successfully through 1998. In 2005, Miami Sports International, a subsidiary of Swim Gym Aquatics, led by four-year University of Florida swimming captain Jonathan Strauss, then restored the event and adapted it to the future of open water swimming.
The original idea and concepts for Swim Miami came about due to a demand to bring open-water swimming to the forefront of aquatic sports with intentions of developing it into an Olympic sport. It was also created as a way for swimmers to give back to the sport that was able to give them a life of health and fitness.
Swim Miami’s growth and popularity can largely be accredited to its focus on Olympic-style swimming and its elite swim field. Past Olympians and professionals to swim in the event have included Gary Hall, Jr., Milorad Čavić, George Bovell, Ricardo Monasterio, Anthony Ervin, Ed Moses, Nathan Adrian, Robert Strauss, and Tiffany Cohen.
Current day.
Swim Miami takes place in April annually. Originally staged at the Miami Rowing Club in Key Biscayne, FL, the event moved to the Miami Yacht Club on Watson Island (Miami) in 2011. Swim Miami currently consists of four swims: a ten-kilometer swim, a five-kilometer swim, the Miami Mile, and an eight-hundred meter swim.
Once restored, Swim Miami was first sponsored by the brand Speedo from 2005-06. Sponsorship has since switched to the Nike Swim brand, licensed and owned by Perry Ellis International.
Due to strong popular branding of both the swim and its location, the event is well patronized by the general public, attracting upwards of 2,000 combined participants and spectators in the four race categories.

</doc>
<doc id="31059732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059732" title="Mykhailo Bondarenko">
Mykhailo Bondarenko

Mykhailo Ilyich Bondarenko (; 8 September 1903 - 10 February 1938) was a Ukrainian and Soviet politician, who served as the Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars of Ukrainian SSR (today's equivalent of prime-minister) from August to October 1937.
On 13 October 1937 Bondarenko was arrested during an official trip in Moscow and charged with the belonging to anti-Soviet Trotskyist terrorist and sabotage organization, which acted in the oil industry of the USSR. On 8 February 1938 the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court sentenced him to be shot, and on 10 February he was executed. Bondarenko was rehabilitated by the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the USSR on 14 April 1956.
Biography.
Mykhailo Bondarenko was born in a peasant family in a town of Elizavetgrad (Kirovohrad), central Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="31059738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059738" title="Brooks Reed">
Brooks Reed

Brooks Reed (born February 28, 1987) is an American football linebacker for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Arizona. Reed was rated as one of the top outside linebacker prospects for the 2011 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Reed was born in Tucson, Arizona. He attended Sabino High School in Tucson, where he was a running back and defensive lineman for the Sabino Sabercats high school football. As a senior in 2006, he was recognized as a first-team all-state selection and a SuperPrep high school All-American at running back, and received first-team all-state honors as a defensive lineman from the "Tucson Citizen".
College career.
During his college career at the University of Arizona, Reed was credited with 87 tackles and 15 sacks. In 2010, Reed was named to the Pac-10 All-Conference squad as a member of the first team.
In 2011, Brooks was awarded the "Tom Hansen" medal, given to the best athlete and student in the, then, Pac 10. 
http://pac-12.com/content/tom-hansen-medal-winners
Professional career.
The Houston Texans selected Reed in the second round (42nd overall pick) in the 2011 NFL Draft. The Texans named him to the starting line-up in the sixth week of his first season, following an injury to starting linebacker Mario Williams. In his first start, Reed recorded six tackles. In his second game as a starter, Brooks recorded his first NFL quarterback sack against the Tennessee Titans on October 23, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31059743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059743" title="Ian McLoughlin">
Ian McLoughlin

Ian Michael Mcloughlin (born 9 August 1991) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Milton Keynes Dons.
Career.
Ipswich Town.
After impressing coaches on a trial at the start of 2009, Mcloughlin signed a one-year contract in the February 2009. Having been in the reserve team for the year, Mcloughlin signed a one-year extension in the summer of 2010.
Lowestoft Town (loan).
Mcloughlin signed a 28 day loan deal for Lowestoft Town at the end of October 2010, due to an injury to their first team choice goalkeeper. Mcloughlin made his debut for Lowestoft Town against Chippenham Town in an FA Trophy tie. In that game he failed to keep a clean sheet, the game ending in a 1–1 tie. The replay was on 2 November where Lowestoft Town won 3–1 to go into the next round.
Stockport County (loan).
Ian Mcloughlin signed for League Two side Stockport County on a month's loan on 25 February 2011, after Stockport County's second choice goalkeeper broke his finger. He made his league debut on 1 March 2011, but was unable to keep a clean sheet as Stockport lost 2–1 to Cheltenham. However, McLoughlin did enough in that game to be handed his second league appearance the following weekend against Oxford United. He was still unable to prevent the opposition from scoring, but another solid performance helped Stockport to a 2–1 victory – only their second of 2011.
On 12 March 2011, McLoughlin kept the first professional clean sheet of his career, as he helped his bottom-of-the-league side to a creditable 0–0 draw at home to Burton Albion. A second shut-out looked to be on the cards a week later, as the young goalkeeper put in a fine display against Aldershot. However, a 94th minute goal by Damian Spencer sent Stockport to yet another defeat.
County's poor league position was no reflection on the form of McLoughlin, though. He was putting in a consistent run of good performances, and in so-doing was keeping the experienced former Hull City and England 'C' keeper, Matt Glennon out of the side. On 24 March 2011, with McLoughlin's short-term loan deal due to expire, Ipswich manager Paul Jewell allowed the keeper to stay with the Hatters until the end of the season, by extending his loan deal.
During McLoughlin's time with Stockport, he discovered that he would be released at the end of the season by his parent club, Ipswich, along with academy scholars Rory McKeown and Josh Meekings. Town manager, Paul Jewell said:
Milton Keynes Dons.
In July 2011, McLoughlin and Jay O'Shea signed with MK Dons. He made his Dons debut coming off the bench in a second round FA Cup tie against Barnet FC at Underhill, replacing injured Dons number one David Martin, the Dons won 3-1. His second and final appearance of the season came against Scunthorpe United at Glanford Park in a 3-0 win, coming on as a precautionary substitute again replacing Martin with only seconds left of the match. In the 2012/13 campaign, McLoughlin has played 90 minutes in a 2-0 defeat to Sunderland in the League Cup.
He signed for Walsall F.C. on loan on 13 January 2013.
Newport County (loan).
On 11 March 2014, McLoughlin joined League Two side Newport County on a emergency loan until 9 April 2014. On 10 April 2014, McLoughlin extended his loan with the "Exiles", until the end of the 2013–14 season.
International career.
Mcloughlin has been capped by Republic of Ireland under-19s. He made his debut for the national Under-21 team in February 2011 and followed this up with a second cap in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31059757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059757" title="Gojko Pijetlović">
Gojko Pijetlović

Gojko Pijetlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Гојко Пијетловић; born August 7, 1983.) is a goalkeeper of the Serbia men's national water polo team. He plays for Ferencvárosi TC.
Honours.
Club.
VK Partizan
Cattaro

</doc>
<doc id="31059783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059783" title="St Peter's Church, Marchington">
St Peter's Church, Marchington

St Peter's Church is a Church of England church in Marchington, Staffordshire. It is the only church in the parish of St. Peter Marchington.
History.
The church was built in 1742 and was designed by Mark Parsons. A war memorial was added after the First world war.
Today.
St Peter's Church lies in the Deanery of Uttoxeter and the archdeaconry of Stoke-on-Trent. The Church is part of the Uttoxeter Area of parishes along with Bramshall, Checkley, Gratwich, Kingstone, Leigh, Marchington Woodlands, Stramshall, The Heath and Uttoxeter.

</doc>
<doc id="31059787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059787" title="Acquity Group">
Acquity Group

Acquity Group, LLC is a brand eCommerce and digital marketing company with U.S. headquarters in Chicago and offices across North America.
Acquity Group has domestic offices in New York City, Dallas, Seattle, San Francisco, Irvine, Scottsdale, Overland Park, Boise and Atlanta. Its international offices are located in Toronto, Ontario and Ottawa, Ontario. Acquity Group's work with more than 600 global brands covers eCommerce, mobile, and social media.
History.
Acquity Group was founded in 2001 by Chris Dalton, Paul Weinewuth and Matt Schmeltz. Dalton, who was named the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year in 2009, serves as chief executive officer. Acquity Group filed for an IPO in 2012 and was listed on. the New York Stock Exchange. In May 2013, Acquity Group was acquired by Accenture for $316 million. Acquity Group is now a part of Accenture Interactive, part of Accenture Digital.
Acquity Group helps its clients use the Internet to increase sales and improve user-experience through an approach it pioneered, known as Brand eCommerce, which incorporates user-experience, creative design, back-end technical implementation and architecture [http://www.retailonlineintegration.com/article/destination-china-leveraging-brand-ecommerce-middle-kingdom/1].
Acquity Group’s clients represent a broad base of B2B and B2C companies in a variety of industries. Past and present clients include Adobe, American Airlines, AT&T, Garmin, General Motors, McDonald’s, Motorola, and Saks Fifth Avenue [http://www.acquitygroup.com/work/#!/solutions/b8b5106f-72ad-4522-8a51-775ead9f2dc3?p=0].
Notable clients and projects.
Adobe.
Acquity Group partnered with Adobe to provide a plan to rebuild the company's digital capability from top to bottom and help it devise a new approach for helping companies generate new business. 
Mine Safety Appliances (MSA).
Acquity Group worked with MSA to consolidate and centralize its global web properties and provide a better user experience. The restructured web properties allow MSA to manage online content in a central location and distribute information on a global scale, encompassing 39 countries and 20 languages.
Penske.
Penske Truck Rental engaged Acquity Group to complete the design and front-end development of its new mobile site.
Saks Fifth Avenue.
This multi-year, multi-project partnership helped Saks Direct - Saks Fifth Avenue's online division - achieve improvements in site stability, online functionality and eCommerce performance. This project received a Gold Stevie Award, the highest honor award, in the Retail category. 
Mobile Audit.
Acquity Group's Mobile Commerce Audit, an analysis of the Internet Retailer 500 that identifies commerce companies with an active mobile presence, is published annually. The results of the 2009 Mobile Commerce Audit showed that only 4% of the United States' top 500 online retailers had websites compatible with mobile browsers. The 2010 Mobile Audit revealed that 12% of the top web merchants had m-commerce sites; in 2011, that number increased to 37%.
In 2011 Acquity Group issued its first European Mobile Audit, which revealed that nearly a quarter of Europe's top online retailers had some sort of mobile app and just under 20 percent had a website optimized for mobile devices.
Brand eCommerce Audit.
Acquity Group’s Brand eCommerce Audit is compiled annually and ranks commerce companies across six channels: big browser, mobile/tablet, social, in-store, search and email. Its inaugural report, released November 2012, analyzed Interbrand’s ”Best Retail Brands of 2012” and examined customer expectations across six channels.
In 2012, Acquity Group Brand eCommerce Audit’s research revealed that 82 percent of retailers have a mobile optimized site, 72 percent have a mobile or tablet app, and 66 percent have both.
Overview.
2001: 
2002:
2004:
2005:
2006:
2007:
2008:
2009:
2010:
2011:
2012:
2013:

</doc>
<doc id="31059800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059800" title="Kleberg County Airport">
Kleberg County Airport

Kleberg County Airport is a county-owned, public-use airport located nine nautical miles (10 miles; 17 km) west of the central business district of Kingsville, a city in Kleberg County, Texas, United States. This airport is included in the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this facility is assigned IKG by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft.
Kleberg County Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 130 feet (40 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 13/31 with an asphalt surface measuring 6,000 by 75 feet (1,829 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending March 20, 2011, the airport had 7,400 aircraft operations, an average of 20 per day: 81% general aviation, 18% military, and 1% air taxi. At that time there were 11 aircraft based at this airport: 73% single-engine, 9% jet and 18% helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="31059802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059802" title="Rui Vitória">
Rui Vitória

Rui Carlos Pinho da Vitória (born 16 April 1970 in Alverca do Ribatejo) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current manager of Vitória de Guimarães.
Playing career.
During his career, in which he represented five teams, Vitória never played in higher than the third division (five seasons), also spending ten years in the fourth. He mainly represented União Desportiva Vilafranquense, in the Lisbon area.
Vitória retired from football in 2003, aged 32.
Coaching career.
Early years / Fátima.
After starting as a manager with his main team Vilafranquense, Vitória moved in 2004 to S.L. Benfica, spending two seasons with its junior side.
In 2006 he signed for C.D. Fátima, helping the club promote to the second level in his first season, followed by immediate relegation back. In 2008–09, again as champion, Vitória again led the club to division two.
Paços de Ferreira.
On 2 June 2010, Vitória replaced Ulisses Morais at the helm of F.C. Paços de Ferreira. In his first season in the top division, he led the team to the seventh position in the league, also achieving runner-up honours in the domestic League Cup.
Vitória de Guimarães.
In late August 2011, Vitória replaced fired Manuel Machado at the helm of Vitória de Guimarães. In his second year he led the club to the conquest of the Portuguese Cup, against Benfica in a first-ever for the Minho Province side.

</doc>
<doc id="31059806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059806" title="Jutta Wachowiak">
Jutta Wachowiak

Jutta Wachowiak (born 13 December 1940) is a German actress. She has appeared in over 60 films and television shows since 1962. She starred in the 1986 film "So Many Dreams", which was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31059811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059811" title="Charles François Hutin">
Charles François Hutin

Charles François Hutin (Paris, 4 July 1715 – Dresden, 29 July 1776) was a French history and figure painter, engraver and sculptor. He became director of the Royal Academy of Arts in Dresden.
Life and work.
Hutin was born in Paris in 1715. He studied painting under Francois Le Moine, and in his twenty-first year obtained the grand prize for historical painting, and went to Rome, where he spent seven years. There he studied sculpture with René-Michel Slodtz. After his return to Paris in 1746, he was received into the Royal Academy. To gain admission he executed a sculpture as his presentation piece ("morceau de reception") and this attracted the attention of the Elector of Saxony, who invited him to come to Dresden in 1748; he went there with his brother Pierre Hutin. There, he made copies of the paintings in the gallery which were published in two volumes called '"Dresden Gallery" (1753–57); his brother, Pierre, also contributed some drawings. The plates for this publication were engraved in Paris between 1750 and 1756 and over 20 engravers contributed.
In 1764, he became director of the Dresden Royal Academy of Arts. He executed an altar painting of the crucifixion in the Katholische Hofkirche in Dresden, and, in one of the chapels behind the main altar, a fresco ceiling. Of his engravings there are in particular thirty-five plates, entitled "Recueil de differents Sujets composee poses et graves par Charles Hutin", Dresden, 1763.
Hutin died in Dresden on 29 July 1776.

</doc>
<doc id="31059828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059828" title="Connie Grob">
Connie Grob

Conrad George Grob (rhymes with "dub"; November 9, 1932 – September 28, 1997) was an American professional baseball player in the 1950s and 1960s. A right-handed pitcher, he spent one full season — — in Major League Baseball as a member of the Washington Senators. Grob batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed .
A native of Cross Plains, Wisconsin, Grob signed originally with the Brooklyn Dodgers before the 1952 season and won 24 games (losing five) in his debut year in the Class D Wisconsin State League. After two years in military service, the Dodgers moved him up to the Double-A Southern Association and he responded by posting a winning record with the 1955 Mobile Bears. Washington then selected him in the Rule 5 Draft that November.
Grob spent the entire 1956 season with the Senators, appearing in 37 games (36 in relief). He surrendered 121 hits and 14 home runs in only 79⅓ innings pitched, striking out 27.
At season's end, he was reacquired by Brooklyn and spent the rest of his active career at the top level of the minor leagues with the Dodgers, Milwaukee Braves and Houston Colt .45s. He retired after the 1965 Pacific Coast League season.
Connie Grob died in Madison, Wisconsin, at age 64.

</doc>
<doc id="31059829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059829" title="Abd al-Majeed al-Qadi">
Abd al-Majeed al-Qadi

Abd al-Majeed al-Qadi (Arabic: عبد المجيد القاضي ; born 1934) is a Yemeni playwright and writer. His work is notable for its engagement with social problems that afflict Yemen. His first two plays were called "Al-Daudahi's Daughter" and "Young Man Mansour". His short story, "The Final Ring", has been translated into English and appeared in a 1988 anthology on modern Arabian literature (edited by Salma Khadra Jayyusi).

</doc>
<doc id="31059839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059839" title="Ciro y los Persas">
Ciro y los Persas

Ciro y los Persas is a rock band from Argentina led by singer and songwriter Andrés Ciro Martínez, former leader of Los Piojos, since 2009. The band had its first performances in December 2009 in Rosario and Cordoba. The most important performances were in 2010 and made a CD, "Orfeo Superdomo" in Cordoba, in the theater Angel Bustelo, Mendoza, in San Juan, and Luna Park Stadium of Buenos Aires. 2010 was a successful year for Ciro and the band, a new album went double platinum, a tour of the interior of the country, and Luna Park, but the best news for the musician was that it Paul McCartney requested that it be an opening act for the concerts that would give the former Beatle in the River Plate Stadium in November.

</doc>
<doc id="31059854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059854" title="Conor Henderson">
Conor Henderson

Conor Alan Henderson (born 8 September 1991) is a professional footballer, who currently playing for League One side Crawley Town.
Career.
Arsenal.
A product of the Arsenal Academy, Henderson came to prominence during the Gunners' 2008–09 FA Youth Cup, 2008–09 Premier Academy League and 2009–10 Premier Academy League wins. 
Henderson was named on the bench for the away trips to Wigan and Blackburn near the end of the 2009–10 season but did not make an appearance. On 2 March 2011, it was announced that he would make his debut against Leyton Orient in an FA Cup replay. He played the full 90 minutes as Arsenal won 5–0. Arsène Wenger later stated after the match that he expects Henderson to be a future player for the first team. During pre-season, he damaged his knee ligaments. Arsène Wenger later said that he would be out for a minimum of six months. In March 2012 he played his first game in eight months in a behind closed doors match against Reading. 
In September 2012, Henderson went on a 3 month loan to Coventry City, making his debut in a 2–1 home defeat to Carlisle United. However, Henderson loan spell at Coventry City was marred by spell on the substitution bench and injuries. After making two appearance, Henderson returned to his parent club on 23 December 2012.
Henderson was released by Arsenal after the end of the 2012–13 season, after failing to agree a new deal with the club.
Hull City.
After impressing manager Steve Bruce during two reserve matches, Henderson was signed by Hull City on 24 September 2013 on a free transfer and was given the number 30 shirt. Henderson made his debut against Huddersfield Town in the third round of the Football League Cup and came on in the 74th minute, replacing fellow Irish midfielder Stephen Quinn in a 1–0 win for the Tigers.
On 27 March 2014, Henderson went out on loan to Stevenage for the rest of the season. After featuring on the bench four times, Henderson made his debut for the club on 12 April 2014, where he made his first start, as Stevenage lose 3-2 to Colchester United. Henderson would added two more appearance for Stevenage. Unfortunately, Stevenage were relegated to League Two and he returned to Hull City.
At the end of the 2013-14 season, Henderson was released by the club upon the expiry of the contract.
Crawley Town.
After being released by Hull City, Henderson joined Crawley Town for free on a one-year contract.
International career.
He represented England at youth level but then switched to Republic of Ireland and has represented them at U-19 level. In March 2011 made his debut appearance for the Irish national Under-21 team. On 10 September 2012, Conor scored for the U21s, in a 4–2 win over Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31059870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059870" title="2011 BNP Paribas Open – Men's Singles Qualifying">
2011 BNP Paribas Open – Men's Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 BNP Paribas Open.

</doc>
<doc id="31059883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059883" title="Dagmar Manzel">
Dagmar Manzel

Dagmar Manzel (born 1 September 1958) is a German actress. She has appeared in more than 50 films and television shows since 1983. She starred in the 1986 film "So Many Dreams", which was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31059886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059886" title="Braljina (Ćićevac)">
Braljina (Ćićevac)

Braljina is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 118 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059890" title="2011 BNP Paribas Open – Women's Singles Qualifying">
2011 BNP Paribas Open – Women's Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 BNP Paribas Open.

</doc>
<doc id="31059893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059893" title="Belinda Meuldijk">
Belinda Meuldijk

Belinda Meuldijk (born 7 January 1955) is a Dutch actress, writer, and activist. She has performed in Dutch television shows and movies, and is also a song writer. She first performed at age six in the "Pipo de Clown" television show, conceived by her father, Wim Meuldijk; later, she provided the impetus for the 2003 movie "Pipo en de p-p-Parelridder" and produced and wrote the songs for the 2009 musical "Pipo en de Gestolen Stem".
Biography.
Belinda Meuldijk is the daughter of Wim Meuldijk, the creator of the television show "Pipo de Clown", which was on Dutch television from 1958 to 1980. She grew up surrounded by the show—the cameras and other equipment were stored in her bedroom, her father built the sets for the show at home, and sometimes shows were taped in their backyard. "Pipo is in my blood," she said.
Meuldijk's first appearance on screen was in "Pipo de Clown", at age six, and in 1975, she played the character Uni in the Pipo TV series "Pipo en het Grachtengeheim". She had a minor part in the Wim T. Schippers' movie "Volk en Vaderliefde" (1976), and got her big break in the 1977 Paul Verhoeven film "Soldier of Orange". She played in a few more TV movies and series including, again, a Pipo series ("Pipo in West-Best", 1980), and in the soap opera "Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden". Also she played the role of one of the three brides of Dracula in the BBC TV film "Count Dracula" (1977) directed by Philip Saville and starring by Louis Jourdan.
Later, Meuldijk continued her father's legacy and was instrumental in the production of a movie, "Pipo en de p-p-Parelridder", which was released in 2003. She helped produce a 2009 musical featuring Pipo, "Pipo en de Gestolen Stem", for which she wrote the song lyrics.
From 1984 to 2005 she was married to Dutch singer Rob de Nijs, for whom she wrote a number of songs (including the 1996 hit song "Banger Hart"). They had two sons, but had been living separately since 1993. Until 2009, when she was ordered by a court to leave, Meuldijk lived in the villa she and de Nijs had shared. 
Meuldijk is also an activist for the rights of animals and is involved with animal rights organizations, though she has also been criticized for promoting the import of stray animals from outside the country. In 2006, she was a "lijstduwer" for the Party for the Animals.

</doc>
<doc id="31059895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059895" title="Grad Stalać">
Grad Stalać

Grad Stalać is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 800 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059900" title="Lučina (Ćićevac)">
Lučina (Ćićevac)

Lučina is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 927 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059904" title="Mojsinje (Ćićevac)">
Mojsinje (Ćićevac)

Mojsinje is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 36 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059907" title="Super Mario 3D Land">
Super Mario 3D Land

"Super Mario 3D Land" is unique from other games in the "Mario" series, as it combines elements from both traditional 2D "Mario" side-scrolling games and modern free-roaming 3D "Mario" games. It also introduces new elements into the series, including new power-ups and gameplay mechanics. The main story is similar to previous "Super Mario" titles, centering on Mario's efforts to rescue Princess Peach, who has been kidnapped by Bowser, utilizing the aid of the Tanooki Suit amongst other power-ups. The game consists of 96 distinct levels allotted among the 16 worlds.
The game was released to critical acclaim, with gaming critics praising the amount of creativity and technical design presented within the game, though the utilization of 3D into the gameplay was met with a more polarizing reception. The game was a commercial success, and has sold 9.27 million copies worldwide as of March 31, 2014, making it the third best-selling game for the 3DS. It was also the first 3DS game to sell over 5 million copies.
Nintendo re-released the game, along with some of their earlier, published games for the Nintendo 3DS, as a downloadable title via Nintendo eShop. The downloadable version was released in the PAL region on October 4, 2012, October 18, 2012 in North America, and November 1, 2012 in Japan.
Gameplay.
"Super Mario 3D Land" is a platform game that has been described by game designer Shigeru Miyamoto as a "3D Mario that plays as a 2D Mario game". As such, "Super Mario 3D Land" combines the elements of traditional side-scrolling video game titles, such as linear-based levels, with those of the modern open world titles, such as moving Mario in three dimensions and performing a variety of actions. Similar to the older side-scrolling "Mario" games, the health system revolves around Mario shrinking upon taking damage from enemies or hazards, having a dedicated "Dash" button as opposed to using analog input to determine travel speed, and damage while as "Small Mario" results in losing a life. Mario has also learned two new moves: a barrel roll and a roll jump, the former of which can be used to break blocks in a similar manner to jumping at blocks from below or ground pounding, and the latter allowing Mario to cover much horizontal ground in one jump. "Super Mario 3D Land" utilizes a similar level objective to those games, in which the point of each level is to reach and grab the "Goal Pole" located at the end of the course before the time limit expires.
The game offers a number of traditional "Mario" items, such as the Super Mushroom, Fire Flower, and Starman, along with new power-ups that bestow special suits onto Mario and grant him new abilities. Returning from "Super Mario Bros. 3" is the Super Leaf power-up, which gives Mario the Tanooki suit, allowing him to float in the air and attack with his tail, with a later variant also allowing him to transform into a statue upon performing a ground pound. The player is able to reserve an extra power-up, which can be retrieved by tapping the item visible on the touchscreen.
Other items include the Boomerang Flower, which allows Mario to throw boomerangs that can collect out-of-reach items as well as attack enemies; the Propeller Box, which allows Mario to reach high places; and the rare Prize Box, which gives Mario extra Coins while walking around in it. The Invincibility Leaf, which appears after the player dies five times in a level, gives Mario invincibility and Tanooki Suit abilities; while the P-Wing, which appears after the player dies ten times in a level, sends the player right to the end of the level, near the Goal Pole. (The invincibility leaf and the P-wing are only available in regular worlds.) Each course contains three hidden Star Medals that are required to unlock certain levels. The map screen also contains Toad Houses where players can visit Toad and receive additional items, and Mystery Boxes where more Star Medals can be earned. After clearing the game once, a set of "Special" levels are unlocked, some of which contain additional challenges, such as a 30-second time limit. Clearing the S1 castle unlocks Luigi as a playable character, who has slightly different handling to Mario.
"Super Mario 3D Land" utilizes the Nintendo 3DS's autostereoscopic technology, allowing players to perceive depth when viewing the game screen. While the game is designed to not require the 3D effect, some obstacles or points of interest are deliberately more noticeable or easier when the 3D is switched on. "Super Mario 3D Land" also utilizes optional use of the 3DS gyroscope, which can be used to control cannons and binoculars. The game also features StreetPass functionality, allowing players to exchange Mystery Boxes containing bonus items. StreetPass also gives players another Toad house so they can get items.
Plot.
During a heavy thunderstorm, a tail-like branched tree called the "Tail Tree", which stands on Princess Peach's castle grounds, is stripped of all its leaves. The leaves, which turn out to be Super Leaves, were in reality taken by Bowser who is using them to bestow Tanooki Tails on his minions gifting them with new abilities. Unaware of this situation at first, when Mario and the Toads go to inspect the tree the next day they discover a letter from Bowser, learning that he has kidnapped the princess. Mario sets off in pursuit to locate and rescue the princess, learning in the process of Bowser's intentions for using the aforementioned stolen Super Leaves. After rescuing her, the Toads and Mario return to the Mushroom Kingdom with Tanooki Suits while Mario carries the princess. Mario's actions lead to the restoration of the Tail Tree. However, a photo falls to the ground revealing Luigi behind bars with a Koopa Troopa and Peepa, beginning Mario's quest into the eight Special Worlds.
After rescuing Luigi (who is rescued after Mario beats a certain level) the two brothers continue on their quest in completing the Special worlds. After they have completed the Special 8 Castle level, a new letter falls to the ground far away in an open plain. The three Toads who helped Mario earlier on investigating the letter and discover that Bowser has kidnapped Peach once again, thus starting Mario's quest once over. After Mario rescues Peach for the second time, another photo is found with Peach in a Tanooki suit.
Development.
"Super Mario 3D Land" was co-developed by Nintendo EAD Tokyo, which had previously developed "Super Mario Galaxy" and "Super Mario Galaxy 2", and Brownie Brown, another subsidiary of Nintendo. "Super Mario Galaxy 2" game director Koichi Hayashida directed the game, and the game music was composed by Takeshi Hama, Mahito Yokota and Asuka Hayazaki (formally known as Asuka Ohta). "Super Mario 3D Land" took two years to develop, starting from a development team of two people and ending with a team of 30. The game was first announced by Shigeru Miyamoto in November 2010, stating that both the 3D "Mario" game as well as a 2D "Mario" title were in the works for the Nintendo 3DS. Miyamoto described the 3D game as "completely original" and a cross between "Super Mario Galaxy" and "Super Mario 64."
"Super Mario 3D Land" was designed to bridge the gap between 2D "Mario" games and 3D "Mario" games, and influenced by Miyamoto's philosophy of keeping the games fun in nature and making sure the player had the utmost opportunity to enjoy the experience of the game. A main concern during development was making a game that would appeal to fans of the 2D "Super Mario" games as well as the 3D games; levels were designed so that the player would not get lost, moving Mario in one general direction towards each level's goal.
One of the inspirations behind the creation of the game was technological advances that made it possible to implement certain elements that could not be done in previous "Mario" games. Satoru Iwata explained that "since 1996, when Mario appeared in 3D in "Super Mario 64", it's always been hard for players to judge how to jump and hit a block floating in a 3D space," musing that the Nintendo 3DS autostereoscopy allowed for this issue to be fixed. The development team, which only had experience developing on consoles rather than handhelds, first tried playing "Super Mario Galaxy 2" on a small television monitor. When it was found that Mario was too small to see and thus difficult to control, "3D Land"s camera system and level terrain needed to be designed for viewing on the small Nintendo 3DS screen, making it easier for players to keep track of Mario. Certain aspects of gameplay were inspired by Nintendo's "The Legend of Zelda" franchise, including the way that the camera functioned during certain moments. Ideas that were ultimately not incorporated into "3D Land" included a pro skater suit for Mario, the ability to change Mario's size to the extreme, and a feature that replaces Princess Peach's face with a photographed face. The game's title was chosen as an homage to the "Super Mario Land" games released on the Game Boy.
"Super Mario 3D Land" development was heavily affected by the Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami that occurred on March 11, 2011. The disaster caused public transportation to shut down, preventing Nintendo staff from being able to commute to work, and the Tokyo office remained closed for about a week. Hayashida was inspired by the disaster to encourage his team to communicate more, setting up the office such that staff members could easily see and discuss each other's work. The team also started holding group meetings to play-test "3D Land"s levels. Hayashida later mentioned that the team expressed hope that the game would inspire joy in spite of the tragedy.
Satoru Iwata revealed the game at the 2011 Game Developer's Conference and pointed out that the game's tentative logo sported a tail, stating that its purpose would be revealed at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2011. Miyamoto later stated that "it's what you think it is", alluding to the Tanooki Suit, a power-up originally from "Super Mario Bros. 3". While no exact release date was announced, Miyamoto stated that he hoped to release the game during 2011. The game was showcased at Nintendo's press conference at E3 2011, where a 2011 release date was confirmed, along with the appearance of the Tanooki Suit. While the power-up allows Mario to float down gently, unlike "Super Mario Bros. 3" he cannot fly.
"Super Mario 3D Land" was first released in Japan on November 3, 2011. It was then released in North America on November 13, Europe on November 18, and in Australia on November 24.
Reception.
"Super Mario 3D Land" has received critical acclaim. It received an aggregated score of 90.09% on GameRankings and 90/100 on Metacritic. The game sold over 343,000 copies in its first week in Japan, helping to move over 145,000 Nintendo 3DS units. "Famitsu" awarded "Super Mario 3D Land" a score of 38/40, praising level design, accessibility for beginners and the use of 3D. IGN gave the game a score of 9.5 and an Editor's Choice award, calling it "brilliant and addictive" and stating that "3D gaming has never been fully realized before this". GamesRadar gave the game a score of 9/10, praising its wealth of content, although criticising the inclusion of a run button and some easy difficulty. "Game Informer" gave "3D Land" a 9.5/10, saying "it lives up to the level of quality set by previous entries and is easily the best reason to own a 3DS". They also complimented the use of both a run button and the 3D effects while criticising the "lack of variety in boss battles".
1UP.com's Jeremy Parish gave the game a less favorable review, noting that certain aspects of the game were too easy in nature, musing a "moderately skilled player is never in danger of running out of lives in "Super Mario 3D Land"". He however noted that the game was creative in its presentation, and offered "clever new twists on the familiar to the knuckle-biting intensity of the final stages." Justin Haywald of "GamePro" gave the game 5/5, writing that Nintendo successfully captured the nostalgic aesthetic of the series, while still maintaining technical innovation. He reported, "for every familiar bit of music or a level background that reminds you of "Mario" games past, you have new abilities to use and deviously designed platforming sections that feel completely unique", while stating that the inclusion of 3D was mostly a gimmick.
GameSpot stated that the game lacked some of the more creative aspects of the best of the series, stating that the 3D was mostly optional, though praised the gameplay as entertaining and fast-paced. X-Play's Russ Frushtick felt that "Super Mario 3D Land" was the best game yet released for the 3DS, praising the content as surprisingly vast in nature and claiming that the game was twice as long as initially gauged. The game won the "Best Handheld Game" award in the 2011 Spike Video Game Awards. "Super Mario 3D Land" was awarded the "Best Platform Game Award", and Nintendo 3DS Game of the Year 2011 by GameTrailers.
"Super Mario 3D Land" sold 2.86 million units in the U.S. as of September 12, 2013. In Japan, the game has sold over 1.66 million units as of August 1, 2012. The game was released to commercial success and has sold 9.27 million copies worldwide as of March 31, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31059909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059909" title="Mrzenica">
Mrzenica

Mrzenica is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 221 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059913" title="Pločnik (Ćićevac)">
Pločnik (Ćićevac)

Pločnik is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 593 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059916" title="Krotos">
Krotos

In Greek mythology, Krotos or Crotus was the son of Pan and Eupheme. He dwelt on Mount Helicon and kept company of the Muses, whom his mother had nursed.
Krotos was renowned for being both an excellent hunter and a devoted adherent of the Muses and their arts. He is credited with having invented archery and being the first to use bow and arrows for hunting animals. He is also said to have introduced applause, as he would clap his hands at the singing of the Muses, for whom this was a sign of acclaim preferable to any verbal ones. To commemorate his diligence, the Muses asked Zeus to place him among the stars, which he did, transforming Krotos into the constellation Sagittarius. Various details of his stellar image were thought to represent one of his virtues: lower body of a horse for his skills of a horse rider; arrows for his keenness and swiftness as a hunter; a Satyr's tail for him being as delightful to the Muses as the Satyrs are to Dionysus.

</doc>
<doc id="31059918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059918" title="Pojate">
Pojate

Pojate is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 986 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059923" title="Michael Gregory Gong">
Michael Gregory Gong

Michael Gregory Gong (...), also known as Michael Gregory or Michael Delmare, is a Chinese-born American actor and dancer.
He is mostly known in the world of tv-series by participing in the HBO tv drama "OZ", playing the role of the Chinese Triad crime boss Jia Kenmin, accredited by Michael Delmare, between season 4 and season 5.
He also appeared in "Eraser" and "Sister Act 2" and he took part, in the early 1990s, in Madonna's "The Girlie Show World Tour".

</doc>
<doc id="31059926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059926" title="Trubarevo">
Trubarevo

Trubarevo is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 152 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059934" title="Bela Voda">
Bela Voda

Bela Voda is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1387 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059936" title="Belasica (Kruševac)">
Belasica (Kruševac)

Belasica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 402 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059939" title="Bivolje">
Bivolje

Bivolje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 330 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059940" title="Julian Brooke-Houghton">
Julian Brooke-Houghton

Julian Brooke-Houghton (born 16 December 1946) is a British sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" with Rodney Pattisson at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31059943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059943" title="Bojince">
Bojince

Bojince is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 82 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059944" title="Dan Pabon">
Dan Pabon

Dan Pabon (born October 18, 1977) is the current Colorado State Representative for District 4, which encompasses Northwest Denver. He was first elected on November 2, 2010, and entered office on January 12, 2011.
Biography.
Pabon grew up in the same community he is now serving in the Colorado House of Representatives. The son of working class parents, Pabon attended Holy Family and then studied engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder, where he was elected Student Body President his senior year. As a law student at CU Boulder, he worked for the Legal Aid and Defenders Program. He helped the poor and disabled obtain Social Security benefits, navigated them through family law, and acted as general counselor and advocate for those most vulnerable. Also during law school, Dan served as Class President.
After earning his JD, Pabon worked at a prestigious Denver-based law firm, where he built a practice focused on real estate and green building development. He became a member of the U.S. Green Building Council and was a strong advocate for green technologies and investing in Colorado's new energy economy. Pabon later gave up his career as a lawyer to become Northwest Denver's neighborhood attorney. His clients included neighborhood small business owners, residents, and non-profit organizations.
Pabon worked on higher education issues as the vice-chair of the Auraria Higher Education Center Board; was a voice for senior citizens as a member of the Association for Senior Citizens Board; served as the Captain of the House District 4 Democrats; and worked for two months on the Obama-Biden Presidential transition team, where he helped draft the President's first executive order on transparency and ethics in government.
Legislative career.
2010 campaign.
The campaign kicked off in Pabon's backyard with over 150 attendees. The election required long hours and hard work, and during the ensuing months, thousands of doors were knocked and phones calls were made. The effort paid off—in the general election, Dan won over seventy-five percent of the vote.
Pabon's priorities include a healthy economy and job creation; affordable health care; transparent and accountable government; stronger protections for seniors; improved education; protection for women's reproductive rights; and full legal recognition of same-sex marriage.
2011 legislative session.
Representative Pabon was prime sponsor on five pieces of legislation and co-prime sponsor on several more.
2012 election.
In the 2012 General Election, Representative Pabon faced Republican challenger David W. Dobson. Pabon was elected by a wide margin of 81% to 19%.

</doc>
<doc id="31059945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059945" title="Boljevac (Kruševac)">
Boljevac (Kruševac)

Boljevac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 151 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059948" title="Bovan (Kruševac)">
Bovan (Kruševac)

Bovan is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 179 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059951" title="Brajkovac, Kruševac">
Brajkovac, Kruševac

Brajkovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 367 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059956" title="Bukovica (Kruševac)">
Bukovica (Kruševac)

Bukovica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 242 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059963" title="Ćelije (Kruševac)">
Ćelije (Kruševac)

Ćelije is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 268 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059966" title="Charles T. Murr">
Charles T. Murr

Charles T. Murr (b. August 15, 1950) (also Charles Theodore Murr-Létourneau) is a Catholic priest, author, linguist, and founder of an Orphanage in Tepatitlan, Jalisco, Mexico. Murr is notable as a recipient of the "Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the World" award and the "Ten Outstanding Young Americans". Both honors were awarded in 1985.
Early life.
Charles Theodore Murr was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota on August 15, 1950, the oldest of eight children born to Theodore Charles and Anita Jane (née Letourneau) Murr.
Education.
Murr completed his primary and secondary education at Catholic schools in the St. Paul metropolitan area. He attended Brady High School, run by the Christian Brothers in West Saint Paul, graduating in 1969.
Murr then went on to Saint Norbert College in De Pere, Wisconsin, obtaining his B.A., (Magna cum Laude) in Romance Languages in 1971, while also taking graduate courses at the University of Wisconsin at Madison during the summers of 1970 and 1971 in French, Spanish, and Latin.
In the fall of 1971 he enrolled in the Pontificia Universita San Tommaso D’Aquino in Urbe, Roma, Italia; earning a second Baccalaureate, this time in Philosophy in 1972. He then began theological studies at the same University, earning another Baccalaureate, this time in Thomistic Theology, finishing in 1975. Moving on to Graduate Theology, Murr transferred to the Pontificia Universita Gregoriana, Roma, Italia, earning a (Doctoral-level) Licentiate in Sacred Theology in 1977, and continuing there, earning a Licentiate in Philosophical Anthropology in 1979.
His continuing education includes: Universitat Salzburg; Salzburg, Osterreich, (1993–94) Psychology and German; Saint Joseph Dunwoodie, Dunwoodie, New York, M.Div 1996, and finally, New York University, New York, New York, M.S. in Psychology, 2001.
Career.
On May 13, 1977, in the Basilica of SS. Giovanni e Paulo (Monte Celio), Charles Theodore Murr was ordained a Roman Catholic priest, Pericle Cardinal Felici ordaining. Murr had worked in L’Ufficio Informazioni (Piazza San Pietro, Vaticano) since 1974, and continued in that capacity until 1979. Murr had additional duties from 1976 to 1979 as Special Aide to Édouard Cardinal Gagnon in Apostolic Visitation to the Roman Curia.
In September 1979, Murr was called to Mexico for one year of pastoral experience before returning to Europe to finish his doctoral dissertation in philosophy.
Assigned as curate to the Church of the Holy Family, a poor parish in Tepatitlan, Jalisco (near Guadalajara), He was also named professor of philosophy and theology at the Seminario Major de San Juan de los Lagos, Jalisco. Shortly after his arrival in Tapatitlan, Murr began “collecting” abandoned street kids and brought them to his home and began to feed, clothe, and educate them.
Within the year, he had taken in 12 boys and 8 girls. Murr greatly enjoyed teaching, but the number of his children was growing and traveling back and forth to the seminary – an hour and a half each way over unimproved roads – was beginning to take its toll. Murr appealed to his Ordianary, Archbishop Francisco Javier Nuno, who was impressed with Murr's zeal and concern for the children, and so assigned him full-time to found and build a diocesan orphanage, relieving him of his duties at the seminary. Murr went back to Rome and enlisted the assistance of the Italian Congregation of Our Lady of Sorrows. Hailing from Forli, Abruzzi, the Republic of San Marino, and Rome, four nuns were sent to help him run his mission.
During one of Murr's trips to Rome, he was Sent to Beirut (Fall, 1983) to assist in the release of kidnap victim Youssef el-Khoury, the Bishop of Tyre, a mission that was successful in obtaining the Bishop's release. Murr also worked two summers (1984 and 1985) on Wall Street (Fundamental Brokers, Inc.) as a way to raise more money for the orphanage. Eventually, that company, along with VWGriffo, became major donors to the mission.
About five years from its founding, Villa Francisco Javier Nuno was dedicated on the Feast of Our Lady of Sorrows, September 15, 1986, and became home to 148 Mexican children. Because of his activities at the Orphanage, later that year Murr became a recipient of the JCI's "Ten Outstanding Young Americans" for 1986 and "Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the World" World award for 1986. Murr also oversaw the construction of other facilities supporting the Orphanage (Casa Hogar) in Villa Francisco Javier: La Boulangerie Saint Joseph; Restaurant de L’Eau Vive, all located in Tepatitlan de Morelos, Jalisco; and Rancho Arcangel Miguel , Buena Vista (Municipio de Tepatitlan de Morelos), Jalisco, Mexico. The building of Rancho Arcangel Miguel was designed by Murr, whose father was a builder and passed along architectural skills to him; RAM was crafted to be a replica of the Von Trapp family home near Salzburg.
In order to support his work in Tepatitlan, Murr founded Fr. Charles Murr Orphanages, Inc., an organization of which he remains President.
Murr's book "Society of Judas" is a Roman à clef of his experiences in Mexico.
Murr was still in charge of the orphanage at the time of the assassination of the Archbishop of Guadalajara, Juan Jesús Cardinal Posadas Ocampo, on May 24, 1993, and was advised to resign from his Mexican Diocese that day, and was offered incardination in the Archdiocese of New York by John Joseph Cardinal O'Connor.
In New York, Murr Assisted in design and restoration of Saint Joseph’s Roman Catholic Church (German National Parish), Yorkville (Manhattan), New York, New York; Remodeling of Our Lady of Guadalupe Roman Catholic Church (Manhattan), New York, New York; restoration and renovation of Saint Francis de Sales Roman Catholic Church (Manhattan), New York, New York, having been assigned as Pastor of St. Francis, which is situated at 96th and Lexington in Manhattan. He was also assigned at the same time as Pastor of nearby St. Lucy's Parish.
Murr resigned his post as Pastor of St. Francis de Sales Parish on April 2, 2004 because of financial and administrative problems with the parish's elementary school, St. Francis Academy, which was closed in 2007. Murr is not now in active ministry with the Church. During 2012, he became Founder and President of The Yepes Y Alvarez Legal Defense Fund, Inc., which is a non-profit organization which assists in the legal defense costs of Priests.
Musical composition.
Missa Romanus Romae (Mass In Honour Of Pius XII), for Four Voices & Organ; Performed by the Sistine Chapel Choir, under the direction of Msgr. Domenico Bartolucci; May 13, 1977, Basilica SS. Giovanni e Paulo, Monte Celio, Roma, Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="31059969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059969" title="Cerova (Kruševa)">
Cerova (Kruševa)

Cerova is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 401 people.
Najace mesto na planeti

</doc>
<doc id="31059975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059975" title="Crkvina (Kruševac)">
Crkvina (Kruševac)

Crkvina is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 210 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059976" title="Dedina">
Dedina

Dedina is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 2775 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059979" title="Dobromir (Kruševac)">
Dobromir (Kruševac)

Dobromir is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 131 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059981" title="German ship Totila">
German ship Totila

Totila was a German cargo ship, which sank on May 10, 1944, near Khersones, during the Axis evacuation of the Crimea, killing up to 5,000 German and Romanian soldiers.
The "Totila" was the former Hungarian cargo ship "Magyar Vitez", built in 1942 and confiscated by the Germans in 1944.
In 1944, the 17th Army was cut off by the Red Army in the Crimean Peninsula. At first, Hitler didn't allow the 235,000 German and Romanian troops to be evacuated over sea, but on April 11, the evacuation began.
Together with the "Teja", the "Totila" reached Khersones on May 10, and both ships were immediately loaded with German and Romanian soldiers and then headed back to Constanța. They survived a first attack by a formation of 20 Soviet aircraft, but at 09:30, "Totila" was hit by three bombs during a second attack by 21 Soviet planes. The ship, with 3,000 Germans and 2,000 Romanians on board, sank very fast. "Teja" and the escort ships couldn't stop to help the survivors. At 14:45, a new formation of 11 A-20s appeared and hit the "Teja", which sank with some 4,000 men on board. The three escort ships saved some 400 men and continued the trip to Constanța.
The claim that most soldiers saved themselves by swimming back ashore is very unlikely. The exact number of casualties will never be known, but the sinking of these two ships is one of the greatest maritime disasters of all time. In total, some 8,000 men might have lost their lives in this incident.
The shipwreck of the Totila was found in May 2003 by the divers near Sevastopol.

</doc>
<doc id="31059983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059983" title="Doljane">
Doljane

Doljane is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 262 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059991" title="Donji Stepoš">
Donji Stepoš

Donji Stepoš is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 484 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31059996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31059996" title="Đunis">
Đunis

Đunis is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 812 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060003" title="Gaglovo">
Gaglovo

Gaglovo is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 811 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060004" title="Herman Heijenbrock">
Herman Heijenbrock

Herman Heijenbrock (1871 in Amsterdam – 1948 in Blaricum), was a Dutch writer, painter, pastel draughtsman, and lithographer. He founded the "Museum van den Arbeid" in 1923, that later grew into the Amsterdam Science museum called NEMO.
Biography.
He was the son of a baker and merchant in marine equipment. According to the RKD he learned to paint at the "Academie voor Beeldende Kunsten" in Rotterdam. Soon after graduation he visited the Borinage, a coal-mining district in Belgium. He found work in a theater making backdrops and later went to work as an art-journalist and draughtsman for the Rotterdams Nieuwsblad, which he quit in 1898 to become a professional landscape painter in Noordwijk. He returned to the Borinage to make sketches of the picturesque surroundings, but became depressed by the working conditions and the high amount of disease among the miners and their families. He tried to convince various influential artists to help him work on improving the working conditions of the common man, but met with little success. He wrote a pamphlet called "Onze samenleving in woord en beeld" (Amsterdam, circa 1899) in which he explained his view on working conditions, though he felt that social democracy was not the answer.
Laren art colony and politics.
He married in 1899 and moved to Melkweg 2, Blaricum where he became active in the art colony in the neighboring town of Laren. He and his wife became friends with the artist R.N. Roland Holst and his wife, the poetess Henriette Roland Holst, and the poet Herman Gorter, who all lived near their home in Blaricum. He began corresponding with Frederik van Eeden over his interest in improving working conditions, and responded to Van Eeden's 1899 lecture 'Waarvoor werkt gij?' (Why do you work?) with another pamphlet "Over de Nieuwe Tijden" (About modern times). He shared the political views of Daniël de Clercq and in 1901-1902 they organized some lectures where Van Eeden spoke. He travelled with Van Eeden's brother-in-law to the Ruhrgebiet to see the industrial lifestyle there. Heijenbrock agreed with the American writer Gerald Stanley Lee who said "Not to see poetry in the machinery of this present age, is not to see poetry in the life of the age. It is not to believe in the age." In 1910 Van Eeden brought the writer Lee over to the Netherlands to hold lectures on his "Voice of the Machines" and they visited Heijenbrock. Van Eeden described him after that meeting in his diary as "our greatest painter".
Trips to industrial centers.
Heijenbrock began to travel everywhere that had an industrial center to paint and sketch modern industrial workers at everyday tasks. He visited Saargebiet, Wales, the Midlands in Engeland and shipyards in Scotland. In Sweden he painted quarries and pine forests to show the raw materials for building roads, railways, and the paper industry. In the Netherlands he mostly painted the harbours, but when WWI broke out he was confined to the Dutch borders and began to visit local industrial sites. In his enthusiasm to show the entire industrialization process, he began to collect various modern instruments and inventions.
In 1921 he joined the board of the ‘Vereeniging voor Beeldende Kunsten Laren-Blaricum’, an artist collective that still exists today in Laren and Blaricum. In the same year he wrote to Van Eeden that he had collected enough for a museum, and in 1922 he held an exhibition at the Amsterdamse Stedelijk Museum. A year later his wife died, but he managed to found the "Stichting Museum van den Arbeid" and installed his budding museum collection in the attic of the Veiligheidsmuseum, Amsterdam.
Museum van den Arbeid.
The Museum van den Arbeid was opened in 1929 and was situated in an old school located on the corner of the Marnixstraat at Rozengracht 224-226 in Amsterdam (torn down, the site is currently a fire station ). In 1980 the name was changed to "Nederlands Instituut voor Nijverheid en Techniek" (NINT) and moved to the Tolstraat 127 (the former headquarters of the Royal Asscher Diamond Company). In 1997 the NINT closed and the collection was absorbed by NEMO. Nemo sold 400 of his works to the Gemeente Museum Helmond. The archive of his museum is in the hands of the Amsterdam City Archives.
His work is mostly inspired by factories and industrial workers of all shapes and kinds. The works he made of the area where he lived in Laren and Blaricum are confined to the few textile factories that the area had during his time there. He became known as 'de schilder van licht en arbeid' (the painter of light and work) and won many commissions for "portraits" of factories by leading Dutch businessmen. Heijenbrock's works often hang in museums near the old factories that commissioned them, such as the Hoogovensmuseum, Nemo, the Amsterdam Museum, and the museum in Helmond. He became a member of the Amsterdam artist collective Arti et Amicitiae, and in 1933 he helped found the Goois Museum in Hilversum.

</doc>
<doc id="31060007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060007" title="Gari (Kruševac)">
Gari (Kruševac)

Gari is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 535 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060009" title="Gavez">
Gavez

Gavez is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 140 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060013" title="Globare">
Globare

Globare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 402 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060017" title="Globoder">
Globoder

Globoder is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1656 people. .

</doc>
<doc id="31060024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060024" title="Gornji Stepoš">
Gornji Stepoš

Gornji Stepoš is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 832 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060030" title="Grevci">
Grevci

Grevci is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 415 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060032" title="Grkljane">
Grkljane

Grkljane is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 468 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060033" title="Clint Boling">
Clint Boling

Clint Boling (born May 9, 1989) is an American football guard for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League. He played college football at Georgia. He was considered one of the top guard prospects for the 2011 NFL Draft.
College career.
Boling finished his career with 49 career starts. As a senior in 2010 he was named an All-American by Pro Football Weekly.
Professional career.
Cincinnati Bengals.
Boling was selected by the Cincinnati Bengals with the 101st overall pick in the 2011 NFL Draft. Cincinnati.com reported Boling's signing of his rookie contract on July 30. Terms were not made available as of 10:40 on July 30.

</doc>
<doc id="31060038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060038" title="Jablanica (Kruševac)">
Jablanica (Kruševac)

Jablanica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 642 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060040" title="Jasika">
Jasika

Jasika () is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 2040 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060046" title="Kamenare">
Kamenare

Kamenare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 474 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060049" title="Sosnovsky (inhabited locality)">
Sosnovsky (inhabited locality)

Sosnovsky (; masculine), Sosnovskaya (; feminine), or Sosnovskoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31060050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060050" title="Kapidžija">
Kapidžija

Kapidžija is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1485 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060054" title="Kobilje, Kruševac">
Kobilje, Kruševac

Kobilje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 710 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060055" title="Emanuel Fried">
Emanuel Fried

Emanuel "Manny" Fried (March 1, 1913 – February 25, 2011) was a playwright, actor, and union organizer. Born in New York City to a working-class background, Fried married into a prominent upper-class Buffalo, NY family. At the onset of World War II, Fried worked for Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company. There, Fried became involved in the company's union, and was fired for subversive activities. From 1944-1946, Fried served in the US Army. After the war, Fried again worked as a labor organizer, and was fired after an FBI investigation into Communist ties.
In 1954 Fried was called before the House Un-American Activities Committee to investigate ties to the Communist Party. After invoking the Fifth Amendment and refusing to answer questions, Fried was blacklisted and unable to find work or have his plays produced. He ended up selling life insurance for around 15 years for Canada Life, the only place he could find work, selling mainly to former union members and colleagues. Throughout this period, he was writing plays and performing as an actor on the Buffalo stage. He eventually decided to complete his Bachelor's degree, having only finished one year of college at University of Iowa on a football scholarship as a younger man. He not only completed his B.A., but went on to complete his Ph.D. at Buffalo State College, where he was hired to teach in 1973. He retired from this position in 1983, but continued to teach as an adjunct professor until 2008. Fried also taught for the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations.
Fried's plays included: "The Dodo Bird", "Brothers for A’ That", "Drop Hammer", "Elegy for Stanley Gorski", "The Second Beginning", "Marked for Success", and "Boilermakers and Martini’s".

</doc>
<doc id="31060060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060060" title="Konjuh (Kruševac)">
Konjuh (Kruševac)

Konjuh is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1139 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060064" title="Daniël de Jong">
Daniël de Jong

Daniël de Jong (born 9 July 1992 in Rotterdam) is a professional racing driver from the Netherlands.
Career.
Formula Renault 2.0.
After a lengthy karting career in his native Holland and a brief stint in the Dutch Winter Endurance Series, de Jong made his single–seater debut in 2008 in the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup (NEC), finishing the season 13th overall. He also contested two races in the Formula Renault 2.0 NEZ series, taking two pole positions and a race victory to finish the season in 8th place, and a single round of the Formula Renault 2.0 West European Cup at Spa–Francorchamps. 
In 2009, de Jong took part in both the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and Formula Renault 2.0 NEC championships with MP Motorsport. In the Eurocup, he took a single points–finish at the Hungaroring to be classified in 25th place, whilst in the NEC series he took podium places at the Nürburgring and Spa–Francorchamps to finish 9th, despite missing the third round of the season at Alastaro. 
2010 saw de Jong remain in the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 series for a second season. After finishing second to Kevin Korjus in the first race of the season at Motorland Aragón, he finished in the points on a further eight occasions to finish 9th in the standings. He also took part in selected events of the Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season, taking a race win at the final event of the season at the Nürburgring together with a second–place at Brno earlier in the season. He finished the year 11th in the standings, despite only taking part in six of the 18 races.
Formula Renault 3.5 Series.
In October 2010, de Jong drove a Formula Renault 3.5 Series car for the first time, testing for Draco Racing at the first post–season test in Barcelona. A week later he tested for Comtec Racing at Motorland Aragón and it was announced in February 2011 that he had signed to race for the team in the 2011 season, partnering British Formula Three graduate Daniel McKenzie.cool
Auto GP.
Alongside his Formula Renault 3.5 commitments, de Jong will also contest the Auto GP season in 2011, driving for his long–time Formula Renault 2.0 team MP Motorsport. He remains with the team (now in a partnership with Manor Motorsport) for the 2012 season.
GP2 Series.
In 2012, de Jong made his GP2 Series debut at the Valencia Street Circuit, driving for the Rapax team. He also drove for the team at Silverstone, and will also do so at the Hungaroring and at Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps. He is the third Dutchman in the championship, alongside Giedo van der Garde and Nigel Melker. He missed the round at Hockenheim due to his Auto GP commitments, but returned to action in the next round at the Hungaroring. He was then replaced by Stefano Coletti for the round at Monza.
Racing record.
Career summary.
† – As de Jong was a guest driver, he was ineligible for championship points.

</doc>
<doc id="31060066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060066" title="Koševi">
Koševi

Koševi is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 393 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060070" title="Kazakhstani Supreme Soviet election, 1990">
Kazakhstani Supreme Soviet election, 1990

Supreme Soviet elections were held in Kazakhstan on 25 March 1990. Of the 360 seats, 270 were directly elected, whilst 90 were selected by public associations. The Communist Party of Kazakhstan won 342 of the 360 seats, with the remainder going to independents. Voter turnout was reported to be 84.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="31060080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060080" title="Product Development Technologies">
Product Development Technologies

Product Development Technologies, Inc. is a global product development consultancy founded in 1995. PDT is headquartered in Lake Zurich, Illinois, United States, with regional studios in Austin, Chicago, Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles and Minneapolis. The company maintains an international presence in the United Kingdom, Ukraine and China.
PDT works in these various disciplines: product strategy, design research, industrial design, user experience, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, software development, prototyping, quality assurance and global sourcing. The company specializes in the development of new products within the medical, consumer and defense sectors. Product Development Technologies is , ISO 13485 certified and ITAR registered. In 2000, Inc. Magazine named PDT as the 22nd fastest growing company in the United States.
The PDT portfolio includes projects with clients including: Motorola, Dell, Qualcomm, Iridium, Texas Instruments and Cardinal Health. In 2011, PDT announced its partnership with a major U.S. university and Dr. Peter Belafsky, M.D., M.P.H., Ph.D. to create a new swallow enhancement device for sufferers of dysphagia. In 2009, PDT was also selected to work with Copenhagen-based Æsir, developing the Æ+Y mobile phone concepted by international designer Yves Béhar. After more than 7,000 hours of engineering, the phone launched in 2011. The firm also earned a 2010 Good Design Award for its work on the Invitrogen MAGic Sample Processor.

</doc>
<doc id="31060096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060096" title="Krvavica">
Krvavica

Krvavica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 862 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060097" title="Kukljin">
Kukljin

Kukljin is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1794 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060100" title="Lazarevac (Kruševac)">
Lazarevac (Kruševac)

Lazarevac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 671 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060104" title="Lazarica">
Lazarica

Lazarica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1521 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060105" title="Lipovac (Kruševac)">
Lipovac (Kruševac)

Lipovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 345 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060107" title="Ljubava">
Ljubava

Ljubava is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 525 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060114" title="Lovci (Kruševac)">
Lovci (Kruševac)

Lovci is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 228 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060116" title="Lukavac (Kruševac)">
Lukavac (Kruševac)

Lukavac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 287 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060121" title="Mačkovac (Kruševac)">
Mačkovac (Kruševac)

Mačkovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1295 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060123" title="Majdevo, Kruševac">
Majdevo, Kruševac

Majdevo is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 491 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060127" title="Makrešane">
Makrešane

Makrešane is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village had a population of 1,618.

</doc>
<doc id="31060128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060128" title="Mala Reka (Kruševac)">
Mala Reka (Kruševac)

Mala Reka is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 174 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060130" title="Mala Vrbnica (Kruševac)">
Mala Vrbnica (Kruševac)

Mala Vrbnica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 262 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060132" title="Mali Kupci">
Mali Kupci

Mali Kupci is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 407 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060134" title="Mali Šiljegovac">
Mali Šiljegovac

Mali Šiljegovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 657 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060135" title="List of Indian engineering college rankings">
List of Indian engineering college rankings

Engineering colleges in India are ranked by several magazines and newspapers. Colleges ranked are ones with full-time Bachelor of Engineering or Bachelor of Technology programs. Included below are institutes which were ranked in the top 60 by at least one of the following. Note that the Dataquest-CMR ranking focuses on IT departments.
DNP = Did not participate. NA = Not Available 
References.
Top 100 Engineering Colleges in India - Engg. College Ranking (2012)

</doc>
<doc id="31060138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060138" title="Malo Golovode">
Malo Golovode

Malo Golovode is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia with a population of 2,369 at the 2002 census.

</doc>
<doc id="31060145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060145" title="Malo Krušince">
Malo Krušince

Malo Krušince is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 145 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060147" title="Meševo">
Meševo

Meševo is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 626 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060152" title="Modrica (Kruševac)">
Modrica (Kruševac)

Modrica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 764 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060153" title="Laportea peduncularis">
Laportea peduncularis

Laportea peduncularis, the River Nettle, is a herbaceous plant in the family Urticaceae. It is consumed for its anti-inflammatory effects.

</doc>
<doc id="31060155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060155" title="Mudrakovac">
Mudrakovac

Mudrakovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 3366 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060157" title="Naupare">
Naupare

Naupare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 580 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060169" title="André Cluytens discography">
André Cluytens discography

The Belgian-born French conductor André Cluytens (1905-67) was a prolific recording artist. His recording career ran from May 1943 (Strauss and Laparra) to December 1965 (Berlioz L'enfance du Christ). Many of Cluytens recordings have since been re-issued. 
This discography uses information from sources including editions of "The Gramophone Catalogue", the CHARM Discography, D Kern Holoman's study of the Société des Concerts du Conservatoire, the website of Testament Records, and the Erik Baeck study.
This list consists primarily of studio recordings; some recordings of live concerts have been released, and details of these are given separately. 

</doc>
<doc id="31060170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060170" title="Suntop Lookout">
Suntop Lookout

Suntop Lookout (also Sun Top) is located on Suntop Mountain in Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest in central Washington, USA. The fire lookout is at an elevation of about overlooking the valleys of the White River and Huckleberry Creek just to the north of Mount Rainier National Park. Built to standard U.S. Forest Service plans, the one-story ground-level lookout measures fourteen by fourteen feet. The frame structure is capped by a pyramidal roof, and features large windows on all four sides with pivoting shutters that act as sunshades. 
The Suntop lookout was built in either 1932 or 1933 to standard plans for an "L-4 Lookout House." It is one of two intact lookouts from the period in the former Snoqualmie National Forest. The lookout was used during World War II in the U.S. Army Aircraft Warning System. It is open to the public in summer months. 
The lookout was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 14, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31060172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060172" title="Josh Liavaa">
Josh Liavaa

Josh Liavaa (born Siosiua Tu'one Liavaa) is a Tongan-born rugby league player who represented New Zealand in the 1975 World Cup.
Playing career.
A Northcote Tigers player in the Auckland Rugby League competition, Liavaa played for Auckland and in 1975 was picked in the New Zealand Kiwis squad for the 1975 World Cup.
In 1977 Liavaa played for New Zealand Māori in the Pacific Cup.
Personal life.
Liavaa has been married twice. His wives have been
In the 1980s Liavaa reportedly had an affair with Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV's only daughter, Princess Pilolevu Tuita.
Liavaa was a member of the New Zealand Police and now runs a nightclub in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="31060188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060188" title="Padež">
Padež

Padež is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 877 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060189" title="Andreas Blomqvist">
Andreas Blomqvist

Andreas Blomqvist is a heavy metal bassist from Stockholm, Sweden, best known for his role as the bassist and founding member of progressive metal band Seventh Wonder.
Andreas formed Seventh Wonder alongside guitarist Johan Liefvendahl and drummer Johnny Sandin after their previous band fell apart. The music turned towards the side of progressive metal, and as the band was joined by keyboard player Andreas "Kyrt" Söderin late 2000, the new sound was cemented further. Two demos were recorded over the next few years ("Seventh Wonder" in 2001 and "Temple in the Storm" in 2003) and both received good press.
In 2005, Seventh Wonder released their first full-length studio album, "Become". It was followed in 2006 by "Waiting in the Wings". In 2008, they released the critically acclaimed concept album "Mercy Falls". Their most recent studio album is " The Great Escape", which was released in 2010.
Blomqvist's playing style frequently incorporates techniques such as fretboard tapping and sections of fast arpeggios, such as his bass solo in "Walking Tall" from "Waiting in the Wings". He primarily uses a 6-string Bass Guitar for recording and live performances. On the song "Long Way Home" from " The Great Escape", he played a fretless bass. He has listed Marcel Jacob (Talisman, Yngwie Malmsteen) and Thomas Miller (ex Symphony X) as his most important influences.
Blomqvist also does the majority of Seventh Wonder's interviews, writes much of the music and appears to have been the driving force in the band. Blomqvist also acts as the band's lyricist together with singer Tommy Karevik.
Andreas is associated director of CareLigo, they provides medical technology services to extend the range of the doctors in to the home of the patients, to increase adherence to prescribed treatment and to reduce acute hospitalization of patients with chronic diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="31060193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060193" title="Pakašnica">
Pakašnica

Pakašnica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1929 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060194" title="The Death of Empedocles">
The Death of Empedocles

The Death of Empedocles () is a 1987 West German drama film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean-Marie Straub. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31060198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060198" title="Parunovac">
Parunovac

Parunovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 2179 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060200" title="Pepeljevac (Kruševac)">
Pepeljevac (Kruševac)

Pepeljevac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 2101 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060202" title="Petina (Kruševac)">
Petina (Kruševac)

Petina is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 353 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060207" title="Poljaci">
Poljaci

Poljaci is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 393 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060208" title="Against the Head">
Against the Head

Against the Head is a weekly rugby magazine programme, broadcast on RTE Two and presented by Joanne Cantwell with regular panellists Shane Byrne, and Irish Times rugby correspondent Gerry Thornley with various other guests throughout the series. The programme goes out on a Monday night usually running for thirty minutes and has been broadcast since 2003. It was previously presented by Con Murphy until 2008.
The programme brings viewers a mix of interviews, highlights and reviews, as well as discussion on the burning issues in Irish rugby. 
The series runs for the busiest period of the rugby season usually from February to May, and takes in the RBS 6 Nations Championship, Heineken Cup and AIB League and Cup, and brings its audience the latest news on developments within the game.

</doc>
<doc id="31060213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060213" title="Pozlata">
Pozlata

Pozlata is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 125 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060215" title="Ribare (Kruševac)">
Ribare (Kruševac)

Ribare is a municipality in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 6970 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060217" title="Ribarska Banja">
Ribarska Banja

Ribarska Banja is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 277 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060220" title="Rlica">
Rlica

Rlica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 41 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060221" title="Tselinny">
Tselinny

Tselinny (masculine), Tselinnaya (feminine), or Tselinnoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31060225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060225" title="Rosica (Kruševac)">
Rosica (Kruševac)

Rosica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 241 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060226" title="Šašilovac">
Šašilovac

Šašilovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 385 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060228" title="Šavrane">
Šavrane

Šavrane is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 706 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060229" title="Sebečevac">
Sebečevac

Sebečevac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 546 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060230" title="Arctic policy of the European Union">
Arctic policy of the European Union

History.
If the accession of Iceland to the European Union occurs, the EU will increase its Arctic influence and possibly gain permanent observer status in the Arctic Council. The Northern Dimension of European Union policy, established in the late 1990s, intended to deal with issues concerning western Russia, as well as to increase general cooperation among the EU, Iceland and Norway. It has since become a multilateral, equal partnership among the EU, Iceland, Norway and Russia. Canada and the United States are observers to the partnership. Three Nordic Council members have joined the EU (Denmark in 1973 and Sweden and Finland in 1995). The European Union’s application to become a “permanent observer” in the Arctic Council was blocked in 2009 by Canada in response to the European Union’s ban on the importation of seal products.
Progress 2008-2012.
The Arctic is an area of growing strategic importance. The European Union has an important role to play in supporting the successful Arctic co-operation and in helping to meet the challenges that now confront the region. The European Union is the world’s strongest proponent of greater international efforts to fight climate change. It has three (and if the accession of Iceland to the European Union occurs, potentially four) Arctic Council states amongst its members. The European Union is also a major destination of resources and goods from the Arctic region. Many of its policies and regulations therefore have implications for Arctic stakeholders. The European Union wants to engage more with Arctic partners to increase its awareness of their concerns and to address common challenges in a collaborative manner.
The EU Arctic policy is built around three main policy objectives:
As climate change and economic development accelerate in the Arctic region, the European Union intends to step up its engagement with its Arctic partners to jointly meet the challenge of safeguarding the environment while ensuring the sustainable development of the Arctic region.
The Commission and High Representative are proposing to focus further development of the EU’s policy towards the Arctic on three key areas:
Blocked from Arctic Council.
In May 2013, Canada blocked the EU entry as an observer on the Arctic Council, presumably because of the EU's continued ban on the import of Canadian seal products.

</doc>
<doc id="31060234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060234" title="Sezemče">
Sezemče

Sezemče is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 250 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060237" title="Slatina (Kruševac)">
Slatina (Kruševac)

Slatina is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 104 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060242" title="Šogolj">
Šogolj

Šogolj is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 166 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060245" title="Srndalje">
Srndalje

Srndalje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 66 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060246" title="North American School of Trades">
North American School of Trades

North American School of Trades (NATS) is a private vocational school located in Baltimore, Maryland.
History.
In 1970, the Diesel Institute of America (DIA) was founded by Sheldon Monsein, then president of Central GMC/Kenworth inc. in Landover, Maryland. His intent in starting the DIA was born from his company’s need for additional qualified mechanics to service the diesel engine vehicles in the Central GMC/Kenworth fleet.
Not too long afterward, DIA offered its first class for diesel engine technicians in a garage in Landover, making the DIA the first trade school in the state of Maryland to offer training in the repair and maintenance of diesel engines. 
In September 1983, the Diesel Institute of America moved its operation to Grantsville, Maryland and, three years later, began offering training in driving commercial trucks.
In 2002, the DIA was purchased by EFC Trade, a Canada based business that specializes in providing career training through specialty schools. It was in 2004 that the Diesel Institute of America relocated from Grantsville to its current location in Baltimore and its name changed to North American Trade Schools.
Campus.
The school’s campus is located in the unincorporated community of Woodlawn, Baltimore County, Maryland near Security Square Mall. Its current enrollment consists of 529 full-time students.

</doc>
<doc id="31060248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060248" title="Srnje">
Srnje

Srnje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 912 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060254" title="Stanci (Kruševac)">
Stanci (Kruševac)

Stanci is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 417 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060257" title="Štitare">
Štitare

Štitare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 535 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060258" title="Sušica (Kruševac)">
Sušica (Kruševac)

Sušica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 878 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060260" title="The Lightstone">
The Lightstone

The Lightstone is a fantasy book written written by David Zindell in 2001. It is the first book of the Ea cycle series which encompasses "The Lightstone", "The Silver Sword", "The Lord of Lies", "Black Jade", and "The Diamond Warriors".
Plot.
The immortal Morjin, the Lord of Lies, has reappeared in the world of Ea once again to conquer all the land for himself and create a world filled with maddess. To stand against Morjin, King Kiritan of Alonia invites the people of Ea to begin a quest for the Lightstone, a relic with unlimited powers in response to a prophecy that could lead to Morjin's doom. Valashu Elahad, seventh and youngest son of the king of Mesh, is one such knight that takes the pledge to search for the Lightstone, although he has reasons of his own. Valashu has the gift of empathy, a gift and a curse he inherited from his grandfather, which causes him problems along the path of the warrior, a family tradition. Hoping that the golden cup may cure him of his "affliction", Val sets off for Alonia, joined by his teacher, Juwain, and his best friend, Maram. Eventually his party grows to have seven significant individuals, each with their unique gifts and abilities to light the way on their journey throughout the continent for the Lightstone.
Ancient prophecy.
"The seven brothers and sisters of the earth with the seven stones will set forth into the darkness. The Lightstone will be found, the Maitreya will come forth, and a new age will begin. A seventh son... will slay the dragon. The old world will be destroyed and a new one created."
The Greater Gelestei.
Gold Gelestei (lightstone) - Power over all matter, energy, space and time, and all of the other gelestei. Can do just about anything
Silver Gelestei (Silustria) - Reflects, protects, and magnifies the powers of the soul, including those of mind, including logic, deduction, calculation, awareness, ordinary memory, judgment and insight. 
White Gelestei (Kristei) - Allows particular people to look into the future / perceive events distant in either space or time
Blue Gelestei (Blestei) - Quicken and deepen all kinds of knowing and communication for mind speakers and truth sayers
Green Gelestei (Varistei) - Power over the forms of living things. Can be used to heal or twist creatures into different shapes.
Red Gelestei (Tuaoi stones) - draw upon the sun's rays, as well as the earth's magnetic and telluric currents, to generate beams of light, lightning, heat or fire.
Black Gelestei (Baalstei) - devour light and are the stones of negation. Made originally to control the Red Gelestei. They can be wielded as weapons to attack people physically, mentally and spiritually, sucking away their vital energies and will.
Purple Gelestei (Lilastei) - unlocks the light locked up in nonliving matter so that matter might be changed, molded and transformed. Sometimes called the alchemists' stones.

</doc>
<doc id="31060264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060264" title="Suvaja (Kruševac)">
Suvaja (Kruševac)

Suvaja is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 367 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060266" title="Tekija (Kruševac)">
Tekija (Kruševac)

Tekija is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 889 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060271" title="Trebotin">
Trebotin

Trebotin is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 681 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060276" title="Trmčare">
Trmčare

Trmčare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 715 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060277" title="Velika Kruševica (Kruševac)">
Velika Kruševica (Kruševac)

Velika Kruševica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 806 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060281" title="Velika Lomnica">
Velika Lomnica

Velika Lomnica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 899 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060283" title="Veliko Golovode">
Veliko Golovode

Veliko Golovode is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 875 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060285" title="Aldon Smith">
Aldon Smith

Aldon Jacarus Smith (born September 25, 1989) is an American football outside linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Missouri. He was chosen by the 49ers with the seventh overall pick in the 2011 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Smith was born in Greenwood, Mississippi. He attended Raytown High School in Raytown, Missouri, where he played for the Raytown Bluejays high school football team. As a senior he recorded 60 tackles, 21 tackles for loss, 12 sacks, while adding 7 forced fumbles, 1 blocked punt and 1 safety on defense, whilst on offense he caught 34 passes for 570 yards and 4 touchdowns as a tight end.
Considered only a three-star recruit by Rivals.com, Smith was considered the No. 5 overall prospect (any position) in the state of Missouri, as well as the No. 27 strongside defensive end in the nation. Smith chose Mizzou over Nebraska, Kansas and Kansas State, among many others.
College career.
After being redshirted as a freshman in 2008, Smith started 11 of 13 games at defensive end in 2009. He finished the season with 60 tackles and 11 sacks. He was named the Big 12 Defensive Freshman of the Year and a first team freshman All-American. As a sophomore in 2010 he played in nine games, recording 48 tackles and six sacks.
After the season Smith announced that he would forgo his final two years of eligibility and enter the 2011 NFL Draft.
Professional career.
2011 NFL Draft.
Playing as a defensive end at Missouri, Smith was considered a "DE/OLB prospect" by most NFL scouts and was considered a strong edge run defender as 4-3 end or 3-4 linebacker. Many scouts had compared him to DeMarcus Ware. Prior to the 2011 NFL Draft he was projected to selected in the mid-late first round by mock draft analysis. On Draft day, the San Francisco 49ers decided to draft Smith with the 7th overall pick.
2011 season.
Smith did not start but did make his NFL debut against the Seattle Seahawks. In a match against the Philadelphia Eagles in week 4 he recorded his first sack taking down Michael Vick. The next 2 weeks Smith would win the Pepsi NFL Rookie of the Week in victories against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Detroit Lions. After a strong month of October, Smith became the first 49ers player since Patrick Willis in 2007 to earn the NFL Rookie of the Month, he recorded 13 tackles, 6.5 sacks including 1 that forced a safety as he helped San Francisco to a 6-1 record. In Week 15 Smith recorded 2.5 sacks against the Pittsburgh Steelers. He also surpassed Charles Haley for the 49ers record for most sacks by a rookie in a single season with 13.0 sacks. He finished with 37 total tackles, four pass deflections, two forced fumbles, and 14 sacks. Smith was half a sack shy of tying the all-time rookie sack record held by Jevon Kearse despite not starting a single game in his rookie season. He was named Defensive Rookie of the Year by Pro Football Writers of America, and finished second to Von Miller for the Associated Press NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year Award 
2012 season.
After being used only as a situational pass rusher throughout his rookie season, Aldon Smith became a full-time starter in 2012. In Week 11 he set a Monday Night Football record by recording 5.5 sacks against the Chicago Bears. The next week, in a game against the New Orleans Saints, he surpassed Reggie White as the fastest player in league history to record his 30th career sack, doing so in 27 games. The next week, against the St. Louis Rams, Smith broke another of White's records by recording 31.5 sacks in his first two seasons. In that same game, he tied Fred Dean's franchise record of 17.5 sacks in one season. On the NFL Networks the players voted him the seventh best player in the league entering the 2013 season, which made him the second highest ever debutant and second highest defensive player on the list, both behind J. J. Watt. He was also voted the San Franscico 49ers MVP in 2012.
Legal Issues.
On January 28, 2012, Aldon Smith was arrested for DUI in Miami Beach, Florida.
On June 30, 2012, Smith was believed to have suffered stab wounds when attempting to break up a fight at a party at his residence in San Jose, California.
On September 20, 2013, Smith was involved in a single vehicle accident in San Jose, California. He was subsequently arrested on suspicion of DUI and possession of marijuana. After the week 3 loss to the Indianapolis Colts, he voluntarily entered a rehab facility, to be put onto the non-football injury list with an indefinite leave of absence.
On October 9, 2013, Smith was charged with "three felony counts of illegal possession of an assault weapon" relating to the 2012 stabbing incident.
On April 13, 2014, Smith was detained and arrested following an incident in LAX airport in which Smith was alleged to jokingly mention that he was in possession of a bomb to TSA officers.

</doc>
<doc id="31060286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060286" title="Veliko Krušince">
Veliko Krušince

Veliko Krušince is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 109 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060289" title="Vitanovac (Kruševac)">
Vitanovac (Kruševac)

Vitanovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 648 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060290" title="Zakariyya al-Ansari">
Zakariyya al-Ansari

Zakariyyā al-Ansārī was a leading Islamic scholar of the 15th century. He was born in or around 1420 CE, in Sunaika, located in the Egyptian province of Sharqiyya. During his adolescence, al- Ansārī moved to Cairo to study at al-Azhar University. He lived in such poverty there, that he would venture out into the night in search of water faucets and the rinds of watermelon. However, according to al-Ansārī’s own account, after a few years at al-Azhar, a mill worker came to his aid. He provided the young al-Ansārī with money for his food, clothing and books. al-Ansārī told of a remarkable encounter with his benefactor told him,
Eventually, this foretelling would prove to be accurate. While a student, al- Ansārī studied under al-Qāyāti, Ibn Hajar al-Asqalāni, Jalāl al-Dīn al Mahallī and Sharaf al-Din al Munawi. 
Zakariyyā al-Ansārī held the office of Shāfi’ī qādī for a twenty-year period during the reign of Qā’it Bey. Over the course of his lifetime, al-Ansārī spent eighty years engaged as a teacher and muftī. One of al-Ansārī students was al-Sha’rānī, who was responsible for much of the information that survives in regards to the life of al-Ansārī. Of his teacher, al-Sha’rānī wrote that al-Ansārī was, “a pillar of the fiqh and the tasawwuf”.
Al-Ansārī held several teaching positions over the course of his life, which included professorships at the madrasa of the mausoleum of al-Shāfī and the madrasa Jāmaliyya. Fifty-two writings are listed under al-Ansārī’s name in Brockelmann’s Geschichte der Arabischen Litteratur. These writings include, but are not limited to, topics of logic, grammar, philosophy, scientific terminology, rhetoric, Qur’anic exegesis, Holy Tradition, the life of Muhammad, jurispridence ("fiqh"), dogma and mysticism. Some of al-Ansārī’s most famous works include: Manhaj al-tullab (“The Way of the Students”), Fath al-Wahhab (“The help of the Bountiful”), Tuhfat al-tullāb (“The Gift offered to the Students”), Lubb al-usul (“The Kernel of the Science of the roots”), and his commentary on al-Qushairī’s Risāla fī ‘l-tasawwuf. 
From an early age, Zakariyyā al-Ansārī was attracted to mysticism. So encompassing was his interest, that al-Ansārī claimed no one expected much of anything from him in the way of legal studies. Al-Ansārī studied, and was initiated as a Sufi under Muhammad al-Ghamrī. He wrote several treaties on Sufism, but al-Ansārī is especially well known for his commentary on al-Qushairī’s Risāla fī ‘l-tasawwuf. In this commentary he defines tasawwuf in a number of ways, complete earnestness in the progression towards the King of all kings;… it is the devotion to works of good and the avoidance of defects.”"
In terms of al-Ansārī’s Sufi legacy, his name is also remembered in connection to his student al-Sha’rānī. Al-Sha’rānī established Neo-Sufism, also known as the “middle course”. Neo-Sufism combines tasawwuf and fiqh. 
Al-Ansārī died in 1520, in Cairo, at the age of 100. He was given the honorary title “Shaikh al-Islam” and is known for the legacy of his mystic and legal writings. Al-Ansārī gained notoriety especially in Indonesia and Malaya due to his frequent mention as a source for Malay writers. His commentaries on the Sahih of Bukhari, Abhari’s adaptation of Isagoge, al-Jazari’s tajwid and his Futuhat al-ilahiyya on mysticism are among Ansārī’s most popular texts in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="31060292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060292" title="Vratare">
Vratare

Vratare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 462 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060294" title="Vučak (Kruševac)">
Vučak (Kruševac)

Vučak is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 348 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060295" title="Žabare (Kruševac)">
Žabare (Kruševac)

Žabare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 361 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060297" title="Zdravinje (Kruševac)">
Zdravinje (Kruševac)

Zdravinje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 898 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060302" title="Zebica (Kruševac)">
Zebica (Kruševac)

Zebica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 206 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060303" title="Zubovac">
Zubovac

Zubovac is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 214 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060314" title="Ernie Oravetz">
Ernie Oravetz

Ernest Eugene Oravetz (January 24, 1932 – December 3, 2006) was an American professional baseball player. A switch-hitting outfielder who threw left-handed, he played two seasons of Major League Baseball with the – Washington Senators. He was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.
Oravetz stood only tall and weighed . He never hit more than two home runs in any professional season, but he batted .311 during his minor league career and in 1951, his first year as a pro, he led the Class D Florida State League in batting (.362) and runs scored (122) and was named to the All-Star team.
After 188 games played with Washington, he was sent to the minor leagues for good after the 1956 campaign. Oravetz then played his final seven pro seasons in the high minors, mostly in the Senators/Minnesota Twins organization. Coincidentally, in , the Senators would feature another diminutive outfielder, , Albie Pearson.
Ernie Oravetz died at age 74 in Tampa, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31060319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060319" title="Johann Heinrich Bösenselle">
Johann Heinrich Bösenselle

Johann Heinrich Bösenselle, , , was a lawyer, professor of law and Rector of University of Olomouc.
Originally from Westphalia, Johann Heinrich Bösenselle assumed position of Professor of Law at University of Olomouc in 1751. Bösenselle, together with Professor of Law Josef Antonín Sommer (), strived to enhance quality of Olomouc law school. The lectures were extended to cover international, public and natural law, taught according to Grotius and Vitoria. Bösenselle was also lecturing history of "Imperii Romano-Germanici" according to Johann Jacob Mascov. In 1755 the study of law was extended to 3 years (while it was taking place 10 months a year).
From the 1750s there was a power struggle raging between the empress Maria Theresa and jesuits over control of the University. The University was controlled by the Jesuit order from its establishment in 1573, and the position of University's "Rector Magnificus" was automatically in the hands of the rector of Jesuit order. Firstly, the Empress took away the Jesuit's monopoly over the position by imposing that the "Rector Magnificus" was to be elected by academia. As a theologian was elected "Rector Magnificus" in 1765, the empress assumed the power and appointed her own favourite, Johann Heinrich Bösenselle, as the head of university in 1766.

</doc>
<doc id="31060324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060324" title="Tselinny District">
Tselinny District

Tselinny District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31060338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060338" title="Rocky Mountain University of Health Professions">
Rocky Mountain University of Health Professions

The Rocky Mountain University of Health Professions is an institution of higher education located in Provo, Utah, United States. It first opened in 1998. As of April 2014, RMUoHP's main campus is located at 122 East 1700 South, Provo, Utah. Phone: 801-375-5125.
Programs.
The school primarily offers graduate programs in health related fields.
Rocky Mountain University of Health Professions is accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities (8060 165th Avenue NE Ste 100, Redmond, WA 98052-3981), an institutional accrediting body recognized by the Secretary of the US Department of Education.
The entry-level Doctor of Physical Therapy Program at Rocky Mountain University of Health Professions is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation in Physical Therapy Education (CAPTE; 1111 North Fairfax Street, Alexandria, VA, 22314; website: www.capteonline.org). The entry-level Doctor of Physical Therapy degree program is residential.
The Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE) has accepted the application for the initial accreditation of the Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) program at Rocky Mountain University of Health Professions. New applicant status signifies an affiliation with CCNE; it is not a status of accreditation.
It offers the follow degree programs:
Educational Model.
Educational strategies emphasized in the entry-level, residential Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) program:
A learner-centered model of education, where students are actively involved in the teaching/learning process;
As the program progresses, teacher-student collaboration in the educational process increasingly encourages students to take responsibility for their own learning, discovery, and application of new knowledge and skills; 
The faculty models and encourages critical reflection;
Course content builds on the students’ existing knowledge base, progressing from simple to complex conceptualization and advancing from concrete to abstract analysis;
Student development of core values and skills is enhanced through appropriate faculty interaction and modeling of professional behaviors and attitudes; and,
Assessment of student learning and preparation for clinical practice is an intentional and integrated component of student learning.
Educational strategies emphasized in the transitional Doctor of Physical Therapy (tDPT), post-professional Doctor of Occupational Therapy (OTD), and Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) programs:
Didactic education in the classroom with emphasis on writing professional papers; 
Understanding of the application of research and the research process in the clinical setting; 
Application of evidence-based practice principles and practice models;
Completion of a peer-reviewed and referenced case report manuscript on a pre-approved topic (tDPT); 
Completion of an integrated project emphasizing the Occupational Therapy Framework and foundations (OTD);
Directed advanced clinical, health science, educational, or research application experience in supervised and mentored settings (DNP); and,
Completion of an original capstone research project (DNP). 
Educational strategies emphasized in the Doctor of Science (DSc) programs and Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) programs:
Didactic education in the classroom with an emphasis on core courses as well as specific health science educational learning; 
Application of evidence-based practice principles and practice models;
Foundation in the analysis and critique of scientific literature; 
Directed advanced clinical, health science, educational, or research experience in supervised and mentored settings; 
Grounding in research design and bio-medical statistics; and, 
Development, implementation, and completion of a dissertation.
With these general strategies guiding the use of information technology, the University ensures that informational resources support program expectations and student achievement across the spectrum of learning activities unique to each academic program.

</doc>
<doc id="31060349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060349" title="Texas Oncology">
Texas Oncology

Texas Oncology is a network of 300+ physicians and oncology specialists who provide advanced treatment options (technology, clinical trials, and research) to cancer patients in underserved rural and urban communities throughout Texas, with one office in New Mexico and one in Oklahoma. More than 68,000 patients are treated within the Texas Oncology network annually.
Services.
Texas Oncology doctors treat cancer, blood disorders, and related chronic diseases and specialize in medical oncology, hematology, gynecologic oncology, pediatric hematology/oncology, radiation oncology, breast and urology care. 
Texas Oncology invests in technology on an ongoing basis to provide effective, sophisticated, and patient-specific treatment options. Currently, the following technologies and treatment options are offered within the network:
Patients of Texas Oncology have access to and may be considered for treatment within a series of Phase I through Phase IV clinical trials and ongoing research that Texas Oncology doctors participate in through the company’s affiliation with US Oncology. US Oncology provides a range of oncology–related services nationally to physician groups.
History.
Founded in 1986 by several oncologists at Baylor University Medical Center (Dallas), Texas Oncology was established to provide and deliver sophisticated cancer care at the local – or community-based – level to patients in underserved rural and urban communities. The organization has grown to include a network of over 300 physicians at more than 100 offices in Texas, New Mexico, and Oklahoma.
Community-Based Approach.
Texas Oncology focuses on a community-based approach, which gives cancer patients in underserved rural or urban areas access to the level of care and treatment in their local communities that is generally associated with major academic or medical centers. Texas Oncology patients also have access to clinical trials in their local communities. More than 80 percent of all cancer treatment is delivered in an outpatient setting.
Specialty Programs and Related Practices at Texas Oncology.
Texas Oncology also has related practices with urology and breast specialties: These specialty practices within the Texas Oncology network focus on all areas related to breast and urologic care, including diagnostics, cancer treatment, and therapy.
Research.
In association with US Oncology, physicians at Texas Oncology conduct ongoing research and regularly participate in clinical trials for most types of cancers, including lung, colon, and breast. Texas Oncology was actively involved in developing 42 cancer therapies that were approved by the FDA. In 2009, more than 1,500 Texas Oncology patients participated in clinical trials, including those for prostate, breast, lung, and skin cancers. 
Texas Oncology specialists are actively involved in medical conferences and routinely share research at events, including the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting and San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium (SABCS) among others.
Locations.
Texas Oncology currently has more than 100 offices in Texas, southern New Mexico, and southeastern Oklahoma and serves both rural and urban areas. In Texas, there are Texas Oncology practices in primary metropolitan areas including Austin, Dallas/Fort Worth, and Houston as well as rural areas such as West Texas and the Texas Panhandle. The New Mexico practice is based in Las Cruces, and the Oklahoma location serves the Durant area.

</doc>
<doc id="31060351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060351" title="1999–2000 Valencia CF season">
1999–2000 Valencia CF season

During the 1999–2000 Spanish football season, Valencia competed in La Liga.
Season summary.
Valencia CF emerged as a world football heavyweight after reaching the Champions League final. New coach Héctor Cúper focused heavily on making the defence invincible, although, despite the general perception of a much more defensive Valencia, they actually conceded the same amount of league goals as they had under previous coach Claudio Ranieri. Among the key players were playmaker Gaizka Mendieta (voted as the best midfielder in the Champions League), fellow midfielder Gerard, goalkeeper Santiago Cañizares, winger Javier Farinós and striker Claudio López, who was sold to Lazio at the end of the season. Lazio had been Valencia's opponents in the quarter-final of the Champions League, which resulted in a 5-2 victory for Valencia against the eventual Italian champions. Gerard was also sold, to the team that had nurtured him, Barcelona, for £15 million. Barcelona had been Valencia's opponents in the semi-finals, and had been crushed 4-1 away. A 2-1 defeat at the Camp Nou still saw Valencia progress to the final at Stade de France, where they came up against Real Madrid in the first ever all-Spanish final of the competition. Valencia's dreams were shattered by a clear 3-0 defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="31060363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060363" title="History of Rochester">
History of Rochester

History of Rochester may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31060365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060365" title="Opéra de Lille">
Opéra de Lille

The Opéra de Lille is a neo-classical opera house, built from 1907 to 1913 and officially inaugurated in 1923.
In 1903 fire destroyed the previous Lille opera house, which had been designed by Lille architect Michael Joseph Lequeux and built in 1785. For the replacement city officials chose architect Louis Marie Cordonnier by competition. Cordonnier's Belle Époque design features an elaborate pediment relief by sculptor Hippolyte Lefèbvre, and two flanking bas-relief panels Alphonse-Amédée Cordonnier and Hector Lemaire. The interior includes work by sculptor Edgar-Henri Boutry. 
In July 1914, while not quite completed, the Germans occupied the city during World War I and commandeered much of the furniture and equipment of the Opéra to furnish the other opera in Lille, the Theatre Sebastopol. After four years of occupation, the building was restored and opened its doors again in 1923 for a rededication as the Grand Theatre and a "première française". 
In 1998 the theatre's physical condition required an emergency closure, in mid-season. Renovations evolved into a more ambitious project to improve the building's functional capabilities for the public and for performing artists. This project was complete in time for Lille's year as European Capital of Culture in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="31060370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060370" title="Konstantin Vershinin">
Konstantin Vershinin

Chief Marshal Konstantin Andreevich Vershinin (; 3 June 1900 - 30 December 1973) was commander of the Soviet Air Force from 1946 to 1949 and from 1957 to 1969. He was commander of the 4th Air Army in World War II, and for his actions, he was awarded the distinction of Hero of the Soviet Union in 1944. At the outbreak of the Bolshevik Revolution, he left his work in a sawmill to enter the Red Army. In 1929, he was summarily assigned to the Zhukovsky Air Force Academy located in Moscow.
In 1946 — Главнокомандующий Военно-воздушными силами — заместитель Ministry of Defence of the USSR. Руководил перевооружением ВВС на реактивную технику. Promoted to Маршал авиации (3 July 1946).
В сентябре 1949 года внезапно понижен в должности и назначен командующим войсками Бакинского округа ПВО. С июня 1953 года по май 1954 гг. — командующий войсками противовоздушной обороны страны. He served as Commander of the Soviet Air Force from января 1957 to 1969. [ — заместитель Министра обороны СССР.] Главный маршал авиации (8 мая 1959 г.). С марта 1969 года — в Группе генеральных инспекторов Министерства обороны СССР.
Член КПСС с 1919 г. Кандидат в члены ЦК КПСС в 1952—1956 г. Член ЦК КПСС с 1961 г. Депутат Верховного Совета СССР II (1946—1950), IV—VII (с 1954) созывов.
Жил в Москве. Скончался после тяжелой болезни 30 декабря 1973 года. Похоронен на Новодевичьем кладбище.

</doc>
<doc id="31060371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060371" title="Bogdanje">
Bogdanje

Bogdanje is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1055 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060373" title="Božurevac">
Božurevac

Božurevac is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 311 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060375" title="Bresno Polje">
Bresno Polje

Bresno Polje is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 725 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060376" title="Tim Alexander (disambiguation)">
Tim Alexander (disambiguation)

Tim Alexander (born 1965) is an American musician.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31060377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060377" title="Brezovica, Trstenik">
Brezovica, Trstenik

Brezovica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 636 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060378" title="Čairi">
Čairi

Čairi is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 469 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060384" title="Donja Crnišava">
Donja Crnišava

Donja Crnišava is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 410 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060396" title="Donja Omašnica">
Donja Omašnica

Donja Omašnica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 708 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060402" title="Donji Dubič">
Donji Dubič

Donji Dubič is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 182 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060406" title="Dublje (Trstenik)">
Dublje (Trstenik)

Dublje is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 492 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060408" title="Golubovac (Trstenik)">
Golubovac (Trstenik)

Golubovac is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 289 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060412" title="Gornja Crnišava">
Gornja Crnišava

Gornja Crnišava is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 430 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060416" title="Gornja Omašnica">
Gornja Omašnica

Gornja Omašnica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 665 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060417" title="Gornji Dubič">
Gornji Dubič

Gornji Dubič is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 109 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060421" title="Kenzo Suzuki (astronomer)">
Kenzo Suzuki (astronomer)

He is the discoverer of asteroid 3533 Toyota and it is named after his home town.
Asteroid 5526 Kenzo is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="31060423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060423" title="Grabovac (Trstenik)">
Grabovac (Trstenik)

Grabovac is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 125 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060429" title="Jasikovica">
Jasikovica

Jasikovica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 670 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060431" title="Kamenjača">
Kamenjača

Kamenjača is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 373 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060436" title="Levići">
Levići

Levići is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 152 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060440" title="Loboder">
Loboder

Loboder is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 53 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060442" title="Lopaš (Trstenik)">
Lopaš (Trstenik)

Lopaš is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 800 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060446" title="Lozna (Trstenik)">
Lozna (Trstenik)

Lozna is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 380 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060448" title="Mala Drenova">
Mala Drenova

Mala Drenova is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 735 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060452" title="John Austen (disambiguation)">
John Austen (disambiguation)

John Austen (1886–1948) was an English book illustrator.
John Austen is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31060453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060453" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Kleberg County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kleberg County, Texas

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Kleberg County, Texas.
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Kleberg County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
There are 6 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="31060455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060455" title="Foozia">
Foozia

Foozia was a genus of vascular Emsian (Lower Devonian) land plant with a main axis and a number of branches that sub-divide at most once. Some of these bear oval to semicircular sporangia containing "Dibolisporites echinaceus", whereas the sterile branches may represent an early foray into leaf-formation. The only known fossils herald from Belgium.
It is currently unclassified.

</doc>
<doc id="31060456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060456" title="Mala Sugubina">
Mala Sugubina

Mala Sugubina is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 333 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060464" title="Medveđa (Trstenik)">
Medveđa (Trstenik)

Medveđa is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 2694 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060468" title="Mijajlovac">
Mijajlovac

Mijajlovac is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 548 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060472" title="Milutovac">
Milutovac

Milutovac is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1917 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060477" title="Forgesia">
Forgesia

Forgesia is a genus of flowering plant in the Escalloniaceae family. The genus has one accepted species, "Forgesia racemosa". 

</doc>
<doc id="31060479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060479" title="Odžaci (Trstenik)">
Odžaci (Trstenik)

Odžaci is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1562 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060480" title="Rochester Oral History Archive">
Rochester Oral History Archive

The Rochester Oral History Archive (ROHA) Project is based in Rochester, Michigan. ROHA's goal is to collect memories about the city of Rochester and compile them in a publicly accessible, digital format. The project benefits not only residents of Rochester but also non-residents who are interested in the city’s history.
ROHA is funded by grants from both the Meadow Brook Writing Project, part of the National Writing Project, and Building the Civic ‘Net, an initiative that gives grants to projects that find creative ways to engage in civic culture using the internet.
Residents of Rochester aged 55 and older are invited to share their memories via digital recording sessions at collection events or privately scheduled interviews. Researchers use a provided list of prompts to interview residents, whose memories are recorded in mp3 format and donated to the Rochester Oral History Archive. ROHA then uploads these files to the project website where they can be accessed by the general public.
First year composition students at Oakland University have the opportunity to participate as interviewers.

</doc>
<doc id="31060481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060481" title="National Cycle Route 15">
National Cycle Route 15

National Cycle Route 15 is part of the National Cycle Network in the East Midlands which, when complete, will run from National Cycle Route 1 near Tattershall in Lincolnshire to Castle Donington in Derbyshire via Sleaford, Grantham, and Nottingham.
Route.
The route is currently opened in a small number of locations and covers a range of roads, cycle paths, and shared use paths.
Wilford to Bingham.
Wilford | West Bridgford | Radcliffe-on-Trent
From the Wilford Toll Bridge the route follows the River Trent past Trent Bridge before joining lightly trafficked roads between Lady Bay and Radcliffe-on-Trent via the Holme Pierrepont National Watersports Centre.
From Radcliffe-on-Trent to Saxondale the route continues alongside the A52, before continuing alongside the former A52 through Saxondale itself then crossing the duelled A46 on bridleway bridge opened in 2012.
Between Gamston and Radcliffe-on-Trent the route remains signed along its former alignment on the shared use paths adjacent to the A52.
Bingham to Bottesford.
Bingham | Whatton | Aslockton | Orston | Bottesford
This section runs from the A46 Fosse Way on cycle lanes and shared use paths through Bingham and along the A52 to Whatton where it leaves the A52 and runs on lightly trafficked roads through to Bottesford - for half the route between Aslockton and Orston it shared the road with National Cycle Route 64.
Muston to Grantham.
Muston | Grantham
This sections runs along the Grantham Canal towpath.

</doc>
<doc id="31060482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060482" title="Anglo-Saxon multiple estate">
Anglo-Saxon multiple estate

An Anglo-Saxon multiple estate was a large landholding controlled from a central location with surrounding subsidiary settlements. These estates were present in the early Anglo-Saxon period, but fragmented into smaller units in the late Anglo-Saxon period. Despite some academic criticism, the concept has been widely used and a large number of possible examples have been proposed.
Definition.
The concept of an Anglo-Saxon multiple estate was developed by Professor Glanville Jones of Leeds University. The idea originally appeared in a paper published in 1961 and was fleshed out in a 1976 book on medieval settlement. The term "great estate" is sometimes used as an alternative to multiple estate". These estates typically contained various features:
The specialised settlements, dependent on the caput, often took their name from the crop they produced - Cheswick (cheese wick), Berwick (barley farm), etc. The caput has been variously described as a villa regalis, aula, mansio or maerdref. Specialisation may have been encouraged by "renders" - taxation in kind - paid to the king.
These estates may have been based around a royal vill and may have been coterminous with the parochia of an early minster church.
Chronology.
The origin of some of these estates has been traced back to Roman times or earlier - for example, Finberg proposed a Roman origin for Withington, Gloucestershire, while Glanville Jones himself suggested a pre-Roman origin for some estates These multiple estates were a common feature in the English landscape before the 10th century and were usually owned by the king or an important monastery. In the late Anglo-Saxon period, many of these large estates fragmented into smaller units which eventually became independent parishes. The resultant parishes frequently share the same name differentiated by a suffix or prefix. The fragmentation of these estates resulted in the diminishing importance of their minster churches which (under the "minster hypothesis") had been the basis of early Christian church organisation.
Academic status.
The concept has been criticised - for example because the evidence used is often much later than the date of the proposed estate. Nonetheless, the concept is widely used and a large number of possible examples have been proposed.

</doc>
<doc id="31060483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060483" title="Okruglica (Trstenik)">
Okruglica (Trstenik)

Okruglica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 261 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060485" title="Dead Heart Bloom">
Dead Heart Bloom

Dead Heart Bloom is an ambient rock band currently based in New York City. Members include singer and bassist Boris Skalsky, guitarist Paul Wood and drummer Jason Molina. Both Skalsky and Wood were prior members of acclaimed Washington, D.C. newgaze rock outfit Phaser and Molina a former member of New York band Longwave. In 2011 Skalsky and Wood were also touring members of the band Skysaw, the project of former The Smashing Pumpkins drummer Jimmy Chamberlin.
Dead Heart Bloom music has been used in a number of soundtracks. In 2011, their song "Someday Soon Our Time Will Come" was used in the independent film "Friends with Kids".
In 2013 and 2014 the band released a series of EPs produced by Anthony Molina of Mercury Rev.

</doc>
<doc id="31060486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060486" title="Osaonica (Trstenik)">
Osaonica (Trstenik)

Osaonica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 37 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060487" title="Pajsak">
Pajsak

Pajsak is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 84 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060496" title="Planinica (Trstenik)">
Planinica (Trstenik)

Planinica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 198 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060497" title="Tordera (river)">
Tordera (river)

The river Tordera (Catalan: "La Tordera") is a river of Catalonia (Spain).
The river is 55 km long and has its source at Montseny massif, and its mouth in the Mediterranean Sea, and an average discharge of 5.01 m³/s.
Its main tributaries are the Riera de Gualba, Riera de Arbúcies, Riera de Santa Coloma and the Riera de Valmanya and it runs through the Parc Natural del Montseny and the Parc Natural del Montnegre i el Corredor.

</doc>
<doc id="31060499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060499" title="Počekovina">
Počekovina

Počekovina is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 838 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060501" title="Poljna">
Poljna

Poljna is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1214 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060504" title="Weak in the Presence of Beauty (album)">
Weak in the Presence of Beauty (album)

Weak in the Presence of Beauty was the second and last album by English sophisti-pop band Floy Joy. It was released in 1986, and featured the minor hit, "Weak in the Presence of Beauty".
Unlike the previous album which featured Carroll Thompson on vocals, this album instead featured vocals from Desi Campbell, whilst both original member Michael Ward and new member Robert E. Clarke performed and wrote the music.
"Friday Night" was also released as a single but was a commercial failure. The band split shortly after the album although in 1990, both Campbell and Shaun Ward would form the band Everyday People.
Shaun Ward spoke of the album in 1990, during an interview with his band Everyday People. He stated ""The first Floy Joy album was an anthology of R&B, jazz... all the things we’d grown up listening to and absorbed. Though we liked it, we came to realize that maybe it was a bit too personal. So that’s why the second album is more direct and commercial. Unfortunately when we did that no one wanted to know.""
Track listing.
All tracks written by Michael Ward and Robert E. Clarke except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="31060505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060505" title="Jakub Krupa">
Jakub Krupa

Jakub Krupa (born June 19, 1985) is a Czech handball
player, currently playing for HT Tatran Prešov in the Slovak Extraliga.
He also plays for the Czech national handball team.
He also played for HC Gumárny Zubří.

</doc>
<doc id="31060507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060507" title="Popina (Trstenik)">
Popina (Trstenik)

Popina is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 384 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060510" title="Prnjavor (Trstenik)">
Prnjavor (Trstenik)

Prnjavor is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 318 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060512" title="C/2000 W1">
C/2000 W1

C/2000 W1 (Utsunomiya-Jones) is a long-period comet discovered on November 18, 2000, by Syogo Utsunomiya and Albert F. A. L. Jones.
The comet has an observation arc of 58 days allowing a reasonable estimate of the orbit. But the near-parabolic trajectory with an osculating perihelion eccentricity of 0.9999996 generates an extreme unperturbed aphelion distance of 2,034,048 AU (32 light-years). The orbit of a long-period comet is properly obtained when the osculating orbit is computed at an epoch after leaving the planetary region and is calculated with respect to the center of mass of the solar system. Using JPL Horizons, the barycentric orbital elements for epoch 2020-Jan-01 generate a semi-major axis of 832 AU, an aphelion distance of 1660 AU, and a period of approximately 24,000 years.
C/2000 W1 disappeared in February 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31060513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060513" title="Rajinac">
Rajinac

Rajinac is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 233 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060517" title="Riđevštica">
Riđevštica

Riđevštica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 515 people.
The Veluće Monastery, located between Veluće and Riđevštica, dedicated to the Mother of God ("Bogorodica"), was built in ca. 1377, founded by an unknown noble family that served Prince Lazar of Serbia and most likely perished in the Battle of Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="31060518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060518" title="Dominick Sarsfield, 1st Viscount Sarsfield">
Dominick Sarsfield, 1st Viscount Sarsfield

Dominick Sarsfield, 1st Viscount Sarsfield of Kilmallock (c. 15701636) was an Irish peer and judge who became Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas, but was removed from office for corruption and died in disgrace.
Early history.
Dominick Sarsfield was born in Cork, third son of Edmund Sarsfield, an alderman of the city. Little is known of his first wife other than her name, Joan Terry. His second wife was Anne Bagenal, daughter of Sir Nicholas Bagenal, sister of Henry Bagenal and widow of Dudley Loftus, son of the Archbishop of Dublin. Dominick entered Middle Temple in 1593, and returned to Ireland to practice at the Bar before 1600. He was appointed Attorney General for Munster in 1600 and Chief Justice of Munster in 1604/5. In 1607 he was appointed a judge of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland and Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas in 1612. He was made the first Irish baronet in 1619 and ennobled in 1625. He chose the title Viscount Kinsale but became embroiled in a bitter dispute with the de Courcy family, who already had a barony of that name, eventually agreeing to adopt Kilmallock instead. On the basis of his rank, he claimed precedence over the Lord Chief Justice of Ireland, Sir George Shurley, to the latter's fury: Shurley complained that no such insult had ever been offered to one in his position. His main residence was Carrigleamleary Castle near Mallow, of which only ruins now remain.
Despite his acquisition of titles and offices, Sarsfield was always a controversial character. He was summoned to the Privy Council in 1615 to answer certain charges, although he cleared himself at that time. He was accused of permitting his eldest son to become a Roman Catholic in 1628, and of treason in 1631. Two years later his career was destroyed by the re-opening of the Bushen case from 1625.
Case of Philip Bushen.
Philip Bushen, a farmer of Grangemellon, County Kildare, was charged with the murder of his wife, Grace, in 1620. He was originally from Devon and was about eighty years old in 1625. Grace's death had generally been accepted as natural—the evidence of murder was thin, and Bushen in his defence pointed out that his main accuser was a bitter personal enemy. That there was widespread doubt about his guilt seems clear—two grand juries refused to indict him. The choice of Sarsfield, who normally went on the Connaught assize to go on the Leinster assize instead, was later thought to be suspicious, but in fact there was a good reason: the Bushen case was to be heard in the Irish language and Sarsfield was the only senior judge who spoke fluent Irish.
Sarsfield's actual conduct of the trial however was remarkable even in an age when judicial bullying of juries and witnesses was not uncommon. The Star Chamber later accepted that he had heard the case in private, refused to hear Bushen in his own defence or witnesses on his behalf, and intimidated the jury by telling them that a certain "great man" had an interest in the verdict. When one juror held out for acquittal, he urged the others to beat him into submission. The most serious accusation, however, was that Sarsfield had agreed with Sir Henry Bellings, High Sheriff of Kildare that Bushen's property would be forfeited and shared between them, and the Star Chamber seems to have accepted this charge as proven.
Downfall.
Bushen was found guilty and hanged. The case aroused some comment, but it did not become a major issue until 1633, when opponents of the Lord Deputy of Ireland, Falkland, persuaded Bushen's son to accuse Falkland himself of complicity in the plot to seize his father's lands (the implication being that Falkland was the "great man" with whom Sarsfield had threatened the jury). This was a serious mistake: Falkland sued his accusers for libel before the Star Chamber, which exonerated him, censured Bushen and his co-accusers, and imposed a heavy fine. While the Star Chamber found that there was no case against Falkland, the evidence against Sarsfield was so strong that the Court could not overlook it and in the same proceedings the chamber found him guilty of corruption. Coventry, the Lord Keeper said: "Justice should be done in open court before the face of the world, and mens lives not to be taken away in private chamber... and I do verily persuade myself that Bushen died innocently."
At a second hearing on 20 November 1633, Sarsfield was once more found guilty of corruption, deprived of office, fined £5000, ordered to pay £2000 to Bushen's family, and imprisoned in the Fleet. He died in deep disgrace in 1636, and was buried in Cork. His eldest son William (died 1648) succeeded as second Viscount. His daughter Catherine married Sir John Meade the elder and was grandmother of the prominent politician Sir John Meade, 1st Baronet.
Assessment.
Elrington Ball accepts that Sarsfield was not a judge of the first rank and that his conduct of the Bushen case was improper. However he doubts whether Sarsfield was guilty of the more serious charges, arguing that no judge would risk his career in hope of a small profit, that Sarsfield always took a strong line with troublesome juries and that he may well have believed Bushen guilty. Wedgwood, on the other hand, accepts that Sarsfield was motivated by greed and argues that his conduct was part of a wider problem of judicial corruption. Crawford also accepts that Sarsfield hoped to gain Bushen's estate for himself, and that such behaviour was only to be expected from a judge who attracted accusations of corruption throughout his career.

</doc>
<doc id="31060520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060520" title="Riljac">
Riljac

Riljac is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 730 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060523" title="Rujišnik">
Rujišnik

Rujišnik is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 559 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060524" title="Selište (Trstenik)">
Selište (Trstenik)

Selište is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 928 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060527" title="Stari Trstenik">
Stari Trstenik

Stari Trstenik is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 733 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060528" title="Gosferia">
Gosferia

Gosferia was a genus of Early Devonian Zosterophyllopsid with curved axes and renal sporangia. It is known from Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="31060530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060530" title="Stopanja">
Stopanja

Stopanja is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1325 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060533" title="Stragari (Trstenik)">
Stragari (Trstenik)

Stragari is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 664 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060534" title="LVRC Holdings v. Brekka">
LVRC Holdings v. Brekka

LVRC Holdings v. Brekka is an ongoing lawsuit in the U.S. federal courts that deals with the scope of the concept of "authorization" in the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. Specifically, it considers the ability of employees to access and use company data for their own purposes. A district court came to the conclusion that what was legal or illegal for employees to do was decided chiefly by the access policies put in place by the employer, not just federal or state law. 
It has been upheld by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Since it adopted a narrower standard for authorization than the Seventh Circuit did in a similar case, it is likely to be heard by the Supreme Court in the future.
Factual background.
LVRC Holdings, LLC (LVRC) operated an addiction treatment center in Nevada. In April 2003, LVRC hired Christopher Brekka. Part of his duties included interacting with LVRC's email provider (Load, Inc.) and conducting Internet marketing programs. When Brekka was hired, he owned and operated EBSN and EBSF, two consulting businesses that provided referrals of potential patients to rehabilitation facilities. LVRC's owner was aware of Brekka's businesses.
During his time at LVRC, Brekka commuted between his home state, Florida, and Nevada, where LVRC and his first business were located. His second business is based in Florida. Brekka was assigned a computer at LVRC headquarters. Because of this frequent commute between Florida and Nevada, he emailed documents he obtained or created for his work at LVRC to his own personal computer. LVRC and Brekka had no written employment agreement. LVRC had no internal policy which would prohibit the transfer of LVRC documents to personal computers.
In June 2003, he emailed the administrative password for the LVRC's email system to his personal account. In August 2003, Brekka and LVRC began discussions regarding the possibilities of Brekka investing in an ownership interest in LVRC. At the end of the month, Brekka emailed to his wife and himself a number of documents including a financial statement for the company, LVRC's marketing budget, and admission reports for patients. On September 4, 2003, he emailed a master admission report containing the names of all the past and current patients at LVRC.
The negotiation regarding Brekka's investment in LVRC broke down mid-September 2003. He stopped working for LVRC and left his LVRC computer at the company as is, without deleting any emails.
On November 2004, LVRC noticed that someone was accessing its website using Brekka's login. LVRC then sued Brekka in federal court, alleging that he violated the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) when he emailed LVRC's documents to himself.
Court proceedings.
District court.
In its complaint, LVRC claimed that Brekka violated the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA), which punishes intentional access, without authorization, to a computer to obtain information, violating 18 U.S.C. §§ 1030(a)(2) and (a)(4). To prevail, LVRC had to show that Brekka acted without authorization or exceed its authorization. The federal district court held that Brekka had authorization when he accessed LVRC's computer to transfer documents, and that there was no evidence that Brekka agreed to keep LVRC documents confidential or to return or destroy them. Finally, the district court concluded that LVRC was unable to provide evidence that Brekka logged into the LVRC website after Brekka's contract was terminated.
The Nevada district court granted summary judgment in favor of Brekka; LVRC contested both rulings in its appeal.
Court of appeals.
LVRC argued that Brekka transferred documents to his computer to further his own interests rather than LVRC's and that such access was "without authorization". The Ninth Circuit found that plain language of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act provided no support for such interpretation, a holding inconsistent with the reasoning of the Seventh Circuit in "International Airport Centers, L.L.C. v. Citrin". More precisely, the Ninth Circuit held that "authorization" depends on "actions taken by the employer" and is orthogonal to the loyalty or duties of the employee (Brekka).
The Ninth Circuit affirmed the ruling of the district court.
Consequences.
The Ninth Circuit interpretation of "authorization" is significantly narrower than the Seventh Circuit's. Given the split between the two high courts, it is likely that the Supreme Court will eventually address the issue. LVRC did not appeal this case further, and no reconciliation is expected in the near future.
The CFAA has been used to sue employees who have used a computer for unlawful ends. After the Ninth Circuit ruling, it will be more difficult for such cases to succeed based on the CFAA alone. For companies, this ruling highlights the importance of disabling ex-employees' accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="31060535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060535" title="Stublca">
Stublca

Stublca is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 210 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060539" title="Tobolac">
Tobolac

Tobolac is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 485 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060542" title="Ugljarevo">
Ugljarevo

Ugljarevo is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 478 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060545" title="Bernardo Gandulla">
Bernardo Gandulla

Bernardo José Gandulla, better known as Bernardo Gandulla (March 1, 1916 – July 7, 1999), was an Argentine football forward and head coach. He died in Buenos Aires from respiratory problems.
Career.
Playing career.
Born in Buenos Aires, Bernardo Gandulla defended Ferro Carril Oeste from 1934 to 1939. He moved to Brazilian club Vasco in 1939, but played few games for the team. Gandulla returned to Argentina in 1940 to play for Boca Juniors. He played 57 Argentine Primera División games and scored 26 goals for the club, winning the competition in 1940 and in 1943. He returned to Ferro Carril Oeste in 1944, leaving the club in 1946. Gandulla played for Atlanta from 1947 to 1948.
Coaching career.
Gandulla was Defensores de Belgrano's head coach in 1953, winning the Primera División C in that season. He was Boca Juniors' head coach from 1957 to 1958.
Ball boy.
He is well known in Brazil as his surname originated the term used in the country for ball boy, which is gandula. Gandulla was part of Vasco's squad, but as he spent most of his time on the bench, he retrieved the balls during the games of his club.

</doc>
<doc id="31060548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060548" title="Veluće">
Veluće

Veluće is a village in the Trstenik municipality, central Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 417 people. The medieval town of Srebrnica existed at least in the territory of modern cadastral areas of Veluće and Riđevštica.
The Veluće Monastery, located between Veluće and Riđevštica, dedicated to the Mother of God ("Bogorodica"), was built in ca. 1377, founded by an unknown noble family that served Prince Lazar of Serbia and most likely perished in the Battle of Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="31060553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060553" title="Bačina">
Bačina

Bačina is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 2381 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060557" title="Bošnjane (Varvarin)">
Bošnjane (Varvarin)

Bošnjane is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1963 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060559" title="Cernica (Varvarin)">
Cernica (Varvarin)

Cernica is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 275 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060563" title="Donji Katun">
Donji Katun

Donji Katun is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1012 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060565" title="Donji Krčin">
Donji Krčin

Donji Krčin is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 351 people; the population further decreased to 274 people according to the 2011 census.

</doc>
<doc id="31060570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060570" title="Gornji Katun">
Gornji Katun

Gornji Katun is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1468 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060572" title="Common Wealth Party election results">
Common Wealth Party election results

This article lists the Common Wealth Party's election results in UK parliamentary elections.

</doc>
<doc id="31060573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060573" title="St. Mary's Peninsula">
St. Mary's Peninsula

St. Mary's Peninsula is part of the Western Shore region of Maryland. From the Charles County line, just north of Charlotte Hall, Maryland, to the southern tip of St. Mary's County at Point Lookout State Park, St. Mary's Peninsula stretches about bordered by the Potomac river, mostly to the East and the Patuxent River to the North and West for much of that distance; and then at its Southern end, reaching Southward into the Chesapeake Bay. From the end of these two rivers, the peninsula has about 15 miles of shoreline along the Bay's western shore from Lexington Park, Maryland to Point Lookout. 
Conterminous with the boundaries of St. Mary's County, the peninsula covers a land area of . 
Northeast of St. Mary's Peninsula, on the opposite side of the Patuxent River, is the smaller Calvert Peninsula. Like St. Mary's Peninsula, Calvert Peninsula also has boundaries conterminous with a single Maryland county.
Ecology.
St. Mary's Peninsula is largely defined ecologically by the Chesapeake Bay and its tributary rivers, which are also tidal. There are also some freshwater streams and a few runs of freshwater rivers above tidal zones. It also has many freshwater ponds and lakes. 
Its land is characterized by forests, farms and developed areas; many clay-rich hills, waterfront cliffs and ridges, and also many estuarine brackish water lowland marsh areas with extensive creeks and coves as well. It is home to whitetail deer, coyotes and many other typical Eastern woodland animal and plant species. Its forests are a mixture of deciduous trees and pine typical of the Mid-Atlantic region of the Eastern seaboard of the United States. 
The waters of the Chesapeake Bay and its tributaries have been considered to be one of the most diverse and productive estuaries in the world but have, in recent decades, come under tremendous stress from overfishing, shoreline development and pollution.
Climate.
In spite of having four full-fledged seasons, due to its often hot summers St. Mary's county lies within the Humid subtropical climate zone, surrounded on three sides by bodies of water, including the Potomac river, the Patuxent River and the Chesapeake Bay.. Although considered "subtropical" due to its summer climate, it does however have a real fall and a real winter.
Summers are hot and humid, with frequent afternoon thunderstorms. Occasionally, small tornadoes come through the county but major damage is uncommon. On rare occasions there have been larger, more destructive tornadoes. The area is prone to tropical storms during a relatively short hurricane season, especially in late August and September, which bring high winds and torrential rains. The county does not usually suffer direct hits from hurricanes, however there have been two major exceptions in the last 30 years - Hurricane Gloria came directly up the Chesapeake Bay in 1985 and another hurricane (name?) did as well in the 1990s. On such occasions storm surges and flooding can be a concern in low-lying areas near the water. However SSt. Mary's has many waterfront bluffs, cliffs, hills and ridges that protect a lot of the county from this. Some areas are however flood-prone.
St. Mary's has a colorful fall and a real winter. Winters are on average cool to mild but with intervening periods of much more intense cold, and with occasional blizzards more characteristic of northern regions. St. Mary's has ample rainfall as well.
Administration.
For political purposes, including management of resources, St. Mary's Peninsula matches the exact same area as St. Mary's County, Maryland. It is also a part of the State of Maryland in the United States of America.
History.
Archeological evidence shows that St. Mary's has had human habitation for more than 10,000 years. The Piscatway Indian Nation was already present on the Peninsula when European settlers first arrived.The nation now has three distinct branches, all of which have descendents still living in the county and one of these branches also has its headquarters in the county. 
The St. Mary's Peninsula was the site of the first Maryland Colony and was the fourth permanent colonial settlement in North America. Consequently its history from that perspective goes back more than 380 years to the 1630s. Many of the descendents of this period, and also descendents of later immigrants to the area as well as former slave populations from the antebellum period also still live on the peninsula. 
A large military base, Patuxent River Naval Air Station and a major College, St. Mary's College of Maryland also have added residents to the area in the last 50 years. The Northern area of the peninsula is also rapidly developing as an outer suburb for Washington D.C. commuters. 
To learn more, see the St. Mary's City, Maryland article for much more historical detail as well as the St. Mary's County article with a list of notable residents of St. Mary's County, past and present.

</doc>
<doc id="31060575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060575" title="Gornji Krčin">
Gornji Krčin

Gornji Krčin is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 243 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060580" title="Izbenica">
Izbenica

Izbenica is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 531 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060585" title="Marstonia comalensis">
Marstonia comalensis

Marstonia comalensis is a species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. It is found in south central Texas, USA.
"Marstonia comalensis" is large for this genus. It has an ovate-conic, openly umbilicate shell. The penis has a short filament and oblique, squarish lobe bearing a narrow gland along its distal edge. It is well differentiated morphologically from other congeners that have similar shells and penes, and is also genetically divergent relative to those congeners that have been sequenced (mtCOI divergence 3.0–8.5%).
This species has often been confused with "Cincinnatia integra".
Taxonomy.
In 1906, Henry Augustus Pilsbry and James Ferriss described this species under the name "Amnicola comalensis" based on six shells from Comal Creek and the Guadalupe River near New Braunfels, south-central Texas. Pilsbry and Ferriss differentiated this species from "Amnicola limosa" (Say) and two nomina ("Amnicola cincinnatiensis" "Amnicola peracuta" Pilsbry & Walker) that are currently recognized as synonyms of "Cincinnatia integra" (Say) by its much smaller size and noted that it further differed from the latter by its less shouldered whorls. The genus "Amnicola" was used at that time as "a catch-all for most American amnicoloid species that could not conveniently be placed elsewhere on the basis of their shells". "Amnicola comalensis" was not further treated taxonomically until Taylor (1975) transferred it to "Cincinnatia" without comment in a bibliographic compilation; this allocation was widely followed in the subsequent literature. During the course of a revisionary study of "Cincinnatia integra", Hershler and Thompson (1996) examined several alcohol preserved collections of a snail that they identified as "Amnicola comalensis" and noted that it closely resembled species of "Marstonia" (which were then placed in "Pyrgulopsis"); "Amnicola comalensis" was subsequently transferred to "Marstonia" based on this unpublished work. Hershler et al. (2003) published a molecular phylogenetic analysis of the North American nymphophilines that included a specimen of "Marstonia comalensis" from Old Faithful Spring in Real County, Texas (ca. 180 km from the type locality), which was depicted as nested within the "Marstonia" clade. This was the only published record for "Marstonia comalensis" subsequent to its original description. Hershler & Liu (2011) redescribed "Marstonia comalensis" based on study of a large series of dry shell and alcohol-preserved material, most of which was collected by malacologists J. J. Landye and D. W. Taylor from 1971–1993, and provided anatomical evidence supporting its current generic allocation.
Distribution.
The type locality is Comal Creek, near New Braunfels, Comal County, Texas. The original collections of "Marstonia comalensis" are worn shells having the appearance of drift material. It is possible that "Marstonia comalensis" became extinct at Comal Springs when
this water body temporarily dried in 1964; it is also possible that the shells of this species which have been found at this site were washed downflow from extant populations in the headwaters of the Guadalupe River.
Records published by Hershler & Liu (2011) considerably expanded the geographic range of "Marstinia comalensis", which lives in springs and fluvial habitats spread among four river basins in south-central Texas. Almost all of these localities are on the Edwards Plateau. Records indicate that "Marstonia comalensis" was historically distributed in the upper portions of the Brazos River, Colorado River (Texas), Guadalupe River (Texas) and Nueces River basins, south-central Texas. The species has been live collected at only 12 localities and only two of these have been re-visited since 1993.
Hershler & Liu (2011) were unable to confirm a previous report by Cable & Isserhoff (1969) of this species from a drainage canal near Galveston Bay.
Hershler & Liu (2011) also analyzed previously published molecular data to evaluate the genetic divergence and phylogenetic relationships of "Marstonia comalensis", whose geographic range is broadly disjunct relative to other members of the genus.
Shell description.
The shell is ovate-conic with 4.5–5.5 whorls. The height of the shell is about 2.6–4.6 mm. Protoconch is near planispiral, slightly tilted, initial 0.75–1.0 whorl strongly wrinkled. Teleoconch whorls are weakly convex, often narrowly shouldered, rarely having subsutural angulation. The sculpture of strong collabral growth lines, later whorls having numerous weak spiral striae. The aperture is pyriform or ovate. Inner lip complete across parietal wall in larger specimens, usually narrowly adnate, rarely slightly disjunct; usually thin, sometimes slightly thickened apically; columellar shelf absent or very narrow; outer lip thin or slightly thickened, orthocline or prosocline. Umbilicus is open but small.
The operculum is thin, amber, narrowly ovate, multispiral with eccentric nucleus. The last 0.25 whorl is sometimes frilled on outer side; inner side having well developed rim near outer edge. The attachment scar border is sometimes weakly thickened near the nucleus.
Anatomy.
The cephalic tentacles are pale, except for black eyespots. Snout is brown, distal lips are pale and foot is pale. Pallial roof has black pigment bands along edges of ctenidium and dorsal edge of genital duct; visceral coil pale except for black pigment on testis. Ctenidium is positioned a little in front of pericardium. There are 24-25 ctenidial filaments, that are broadly triangular with lateral surfaces ridged. Osphradium is narrow, positioned slightly posterior to middle of ctenidium.
Radula has about 36 well-formed rows of teeth. Central teeth are about 38 μm wide with convex cutting edge. There are 3-8 lateral cusps. Central cusp are pointed or hoe-shaped, parallel-sided proximally or tapering throughout. There are 1-3 small basal cusps. Basal tongue is U- or V-shaped, about as long as lateral margins. Lateral tooth face is rectangular. Central cusp is pointed or hoe-shaped. There are 2-5 lateral cusps (inner) and 3-7 (outer). Outer wing is broad, flexed, with about 140% length of cutting edge. Basal tongue weakly is developed. Inner and outer marginal teeth both have 14-21 cusps and basally positioned rectangular wing.
Hypobranchial gland is large, overlapping rectum and part of genital duct, thickened alongside kidney. Style sac is longer than remaining portion of stomach, posterior stomach have small caecal appendix.
Reproductive system: Testis is large (1.75 whorls), composed of compound lobes, broadly overlapping stomach anteriorly. Seminal vesicle is opening near anterior edge of testis, composed of a few thickened coils, positioned along ventral side of anterior 33% of testis. Prostate gland is small, pea-shaped, with about 50% of length in pallial roof. Anterior vas deferens opening from antero-ventral edge of prostate gland, section of duct on columellar muscle straight. Penis is large, base rectangular, inner edge without folds. Penial filament is short, narrow, tapering, oblique. Lobe is rather medium-sized, squarish, oblique. Terminal gland is narrow, usually transversely positioned along outer edge of lobe, less frequently horizontal, sometimes borne on short stalk. Penial duct is narrow, near outer edge, almost straight. Penial filament has black internal pigment core along most of length.
Ovary is small (0.75 whorl), composed of simple, stalked lobes. It is slightly overlapping stomach anteriorly. Female glandular oviduct and associated structures are as follows: Coiled oviduct is narrow, vertical. Bursa copulatrix is small, ovate, horizontal, about 50% overlapped by albumen gland. Bursal duct is longer than bursa, narrow, opening from distal edge, partly embedded in albumen gland proximally, entirely embedded distally, junction with common duct well in front of posterior wall of pallial cavity. Seminal receptacle is small, pouch-like, positioned near ventral edge of albumen gland slightly anterior to bursa copulatrix. Albumen gland is largely visceral. Capsule gland composed of two distinct tissue sections. Genital aperture a terminal slit.
Similar species.
"Marstonia comalensis" has a closely similar shell and penis to some of its congeners, but can be differentiated from them in these ways: 
It can be distinguished from "Marstonia gaddisorum" by its less convex shell whorls, distinctive pallial roof pigmentation, larger number of cusps on the inner side of the lateral teeth and on the outer marginal teeth, larger penial lobe, narrower terminal gland, and smaller overlap of the bursa copulatrix by the albumen gland.
If differs from "Marstonia lustrica" by its smaller prostate gland, smaller penial lobe, narrower penial filament, straight anterior vas deferens, partly imbedded (in albumen gland) bursal duct, and larger seminal receptacle.
It differs from "Marstonia ogmorhaphe" by its smaller size, broader shell, smaller prostate gland, straight anterior vas deferens, and smaller bursa copulatrix.
Habitat.
"Marstonia comalensis" lives in cold water springs near their sources, and slack water riverine habitats. It has been most commonly found on mud, aquatic vegetation and dead leaves.
Conservation.
This species was included in a recent federal listing petition (2007) based on its critically imperiled (G1) NatureServe (2009) ranking, but found not to warrant listing owing to insufficient information. The data by Hershler & Liu (2011) suggest that the conservation status of this snail needs to be re-assessed.
References.
This article incorporates CC-BY-3.0 text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="31060587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060587" title="Keesaragutta Temple">
Keesaragutta Temple

Keesaragutta Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Siva and his consorts Bhavani and Sivadurga at Keesaragutta in Rangareddy district. It is about 40 km from Hyderabad and 10 km from ECIL. It is located on a small hillock. The temple draws thousands of devotees on Shivaratri.
Legend.
Legend has it that Sri Rama installed the Siva lingam here to atone for the sin of killing Ravana, a Brahman. He selected this beautiful valley surrounded by hills and verdant greenery for the purpose and ordered Hanuman to bring a Sivlingam from Varanasi. Hanuman was late in arriving with the Siva lingam and as the auspicious hour was nearing, Lord Siva himself appeared before Sri Rama and presented a Sivilingam for installation. Hence the lingam in the temple is called Swayambhu Linga. It is also called Ramalingeswara as lord Sri Rama had installed the lingam. 
Hanuman returned with 101 lingams for selection from Varanasi and felt aggrieved at not having his lingam installed. Hence he threw them all over the area. Even to this day several lingams are found scattered all over the place outside the temple.
To mollify Hanuman, Sri Rama ordained that precedence would be given to him for worship at the temple. He also said that the hillock where the lingam was installed would bear his name kesarigiri i.e., Hanuman, the son of Kesari. Over a period of time, it has colloquially transformed and is now known as Keesara and the hill as Keesaragutta. Ever since, the rituals follow the command of Sri Rama.
Archaeological Excavations.
Exploration and Excavations were conducted by the archaeological department in the surroundings of Keesaragutta Temple. Many Remnants of Brick structures and Shiva Lingas were found on the Hill north of the temple and a slopy Hillock near the water resource. The remnants belonged to Vishnukundin Empire reign. Fortification walls, Yaga shala and Prayer hall's were excavated here. Some Vestige remnants and rock cut cisterns were found on the hills as an indication of Jainism and Buddhism Flourished contemporarily.
References.
List of Hindu temples in India

</doc>
<doc id="31060594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060594" title="2009 Ball Hockey World Championship">
2009 Ball Hockey World Championship

The 2009 Ball Hockey World Championship was the eighth ball hockey world championship held by ISBHF in Plzen, Czech Republic.
Czech Republic won their second title.

</doc>
<doc id="31060595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060595" title="The Union (2011 film)">
The Union (2011 film)

The Union is a 2011 documentary film by Cameron Crowe exploring the creative process of musician Elton John and the making of 2010 album "The Union".
Synopsis.
In November 2009, filmmaker Cameron Crowe began filming a behind-the-scenes look at the creation of the album "The Union", a collaboration between musicians Elton John and Leon Russell, who hadn't spoken to one another in 38 years prior to beginning work on the album. In addition, the documentary offers a rare glimpse into the process John goes through to create and compose his music.
Featured in the film are musicians Neil Young, Brian Wilson, Booker T. Jones, steel guitarist Robert Randolph, Don Was and a 10-piece gospel choir who all contribute to the album, which is produced by award-winning producer T-Bone Burnett. Musician Stevie Nicks and John's long-time lyricist Bernie Taupin also appear. 
On March 2, 2011, the documentary was announced to open the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival.
In June 2011, HBO announced it had acquired US TV rights and would begin airing the documentary in January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31060604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060604" title="Junggaria">
Junggaria

Junggaria was a genus of rhyniophyte-like land plants known from fossils found in China in Upper Silurian strata (, around ). It bore leafless dichotomously or pseudomonopodially branching axes, some of which ended in spore-forming organs or sporangia of complex shape. The genus Cooksonella, found in Khazakstan from deposits of a similar age, is considered to be an illegitimate synonym.
Description.
"Junggaria spinosa" was first described as a new species by Dou in 1983, from four fossil specimens found in the Wutubulake Formation, Xinjiang, China, now dated to the Late Silurian (, around ). Further specimens were found later and a more detailed description was published in 1993 by Cai et al.
The specimens are fragmentary so that a full reconstruction is difficult. It appears that the sporophyte of "Junggaria spinosa" had 'pseudomonopodial' branching, i.e. the leafless stems (axes) divided into two branches in such a way that one continued as the 'main' stem and the other became a side or lateral branch. Lateral branches divided dichotomously up to twice, terminating in spore-forming organs or sporangia. Stems varied in width from around 1.1 mm to 2.5 mm. Most of the stems were smooth but some bore hair-like structures up to 0.1 mm in diameter and 0.5 mm long. A darker central strand was observed on some stems, but the internal structure is not known.
In the flattened fossils, the sporangia consist of a central, roughly circular area, on average 2 mm in diameter, smoothly connected to the end of the stem on which they were borne. Around the top and sides of the central area there is a border, around 1 mm wide, which is not connected to the stem and ends abruptly. The border varies in shape, sometimes being uniform, sometimes lobed; it appears to consist of two layers separated by a 'filling'. The layers appear separated into two 'valves' in some specimens. Cai et al. say that it is difficult to reconstruct the three-dimensional structure of a sporangium before preservation; it may have been more-or-less spherical or it may already have been compressed from side to side before being fossilized. They concluded that "hese unique and somewhat bizarre sporangia ... defy our understanding", but that the most surprising feature was their complexity relative to other Silurian species such as "Salopella", "Cooksonia" or "Steganotheca".
Relationship with "Cooksonella".
The new genus and species "Cooksonella sphaerica" nom. illeg. was created by Senkevich in 1978 for plants found in Kazakhstan. The sediments in which the fossils were found are now also regarded as from the . The description of "C. sphaerica" is considered by Cai et al. to be sufficiently similar to the Chinese specimens to regard them as the same species. The different preservation of the Kazakhstan specimens allowed the presence of a central strand of tracheids to be demonstrated, showing that "C. sphaerica" is a vascular plant.
Senkevich's name is illegitimate, because the genus name "Cooksonella" had already been used for a different fossil. Hence Cai et al. were unable to rename Dou's "Junggaria spinosa" as "Cooksonella sphaerica". A new genus name is required under the "International Code of Botanical Nomenclature", but does not appear to have been created, so that forms such as ""Cooksonella sphaerica"/"Junggaria spinosa"" will be found in the literature.
Phylogeny.
"Junggaria" has some affinities with the rhyniophytes in that it has leafless dichotomizing stems with terminal sporangia and appears to have xylem. Rhyniophytes or paratracheophytes are part of the group from which the true vascular plants or tracheophytes are believed to have evolved. However, features of the sporangium led Cai et al. to make comparisons with genera such as "Renalia", "Sartilmania" and some species of "Cooksonia". These have been placed within the tracheophytes, basal to lycophytes (modern clubmosses and allies). The relationships of "Junggaria"/"Cooksonella" remain uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="31060607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060607" title="Castle River (Wellington)">
Castle River (Wellington)

The Castle River is a river in the southeast of the Wairarapa district of the North Island of New Zealand. It rises on the flanks of the Aorangi Range at the edge of the Aorangi Forest Park and flows eastward, joining Rough Stream 1.6km north of that stream's confluence with the Opouawe River.

</doc>
<doc id="31060632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060632" title="Yellow Creek, Illinois">
Yellow Creek, Illinois

Yellow Creek is an unincorporated community in Kent Township, Stephenson County, Illinois, United States. Yellow Creek is located on Yellow Creek and County Route 16 north-northwest of Pearl City.

</doc>
<doc id="31060640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060640" title="Mala Kruševica">
Mala Kruševica

Mala Kruševica is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 317 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060645" title="Marenovo">
Marenovo

Marenovo is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 453 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060649" title="Maskare">
Maskare

Maskare is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 539 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060650" title="Orašje (Varvarin)">
Orašje (Varvarin)

Orašje is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 698 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060655" title="Tim McCann (American football)">
Tim McCann (American football)

Tim McCann is a former defensive tackle in the National Football League. He was a member of the New York Giants during the 1969 NFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="31060657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060657" title="Pajkovac">
Pajkovac

Pajkovac is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 142 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060660" title="Parcane">
Parcane

Parcane is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 542 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060666" title="Suvaja (Varvarin)">
Suvaja (Varvarin)

Suvaja is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 149 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060669" title="Varvarin (village)">
Varvarin (village)

Varvarin is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1779 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060673" title="Zalogovac">
Zalogovac

Zalogovac is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 881 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060683" title="2011 Milan – San Remo">
2011 Milan – San Remo

The 2011 Milan – San Remo was the 102nd running of the Milan – San Remo single-day cycling race. It was held on 19 March over a distance of and was the fourth race of the 2011 UCI World Tour season.
The race was won by rider Matthew Goss, who was part of an eight-man group that battled for the victory, in a sprint finish. Goss finished ahead of 's Fabian Cancellara – the winner of the race in 2008 – and 's Philippe Gilbert, who completed the podium.
Teams.
25 teams competed in the 2011 Milan – San Remo. Each team had been scheduled to start with eight riders, making a starting peloton of 200; but only 198 started the race. They were:

</doc>
<doc id="31060701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060701" title="Southern Recipe">
Southern Recipe

Southern Recipe, a supplier of pork rinds and cracklins, is owned by Rudolph Foods Company, Inc. Rudolph Foods is a supplier of snack products. Southern Recipe is Rudolph Foods’ most popular snack brand and was launched shortly after 1955, when the company was first founded. Its sister brands include Rudolph Foods, Pepe’s El Original, and Lee’s Pig Skins.
Products.
Southern Recipe manufactures Southern-inspired snacks including pork rinds and cracklins. Southern Recipe makes pork rinds in various flavors including; Original, Hot & Spicy, Salt & Vinegar, Bar-B-Q and Sweet BBQ. Cracklin varieties include Traditional, Washpot, Strips, Curly, Dipper Cracklins and Red Pepper Dipper Cracklins. 
Southern Recipe pork rinds, as part of the salty snack category, have seen a significant increase in sales and popularity as a result of listening to consumer feedback and offering new products that deliver desired flavor profiles. Pork rinds are considered to be a low carb diet snack – with zero carbohydrates and contain more protein than peanuts.
Community.
Rudolph Foods, Southern Recipe’s parent company, has been an active member of its communities. Southern Recipe uses social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and YouTube to advertise. Southern Recipe maintains a strong online community of consumers, known as “the man cave”. This term stems from the brand’s typical consumer demographic – the traditional, Southern working man – after which their website is named. 
Southern Recipe is involved in events, sponsorships and contests. In 2010, Southern Recipe hosted social media contest, Win The Ultimate Man Cave, as well as sponsored a local Ohio team’s participation in the World Championship Punkin Chunkin competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31060710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060710" title="Rick Skwiot">
Rick Skwiot

Rick Skwiot is the award-winning author of three published works set in Mexico and a critically praised childhood memoir. He received the Hemingway First Novel Award for his debut work, "Death in Mexico" (formerly titled "Flesh") and was the Willa Cather Fiction Prize Finalist for "Sleeping With Pancho Villa" in 1998. In addition, he has published numerous feature stories, short stories, essays and book reviews in magazines and newspapers. Skwiot has taught creative writing at Washington University in St. Louis and at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, where he served as the 2004 Distinguished Visiting Writer.
A St. Louis native, he earned a B.A. in sociology from the University of Missouri–St. Louis, an M.A. in English literature from the University of Missouri-Columbia, and an M.F.A. in creative writing from Old Dominion University.
When an infant his family moved across the Mississippi River from north St. Louis to rural Madison County, Illinois, which serves as the setting for his acclaimed childhood memoir "Christmas at Long Lake". Skwiot began his writing career as a newspaper reporter in MetroEast St. Louis. He spent much of the 1980s in Mexico, a setting that has figured importantly in both his fiction and nonfiction work. He now lives in Key West, Florida, the locale for his forthcoming novel Key West Story, slated for early 2012 publication.
Skwiot is co-founder, with British novelist Rosalind Brackenbury, of the Key West Writers Lab, Inc., a nonprofit organization that mentors advanced creative writers.

</doc>
<doc id="31060718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060718" title="Atlético Clube Lagartense">
Atlético Clube Lagartense

Atlético Clube Lagartense, commonly known as Lagartense, is a Brazilian football club based in Lagarto, Sergipe state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil twice.
History.
The club was founded on August 11, 1992. Lagartense won the Campeonato Sergipano in 1998. The club competed in the Copa do Brasil in 1999 and in 2001, they were eliminated in the First Round in both seasons, respectively by Fluminense and Santa Cruz.
Stadium.
Atlético Clube Lagartense play their home games at Estádio Paulo Barreto de Menezes, nicknamed "Barretão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 8,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31060730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060730" title="Arthur Hepworth">
Arthur Hepworth

Arthur Hepworth (28 February 1908 – February 1988) was an English professional footballer, who played as a half-back. He was the son of Walter Hepworth, who assisted Barnsley in the Football League during the late 1890s, and was also related to Ronnie Hepworth, who played over 100 league matches for Bradford (Park Avenue). A native of Wombwell, South Yorkshire, he played youth football with Worsbrough Communion and Dodsworth, and represented the Yorkshire schoolboys team. In 1926 he joined Barnsley, but failed to break into the first team during his two years with the club.
In March 1928, Hepworth moved from Barnsley to struggling Football League Third Division North club Nelson, along with inside forward George Hayes. He made his debut for the Lancashire outfit in the 5–4 win against Hartlepools United at Seedhill. He went on to make 10 appearances during the remainder of the 1927–28 campaign as the side finished bottom of the division and were forced to apply for re-election to the League. In the summer of 1928 Nelson signed two new wing-halves, Jim Metcalfe and David Suttie, meaning Hepworth spent the majority of the 1928–29 season in the reserves. He played six consecutive matches in January and February 1929, but was dropped following the 2–7 defeat away at Barrow, and never again appeared for the first team.
Hepworth was released by Nelson in the summer of 1929 and subsequently returned to South Yorkshire to play non-League football with Wombwell. In September 1931 he signed as an amateur for the E & A Smith's Sports club in Cleckheaton, before joining the Mirfield-based Battyford Wanderers in 1933. He remained in Mirfield until his death in February 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31060740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060740" title="Barnes v. Yahoo!, Inc.">
Barnes v. Yahoo!, Inc.

Barnes v. Yahoo!, Inc., 570 F. 3d 1096 (D. Or. Nov. 8, 2005), is a United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit case in which the Ninth Circuit held that Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (CDA) rules that Yahoo!, Inc., as an Internet service provider cannot be held responsible for failure to remove objectionable content posted to their website by a third party. Plaintiff Cecilia Barnes made claims arising out of Defendant Yahoo!, Inc.'s alleged failure to honor promises to remove offensive content about the plaintiff posted by a third party. The content consisted of a personal profile with nude photos of the Plaintiff and her contact information. The United States District Court for the District of Oregon had dismissed Barnes' complaint.
Facts and Procedural History.
In 2004, Cecilia Barnes ended a relationship with her boyfriend. Following the breakup, her now ex-boyfriend tried to harass her by creating multiple unauthorized Yahoo! profiles about her that included solicitation to engage in sexual intercourse. These profiles seemed like they came from Barnes herself and contained nude photographs of her that were taken without her knowledge as well as her real contact information. The ex-boyfriend also pretended to be Barnes in several Yahoo! chat rooms, in which he directed men to the profiles that he created of Barnes. As a result of her ex-boyfriend's actions, Barnes started getting phone calls, emails, and even office visits from various men who expected to have sex with her.
Following Yahoo!'s policy, Barnes emailed Yahoo! to have the fake profiles removed. She sent them a copy of her photo ID and a signed statement explaining that she did not create those profiles and requesting their removal. However, she received no response and unknown men still continued to contact her. Barnes then made another request to Yahoo! by mail to take down the profiles. Receiving no response from either of her initial requests she sent two more requests, but still received no response. Eventually, just before a local news program was going to air a report on her story, Yahoo! finally responded. Barnes received a call from the Director of Communications, who instructed her to fax over the same information she had previously sent and told Barnes that she would "personally walk the statements over to the division responsible for stopping unauthorized profiles and they would take care of it." Barnes claims that she trusted the director, so she stopped worrying about the issue.
Two months after that, the profiles still remained online and Barnes had not heard anything back from Yahoo! ever since the Director of Communications told her that the issue would be resolved. In response, Barnes decided to file a lawsuit against Yahoo! in the district court in Oregon. It was not until she sued Yahoo! that the profiles were removed from the website.
Trial Court Proceedings.
Defendant's Claims.
Yahoo!, Inc. relied exclusively on the first part of Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, which bars courts from treating certain internet service providers as publishers or speakers. Yahoo!, Inc. asserted that it was immune from the suit under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, which "immunizes interactive service providers such as Yahoo! from liability for harm caused by the dissemination of third-party information." 
Plaintiff's Claims.
Barnes tried to make a claim that she was not holding Yahoo! liable as a publisher for the third-party content posted by her ex-boyfriend. She argued that her claim did not fall under Section 230, but rather, fell under Section 323 of an Oregon torts claim.
Plaintiff alleged that when Yahoo! contacted her, she relied on its affirmative duty to remove the profiles and prohibited them from being posted again like the defendant promised. However, since Yahoo! failed to do this, Barnes alleged that the defendant did not "exercise reasonable care to perform his undertaking" and that she was harmed by the third-party content. She also claimed that Yahoo! violated an Oregon tort law that derives from section 323 of the Restatement of Torts, Second to remove the profiles on their website.
Opinion of the Court.
Plaintiff's claims fell under Section 230 of the CDA which grants broad immunity from liability to Internet service providers, which Yahoo! indisputedly is. Barnes alleged that she was harmed by the material posted about her and said that Yahoo! violated an Oregon tort law to take down the profiles upon her request. According to the Court, "Any such claim by plaintiff necessarily treats the service provider as 'publisher' of the content is therefore barred by Sec. 230."
The court also stated that Barnes' argument that Yahoo! did not keep its promise of removing the defamatory content online did not dismiss the immunity provided to internet service providers by Section 230 of the CDA.
Holding.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit upheld the ruling that an Internet service provider is immune from removing indecent content from their website on the basis of Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. The Ninth Circuit ultimately reversed the decision from the lower court in Oregon by granting Yahoo! the motion to dismiss.

</doc>
<doc id="31060743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060743" title="1969 Stockholm Open – Doubles">
1969 Stockholm Open – Doubles

The 1969 Stockholm Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts in Stockholm, Sweden. The tournament was held from November 1 through November 7, 1969. Roy Emerson and Rod Laver won in the final 6–4, 6–2 against Andrés Gimeno and Graham Stilwell.

</doc>
<doc id="31060753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060753" title="Hecaterus">
Hecaterus

In Greek mythology, Hecaterus or Hekateros (Ἑκάτερος) was a minor god and the father of five daughters (the Hecaterides) by the daughter of Phoroneus, and through them grandfather of the Oreads, Satyrs, and Curetes.
His name has been interpreted as referring to the "hekateris" (a rustic dance which involves quickly moving hands), and himself as a patron or personification of this dance. On the other hand, it has been suggested that the name "Hekateros" (which stands in the genitive case "Ἑκατέρου" in the original Greek text) could result from corruption of the purported ἑκ Δώρου "of Dorus".

</doc>
<doc id="31060754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060754" title="Joanne Cantwell">
Joanne Cantwell

Joanne Cantwell is an Irish sports presenter. She is the presenter of weekly rugby magazine programme "Against the Head" on RTÉ Two, and is also a match reporter on "Premier Soccer Saturday". 
During the summer months, Cantwell works as a reporter on "The Sunday Game", Raidió Teilifís Éireann's main Gaelic games television programme. It is shown on RTÉ Two every Sunday during the Football Championship and Hurling Championship seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="31060790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060790" title="Academy, Alberta">
Academy, Alberta

Academy is an unincorporated community in the province of Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Foothills No. 31. It is located along the Macleod Trail to the south of Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="31060795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060795" title="Thierry Pauwels">
Thierry Pauwels

Thierry Pauwels (born 1957) is a Belgian astronomer from the Royal Observatory of Belgium. Between 1996 and 2008 he discovered 96 minor planets and co-discovered 9. This makes him one of the top 100 minor planet discoverers.
The asteroid 12761 Pauwels was named after him in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31060820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060820" title="Tomorrow's Daydream Solo Piano Songbook">
Tomorrow's Daydream Solo Piano Songbook

Tomorrow's Daydream Solo Piano Songbook is the companion sheet music book to the solo piano album, "Tomorrow's Daydream", by composer & pianist Brian Kelly. Transcribed by the composer and edited by Kathy Parsons, the songbook consists of eleven solo piano pieces on 84 pages, printed on 80 lb. paper, spiral bound, with a glossy cover, for intermediate and advanced players. Published by Skylight Music ISBN 978-0-9794220-4-1 

</doc>
<doc id="31060830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060830" title="Daniel Salvatierra">
Daniel Salvatierra

Daniel Salvatierra (born 23 February 1990 in Rosario) is an Argentine football central forward currently playing for Coronel Aguirre.
Club career.
Salvatierra made his professional debut for Newell's in December 2010 against Liga de Quito.

</doc>
<doc id="31060845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060845" title="Jean-Christophe Bahebeck">
Jean-Christophe Bahebeck

Jean-Christophe Bahebeck (born 1 May 1993) is a French professional footballer who plays for Valenciennes FC on loan from Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1. He is described as a player who is "very fast with both feet" and is a good striker of the ball. Despite beginning his career as a striker, he plays primarily as a winger. Bahebeck is a French youth international having earned caps at under-16 and under-18 level. He started his under-18 career scoring three goals in his first two matches. In March 2011, Bahebeck scored his first professional goal on his professional debut in a 2–0 win over Le Mans in the Coupe de France.
Club career.
Early career.
Bahebeck was born in the commune of Saint-Denis in the Île-de-France region. He is the younger brother of Red Star Saint-Ouen midfielder Rosère Manguélé. Manguélé previously played professionally with Châteauroux. Bahebeck began his football career in September 2000 at the age of seven playing for local club "Club Sportif Municipal de Persan" in the Val d'Oise commune of Persan. He spent almost three years training at the club before signing his first license with nearby club "Union Sportive Persan" in October 2003. While training at Persan, Bahebeck was supervised by club coach Denis Diaz. 
In 2006, while playing with Persan, Bahebeck was spotted by Paris Saint-Germain officials who offered him a trial at the club. While attending the club's detection camp, he participated in a local tournament held in Sens that was composed of professional teams and responded by scoring "four or five goals" in the competition. Despite the performance, Bahebeck remained at Persan after it was suggested by his club coaches that he remain in the Val d'Oise department to be with his family and his team for at least one more year. He was later enticed by both Marseille and Bordeaux, but remained keen on joining Paris Saint-Germain stating it was his preference.
Paris Saint-Germain.
Bahebeck began his Paris Saint-Germain career in the club's youth academy at the Camp des Loges. He was placed on the club's under-14 team and immediately developed a reputation of a serial goalscorer.
2010–11 season.
Ahead of the 2010–11 season, Bahebeck was promoted to the club's reserve team in the Championnat de France amateur, the fourth level of French football. He was also placed onto the club's squad for the UEFA Europa League being assigned the number 37 shirt by manager Antoine Kombouaré. Bahebeck made his amateur debut on 8 August 2010 in a 1–0 victory over Bourg-Péronnas. The following week, he scored his first goal with the team in a 4–1 win over Monts d'Or Azergues. On the next match day, Bahebeck scored the team's lone goal in a 3–1 defeat to Villefranche. From October to January, he scored five goals in seven appearances, which included both goals in a 2–1 victory over the reserve team of Nancy and the game-winning goal in a win over Jura Sud. As a result of his performances during the campaign, Bahebeck was linked with moves to English clubs Manchester City and Chelsea who sought to acquire the player on a free transfer as he did not have a professional contract at the time. 
For his performances with the reserve team, Bahebeck was also rewarded with a call up to the club's senior team by Kombouaré and trained with the team during the winter break in Morocco. Following the conclusion of the winter break, he was sent back down to the reserve team. In late January 2011, Bahebeck returned to the senior team and appeared on the bench in league match against Arles-Avignon. After appearing in the reserve team's 2–0 return victory over Villefranche, he was called back to the senior team. Bahebeck trained with the team ahead of its Coupe de France quarter-final tie on 2 March 2011. He made his professional debut in the match appearing as a substitute late in the second half. The match eventually went into extra time drawn at 0–0 and, in the 108th minute, Bahebeck scored the game-winning goal in a 2–0 victory. Following the season, on 23 June 2011, Bahebeck signed his first professional contract agreeing to a three-year deal with Paris Saint-Germain.
2011–12 season.
As a result of his professional contract and performance the previous season, Bahebeck was promoted to the senior team permanently and made his season debut on 6 August 2011 in the team's opening 1–0 league defeat to Lorient. On 18 August, he made his European debut in the team's first leg UEFA Europa League playoff round tie against Luxembourger club Differdange. In the match, Bahebeck scored his first goal of the season netting the team's second in a 4–0 away win.
Troyes.
On 3 August 2012, Bahebeck moved on loan to the newly promoted Ligue 1 side Troyes for the 2012–13 season. He chose his jersey numbers 19, the same number as his age.
Valenciennes.
On 21 June 2013, Bahebeck moved on loan to Ligue 1 side Valenciennes FC for the 2013–14 season. 
International career.
Bahebeck is a French youth international having earned caps at under-16 and under-18 level. With the under-16 team, he only made two appearances, which came in the team's double friendly match against the Republic of Ireland in March 2009. Bahebeck failed to earn any caps at under-17 level under coach Guy Ferrier. Following the replacement of Ferrier with former assistant senior national team coach Pierre Mankowski for the 2010–11 season, he was called up to the under-18 team to participate in the 2010 edition of the Tournoi de Limoges to serve as a replacement of Yaya Sanogo who skipped the level. In the team's first match against Greece, Bahebeck scored two goals in a 4–1 victory. In the team's next group stage match against Russia, he scored the opening goal in a 2–0 rout.
He is also eligible to play for Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="31060849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060849" title="Reinaldo Conrad">
Reinaldo Conrad

Reinaldo Conrad (born 31 May 1942) is a Brazilian sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31060853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060853" title="Gad Zeevi">
Gad Zeevi

Gad Zeevi (Hebrew: גד זאבי, also Gad Zevi; born November 13, 1939) is an Israeli industrialist. Zeevi is the owner and chairman of the Zeevi Group, a multi million dollar private equity corporation. The Zeevi Group, through its subsidiaries, produces, refines, and sells pefgtroleum products. It manages petroleum refineries and a chain of gas stations in the United States. The company also engages in the construction and exploitation of electric power stations, producing electric power for the national network; development, building, and construction of city housing estates, trade centers, places of residence, grain elevators, airports, water projects, and roads in Africa, America, and Israel; and distribution of automobiles. In addition, the Zeevi Group provides information technologies, logistical, retailing, and other business services, as well as medical equipment and sanatoria.
Zeevi Group.
The Zeevi Group purchased "Japanauto", the exclusive Israeli distributor for Subaru cars, in 1998. The Gad Zeevi Group invests in private hospitals, radio and television stations, shopping malls, written media, apartment and industrial real estate development, health care, car industry, and more. The Zeevi Group has led energy projects in Africa, America, Europe and Israel, including the construction and exploitation of electric power stations for national networks, trade in crude oil and oil products.
International Power & Energy Investments.
The Zeevi Group has led energy projects in Africa, America, Europe and Israel, including the construction and exploitation of electric power stations for national networks, trade in crude oil and oil products.
Real Estate Development.
The Zeevi Group has been involved in various ventures across a quarter of a century, including the development, construction and management of large-scale urban projects, commercial and residential complexes, silos, airports, water projects, and thousands of kilometers of roads in Africa and Israel.
The Group owns significant real estate interests, comprising thousands of residential and commercial areas, hospitals and retirement villages:
The Zeevi Group also owns the largest shopping center in Israel, covering a total area of 250,000 m².
Private Hospitals.
The Zeevi Group owns Israel’s largest private hospitals, equipped with the most updated medical equipment, including VCT, MRI, IVF, laser operations and a state-of-the-art pressure chamber. The Group also owns luxury retirement villages, situated in proximity to the hospitals.
Media & Telecommunications.
The Zeevi Group has interests in regional and international television and radio companies including Keshet, one of Israel's leading broadcasting agencies.
Freight Moving & Logistics - Komatsu & Mack Trucks.
Throughout the 1970-80's, operating in Israel, U.S.A, Africa and Eastern Europe, all The Zeevi Group’s logistics companies have been leaders in their field, ranging from freight forwarding and customs clearance, to inland port terminals, container handling, storage and third party logistics.
Exclusive Importer of Subaru Cars & Parts.
The Gad Zeevi Group purchased Japanauto, the Israeli distributor of Subaru cars, in 1998. has been marketing Subaru since 1968 and was a pioneer in bringing Japanese cars to the Israeli market, holding 50% of the local car market in the 1970s and 1980s with annual sales of over 30,000 vehicles. Under The Zeevi Group’s guidance, the company established the biggest after-sales service infrastructure in Israel, providing the reach, the people, the know-how, and the service centers needed to satisfy this highly demanding market. Being the sole importer in the country to market a single brand, while the competition represent various brands with conflicting interests, Japanauto is currently looking for strategically synergetic franchising opportunities to expand by providing new brands, models, car sizes and engine volumes to fit the Israeli market. Various speculation in Israel has arisen towards Mr. Zeevi's plans to expand his car importation enterprise. One of Israel's leading financial newspaper, Globes, recently reported that the Ze'vi Group will be exclusively importing into Israel. 
The Israeli car market sells 180,000 cars annually with potential growth of over 6% a year. Gad Zeevi has imported and sold hundreds of thousands of Subaru cars to Israel.
According to Globes Magazine, Gad Zeevi sold his shares of Japanauto Holdings Ltd. for an estimated 160 million NIS (~50 million USD) in May 2012. Japan Auto Holdings is the publicly traded parent company of the Subaru importer.
Privatization of Balkan Bulgarian Airlines.
Zeevi Group was involved in the privatization of Balkan Bulgarian Airlines in Bulgaria.
Legal Problems & Acquittal.
In March 2011, The Tel Aviv Magistrate’s Court acquitted Gad Ze’evi and three other executives from Malam of charges of fraud.
The trial against Ze’evi lasted five years and included dozens of court hearings. Ze’evi who was chairman of IT giant Malam Systems was indicted in 2006 of committing stock fraud in order to increase his monthly salary. In her closing remarks, as published in both the Jerusalem Post & Globes daily newspapers, Judge Daniela Cherizli criticized the local Israeli district attorneys office for drawing out the trial unnecessarily.
"I am not going into personal issues. I kept the verdict professional and objective, even though I strongly wanted to say what I thought during the hearing. Things could have been much shorter," Judge Cherizli told the prosecutors. "I did not halt the hearing only out of the respect that I have for the prosecution. It was really irrelevant."
Judge Cherizli added that the legal material was clear, and so was the required verdict. "At the end of the day, everything focused on the issue of the shares. I made no normative statement whether the shares were tainted or not, but I think that act by the accused was neither false nor unreasonable. I thoroughly examined all the material. In general, I think that Mr. Tiber did not err according to the specific material in this case." Judge Cherizli also criticized the Israel Securities Authority for not providing an opinion on the case. "I would have expected the Securities Authority to express an opinion, but it did not do so, so what I am expected to do? The grounds for a charge of fraudulent receiving have been undercut. More than necessary, I discussed the question whether there were misleading details in the various documents. There was no conspiracy, and I therefore acquit the accused of all charges in the indictment."
Philanthropy.
Gad Zeevi regularly donates to local and international art museums, schools, health and education and in Jan 2011 he personally donated 200,000 NIS in vehicles and parts to Elem, a Haifa based charity organization which focuses on assisting needy children with food, clothing, education and social activities.

</doc>
<doc id="31060869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060869" title="Shelby County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Shelby County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Shelby County Courthouse in Harlan, Iowa, United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first county seat for Shelby County was located in a place called Shelbyville. After it was moved to Harlan a two-story frame building was erected in 1860 for the courthouse. A second courthouse was built for $4,250 in 1875. Construction on the present courthouse was begun in 1892 and it was built for $62,733.90. The cornerstone was laid on August 4, 1892 and the building was dedicated on November 13, 1893. A $300,000 renovation of the building, which included installation of its first elevator, was completed in 1978.
Architecture.
C. E. Bell of Council Bluffs, Iowa designed the Romanesque Revival style building. W. H. Cockerell was the contractor. It is constructed of solid stone and features a slate roof. The dimensions of the building are 72 x 112 feet and it is three stories tall. Originally a bell tower at a height of 130 feet topped the building. It was removed in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="31060871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060871" title="Into the Hot (Floy Joy album)">
Into the Hot (Floy Joy album)

Into the Hot is the debut album by English sophisti-pop band Floy Joy. It was released in 1984, and featured three singles: "Burn Down a Rhythm", "Until You Come Back to Me" and "Operator". Both "Until You Come Back To Me" and "Operator" were minor hits in the UK.
The band featured lead vocals from Carroll Thompson, and music by Michael Ward and Shaun Ward. A follow-up album was released in 1985 which didn't feature Thompson, but Desi Campbell instead.
The album was released on vinyl and cassette. It has never been released on CD.
Floy Joy manager Paul Bower had managed the Ward brothers for two years. He flew to New York to track down producer Don Was - who he had never met - and played him the band's demos in Don's suite at The Mayflower. A three week session at the Sound Suite in Detroit followed and the result was Floy Joy’s debut album "Into the Hot".
Shaun Ward spoke of the album in 1990, during an interview with his band Everyday People. He stated ""The first Floy Joy album was an anthology of R&B, jazz... all the things we’d grown up listening to and absorbed. Though we liked it, we came to realize that maybe it was a bit too personal. So that’s why the second album is more direct and commercial. Unfortunately when we did that no one wanted to know.""
Track listing.
All tracks written by Michael Ward and Shaun Ward.
Chart performance.
Album
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="31060909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060909" title="Holy Cross Church, Kaunas">
Holy Cross Church, Kaunas

Holy Cross Church, Kaunas () is located in the Centre elderate of Kaunas, Lithuania. 
The monks of the Order of Carmelites bought several plots of land for the monastery in Kaunas near the Nemunas river in 1706. Some years earlier, the new church was sanctified nearby in 1685. It was consecrated in 1700. The church was built in the late baroque style. It is a two tower building of Latin cross shape. The painting in the main dome represents the prophet Elijah. It was created in the second half of the 18th century. After the spread of cholera epidemic, Tsarist Russian government established the hospital on the first floor of the monastery in 1831. The church and the monastery were closed in 1845 and since when were used as a store house for carts and harness. At the same time the interior of the church was vandalized. The St. Cross Church of Kaunas was returned to the believers only in 1881. During the renovation from 1885 till 1898, five new sanctuaries were built, the pulpit, the organ, as well as three new bells were installed. Tyrolean artist John Kerle decorated the vaults of the church with the seventeen compositions in 1898. The church was renovated once more in 1925-1934.
The Holy Cross Church of Kaunas was included into the Registry of Immovable Cultural Heritage Sites of the Republic of Lithuania in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31060925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060925" title="Nahuel Guzmán">
Nahuel Guzmán

Nahuel Ignacio Guzmán (born 10 February 1986) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a goalkeepeer for Liga MX club Tigres UANL.
Club career.
Guzman made his professional debut for Newell's in August 2006 against Belgrano.
International career.
Nahuel Guzmán was an integral part of the Argentina under-17 side in the World Cup of the category 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31060936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060936" title="Burkhard Cordes">
Burkhard Cordes

Burkhard Cordes (born 15 May 1939 in Darmstadt, Germany) is a Brazilian sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" with Reinaldo Conrad at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31060944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060944" title="Helena-West Helena School District">
Helena-West Helena School District

The Helena-West Helena School District is a school district headquartered in Helena-West Helena, Arkansas, United States. The district is one of three school districts in Phillips County, Arkansas and operates six schools.
As of 2011 the district has over 2,833 students and 283 employees.
Schools.
Secondary schools include:
Primary schools include:

</doc>
<doc id="31060966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31060966" title="Martin Brasier">
Martin Brasier

Martin David Brasier FGS, FLS (born 12 April 1947) is an English palaeobiologist and astrobiologist made known from his conceptual analysis of microfossils and evolution in the Precambrian and Cambrian. He is Professor of Palaeobiology at the University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of St Edmund Hall. His research critically examines the context and character of the early fossil record, making use of field mapping, logging, optical petrography, stable isotope geochemistry, confocal microscopy, NanoSims microprobes, and lasers for high resolution 3D scanning and laser raman spectroscopy. His contributions include the Brasier-Schopf debate on critical testing of questionable 3460 Ma Apex chert 'microfossils' at NASA; work on the earliest well-preserved fossils of cells (biology) (3430 Ma Strelley Pool); the pumice hypothesis for the origins of life; mapping the earliest life on land (1000 Ma Torridonian); and the palaeoecology, development and evolution of Ediacaran to early Cambrian organisms. He was secretary and then leader of the International Geoscience Programme, UNESCO and International Commission on Stratigraphy Projects on the Precambrian-Cambrian Boundary decision. This defined the base of the Phanerozoic Eon, Palaeozoic Era and Cambrian Period at a section in Newfoundland and Labrador based upon the appearance of the first assemblage of vertical burrowing animal trace fossils "Treptichnus pedum" The same datum also defines the top of the Precambrian and of the Proterozoic Eon. His own book on the subject, "Darwin's Lost World" was published in 2009 as part of the Charles Darwin centenary celebrations. His sequel, called "Secret Chambers", goes in search of the symbiotic origins of the eukaryote chloroplast, tracing its evolution through the last two billion years, exploring the ideas of Robert Hooke, Elso Barghoorn, Tom Cavalier-Smith and Lynn Margulis, and delving into the interval that Brasier dubbed 'the Boring Billion'.

</doc>
<doc id="31061013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061013" title="Peter Ficker">
Peter Ficker

Peter Ficker (born 8 June 1951) is a Brazilian sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" with Reinaldo Conrad at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31061024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061024" title="Goiano">
Goiano

Goiano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31061040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061040" title="Dunantist">
Dunantist

Dunantist is named after Henry Dunant (1828–1910), who inspired the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross. It refers to the group of humanitarian practitioners, who follow the traditional approach to humanitarism, which comprises four fundamental principles, namely:
The term was coined in the 2003 research article "Humanitarian NGOs: Challenges and Trends" published by the Humanitarian Policy Group of the Overseas Development Institute, which characterized humanitarian organizations by their principal values and operational approach.
Dunantist organizations, named after Henry Dunant, who inspired the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross. are independent, neutral organizations that attempt to work outside the influence of the state. Médecins Sans Frontières is an example of a Dunantist humanitarian organization.
In contrast, "Wilsonian" organizations (named after President Woodrow Wilson, as first described by David Rieff in his book A Bed for the Night), work in willing partnership with governments who seek to integrate foreign policy interests with aid activities. Wilsonian organizations differ from Dunantist organizations in that they accept stronger state influence. 
Other examples of NGO types include: 

</doc>
<doc id="31061066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061066" title="Sunrise Comfort Station">
Sunrise Comfort Station

The Sunrise Comfort Station is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style, located in the Sunrise Historic District of Mount Rainier National Park, Washington, USA. Built in 1932, the building was designed by Thomas Chalmers Vint of the National Park Service in association with landscape architect E.A. Davidson. The structure was part of a planned ensemble at what was then called Yakima Park, high on the northern flank of Mount Rainier. Similar structures may be found at the Ohanapecosh, Longmire and White River campgrounds in the park. The low building is framed in peeled logs on a stone foundation, set into a hillside and surrounded by native landscaping. 
The "comfort station", otherwise known as a public toilet, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31061084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061084" title="Recife (disambiguation)">
Recife (disambiguation)

Recife may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31061134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061134" title="Beau Gallagher">
Beau Gallagher

Beau Gallagher is a Samoan rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
Gallagher played three first grade games for the North Sydney Bears in 1999. 
In 2000 he moved to the Wests Tigers but did not play in a first grade match. He was named in the Samoan squad for the World Cup but did not play in a match at the tournament.
In 2010 he played for Tapuae in the Gisborne Tairawhiti competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31061154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061154" title="Fair Housing Council of San Fernando Valley v. Roommates.com, LLC">
Fair Housing Council of San Fernando Valley v. Roommates.com, LLC

Fair Housing Council of San Fernando Valley v. Roommates.com, LLC, 521 F.3d 1157 (9th Cir. 2008), is a case in which the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, sitting en banc, held that immunity under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (CDA) did not apply to an interactive online operator whose questionnaire violated the Fair Housing Act. However, the court found that [http://www.roommates.com Roommates.com was immune under Section 230 of the CDA for the “additional comments” portion of the website. This case is notable because it placed a limit on the broad immunity that Section 230(c) gives to service providers.
Background.
Defendant, Roommates.com, is a website that operates to match individuals renting rooms with those who need rooms. At the time of the suit, Roommates.com had approximately 150,000 room listings. In order to use the site, users had to create a profile by answering a series of questions provided by Roommates.com. These questions included the user’s name, whereabouts, and email address, and also included questions about gender, sexual orientation, number of children, and whether the children lived with the user. Users were also prompted to state the type of roommate they were looking for in terms of these last three questions. Finally, there was an “Additional Comments” section where users could further describe what they were looking for in a roommate. 
Fair Housing Council of San Fernando Valley brought an action against the website Roommates.com, alleging that the website violated the Fair Housing Act, and the California Fair Housing Act Section 12955 by allowing users the ability to discriminate through the website’s questionnaires.
Roommates.com argued that Section 230(c) of the CDA granted the website immunity, because it was simply an interactive website, and not an interactive service provider.
Section 230.
Congress passed Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act in response to the holding in "Stratton Oakmont, Inc. v. Prodigy Services Co.". In "Stratton", the court held the service provider Prodigy liable as a publisher, because it deleted material that it thought was offensive, but had not deleted other material that was potentially offensive. 
To avoid crushing liability for service providers, Congress provided section 230(c) immunity. Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (also known as the “good Samaritan provision”), grants immunity to an internet service provider, as long the content is created solely by third parties. Specifically, section 230(c)(1) states that “provider . . . of an interactive computer service shall be treated as a publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider.” 
In contrast, information content providers who are “responsible in whole or in part, for the creation or development of” the infringing material. are not immune under section 230(c), and may be held liable for defamatory content.
Prior history.
District Court.
The United States District Court for the Central District of California granted Roommates.com’s motion for summary judgment, holding that Section 230(c) of the CDA made the website immune from Fair Housing Act violations. The court reasoned that Section 230(c) immunity is quite expansive, and that in this case Roommates.com was an internet service provider, but was not an information content provider. Therefore, the court found that Roommates.com qualified for Section 230(c) immunity.
Ninth Circuit panel decision.
The court reversed the district court’s decision in part, and remanded for a determination whether the website violated the Fair Housing Act. It also vacated the dismissal of the state law claims. In a decision written by Chief Judge Alex Kosinski, a three-judge panel held that Roommates.com was not able to claim Section 230(c) immunity because it acted as an information content provider by requiring users to choose from potentially discriminatory options.
However, while Chief Judge Alex Kosinski wrote the opinion, Judge Stephen Reinhardt wrote a separate opinion concurring in part, and dissenting in part, and Judge Sandra Segal Ikuta wrote a concurrence in part. Some commentators believed that the original Ninth Circuit opinion included unnecessary dicta that potentially limited 230(c) immunity in a way that the court did not mean to do. 
Due to the fractured nature of the Ninth Circuit opinion, and potential confusion over its scope, the court decided to rehear the case en banc.
Ninth Circuit en banc decision.
Majority.
The court affirmed the three judge panel’s decision, but Judge Kosinski used the opinion as an opportunity to clarify his previous opinion.
The court reasoned that Roommates.com was not immune under 230(c) for the questions it asked in its dropdown menus, because the website qualified as an information content provider. By requiring users to answer questions relating to gender and sexual orientation, Roommates.com provided content. Just because the users of Roommates.com are information content providers does not mean that Roommates.com is not also an information content provider. The court explained: 
The court went on to say: 
The Ninth Circuit found that Roommates.com was distinguishable from Stratton Oakmont, the case that motivated Congress to pass Section 230(c). In "Stratton", the court found Prodigy liable for removing some bad content but not all bad content. In Roommates.com, the court found that the website affirmatively solicited discriminatory content. 
The court also mentioned that its opinion was consistent with the previous Ninth Circuit case, "Batzel v. Smith". In that case, the court held that an interactive service provider is immune under 230(c) if the changes the editor makes to a third party post are minor spelling or grammar changes.
The court clarified its holding in "Carafano v. Metrosplash.com", noting that its language in that case had been overly broad. In "Carafano", the court held that the website was immune under 230(c) for a fake dating profile posted by a third party, but also noted that the website would never be liable for a profile created by a third party. The court clarified this previous statement in Roommates.com by stating, “even if the data are supplied by third parties, a website operator may still contribute to the content’s illegality and thus be liable as a developer.” In "Carafano", the dating website did nothing to elicit discriminatory or defamatory information. In contrast, the court in Roommates.com found that the website did elicit discriminatory information through its questions. 
The majority analogized Roommates.com’s use of questions to the physical world to determine whether CDA 230(c) immunity applied. 
However, the court distinguished Roommates.com’s actions from those of search engines: “By contrast, ordinary search engines do not use unlawful criteria to limit the scope of searches conduced on them, nor are they designed to achieve illegal ends—as Roommate’s search function is alleged to do here. Therefore, such search engines play no part in the ‘development’ of any unlawful searches.”
Partial concurrence and dissent.
In her partial concurrence and dissent, Judge Margaret McKeown stated that “he majority’s unprecedented expansion of liability for Internet service providers threatens to chill the robust development of the Internet that Congress envisioned.”
She went on to say: 
She believed that by denying Roommates.com Section 230(c) immunity, Internet service providers would be unable to determine whether or not they will be held liable for third party content.
Subsequent history.
While "Barnes v. Yahoo!, Inc." potentially further limited 230(c) immunity, most other cases since Roommates.com have left the section intact. In "Barnes", the Ninth Circuit held that Section 230 may preempt state negligent undertaking claims. However, 230(c) may not preempt a promissory estoppel claim. If a service provider promises to remove content posted by third party and fails to do so, the service provider could potentially lose 230(c) immunity. 
On the other hand, other cases have upheld Section 230(c) immunity for interactive service providers that were not also information content providers. For example, in "Nemet Chevrolet v. ConsumerAffairs.com", the Fourth Circuit dismissed the case under 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim, finding that the defendant was immune under 230(c)(1).
Similarly, in "Dart v. Craigslist, Inc.", the Northern District of Illinois held that Craigslist was immune under 230(c)(1) for illicit advertisements that third parties placed on the website.
In November 2008, the district court ruled that Roommates.com violated the Fair Housing Act. In February 2012, the Ninth Circuit reversed that ruling, holding that Roommates.com did not violate the law and dismissing the case.

</doc>
<doc id="31061193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061193" title="Baby It's Over">
Baby It's Over

"Baby It's Over" is a song by the Greek Pop singer Elena Paparizou. It was released as the lead single from her first compilation album "Greatest Hits & More", written by Tamminen, Ahlstedt & Sörvaag and produced by DonK. The song first premiered on February 2, 2011 on the MadWalk fashion Event and released as digital download on February 18, 2011.
Promotion.
"Baby It's Over" premiered on February 2, 2011 on the MadWalk fashion event, broadcast by popular Greek music channel MAD TV. Paparizou performed Baby It's Over along with "Free Your Mind" by En Vogue, dressed by Apostolos Mitropoulos. Elena also performed the song on the Greek "X Factor" in its last show, on February 11, 2011.
Commercial performance.
"Baby It's Over" debuted at number one at the Greek Digital Chart, staying in the Top 10 for 18 weeks and making it her best selling digital-single to date. On the airplay chart it also peaked at number one, according to Media Inspector, staying at the top for 10 weeks and breaking her record of five weeks in a row with her 2007 single "To Fili Tis Zois". It was her first number one English track in Greece since 2006' "Mambo!". The song had an immediate international digital release via iTunes. "Baby It's Over" managed to be the #1 Greek song at the year end top200 airplay chart and #2 overall, just behind Adele's Rolling In The Deep.
Awards.
"Baby It's Over" received three nominations at the annual "Mad Video Music Awards", "Fashion Icon", "Female Artist Of The Year" and "Artist Of The Year", and managed to win the "Fashion Icon" and "Female Artist" awards at the ceremony that took place on June 13, 2011.
Music video.
Development.
Director Konstantinos Rigos created a special video clip with Helena Paparizou being at her best. The shooting was long and took place in Greek Olympic Properties. The models took part in the video were wearing creations by Apostolos Mitropoulos in a different Fashion Show, as previously shown at MadWalk by MAD TV.
Synopsis.
Τhe music video premiered on 12 April 2011 via Helena's VEVO at YouTube. It begins with MadWalk models having fun after MadWalk fashion event. The music video shows couples going through break up situations, like fighting and arguing and Elena subduing a man with chains. Elena is wearing a catsuit and high heels by Alexander McQueen. Then she begins dancing while the video shows models playing with the camera. After a model says "Go Away" on the camera, the scene changes showing Elena cleaning a roof with a vacuum cleaner absorbing electricity from a models mouth. Then she walks through a couple fighting and arguing, which immediately stops. The scene changes again showing Elena dancing with her dancers near sitting models and after that Elena's singing alone near to a model holding a Vodafone chatphone. In the end a model tries to shoot her with a plastic gun, she says "Who Do You Think That You Are?", then Elena continues dancing with her dancers.

</doc>
<doc id="31061205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061205" title="Herpetivore">
Herpetivore

An herpetivore (or serpentivore) is an organism that feeds upon snakes.

</doc>
<doc id="31061208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061208" title="John McDermott (runner)">
John McDermott (runner)

John J. "J.J." McDermott was an American athlete who in 1896 won the first marathon run in the United States as well as the inaugural Boston Marathon, then known as the B.A.A. Road Race, in 1897.
McDermott was reported to have been from New York City and represented the Pastime Athletic Club. Some people believe that he may have originated from Boularderie, Nova Scotia, Canada where the annual J.J. McDermott Long John Jaunt Half-Marathon is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="31061223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061223" title="Kentucky locations by per capita income">
Kentucky locations by per capita income

Kentucky is the fortieth richest state in the United States of America, with a per capita income of $18,093 (2000).
Kentucky Counties by Per Capita Income.
Note: Data is from the 2010 United States Census Data and the 2006-2010 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates.

</doc>
<doc id="31061226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061226" title="Micro Championship Wrestling">
Micro Championship Wrestling

Micro Championship Wrestling (MCW) is a professional wrestling promotion primarily showcasing midget wrestling. The promotion was founded by former pro wrestler Johnny Attitude, and has featured promotional videos by Hulk Hogan. The promotion debuted on American cable channel truTV on September 14, 2011.and ended after 5 episodes, Production for the show began in March 2011 in Tampa, Florida.
Championships.
MCW Championship.
The MCW Championship is a professional wrestling championship owned and promoted by Micro Championship Wrestling (MCW). The championship was created and debuted on August 23, 2011 at an MCW live event.
The first champion is Blixx who won a Battle Royal.
Nearly a year later Meatball defeated Blixx to become the 2nd MCW Champ in history. He held the title for over a year until early September 2013. 
In early September 2013 the MCW Championship switched hands to Hillbilly Bob, who currently still holds the title.
Other personnel.
Management.
! style="background:#e3e3e3; width:17%;"|Ring name
! style="background:#e3e3e3; width:15%;"|Real name
! style="background:#e3e3e3; width:27%;"|Notes
TV Series.
The promotion debuted on American cable channel truTV on September 14, 2011 and ended after 5 episodes, which ran from September 14, 2011 to October 12, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31061245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061245" title="Pym (novel)">
Pym (novel)

Pym is the third novel by American author Mat Johnson, published on March 1, 2011. A satirical fantasy inspired by "The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket", Edgar Allan Poe's only novel, the book explores racial politics and identity in America, and Antarctica. The novel was written over a period of nine years and has been well received by critics, who have praised its lighthearted and humorous style of social criticism.
Development history.
"Pym" takes its title from Edgar Allan Poe's "The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket", "a strange tale of shipwrecks, mutiny and a mysterious island inhabited by black-skinned people whose teeth are even black, and it ends abruptly at the South Pole with Pym facing haunting white figures". Poe's only novel, it is the favorite book of Johnson's protagonist, Chris Jaynes, African-American professor of literature, and his obsession with it leads him on his own journey to Antarctica.
According to Johnson, creating the book involved "9 years of writing, 16 drafts, 3 deletion attempts […" While working on "Pym", Johnson also finished three critically acclaimed graphic novels – "Hellblazer: Papa Midnite" (2005), "Incognegro" (2008), "Dark Rain: A New Orleans Story" (2010) – and a fourth, as yet unnamed graphic novel scheduled for publication in 2012. In an interview with Mike Emery, Johnson stated that there were many times when he thought that "Pym" "was taking too much of my time, and it was taking me in the wrong direction". He credits his wife, journalist Meera Bowman Johnson (to whom he dedicated "Pym"), and friends with convincing him to continue with the novel.
Johnson's website features a list of books by other notable writers inspired by Poe's open-ended novel since its publication in 1838, including Herman Melville's "Moby Dick", H. P. Lovecraft's "At the Mountains of Madness", and Jules Verne's "An Antarctic Mystery" – "the most pragmatic and literal sequel to "The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym" and also the worst sequel […] Come for the novelty, stay for the unbridled racism". The narrative of "Pym" also includes elements from Verne's and Lovecraft's Poe-inspired works.
In "Pym", Johnson's protagonist named a course on Poe he was teaching in reference to Toni Morrison's 1992 collection of essays "Playing in the Dark: Whiteness and the Literary Imagination", in which she explores the theory that for Poe, whiteness equalled perfection. Professor Jaynes's course, "Dancing With the Darkies: Whiteness in the Literary Mind", attempted to trace the roots of America's failure to become a postracial society to classic white texts, with a focus on Poe.
Synopsis.
Chris Jaynes is the only African-American professor of literature at a liberal Manhattan college. Refusing to limit his teaching to the African-American canon and serve on the college diversity committee, he is denied tenure. His obsession with Poe's novel comes to a head when his ancient book dealer introduces him to a copy of "The True and Interesting Narrative of Dirk Peters. Coloured Man. As Written by Himself.", "an unpublished 19th-century manuscript that suggests Poe's novel, which was partially set in Antarctica, was drawn closely from truth." Jaynes assembles an all-black mining crew, and embarks on an expedition to the South Pole in search of Poe's fabled island of Tsalal, the "great undiscovered African Diasporan homeland ... uncorrupted by whiteness."
The quest is led by the protagonist's older cousin Captain Booker Jaynes, "the world's only civil rights activist turned deep-sea diver", who is planning on mining blocks of Antarctic ice to melt and sell as expensive bottled water. Garth Frierson, Jaynes's childhood best friend with a fondness for Little Debbie snack cakes, joins the team in the hope of finding landscape painter Thomas Karvel, "Master of Light" (a parody of Thomas Kinkade, "Painter of Light"), and in part, "Pym" is laid out as "a road story/bromance between Jaynes and his childhood pal." Other members of the expedition include water treatment engineers Jeffree and Carlton Damon Carter, a gay couple documenting the trip for their "Afro-adventure blog." Angela Latham, a lawyer and Jaynes's "much-pined-for" ex-wife, brings along her new husband Nathaniel, treating the venture as a honeymoon. But instead of the black inhabitants described by Poe, Jaynes and his friends come across "a prehistoric world of giant white people, or 'Snow Honkies', who enslave them." Garth is the only one spared from the enslavement, since he trades his Little Debbie snack cakes for freedom but does not have enough to free the rest of the mining crew. 
For a number of days, Jaynes is forced to labor for his master Augustus by cleaning his ice cave and kneading "krakt" (the Snow Honkies' word for whale blubber). Augustus eventually gestures to Jaynes that he wants Little Debbie cakes by showing him an empty wrapper, which leads them back to the campsite and Garth. Jaynes and Garth then plot an escape plan for the enslaved crew as Augustus eats out of a bag of sugar and eventually falls ill and vomits. Jaynes and Garth drag the Snow Honkie back to the mouth of the ice caves, where they secretly plan to meet with the others. After returning, Augustus (who is translated by Pym) drunkenly announces to Jaynes that he has been sold to Sausage Nose, an abusive master who owns both Jeffree and Carlton. Jaynes realizes that he must escape with the crew soon or they will be enslaved forever. He attempts to convince Booker Jaynes to escape with him and Garth, but fails to persuade him as Booker is in an intimate relationship with his mistress, Hunka. Jaynes manages to escape by himself to the mouth of the cave, but sees that both snowmobiles have been destroyed by Pym. Garth and Jaynes tie Pym up and begin to walk away from the ice caves with a ration of seasoned krakt from Booker as their own source of food. Garth unfortunately eats it all and leaves everyone to starve.
Jaynes and Garth wake up in a saturated paradise and are greeted by Thomas Karvel, the Master of Light, and his wife, Mrs. Karvel. They are given a tour of the Biodome and are given three-fifths of a home, and the Karvels agree to let them stay only if they raise crops in the plot of land they are given. 
Because the Biodome uses so much energy, the heat from its machinery is melting the ice caves of the Snow Honkies. Both Pym and Nathaniel arrive with all of the Snow Honkies and attempt to persuade the Karvels into using less energy and relinquishing Jaynes and Garth, as they are property of Sausage Nose. Mrs. Karvel invites the Snow Honkies to a feast, which takes place on the rooftop of the Biodome. The mining crew (except Nathaniel), Jaynes, and Mrs. Karvel cook all of the remaining instant food, and cover the dessert with rat poison, calling them "sprinkles". 
During the feast, Mrs. Karvel asks Jaynes to bring out more dessert, and Sausage Nose and a child follow him inside the Biodome. The child dies in a river from the rat poison, and Sausage Nose realizes the trick that is being played on the Snow Honkies. He charges at Jaynes and is killed by an ax to the head, courtesy of Garth. To avoid suspicions of Sausage Nose going missing, Jaynes forces Garth into a robe and smears toothpaste on his face and hands. The Snow Honkies discover that something is amiss and that Garth is not Sausage Nose at all. The Snow Honkies begin to attack the humans when an earthquake occurs, killing all except Jaynes, Garth, and Pym.
The novel then becomes a number of journal entries about the journey to Tsalal by raft, in which Pym dies. Jaynes covers Pym's face with a black cloth, and they arrive at Tsalal, which is not an island of blackness, as Poe describes, but instead of a place of color and most notably of people with brown skin.
Reception.
"Pym" has been well received by critics, with "Kirkus Reviews" referring to it as "an acutely humorous, very original story that will delight lovers of literature and fantasy alike" and NPR's Maureen Corrigan calling it "loony, disrespectful, and sharp" and "a welcome riff on the surrealistic shudder-fest that is Poe's original." According to Associated Press writer Jennifer Kay, "Pym" is a swiftly paced satire which "skewers Edgar Allan Poe, race in America, the snack-food industry, academia, landscape painting and abominable snowmen." She concluded, "A commentary on racial identity, obsessions and literature should not be as funny as "Pym", but Johnson makes light work of his heavy themes." Adam Mansbach, writing for "The New York Times", similarly stated, "It's no easy task to balance social satire against life-threatening adventure, the allegory against the gory, but Johnson's hand is steady and his ability to play against Poe's text masterly." 
Michael Dirda, for "The Washington Post", called the novel "exuberantly comic", concluding that "in its seemingly effortless blend of the serious, comic and fantastic, Johnson's "Pym" really shouldn't be missed". Maggie Galehouse, book editor of the "Houston Chronicle", called "Pym" "… funny. And erudite, without condescension", stating that while there is "no shortage of thought and scholarship and experience underpinning "Pym"", reading it "is like opening a big can of whoop-ass and then marveling – gleefully – at all the mayhem that ensues." Joe M. O'Connell, in the "Austin American-Statesman", called Johnson "a wizard", stating that the novel cast a "magical spell", and described it as "a rumination on America's ongoing problem of race, and an excellent modern picaresque sprinkled liberally with comic book action. Most of all, it's a sublimely written comic novel and a lot of fun." "Publishers Weekly", in a starred review, described "Pym" as a "high-concept adventure" which provides "a memorable take on America's 'racial pathology' and 'the whole ugly story of our world'."

</doc>
<doc id="31061250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061250" title="Ossulston Estate">
Ossulston Estate

The Ossulston Estate is a multi-storey council estate built by the London County Council in Somers Town between 1927 and 1931. It was unusual at the time both in its inner-city location and in its modernist design, and all the original parts of the estate are now Grade II listed buildings.
The estate was built to rehouse those poor who were not being served by the LCC's new suburban estates, and was significantly denser to suit the urban site. It was located on the site of the Somers Town slum, between Euston and St Pancras stations. The original proposal made in 1925 was for 9-storey blocks on the American model, which would have required lifts, and with more expensive flats for private tenants on the highest floors. This was rejected and the height reduced to a maximum of 7 storeys, with fewer lifts and no private flats. The provision of central heating was also eliminated, but the buildings were unusual in providing electricity from the start, and Levita House had the first central heating system installed by the LCC.
The design, by G. Topham Forrest, chief architect of the LCC, and his assistants R. Minton Taylor and E.H. Parkes, was influenced by Viennese modernist public housing such as Karl Marx-Hof, which Forrest had visited. The estate consists of blocks grouped around three courtyards, and small greens, reached by archways from Ossulston and Charlton Streets; some of the original plantings survive. The buildings have some neo-Georgian features in the treatment of roofs and windows, but are modernist in being of steel-frame construction with unornamented roughcast walls, the facades instead enlivened by spatial features such as the archways in front of the balconies which lead to the individual flats. Chamberlain House, three blocks of flats, was built in 1927–29; Levita House, south of it and named for Cecil Levita, who was chairman of the LCC's Housing Committee in the 1920s, was built in 1930–31 and consists of the 7-storey section and wings enclosing a grand courtyard which was originally intended to lead to the premium flats. Walker House was begun in 1929–30, but the other side of the courtyard was completed in 1936–37 with more traditional brick 6-storey buildings. The total number of flats was 310. Chamberlain House, Levita House, the southern part of Walker House and the associated shops and The Cock Tavern public house are all Grade II listed buildings.
In 2004–07, Levita House was extensively refurbished by Sprunt Architects, which included creating larger flats, external refurbishment of the fabric and transformation of the courtyard areas.

</doc>
<doc id="31061258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061258" title="Ernest Smythe">
Ernest Smythe

Ernest Meade Smythe (25 March 1904 – 9 July 1975) was an English cricketer and Indian Army officer. His batting and bowling styles are unknown. He was born in Ealing, Middlesex and educated at Allhallows School in Somerset.
Smythe played for Devon in the 1928 Minor Counties Championship, playing three matches against the Kent Second XI, the Surrey Second XI and Cornwall. In November 1930, he played his only first-class match for the Bengal Governor's XI against the Bengal Governor's XI v Maharaj Kumar of Vizianagram's XI at Eden Gardens, Calcutta. In the Bengal first-innings he scored 1 run before being dismissed by Ghulam Mohammad and in their second-innings he scored 6 runs before being dismissed by Mushtaq Ali. With the ball he took a single wicket, that of C.R. Nayudu for the cost of 19 runs.
With the Japanese declaration of war against the British Empire during World War II, Smythe was drafted into the Indian Army as an emergency commission in February 1942, holding the rank of 2nd Lieutenant. He died in St Columb Major, Cornwall on 9 July 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31061269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061269" title="Robert Miller (bishop)">
Robert Miller (bishop)

Miller was and educated at Trinity College, Dublin and ordained for Christ Church Derry in 1892. He was Rector of Donegal from 1894 to 1900. After a further incumbency at Raphoe he was Secretary of the Incorporated Society for Promoting Protestant Schools in Ireland until 1916. He was Dean of Waterford from then until 1919 when he became Bishop of Cashel, Emly, Waterford and Lismore- a post he held until his death on 13 March 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="31061272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061272" title="Fred Petersen">
Fred Petersen

"For the architect see Fred A. Petersen"
Fred Petersen is a Samoan rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
Petersen played for the Penrith Panthers between 1996 and 2001, playing in 15 National Rugby League matches. He played for the Junior Kiwis in 1997. In 2000 he was named in the Samoan squad for the World Cup. During the first match against Ireland he was concussed and he did not play in another match in the competition.
He joined the Sydney City Roosters in 2003 and played in two first grade matches for the club. In 2004 he joined the Parramatta Eels but spent the season in the NSWRL Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="31061280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061280" title="Robert de Bardis">
Robert de Bardis

Robert de Bardis was a 14th-century Chancellor of the University of Paris and a member of the Florentine Bardi banking family. He became chancellor of the Sorbonne in 1336. His financial resources placed him on the same level as the chancellor of Seville. de Bardis was a highly regarded scholar of St. Augustine and a friend of Petrarch.
Involvement with heresy courts.
It is likely that the papal commission which prosecuted Nicholas of Autrecourt acquired information from the Bishop of Paris and de Bardis.
In the spring of 1347 the examination of the ideas of John of Mirecourt began in response to a letter to the university from Pope Clement VI. After charges were brought against him, John of Mirecourt presented the written text of "Lectura". de Bardis submitted the text to a select group of regent masters who were given the work of evaluation. The task was a two-stage process which was similar to the proceedings against William of Ockham which took place at Avignon. The language of the official list and condemnation has survived.

</doc>
<doc id="31061294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061294" title="Sunrise Historic District">
Sunrise Historic District

The Sunrise Historic District, also known as the community of Sunrise, Washington, is located on a ridge overlooking the northeast side of Mount Rainier in Mount Rainier National Park. The district comprises seven individual structures designed in accordance with the principals of the National Park Service Rustic style. The area is inhabited and open to the public only during a brief period in the summer season.
Planning.
The area was originally known as Yakima Park, and became accessible with the construction of a new road in the northeastern portion of the park, planned by Ernest A. Davidson of the National Park Service Landscape Division and the Bureau of Public Roads. Davidson prepared a master plan for Yakima Park, by way of contrast to development in the southern portion of the park at Paradise and Longmire, where haphazard development had become a significant management problem. Davidson's plan included a large hotel supporting a community of housekeeping cabins, an automobile service station, toilet facilities, and the unique blockhouses and stockade. 
Initial construction was completed in 1932 with the first phase of the Sunrise Lodge, the Sunrise Comfort Station, the service station, the South Blockhouse and the Stockade. The North Blockhouse and Community Building were completed in 1944.
Structures.
Sunrise Lodge.
The Sunrise Lodge is a large shingled structure with a steeply-pitched roof, built by the Rainier National Park Company in 1931. The 2-1/2 story building was intended to be the first wing of a resort hotel. It was built in about six weeks, serving as the centerpiece of a complex of 200 tourist cabins. The lodge accommodated dining facilities and staff dormitories. The cabins were removed through the late 1930s and 40s, sold to Eastern Washington farmers for migrant labor housing, or for housing around Puget Sound. Foundations for another wing of the planned U-shaped hotel were excavated, but never completed. The incomplete hotel continued in its original function, and is open on a seasonal basis in the present day.
Designation.
The area was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 31, 1991. The Yakima Park Stockade Group was declared a National Historic Landmark on May 29, 1987. The Sunrise Comfort Station was individually listed on the NRHP on March 13, 1991. The Sunrise Historic District is in turn part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31061303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061303" title="Zeda Rosenberg">
Zeda Rosenberg

Zeda Fran Rosenberg, Sc.D., microbiologist, epidemiologist and widely recognized expert in HIV biology and prevention, serves as the chief executive officer of the International Partnership for Microbicides (IPM). IPM was founded by Dr. Rosenberg in 2002 and is a nonprofit organization dedicated to developing microbicides and other innovative HIV prevention products and making them available for women in developing countries.
Dr. Rosenberg received her undergraduate degree (BA) in biology and mathematics from Douglass College, Rutgers University, and both her master’s degree (SM) in epidemiology and her doctoral degree (ScD) in microbiology from the Harvard School of Public Health.
Dr. Rosenberg is widely regarded as a steadfast champion for developing new HIV prevention products, women’s empowerment and protecting women’s health. Her opinions and commentary have been featured in a variety of international media, including New York Times, The Globe and Mail (Canada), The Daily Nation (Kenya), Nature News and the South African Medical Journal. She has authored many scientific articles and has been a featured speaker at multiple high-level conferences and events, including the IAS Conference on HIV Pathogenesis, Treatment and Prevention, the International AIDS Conference, Women Deliver, and the United Nations General Assembly Special Session on HIV/AIDS.
Early career history.
From 1999 to 2002 Dr. Rosenberg was the scientific director for the HIV Prevention Trials Network (HPTN) at Family Health International (FHI). In that role, she managed scientific and operational coordination of international clinical trials in the prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV, sexual transmission and transmission of HIV through intravenous drug use.
From 1987 to 1999, Dr. Rosenberg worked in several capacities at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) at the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH). She was senior scientist in the Division of AIDS from 1995 to 1999. In that capacity, she directed HIV prevention clinical trials, providing leadership, planning, implementation, administration and evaluation of a global program of extramural research on the prevention of HIV transmission in adult populations.
Dr. Rosenberg also served as the assistant to the director and then assistant director for prevention research at NIAID from 1987 to 1995. In this position, she was responsible for all scientific research areas related to AIDS, functioning as a liaison and facilitating scientific exchange between intramural research laboratories and the office of the director. She also coordinated the NIAID Tuberculosis (TB) Research effort, representing NIH on the Public Health Service Task Force to Combat Multi-Drug Resistant TB and co-chairing the TB Research Subcommittee. In addition, she was responsible for coordinating other Institute disease-prevention activities, including in the areas of HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases.
At IPM.
Dr. Rosenberg provides vision, leadership and direction to IPM, which has become a leading product development partnership in the HIV prevention field. Under Dr. Rosenberg’s leadership, IPM has entered into six non-exclusive, royalty-free licenses with five major pharmaceutical companies — Bristol-Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences, Merck & Co., Pfizer and Tibotec Pharmaceuticals (division of Johnson & Johnson) — to develop, manufacture and distribute eight antiretroviral (ARV) products as microbicides in developing countries.
In 2011, IPM will initiate a Phase III clinical program to evaluate the dapivirine vaginal ring, an antiretroviral-based product that could potentially provide women with HIV protection for a month or longer. The program will involve up to 6,000 women in many communities throughout sub-Saharan Africa, where the HIV/AIDS epidemic has hit hardest.

</doc>
<doc id="31061304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061304" title="Studies in Iconography">
Studies in Iconography

Studies in Iconography is an annual peer-reviewed journal published by the Medieval Institute Publications of Western Michigan University. Since 2001, it is produced in collaboration with Princeton University's Index of Christian Art. The journal publishes articles (especially those with an interdisciplinary approach) on all aspects of iconography before 1600, and includes book reviews and thematic overviews of scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="31061314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061314" title="Sac County Courthouse">
Sac County Courthouse

The Sac County Courthouse in Sac City, Iowa, United States was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first Sac County courthouse was a two-story brick building that was constructed in 1860. The second courthouse, which was built in 1873, was destroyed in a fire in 1888. The present courthouse was built in 1889. J.M. Russell designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style. The county used $15,000 in insurance money and the same amount raised by county citizens to build the courthouse.

</doc>
<doc id="31061321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061321" title="Lorenzo Clayton">
Lorenzo Clayton

Lorenzo Clayton is a contemporary Navajo sculptor, printmaker, conceptual and installation artist. His artwork is notable for exploring the concepts of spirituality through abstract art.
Background.
Lorenzo Clayton was born and raised on the Tohajiilee Indian Reservation. Moving to New York City in 1973 Clayton earned his bachelors of fine arts from Cooper Union in 1977. Between graduation and his teaching career he worked in the printing industry, then, in 1993, he was named assistant professor at Cooper Union and has also served a lithography instructor at Parsons The New School for Design
Clayton is a professor in the printmaking department at Cooper Union.
Artistic career.
"I believe in the modality of abstraction as the core of human experience and expression. I know that this perception of abstraction is due to an indigenous and culturally-based disposition due to my being one half Navajo." - Lorenzo Clayton
Spiritual exploration.
Clayton's artwork is heavily influenced by the search for the spiritual, which he believes is seen throughout Indigenous cultures around the world. Through exploration of the ontological Clayton makes an effort for spiritual nourishment. 
In the 1986–1995 series "Richard's Third Hand" Clayton explored his own spirituality through his love for abstraction and assemblage. The series "Come Across" (1994–2000) had Clayton blending both Christianity and Navajo spirituality to explore a personal loss of self. This artistic and spiritual exploration shows the journey Clayton made to reconnect with his Navajo identity.
In 2006 Clayton exhibited his "mythistoryquest" installations at the National Museum of the American Indian, New York. The exhibition, titled "Expeditions of the Spirits", featured installation and paperworks, examining the parallels between Christianity and Indigenous religions.
Collaborations.
Collaborations with other artists and creators remain an imperative part of Clayton's career. In 2004 Clayton began working with fellow Cooper Union professor and engineer George Sidebotham on a series called "Inner Equations". With a mission to use scientific method to explore irrational thoughts and ideas, the two used Sidebotham's knowledge of mathematical formulae to attempt to explain spiritual growth and relationships. Originally installed at the Jersey City Museum and then the Heard Museum, the installation featured a series of chalkboards mounted on opposing walls, one side of the room is painted white, the other side is painted black, to represent positive and negative. The chalkboards have diagrams and scribblings all over them, reminiscent of the chalkboard works of Cy Twombly. The writings, diagrams, and equations show the benefits of good and bad relationships on a person. Clayton also displayed the journal he kept during the creation of the artwork. 
In 2009 Clayton collaborated with filmmaker and sound engineer Jacob Burckhardt to create "Current", a 3 minute video installation as part of Wave Hill's exhibition "The Muhheakantuck in Focus". Muhheakantuck is a Lenape word meaning "the river that flows both ways" and was the original name for the Hudson River. The group exhibition featured work by contemporary artists from North and Central America creating artworks about the effects of Henry Hudson's contact with Indigenous people. Burckhardt and Clayton created an interpretation of that literal meaning creating a video displaying the river moving in different directions and flows. It represents metaphorically the ongoing changes and history of the river, "suggesting that the contact between Henry Hudson’s Dutch expedition and the Lenape people was a pivotal point in time in the continuum of this force of nature." 
Notable exhibitions.
As well as exhibitions at various private galleries and other museums such as the Morris Museum, Museum of the Rockies, Seattle Center, Pratt Manhattan and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31061332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061332" title="Cosmic Guerilla">
Cosmic Guerilla

Cosmic Guerilla is a ZX Spectrum video game developed and published by Crystal Computing in 1983. It is a non-scrolling vertical shoot 'em up similar to "Space Invaders", converted from a 1979 Japanese arcade game by Universal. The game was developed in 100% machine code.
Gameplay.
"Cosmic Guerilla" is a two-dimensional fixed shooter game. The player takes control of a laser cannon at the bottom of the screen whose movement is limited to left and right, and must fire at the aliens above. In contrast to "Space Invaders" the aliens are arranged in a single vertical line on each side of the screen, with their movement being towards the centre, one or more at a time, in an attempt to capture and remove the player's shields. The aliens cannot be hit by the player's shots until they begin to move, and the player may only fire one projectile at a time, preventing weapon spamming. Once a row of shields has been removed, one of the player's "lives", is exposed and able to be captured. Occasionally a very fast "mothership" will appear and traverse the screen just above the player dropping bombs.
There are six levels of difficulty along with four game modes allowing combinations of the regular game, bonus enemies, and faster aliens. There is also a two player mode where players take alternative turns.
Reception.
"Cosmic Guerilla" was invariably compared to "Space Invaders", though "Sinclair User" described it as the "next step up", with its different scenarios and object arrangement. "Home Computing Weekly", "Sinclair User" and "ZX Computing" all praised the game's smooth graphics, though "HCU" felt that better use could have been made of the sound. The game was generally well received, and described variously as "incredibly addictive" and "very playable", and "highly recommended".

</doc>
<doc id="31061336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061336" title="Robert Parkhurst (died 1651)">
Robert Parkhurst (died 1651)

Sir Robert Parkhurst (1603 – August 1651) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1625 and 1651. He supported the Parliamentary cause in the English Civil War.
Parkhurst was the son of Sir Robert Parkhurst, Lord Mayor of London, and his wife Eleanor Babington, daughter of William Babington. He was baptised at Saint Mary Le Bow on 5 July 1603.
In 1625 Parkhurst was elected Member of Parliament for Guildford. He was re-elected in 1626 and in 1628 and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. 
Parkhurst inherited the estates including Pyrford on the death of his father in 1636 and was knighted at Dublin on 29 April 1638. In April 1640, he was re-elected MP for Guldford in the Short Parliament. He was elected again as MP for Guildford for the Long Parliament in November 1640. Parkhurst was a puritan and supported the parliamentarian cause. 
Parkhurst died at the age of 48 and was buried at Holy Trinity, Guildford on 21 Aug 1651.
Parkhurst married firstly Elizabeth Baker, daughter of Henry Baker. He married, secondly Silence Crewe, daughter of Thomas Crewe on 6 June 1642, in Saint Margaret, Westminster. His son Robert and John were also MPs.

</doc>
<doc id="31061340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061340" title="Carolyn Tomei">
Carolyn Tomei

Carolyn Tomei (born 1936) is a Democratic politician from the US state of Oregon. She serves in the Oregon House of Representatives for District 41, representing Milwaukie and parts of Southeast Portland, including Sellwood and Eastmoreland.
Early life and career.
Tomei was born in Charleston, West Virginia. She earned a bachelor's degree in psychology and a master's degree in social work from Portland State University.
Political career.
Tomei served on the Milwaukie Planning Commission in the 1990s and was elected to the Milwaukie City Council in 1996. In 1998, she ran for mayor of Milwaukie, and won a three-person race by 2–1 margin over her closest competitor. In 2000, she ran for an open seat in the Oregon House of Representatives, previously held by Republican Jane Lokan. In the general election, Tomei defeated Republican Dick Jones. She has been re-elected to the same seat five times.
Personal.
Tomei is married to Gary Michael, and the couple have 17 children, step children, and foster children. 
Beliefs.
Raised Roman Catholic, Tomei later identified herself as a secular humanist. In January, 2013, while leading the Oregon House in reciting the Pledge of Allegiance Tomei changed the words "one nation under God" to "one nation under love." In December, 2013, Tomei was endorsed by the Freethought Equality PAC because of her "commitment to promote a more secular government and a will to protect the rights of all people, including the now 20 percent of Americans that don't identify with any particular religion."

</doc>
<doc id="31061347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061347" title="Martin Železník">
Martin Železník

Martin Železník (born 9 November 1989) is a Slovak football midfielder who is free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="31061355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061355" title="Google Street View in Europe">
Google Street View in Europe

In Europe, Google Street View began on 2 July 2008 with the route of Tour de France being covered in parts of France and Italy. The service has since expanded to many European countries, while at the same time has been controversial in some countries due to laws and privacy concerns.
Development.
Early on, soon following the original introduction of Street View in the United States, there was talk of bringing the feature to Europe as well, but there were concerns over the legality of the feature due to stricter laws in most European countries than those of the United States regarding photography.
The first views anywhere outside the United States were introduced on July 2, 2008, when the Tour de France route was added. Nineteen camera icons, each indicating part of a French city or town and Cuneo, Italy, were included.
On October 14, 2008, camera icons were introduced in six French cities, Lille, Lyon, Marseille, Nice, Paris and Toulouse. At the same time, all other icons that had been introduced in France on July 2, as well as the one in Cuneo, Italy, were removed, representing the first time in Street View's history that a camera icon that once marked a place was removed. However, the amount of coverage that France had since July 2 was not diminished.
On October 27, 2008, four Spanish metropolitan areas were added to the list of growing street view locations in Europe: Madrid, Barcelona, Seville and Valencia.
On October 29, 2008, Italy received four camera icons for the localities of Florence, Milan, Rome and Lake Como.
On March 18, 2009, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands were added. In the case of Great Britain, only major centres were uploaded and even coverage of those city centres was incomplete. For example, Edinburgh was missing Street View images of two of its key thoroughfares: Princes Street and the Royal Mile (although portions of both were visible from adjoining streets that had been imaged).
In May 2009, Google Germany released a list of German cities that were to be scanned or rescanned in May and June 2009.
On August 18, 2009, areas in Switzerland and Portugal were added.
On October 7, 2009, parts of the Czech Republic were added.
On November 9, 2009, more locations in the Netherlands and Spain were added.
On December 2, 2009, more locations in France and Italy were added as well as various tourist sites in England.
On January 20, 2010, Sweden and Denmark were added, as well as more locations in the United Kingdom, Italy (7 regions are fully covered), Portugal, the Czech Republic (mostly Prague), and the Netherlands.
On February 9, 2010, Norway and Finland were added, with coverage of much of southern Norway and most of Finland. Imagery was updated for parts of the UK as well.
On March 11, 2010, 95% of the United Kingdom's roads, both rural and urban, covering a total of approximately 238,000 miles, were added. More locations in the Netherlands were also added.
On April 15, 2010, some major UK theme parks were added including Alton Towers, Thorpe Park, Chessington World of Adventures, and Legoland Windsor, as well as the Sea Life Centre in Weymouth.
In May 2010, Google Street View Cars and Trikes were seen in Croatian cities and towns such as Pula, Split, Dubrovnik, and the capital, Zagreb. This brings a Street View September dream to both Croatia and Andorra available.
In August 2010, Google Street View Cars were photographing Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney as well as Slovakia. Also, ten Street View cars were delivered to the Latvian capital Riga.
On September 30, 2010, the Republic of Ireland was added.
On December 8, 2010, parts of Romania were added. More locations in the Netherlands, Denmark, and Norway were also added.
On February 1, 2011, Street Views were added of several art museums across Europe, including the Palace of Versailles, the State Hermitage Museum, the Uffizi Gallery and Tate Britain.
In October 2011, the Bernina Railway between St. Moritz and Tirano was photographed and was added to Street View in early 2012. Bernina Railway is part of the Rhaetian Railway and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
On November 23, 2011, Street View became available for almost all of Belgium. While Street View content was recorded earlier, privacy issues kept Google from making it available to the public.
On February 22, 2012, Street View became available for 3 major cities in Russia: St. Petersburg, Moscow, and small parts of Kazan. Museum views were made available in Russia in 2011 for St. Petersburg's Hermitage Museum and Moscow's Tretyakov Gallery.
Street Views of Piotrkowska Street in Łódź, Poland were also released.
On March 21, 2012, Street View became available in Poland for most major cities and landmarks.
On April 19, 2012, 5 Ukrainian cities were added: Donets'k, Lviv, Kharkiv, Kiev, and Odessa.
On May 14, 2012, Estonia and Latvia were added. Nearby Lithuania is currently being photographed.
On September 26, 2012, Croatia and Andorra were added.
On October 30, 2012, Slovakia was added.
On January 31, 2013, Lithuania was added.
On March 8, 2013, Bulgaria and most major cities of Russia were added.
On April 23, 2013, Hungary was added. The Kaliningrad Oblast enclave of Russia was also added and almost all places in Poland and Romania, except for the major cities added earlier.
On October 10, 2013, Iceland was added.
On November 15, 2013, Venice was added, with photographs taken via backbacker and gondola.
On January 29, 2014 Slovenia and even more areas of Russia were added.
On June 5, 2014, Greece was added.
Timeline of introductions.
Note: Nearly all locations in Europe are available in high quality view.
Areas included.
Some indoor museum and garden (Volksgarten and Schönbrunn) views in Vienna. Ski pistes at the Sölden and Ischgl resorts.
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, and major roads. Small rural roads are missing in many parts of the country.
The Faroe Islands and Greenland have no coverage.
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Some snowmobile views in Svalbard, including a 200+ km return trip between Longyearbyen and Pyramiden
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Ceuta and Melilla have no coverage.
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Most towns, cities, villages, major and rural roads
Controversy.
Street View has been controversial in different countries for various reasons.
In September 2010, the Czech Republic banned any further capturing of Street View images. This occurred after more than half a year of unsuccessful negotiation between the Czech Republic and Google. However, on June 24, 2011 the cars started driving again, with the camera holder lowered by 30 centimeters for privacy reasons.
In November 2010, a British watchdog group said that Google broke the law by obtaining personal data from people. Britain said the company would not be fined for the breach.
In March 2011, legal action against Google Street View in Germany resulted in court ruling that the project is legal; however, Google later decided not to expand or update existing coverage of Germany by the service.
In April 2011, a temporary ban on Google Street View data collecting in Austria was lifted, after being imposed by national data protection agency in May 2010. Google announced it was satisfied with the decision, but also stated that it had no plans to offer Google Street View coverage in Austria in the foreseeable future.
In April 2013 Google was fined €145,000 for illegally recording information from unsecured wireless networks in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31061373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061373" title="Henry Hoobin">
Henry Hoobin

Henry Francis Hoobin (February 15, 1879 – July 20, 1921) was a Canadian lacrosse player. He was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
1908 Summer Olympics.
Henry Hoobin won a gold medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London as a member of the Canadian lacrosse team. At the time he was signed for the Montreal Shamrocks in the attack wing position.

</doc>
<doc id="31061380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061380" title="Mike Lang">
Mike Lang

Mike Lang was Chief Executive Officer of Miramax Films. He resigned March 16th, 2012
Lang was a former News Corp. executive. In that job he had a hand in acquiring MySpace and starting up Hulu. Lang was a consultant on the deal for Filmyard Holdings to purchase Miramax Films from Walt Disney Company. At closing he was named CEO of Miramax Films.

</doc>
<doc id="31061388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061388" title="Saxony, Indiana">
Saxony, Indiana

Located in the northeastern portion of the Indianapolis MSA (Metropolitan Statistical Area), Saxony is a mixed-use New Urbanism development that spans both sides of I-69 at Exit 210 in Hamilton County, Indiana. At full build-out, this $1.5 billion project will include a mix of corporate office, medical, contract research, retail, entertainment, civic, multi-family and single-family uses, all set within a framework that is home to leading edge companies, such as Helmer, Inc., IU Health, Intrametco, Community Health Network, STAR Financial Bank, Verus Partners, the Wesleyan Church Foundation, leading retailers and an affluent, vibrant workforce. The development currently is home to a number of service retailers such as hotels, banks, professional services and a post office.
Amenities.
Saxony straddles the Town of Fishers, Indiana and the City of Noblesville, both rapidly growing areas within affluent Hamilton County, Indiana. The Saxony area has become a hub for health care services, with the three largest Indiana-based health care providers having located major medical facilities there. In Saxony, IU Health has built a state-of-the-art hospital, Indiana University Health Saxony Hospital, which opened in December of 2011. IU Health Saxony Hospital will focus primarily on cardiovascular, orthopedic and spine surgical services (http://iuhealth.org/news-blog/detail/a-message-from-the-ceo/).
Community Health Network has built a primary and specialty care facility there as well. Community Health Pavilion Saxony provides the following services: cardiac testing, dermatology, endocrinology, family medicine, imaging, lab services, ob/gyn, orthopedics, pediatrics, rehab and sports medicine, and weight management (http://www.ecommunity.com/pavilion/index.aspx?pg=10197).
St. Vincent Health what started out as an outpatient facility, has expanded to the full service St. Vincent Fishers Hospital in the Saxony area. This facility provides a C.O.A.G. clinic, children’s services, diabetes care, emergency medicine, Health Connect services, mental and behavioral services, outpatient services, radiology, rehabilitation therapy, sleep disorder therapy, outpatient surgical services, and women’s health services (http://www.stvincent.org/Services.aspx?loc=2).
Hamilton Town Center, a open-air mall developed by Simon Property Group and Gershman Brown and Associates, is open in Noblesville. The mall features retail, dining, and entertainment venues (http://www.simon.com/Mall/?id=1214).
Saxony Lake and Beach, the center of the Lake District, opened in 2012. The 300' sandy beach is situated on 20 acre Saxony Lake. The beach is free and open to the public. - See more at: http://saxony-indiana.com/live/places/parks/saxony-lake-beach.html#sthash.JwbXrPNu.dpuf.
The Saxony Market, a weekly farmer’s market, makes an appearance in the community every Saturday during spring and summer, offering fresh produce from local vendors and farmers, along with live music and children's activities. 
In addition, the Fisher's Renaissance Faire has relocated to Saxony in 2011 following a recent expansion.
Development.
Republic Development, an Ohio-based developer, launched Saxony in 2001 and is in the process of overseeing build out of the development. When completed, Saxony is projected to have more than of office and light industrial space, 55 acres of parks and recreational areas, over 1,250 single and multi-family residential units, and more than of retail space with an expected daily workforce of more than 10,000 in and around Saxony (http://www.republicdev.com/communities/saxony.php). Republic Development has completed numerous residential and commercial projects in Indiana, Ohio, Florida, and North Carolina.
Demographics and Recognition in Hamilton County.
Fishers is ranked eighth on the National 100 Best Places to Live in America, 2010. For this award, CNNMoney.com reporters rated cities based on “job opportunities, fiscal strength, top-notch-schools, low crime, good health care, lots to do” and other factors. Fishers was also rated Top 100 Places to Live in 2010 by Relocate America.
In addition, Fishers was rated Best Place to Raise Your Kids and #1 Affordable Suburb in U.S. in 2009 by BusinessWeek.com.
Noblesville was rated #10 in Twenty-Five Best Places for Afforable Homes 2009 CNNMoney.com. The city was also a finalist for the 2010 All-American City Award presented by the National Civic League. Noblesville was among the Top 5 Best Places to Retire, as rated by MSN Money based on “affordable housing, good economy, good access to medical care, and a wide variety of leisure activities”.
Saxony received recognition through the 2008 dedication of a public art piece in the development’s Witten Park. The sculpture, entitled Rolling Rhythm, was created by Bloomington, Indiana artist Dale Enochs. Enochs was the winner of the Saxony Public Art Contest. Saxony/Republic Development also sponsor a scholarship awarded annually to two graduating seniors, one from Hamilton Southeastern High School, and one from Fishers High School. The scholarship recipients must show an aptitude for the visual arts, have overcome adversity, and plan to further their arts education.

</doc>
<doc id="31061391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061391" title="The Roosevelt Inn">
The Roosevelt Inn

The Roosevelt School was constructed in 1905 as an elementary school for grades first through sixth. The school was built primarily to service the needs of families in the city center. Initially two grades shared each class room, and on occasion the school would handle overflow from the high school. Due to growth in Coeur d'Alene, in the 1945 the school began serving only grades first through fourth. The building operated as a school through 1971 at which time a larger more modern school was erected. The original bell tower was destroyed during a wind storm in 1958. The bell tower was not fully restored until 1994.
After the building was no longer in use as an elementary school, the Board of Education used the facility as a storage and book depository until 1979. In 1979 the Board of Education sold the building to Jonas Marias who turned the Roosevelt School into an office building. During this renovation a third story was added to the building. This renovation reduced the original ceiling heights from 18 feet to 10 feet. The effects of this addition are seen in the bricks on the front facade which had to be installed to align the new windows. The school was operated as an office building from 1982 until 1992 when it was converted to a bed and breakfast and reopened in 1994.
Tina and John Hough purchased the property in 1999 and are the current Innkeepers. John Hough attended the Roosevelt School as a student from first to fourth grade.
The Roosevelt Inn Bed and Breakfast is located near downtown Coeur d'Alene four blocks away from Lake Coeur d'Alene in North Idaho. Operating as a bed and breakfast The Roosevelt Inn has fifteen rooms, including two that are wheelchair accessible. The Roosevelt is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is recognized as a historic inn in America.
A renovation of the bell tower took place in 2000, turning it into a two-story suite which looks out on Lake Coeur d'Alene. In 2008 the basement of the school was renovated into a banquet hall and meeting facility capable of seating up to 50 people.
In 2012, the Roosevelt Inn was featured in the season 1 finale of the Fox television show Hotel Hell with Gordon Ramsay. The show renovation changed the honeymoon suite, multipurpose room, the reception area, and much of the decor.

</doc>
<doc id="31061410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061410" title="Fred Peterson">
Fred Peterson

Fred Peterson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31061422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061422" title="Roman Republican governors of Gaul">
Roman Republican governors of Gaul

Roman Republican governors of Gaul were assigned to the province of Cisalpine Gaul (northern Italy) or to Transalpine Gaul, the Mediterranean region of present-day France also called the Narbonensis, though the latter term is sometimes reserved for a more strictly defined area administered from Narbonne (ancient Narbo). Latin "Gallia" can also refer in this period to greater Gaul independent of Roman control, covering the remainder of France, Belgium, and parts of the Netherlands and Switzerland, often distinguished as Gallia Comata and including regions also known as Celtica (Κελτική in Strabo and other Greek sources), Aquitania, Belgica, and Armorica (Britanny). To the Romans, "Gallia" was a vast and vague geographical entity distinguished by predominately Celtic inhabitants, with "Celticity" a matter of culture as much as speaking "gallice" ("in Celtic").
The Latin word "provincia" (plural "provinciae") originally referred to a task assigned to an official or to a sphere of responsibility within which he was authorized to act, including a military command attached to a specified theater of operations. The assignment of a "provincia" defined geographically thus did not always imply annexation of the territory under Roman rule. Provincial administration as such originated in efforts to stabilize an area in the aftermath of war, and only later was the "provincia" a formal, preexisting administrative division regularly assigned to promagistrates. The "provincia" of Gaul therefore began as a military command, at first defensive and later expansionist. Independent Gaul was invaded by Julius Caesar in the 50s BC and organized under Roman administration by Augustus; see Roman Gaul for Gallic provinces in the Imperial era.
Early Republican wars with the Gauls.
The early history of Romano-Celtic relations begins during a period of Gallic expansionism on the Italian peninsula, with the capture of Rome by Gauls in 390 BC (or more likely 387) and the suspiciously fortuitous rescue of the city by Camillus after the Romans had already surrendered. The Gauls who fought at the Battle of the Allia and captured Rome are most often identified as Senones. Over the next hundred years, the Gauls appear in classical sources as allies of the Etruscans and Samnites, but sometimes as invaders. Battles occur on Roman territory and on that held by Etruscans; by Italic peoples who later become Roman allies ("socii") willingly or under compulsion; and by the Gauls themselves. The defeat of the Senonian stronghold Sena (or "Senigallia") in 283 leads to nearly fifty years of mostly peaceful relations between Romans and Celts.
The accounts of these early military conflicts, written by Greek and Roman historians, are complicated by overlays of legend and moralizing. Although stereotypes of impetuous barbarians prevail, among the various historians the Gauls are sometimes portrayed as acting with honor, bravery, or respect, even in the face of Roman treachery. A priest named Fabius Dorsuo is said to have been allowed by the Gauls to carry out religious rituals during the siege of Rome; three Fabii occasioned outrage on both sides when they abused their responsibilities as ambassadors to the Gauls, and were even accused of having brought about the attack through their actions. Romans cast themselves as underdogs in hand-to-hand combat with physically superior Celts, to such an extent that guile or divine aid is seen as the most likely explanation when a Roman manages to win: T. Manlius earns the nickname ("cognomen") Torquatus by outsmarting a Gaul in single combat and stripping him of his torque; M. Valerius Corvus got his "cognomen" when a divinely-sent raven ("corvus") distracted his opponent. Regardless of factuality, these stories contributed to the fashioning of a distinctly Roman identity in relation to a Gallic "Other."
As the only foreign enemy to have taken the city, the Gauls represented a "Celtic threat" that loomed large in the Roman imagination for more than 300 years. Cicero could still malign Catiline in 63 BC with an accusation of plotting the overthrow of the government with the aid of Celtic armed forces. The fear and dread of inferiority engendered by the Gallic sack of Rome became enshrined in Roman foreign policy and myth as a virtually infinite quest to secure an ever-larger periphery; in his war against the Gauls and invasion of Celtic Britain, Caesar as proconsul could present himself as pursuing the old grudge to what Romans saw as literally the end of the world.
"Dictatores" and Celtic Italy.
The following table shows Early Republican military commanders against the Gauls on the Italian peninsula. These men were granted "imperium" as consuls and praetors, the highest elected offices in Roman government, and also as "dictatores". The dictatorship most likely originated as a military office; both Cicero and Livy thought that its purpose was to ensure strategic oversight and unified command in wartime — the "dictator" is he who gives the word ("dictum"). The Roman custom that a commander had to lay down arms outside the city limits ("pomerium") before entering also suggests how the powers of the "dictator" originally might have been restricted within the civil realm; he could not, for instance, override the people's tribunes. The "dictator" was nominated by a consul, not elected, and he was expected to step aside when the job was done, with a limit of six months considered standard. In contrast to the annual magistracies set by the religio-astronomical calendar, this six-month term coincides with the usual length of the military campaigning season, given its seasonality in antiquity. In 332 "(see table)", for instance, a "dictator" was nominated specifically in anticipation of a Gallic war, which in the event never materialized. In 360, a "dictator" had been named to quell the Celtic crisis "(Gallicus tumultus)"; one of the consuls that year had the specific task ("provincia") of dealing with the Gallic alliance based in Tibur (modern-day Tivoli). Both commanders succeeded in their missions, but only the constitutionally elected consul was granted the honor of a triumph. The "dictatores" continued most often to have a military role into the Middle Republic, but when Sulla revived the office in the late 80s, it had fallen into disuse for more than a century, in part because a system had developed for assigning provincial commands with administrative oversight as a result of permanent annexations of territories.
Annexing Cisalpine Gaul.
The Roman takeover of Cisalpine Gaul, or "Gaul on this side of the Alps," was a gradual process of long duration. "It was in Liguria, in the Celtic lands of the Po Valley, and in Venetia and Histria," notes Fergus Millar in his classic essay "The Political Character of the Classical Roman Republic, 200–151 B.C.," "that the Romans of this period exhibited a consistent and unremitting combination of imperialism, militarism, expansionism, and colonialism." Although sources for much of the period are sketchy, with the exception of Polybius, it becomes nearly impossible to argue that Rome acted only defensively: "Rome's wars in the north of the Italian peninsula" — not only against the Gauls, but the Etruscans and the Italic peoples — "were largely of her own devising." Provincial assignments and military actions involving Liguria, Venetia, and Istria (Histria) are included in the table below when related directly to Gaul.
The "Ager Gallicus".
The defeat of the Senones and Boii in the late 280s had brought the occupation of the "Ager Gallicus" along the Adriatic and the establishment of the first Roman colony in previously Gallic territory. The "ager Gallicus", formerly in the possession of the Senones, was the land between Ariminum and Picenum, and was the first territory acquired by Rome in Cispadane Gaul.
Since that time, good relations between Rome and its Gallic neighbors had extended into a fifth decade. Polybius says that the "lex Flaminia agraria" of 232, which provided for the distribution of land in the "Ager Gallicus" to Roman citizens, threatened the existing peace with Gauls such as the Boii who bordered the "ager". Ostensibly, this land had been "ager publicus", that is, owned by the public; in practice, it was exploited for the benefit of the senatorial elite, who objected vehemently to the redistribution program.
The first Roman colonies in northern Italy were established in 218, but not until the end of the 2nd century could the Romans claim firm control of the region all the way to the Alps. After a series of decisive victories against Gauls and Ligurians in 200, "provinciae" pertaining to the Gauls take on an increasingly diplomatic and administrative character.
The province of Cisalpina at first was one of the military commands that might be assigned to the two consuls and six praetors before the territory had been annexed. A military command ("imperium") was sometimes extended past a magistrate's one-year term of elected office for a year or two (see "prorogatio"); this prorogation allowed Rome to maintain continuity in ongoing military operations under experienced officers while still controlling and limiting the number of individuals authorized to hold command.
After major military operations had ceased, the commander's abilities as an administrator were put to the test. In the absence of an ideal leader who was both a bold and experienced general and a masterful diplomat and meticulous administrator, provincial governorships were liable to exploitive practices of self-enrichment that damaged the legitimacy of Roman rule. Governed peoples had recourse through Roman courts for unjust acts committed against them by their governors, but because the case had to be presented by a Roman citizen, usually a "patronus" with a family history of relations to the offended parties, these prosecutions were almost always politicized. As the number of citizens in a province increased, so too their connections to powerful families in Rome and the network of mutual obligations from which they could expect to benefit.
By the late Republic, Cisalpina of all the Roman provinces had the greatest number of citizens in its population; although the difficulties of travel might stand in the way of participating in Roman elections, northern Italy offered significant blocs of voters for Romans who cultivated their clients well. Popularist politicians in particular were associated with the cause of extending citizenship to the disenfranchised, and were accused by the conservative oligarchs of doing so merely to build loyalty and acquire votes. Toward the end of the Social War in 89, all free men in Cisalpine Gaul south of the Po River (Latin "Padus") — that is, Cispadane Gaul, "Gaul on this side of the Po" — had become entitled to Roman citizenship.
Many Transpadanes, or residents of Cisalpina north of the Po, were Romans or held Latin rights, but the issue of blanket citizenship was not fully resolved until 49, with the passage of a law by Caesar. After 42 BC, Cisalpina was so thoroughly incorporated into the Roman system of government that it was no longer assigned as a province; the region was administered directly from Rome and by the same forms of municipal government as the rest of the Italian peninsula.
In Latin sources before "ca." 100 BC, "Gallia" is a flexible word that refers often to Cisalpine Gaul alone, but sometimes to Gaul as an indefinite totality and sometimes in a very limited sense to only Cispadane Gaul. The following table lists consuls, praetors and promagistrates — no "dictatores" are recorded against the Gauls — assigned to "Gallia" until 125 BC, when the administration of Cisalpina should be considered in light of actions in Transalpine Gaul. After 197 BC, commanders of praetorian rank are no longer assigned to Liguria or against the Gauls; military operations in northern Italy are usually conducted by both consuls during this period, or one consul if another war was being waged abroad.
Transalpine Gaul.
"Gallia Transalpina" at first could refer broadly to "Gaul on the other side side of the Alps," but after the conquest of Mediterranean Gaul in the 120s BC came to specify the Roman province in the south ("Provincia nostra", "our Province," hence Provence). Because the term "Transalpina" had a history of usage in the more general sense, the province was often called the Narbonensis, after the colonial headquarters in Narbonne. The establishment of the Transalpine province is usually dated to the military victories of Domitius Ahenobarbus and Fabius Maximus over the Arverni and Allobroges in the 120s, and the refounding of Narbo as a Roman colony in 118 BC. Evidence is scant, however, that Transalpina was assigned as a province over the next 15 years, until the Cimbrian invasions compelled the Romans to take action. There may have been no regular administration until after the victories of Gaius Marius in 101 BC. The historical record of Transalpine promagistracies continues to be sketchy until the 60s, with a few exceptions such as Valerius Flaccus's tenure "ca." 85–81 BC, one of the longest known Gallic governorships.
During the Republic, the provinces of Cisalpina and Transalpina were governed sometimes jointly, sometimes separately; Caesar was allotted both provinces, and in his first five-year term divided his time between military campaigns in Transalpina and administrative duties in Cisalpina during the winter months. One factor in the Roman drive to control southern Gaul had been the desire for a secure land route to the Iberian peninsula ("Hispania"), where the Celtiberians ("Celtiberi") also spoke a form of Celtic or a language closely related to it, with at least some cultural similarities to the other Celts. Hispania Citerior and Hispania Ulterior had been administered as provinces since 197 BC as a result of the Second Punic War, which also had ignited the first direct if postponed Roman interest in southern Gaul; the first Roman colonies had also been established in Cisalpine Gaul during this time.
In the table following, when a governor is listed for Cisalpina only, he may also have governed Transalpina in the absence of another known official, and vice versa; at times, however, Hispania Citerior and Transalpina were governed jointly instead. Political and military factors determined whether and how these provincial assignments were combined, including shifting alliances among those governed, strategic considerations during the Social Wars and Roman civil wars, the availability of experienced administrators and commanders, and jockeying to maintain a balance of power among Roman oligarchs. Following the civil wars of the 40s, "Narbonensis" seems to refer specifically to the established province in southern Gaul, while "Transalpina" may include new territories claimed through Caesar's military campaigns in formerly independent Celtica and formally organized later by Augustus.
Triumviral years.
In the tumultuous period following Caesar's death, during the ascendancy of the Second Triumvirate, Gaul was acted upon by various commanders, until M. Vipsanius Agrippa arrived as proconsul in 39 to quell unrest. Scholars have paid relatively scant attention to the question of why Gaul failed to take advantage of Rome's disarray during the civil wars of the 40s and 30s to revolt "in toto"; it is sometimes assumed that the population was too decimated to take a stand, but the numbers in so far as they are known make this unlikely. In 57, for instance, Caesar had reported that the Nervii had 50,000 men of fighting age; he supposed that only 500 survived the Battle of the Sabis, but five years later they were able to provide a force of 5,000 men. Although the figures may be unreliable in the absolute, they indicate the resilience of the population. In 52, after the surrender of the pan-Gallic army at Alesia, Caesar had granted amnesty to the armies of both the Arverni and Aedui, each of which he estimated at 30,000 men, and sent them home. After the failure of Vercingetorix's strategy of massing allied forces, the surviving Gallic leaders had continued to wage a guerrilla war with some success and hope of attrition, until Marcus Antonius (Mark Antony) came to an arrangement with the last Celtic king known to retain his independence, Commius of the Atrebates, who had led the relief forces at Alesia. Over the course of the following two decades, Gallic losses in the 50s would have been replaced by the maturation of the male population, while available Roman forces were largely occupied by fighting each other. The Gauls may have imagined that the Romans would weaken themselves in civil war to such an extent that a rebellion was moot or not worth the trouble; Caesar reports that the Gauls kept themselves informed about political events in Rome that might affect them.
In 44 BC, Antony was the proconsul assigned to both Cisalpina and Transalpina; his ability to come to an understanding with the Gauls, as demonstrated by his arrangements with Commius, is further indicated by the willingness of a Sequanian leader to execute Decimus Brutus at his behest. This Brutus had served in Gaul under Caesar from 56 (or earlier). Although his experience in Gallic relations exceeded that of his peer Antony, whose earliest appearance in Caesar's account of the war is around the time of the Battle of Alesia, Celtic antipathy may have been spurred by Brutus's betrayal of Caesar, given the high value Celts placed on loyalty to their sworn leaders.
Broughton lists no Gallic governors after Agrippa through 31, the year with which "The Magistrates of the Roman Republic" concludes. Augustus began to reorganize Transalpine Gaul with its newly conquered territories into administrative regions in 27 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="31061440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061440" title="Emam Mohammad Bagher High School">
Emam Mohammad Bagher High School

Emam Mohammad Bagher (in Persian:) is a high school located in Isfahan, Iran. It is he main branch of the Emam Mohammad Bagher Higher Education Institute which consists of several elementary and high schools in Isfahan.

</doc>
<doc id="31061441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061441" title="2011 Volta a Catalunya">
2011 Volta a Catalunya

The 2011 Volta a Catalunya was the 91st running of the Volta a Catalunya cycling stage race. It started on 21 March in Lloret de Mar and ended on 27 March in Barcelona, and consisted on seven stages. It was the fifth race of the 2011 UCI World Tour season.
The race was won by rider Alberto Contador, who claimed the leader's white with green-striped jersey with a stage win on stage three, maintaining his advantage until the end of the race. Contador's winning margin over runner-up Michele Scarponi () was 23 seconds, and 's Daniel Martin completed the podium, 35 seconds down on Contador. Martin made the podium at the expense of rider Levi Leipheimer, who pulled out of the race before the final stage.
In the race's other classifications, 's Rubén Pérez took home the white jersey for amassing the highest number of points during stages at intermediate sprints, rider Nairo Quintana won the King of the Mountains classification, with finishing at the head of the teams classification.
Teams competing.
24 teams were invited to the 2011 Volta a Catalunya. The teams were:
Classification leadership.
In the 2011 Volta a Catalunya, three different jerseys were awarded. For the general classification, calculated by adding the finishing times of the stages per cyclist, the leader received a white jersey with green stripes on the sleeves, midsection, and collar. This classification was considered the most important of the Volta a Catalunya, and the winner of the general classification was considered the winner of the Volta a Catalunya. 
Additionally, there was also a sprint classification, indicated with a white jersey. In the sprint classification, cyclists received points for being one of the first three in intermediate sprints, with three points awarded for first place, two for second, and one for third.
There was also a mountains classification, indicated with a red jersey. In the mountains classifications, points were won by reaching the top of a mountain before other cyclists. All climbs were categorized, hors-, first, second, or third-category, with more points available for the higher-categorized climbs.

</doc>
<doc id="31061460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061460" title="Nicole Stenger">
Nicole Stenger

Nicole Stenger is a French born American artist, pioneer in Virtual Reality and Internet movies. In 1989-1991 she was a research Fellow at MIT (CAVS & Visual Arts Program, now merged into ACT). In 1991-1992 she was a Visiting Scholar at the Human Interface Technology Laboratory (Hitlab) in Seattle. Her works have been featured in the SIGGRAPH Art Show, the FILE Festival, the JavaMuseum, the Cartier Art Foundation and are part of the Database of Virtual Art (DVA). In 2013, she was included in the "Contemporary women artists on the web" collection of the National Museum of Women in the Arts, in Washington DC. 
Early VR works.
Between 1989-1992, she created "Angels", the first immersive movie. The project foundation was laid out at the Visual Arts Program at MIT, employing Wavefront's Advanced Visualizer on a Silicon Graphics personal IRIS. The VR work was done at the Hitlab (University of Washington) using VPL's Virtualization interface and its Body Electric software running on the IRIS. Angels is a real-time interactive immersive movie, a kind of travel in a virtual paradise. The participant uses a VPL Dataglove and high-resolution HRX goggles developed by Jaron Lanier. Following Tom Furness' theory, the artwork was developed for the three senses: vision, audio and touch, though the technological restraints at the time could only implement vision, audio, and a non tactile data glove. Each user starts his/her experience in front of an odd carousel that is a passage to more VR worlds. Touching one of the three angels’ hearts in the carousel, defines the range in which the following three segments will appear. The duration of the sections varies from just about 30" to 2'30". The brilliantly colourful environments are a gateway to more scenes. The angels' voices ask the users to interact with them, causing a story to open. The music was composed by Diane Thome.
While at MIT, Stenger also contributed to the seminal "Cyberspace First Steps" edited by Michael L. Benedikt with the now famous essay "Mind is a Leaking Rainbow".
Online works.
In the 1990s, after the completion of her VR project, Stenger worked on VRML works and developed online art projects that are early examples of web cinema. "My Faux Cinema"’s website (1998–2003) was a project composed of web pages with animated gifs, java applets, open source audio files, textual parts written by Stenger or sampled from the Internet. It included VRML movies, web books and “faux films”. Stenger’s web books, "To Dream or Not to Eat" (1998), "California Trilogy" (1996-2000), "Nature" (2000), "Nanfei in Waspland" (2000) show her innovative spirit.A web book is a kind of book with a story, a cover, an introduction, a conclusion, and a narrative of seven to twelve pages. The “faux films”, "Fresh!" (2000) and "Bitchery" (2001), are stylistic jokes. They mimic cinema moving images through javascripts.
Recent works.
During the first decade of the 21st century, Stenger worked on a series of VRML movies and environments, which, though she had no more access to VR interfaces, were still conceived for immersion. In 2001 she created "Chambers". The movie, completed days before 9/11, is an emotional journey through the different stages of a dying love. Towards the end of the decade, Stenger concluded her Virtual Reality trilogy with "Dynasty" (2007-2009). Dynasty is composed of 15 scenes with music by Tchaikovsky. The movie is a travel through time, in which users revisit their childhood and meet their ancestors from a remote past. 
In 2011 Stenger completed "The Isle That Was A Book", another VRML piece, based on a 1970s Beat Poetry book with 14 texts read by Stenger. In 2012, she composed a short story for Twitter called "IS IT U, I U?" "(I U=Internet Unicorn)". Her last published work is "TheyNuked My Lettuce!" (2012). Created in Machinima style, this 3D/2D animation is a cautionary tale on the effects of cyberwar on our daily lives.

</doc>
<doc id="31061468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061468" title="Wheel of Manchester">
Wheel of Manchester

The Wheel of Manchester is a transportable Ferris wheel installation at Piccadilly Gardens, Manchester, England. The current incarnation has operated since 2013. The wheel was originally a smaller installation based in Exchange Square, first assembled in 2004. The wheel's size was increased to in 2007, and plans existed to increase this further. However, these plans were never submitted. The wheel was dismantled in 2012 to make way for 2012 Olympics celebrations and Metrolink construction work. In 2013, a new wheel was installed in Piccadilly Gardens.
History.
2004–2007.
The first wheel was first installed in 2004 which was a success and consequently a larger wheel was erected in May 2007.
2007–2012.
The wheel returned in May 2007 and was response by the Manchester Evening News. A larger wheel was initially planned for 2008, but it was never installed. In 2010, Manchester City Council proposed a wheel, to be operated by World Tourist Attractions, as a replacement for the existing transportable installation, with Piccadilly Gardens the possible site and completion expected by Christmas 2011. The installation was later taken over by Great City Attractions when World Tourist Attractions merged with Great Wheel Corporation. In 2011 it became known as The Capital Wheel of Manchester, through a sponsorship deal with Capital FM. Although plans for a larger wheel were not publicly rejected, they never materialised.
The wheel was removed in April 2012. Great City Attractions recommended to move the wheel to another area of the city such as Piccadilly Gardens, but this was rejected with the Council airing concerns about the wheel limiting space in Piccadilly. Manchester City Council stated that they thought the wheel had "probably run its course in terms of an attraction" since its opening in 2004. The Council also added that space in Exchange Square was required for a number of reasons, including public viewing space for the 2012 Olympics and space for adjacent redevelopment projects, such as Exchange Square Metrolink station, the Metrolink second city crossing on Corporation Street, and the renovation of The Triangle. Following its last day of operation on 15 April 2012, it was dismantled and moved to Edinburgh.
The removal of the Ferris wheel was welcomed by some who believed the wheel had run its course as an attraction. Tony Wilson, one of Manchester's most famous cultural patrons, hated the Ferris wheel stating: "It ruins a perfectly good square and it's a poor imitation of something London's done a lot better. We shouldn't be doing it."
2013–present.
In 2013, a new wheel returned to Manchester to replace the original one for the New Years celebrations. The wheel is now based at Piccadilly Gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="31061485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061485" title="J. Dudley Woodberry">
J. Dudley Woodberry

Dr. J Dudley Woodberry (born 1934) is dean emeritus and senior professor of missions at Fuller Theological Seminary School of World Missions, specializing in Islamic studies. While most of Woodberry’s time is currently spent teaching and writing for scholarly publications, he has also served as a missionary and teacher in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and Afghanistan (amongst many other Islamic countries). Woodberry has acted as editor for (from most recent to oldest): "Paradigm Shifts in Christian Witness: Insights from Anthropology, Communication, and Spiritual Power" (2008); R"esources for Peacemaking in Muslim-Christian Relations: Contributions from the Conflict Transformation Project" (2006); "Muslim and Christian Reflections On Peace: Divine and Human Dimensions" (2005); "Reaching the Resistant: Barriers and Bridges for Mission" (1998); "Missiological Education for the Twenty-First Century: The Book, the Circle, and the Sandals" (1996); and "Muslims and Christians on the Emmaus Road: Crucial Issues in Witness Among Muslims" (1991)
Woodberry’s primary contribution to the field of Islamic-Christian relations has been in the area of Christian evangelism to Muslims, theological comparative works, as well as numerous reflections and articles concerning relevant topics in the world of Christian Muslim relations. Woodberry also emphasizes a holistic approach to missions that is theologically sound, learned in behavioural sciences, and is not ignorant of mission and church history.
Background.
Woodberry was born to American missionary parents working in the Chinese province of Shandong in 1934. He became a Christian “in a childlike way” at the age of three while his family was on furlough back in the States. Upon returning to China, Woodberry recalls surviving an incident where he fell into the freezing Yantai harbour and barely survived the subsequent pneumonia. This incident (in Woodberry’s own words), “led to a sense that I had been saved for a purpose”. Woodberry would later be sent to the China Inland Mission School in Chefoo where, due to the outbreak of World War II, he would be detained as a prisoner of war by the Japanese. Eventually Woodberry (and his brothers and sisters) were exchanged for Japanese civilians in America and, after a year of separation from his parents, he was reunited with them.
Life in America.
Woodberry began his life in America in Upstate New York after a brief stint at Cornell University where his parents studied agriculture. When his Father then decided to move back to China, Woodberry followed his mother and one sister to Nyack, NY where she taught missions at the Missionary Training Institute (now Nyack College). At the age of 13, Woodberry went to boarding school at The Stony Brook School in Stony Brook, Long Island, where he developed a strong work ethic and saw continued growth in his heart for missions.
Eventually choosing to attend Union College in Schenectady, New York, (where he obtained a Bachelors of Art) Woodberry soon found himself growing restless and soon embarked on a ministry tour of Latin America – eager to ignite his passion for missions. It was at a stopover in Havana, Cuba where Woodberry sensed he should enter seminary teaching “as a means of equipping indigenous Christians for ministry”. His calling to specifically focus on evangelizing to Muslims was confirmed on a trip to Lebanon where he observed the Palestinian refugee camps and began to “sense some of the issues of peace and justice that must be part of a holistic Gospel”.
Fuller Theological Seminary and American University of Beirut.
After time spent travelling, Woodberry enrolled at Fuller Theological Seminary where he would create the International Studies Program, and eventually arrive at the American University of Beirut where he would begin his formal Islamic studies under Arab Christian scholars and other notable personalities such as St John Philby. It was here in Beirut, after much time spent in study and travel, that Woodberry would eventually find his future wife, Roberta Smith, who was studying at the Beirut College for Women. Woodberry received a Masters of Divinity from Fuller, and an MA from the American University of Beirut. While in the Middle East, he also had the opportunity to study with scholars of Islam and Christian-Muslim relations such as Kenneth Cragg and Daud Rahbar.
Harvard Years.
Soon, Smith and Woodberry married and settled down in Cambridge, Massachusetts where they welcome their first two sons (John and Bob) while Woodberry continued his education at Harvard University. It was here in Massachusetts that Woodberry began his ministry to international students, as a staff member at Park Street Church where Harold Ockenga served as pastor. At Harvard, Woodberry studied under leading scholars in the field of Islamic studies including Sir Hamilton Gibb, George Makdisi, Wilfred Cantwell Smith, Seyyed Hossein Nasr, and Annemarie Schimmel who greatly influenced him though they may not have supported his calling to evangelize to the Muslims. His field of study, Islamic Fundamentalism, was seen as a topic of little value at that time. Woodberry would graduate from Harvard in 1968, having completed his Ph.D. in Islamic Studies and writing his dissertation on "Hassan al-Banna's Articles of Belief."
Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Saudi Arabia.
Sensing a call back to missions, Woodberry and his family moved to Pakistan with the support of the Presbyterian Program Agency of the United Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A. It was here that they gave birth to their third and final son, David. During a furlough to Kabul, Afghanistan, Woodberry acted as an advocate for two Pakistani missionaries who had been incarcerated for handing out the Gospel of Luke. Due to Woodberry’s knowledge of the Qur’an, he was able to develop an argument that would be accepted by the Muslim authorities and subsequently secured the release of the missionaries. It was due to this incident with the law that Woodberry began to further develop his thoughts regarding Christian ethics, specifically the limitations of government imposed law when it contradicts Christian commandments. From here, Woodberry continued to Saudi Arabia where he pastored a large church before being shut down by the government. Again, Woodberry used Muslim writings, a letter from the Prophet Muhammad to Najran that allowed priests or pastors to continue in ministry as long as they paid the jizya, to eventually see the house churches re-opened. Eventually, with his family in mind, Woodberry returned to America to teach at Reformed Bible College (now Kuyper College) in Grand Rapids.
Zwemer Institute and further time at Fuller.
From Grand Rapids, Woodberry moved to California where he was able to pursue a joint teaching position with the Zwemer Institute at the U.S. Center for World Mission and Fuller Theological Seminary. It was here that Woodberry had the resources to focus intently on missiological issues pertaining to Islam. After some initial reluctance, Woodberry accepted the deanship of Fuller’s School of World Mission. Woodberry emphasizes a core curriculum containing “Word of mission, World sciences like anthropology, and Church from mission history and church growth”.

</doc>
<doc id="31061488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061488" title="Ullrich Libor">
Ullrich Libor

Ulrich "Ulli" Libor (born 27 March 1940) is a German sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" at the 1968 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31061490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061490" title="Percy Williams (rugby league)">
Percy Williams (rugby league)

Percy Williams was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
Early years.
Williams originally played rugby union and represented Auckland.
Playing career.
Williams played for Wigan for three seasons between 1910/11 to 1912/13. During this time he played in 111 matches for the club in the Lancashire League, including in the 1911 Challenge Cup final loss.
In 1913 he was called into the New Zealand squad, joining them mid-way through their tour of Australia. Williams was said to be instrumental in New Zealand's 17-11 upset victory over New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="31061495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061495" title="Amino acid response">
Amino acid response

Amino acid response (AAR) is the mechanism triggered in mammalian cells by amino acid starvation.
The amino acid response pathway is triggered by shortage of any essential amino acid, and results in an increase in activating transcription factor ATF4, which in turn affect many process by sundry pathways to limit or increase the production of other proteins.
Leucine starvation.
PCAF is recruited specifically to the CHOP amino acid response element (AARE) to enhance the ATF4 transcriptional activity.

</doc>
<doc id="31061501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061501" title="Robert Parkhurst (died 1674)">
Robert Parkhurst (died 1674)

Sir Robert Parkhurst (died 1674) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659. 
Parkhurst was the son of Sir Robert Parkhurst and his wife Elizabeth Baker, daughter of Henry Baker. He was admitted at Emmanuel College, Cambridge on 24 May 1647 and admitted at Inner Temple on 30 October 1648. He inherited the estates including Pyrford on the death of his father in 1651 
In 1659 Parkhurst was elected Member of Parliament for Guildford in the Third Protectorate Parliament. He was knighted on 9 June 1660. 
Parkhurst died in 1674 and was buried at Holy Trinity, Guildford on 20 November 1674.
Parkhurst married Sarah Gayer, daughter of Sir John Gayer of Stoke Poges, Buckinghamshire. His brother John was also an MP.

</doc>
<doc id="31061557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061557" title="2011 Gent–Wevelgem">
2011 Gent–Wevelgem

The 2011 Gent–Wevelgem was the 73rd running of the Gent–Wevelgem cycling race, held on 27 March 2011. 's Tom Boonen won the race in a sprint finish ahead of rider Daniele Bennati and Tyler Farrar of .
Teams.
As this is a UCI World Tour event, the organisers are obliged to give a place to each of the 18 ProTour teams. They also invited 7 wild card teams, indicated with an asterisk below. Each of the 25 teams were permitted up to eight riders: 196 riders began the race.

</doc>
<doc id="31061559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061559" title="Eric Tagliacozzo">
Eric Tagliacozzo

Eric Tagliacozzo is Professor of History at Cornell University, where he teaches Southeast Asian history. He is the director of Cornell's Comparative Muslim Societies Program, the director of Cornell Modern Indonesia Project, and the contributing editor of "Indonesia" journal. Tagliacozzo received his B.A. from Haverford College in 1989 and his Ph.D. from Yale University in 1999. His teachers include Ben Kiernan, James C. Scott, and Jonathan Spence.
Research.
Tagliacozzo's research focuses on the history of people, ideas, and material in motion in and around Southeast Asia, especially in the late colonial age. His first book, "Secret Trades, Porous Borders: Smuggling and States Along a Southeast Asian Frontier" (Yale, 2005), which won the 2007 Harry Benda Prize, examined many of these ideas by analyzing the history of smuggling in the region. Several edited volumes also look at Southeast Asia’s connections with the Middle East; at the idea of Indonesia over a two thousand year-period; and at the meeting of History and Anthropology generally (and conceptually) as disciplines. His newest book, "The Longest Journey: Southeast Asians and the Pilgrimage to Mecca" (Oxford, 2013) attempts to write a history of this very broad topic from earliest times to the present.
Publications.
Books
Refereed Articles and Book Chapters

</doc>
<doc id="31061566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061566" title="Peter Naumann">
Peter Naumann

Peter Naumann (born 12 October 1941) is a German sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" at the 1968 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics with Ullrich Libor.

</doc>
<doc id="31061570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061570" title="Panteg Steel Works">
Panteg Steel Works

The Panteg Steel Works was situated in the village of Panteg, adjacent
to Sebastopol, and Griffithstown, in the district of
Torfaen, South Wales. The steel works was founded in
1873, and operated for over 130 years until its
closure in 2004. A number
of 'firsts' occurred at Panteg Steel Works during its long life, including the
first full production of stainless steel in the UK outside Sheffield in 1944,
Planning permission was given to turn the works into residential housing in 2010, when the site became the Parc Panteg housing estate.
History.
In 1873 the Panteg Steel and Engineering Company Ltd was founded by Sampson
Copestake & Co, to produce steel rails and other items for export to India. The works were supervised by Captain J.R. Wright, Isaac Butler and Benjamin Smith. It is claimed that the first sheet steel in Britain was rolled in Staffordshire in 1876 from a bloom made in Panteg by Isaac Butler. In 1882 the site was acquired by Wright, Butler and Co Ltd. The works was taken over by Baldwins Ltd in 1902 and a Wellman furnace charging machine was installed, the first machine of its kind to be introduced in Wales. During the First World War, Panteg Steel Works was engaged in making steel for munitions, much like other steel works throughout Britain.
In 1935 an electric arc furnace of 5 tons capacity was introduced, followed by 10 ton electric arc furnaces in 1940 and an increase in electrical capacity in 1944. These developments enabled production to be increased during the Second World War, when Panteg produced armour plating, armour piercing steel and high manganese steel for helmets. In 1945 Baldwins Ltd merged with Richard Thomas Ltd to form Richard Thomas and Baldwins (RTB) Ltd. Panteg then became one of the leading producers of high-grade alloy steels, including stainless steels. In 1951 the works was nationalised briefly under the Iron & Steel Corporation of Great Britain, but later in 1951 it reverted to Richard Thomas & Baldwins Ltd and a cold strip plant was installed.
In 1957 Arthur J. Pritchard described how Panteg Steel Works had enjoyed thirty years of good industrial relations, unlike many other sites of heavy industry during the same period. He gave the credit for this to a management policy known as "Sociability", which included a social club and a welfare programme. The social club was located at Panteg House, which had previously been the residence of the Managing-Director, and offered a range of leisure facilities aimed at both workers and management. These included reading rooms, games rooms, bar, concert room, canteen and space for music and dramatic productions. Outside there were facilities for sports including football, cricket and tennis. The works also provided a medical service which consisted of a surgery and a doctor who was available for consultation by all staff, regardless of their status. By providing valued benefits, and enabling a culture of interaction and discussion, Pritchard believed that the management of Panteg Steel Works had made it easy to find agreement when round the negotiating table, and so avoid disruptive clashes with the workforce.
In 1967 Panteg Steel Works became part of the British Steel Corporation (BSC) and a new melting shop was built in 1971. The works became part of British Steel Plc in 1988 and a Horizontal Continuous Billet Casting Machine was introduced. By this stage 900 employees were producing stainless steel for a variety of products including beer kegs, sinks, hospital equipment and vehicle trim.
In 1992 the site was taken over by Avesta Sheffield Ltd, a company formed from the merger of British Steel Stainless Ltd and the Swedish company Avesta AB. Between 1992 and 1996, worldwide investment in the Stainless Long Products industry reached an intense level and competition from larger steel works put the Panteg Melting Shop under severe pressure. Although the work-force made determined efforts to remain competitive, closure of the melting shop was announced in September 1996. On 12 December 1996, the last furnace of cast steel was made at Panteg, but stainless steel coil processing of over 50,000 tonnes per annum continued.

</doc>
<doc id="31061581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061581" title="HTC canary">
HTC canary

HTC Canary is a smartphone released in November 2002 in Europe and China by the providers Orange and China Mobile, respectively.
Specifications.
Manufacturer: HTC
Distributor: Orange, China Mobile
Availability: Europe, China
Design type: Candybar
Released: November 2002
Operating System: Smartphone 2002
Memory: Ti OMAP 710 132 MHz
Additional Memory: SD & MMC cards
Screen Resolution: 176x220 64k colors
Bands: Tri-band GSM 900,1800,1900
Data: GPRS, WAP
Messaging: SMS, Email
Camera: Plug in adapter
IRDA: Yes
Bluetooth: No
WiFi: No
Java: No
Dimensions: x x 
Weight: 
Battery: Li-Ion mAh
Talk time: 3-5 Hours
Standby: 70-100 Hours
Ringtone: WAV, MIDI
Media Sounds: WMA, MP3
Media video: WMV
Speakers: One

</doc>
<doc id="31061591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061591" title="1970 Stockholm Open – Singles">
1970 Stockholm Open – Singles

The 1970 Stockholm Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts and part of the 1970 Pepsi-Cola Grand Prix and took place in Stockholm, Sweden. The tournament was held from November 1 through November 7, 1970. Stan Smith won in the final by beating Arthur Ashe 5–7, 6–4, 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="31061626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061626" title="2011 DFB-Pokal Final">
2011 DFB-Pokal Final

The 2010–11 DFB-Pokal season came to a close on 21 May 2011 when Duisburg played against Schalke 04 at the Olympiastadion in Berlin. For the first time since 2004 a team from the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga reached the final.
Schalke 04 won the cup for the fifth time after defeating Duisburg 5–0.
Match.
Summary.
The game started off with both teams neutralizating each other in the midfield area. Schalke had a little edge but could no create any chances for themselves. A few quick passes from the frontline of Schalke confused the defense from Duisburg after 18 minutes and Julian Draxler broke through between two defenders and made the opening goal from 20 metres. Schalke had then control over the game and as Jefferson Farfán made a run on the right side Klaas-Jan Huntelaar was ready for the cross to score the 2–0 just four minutes later. Schalke had a few other chances to raise the lead but after 30 minutes Duisburg got better into the game, and had some chances. The biggest one had Sefa Yılmaz after he had an open lane to the goal but somehow waited too long and the defense recovered and his shot went wide right. Later, Manuel Schäffler had a chance when he had his back to the goal with Christoph Metzelder on his back but his shot had not enough power to go past Manuel Neuer's goal. Schalke was struggling but Benedikt Höwedes scored the third goal two minutes before halftime after a corner kick where David Yelldell misread the ball and was too late. After the halftime the game was decided after Jurado scored the 4–0 after a nice pass from Huntelaar with more than 30 minutes to go. After that goal Schalke 04 controlled the pace of the game and Huntelaar scored his second goal after Ivica Banović from Duisburg passes to Goran Šukalo who lost the ball and Huntelaar scored from 10 metres after 70 minutes. Not much chances afterwards and the game ended in a comfortable 5–0 for FC Schalke 04 for their fifth title.

</doc>
<doc id="31061627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061627" title="North Wales rugby">
North Wales rugby

North Wales Rugby (Welsh: Rygbi Gogledd Cymru) was a representative rugby union team in and for north Wales. They competed annually in the Welsh County Championship and represented the region against international touring teams including the Tonga Sea Eagles, Romania, Japan and Western Samoa.
At age grade level they competed twice against touring New Zealand under 21 sides. 
The first notable player from North Wales was D.M.Johnston of HMS Conway school on Anglesey who toured South Africa in 1956 with Welsh Schoolboys. The tour party, who lost one game on an eight match tour, included Clive Rowlands who went on to gain senior Wales caps. 
In December 2009 at a Welsh Rugby Union press conference held at Ruthin Castle they were formally replaced by the new developmental regional rugby union team for north Wales RGC 1404.

</doc>
<doc id="31061628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061628" title="Mike Pelton">
Mike Pelton

Mike Pelton is the defensive line coach for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team. He previously served as the defensive line coach at Auburn University the past two seasons. He will coach his first game with the Yellow Jackets in fall of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31061670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061670" title="Simon VI">
Simon VI

Simon VI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31061703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061703" title="Simon V">
Simon V

Simon V may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31061745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061745" title="Simon III">
Simon III

Simon III may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31061746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061746" title="Ringgold County Courthouse">
Ringgold County Courthouse

The Ringgold County Courthouse in Mount Ayr, Iowa, United States was built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first Ringgold County courthouse was constructed in 1856. It was destroyed in a tornado two years later. A frame building was constructed for the second courthouse and the county paid $3,500 to have it built. The third courthouse was under construction when it was destroyed in a fire on Thanksgiving Day 1889. The new courthouse was a brick and stone building that was built for $36,455. That building was condemned in 1921. It was given, along with $500 to a house wrecker to be torn down. Voters approved a new courthouse in 1926. The three-story brick building measures 86 by 91 feet and was built at a cost of $132,533.

</doc>
<doc id="31061759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061759" title="Robert Parkhurst (Lord Mayor)">
Robert Parkhurst (Lord Mayor)

Sir Robert Parkhurst (c. 1569 – 1636) was an English merchant who was Lord Mayor of London.
Parkhurst was the son of Henry Parkhurst and his wife Alice Hills. He was a member of the Worshipful Company of Clothworkers and became an Alderman of the City of London. In 1628, he acquired estates at Pyrford. In 1625 he served as Sheriff of London and in 1635 he became Lord Mayor of London.
Parkhurst died in 1636 and was buried at Holy Trinity Church, Guildford on 27 October 1636 where there is a large monument to his memory.
Parkhurst married Eleanor Babington, daughter of William Babington. His son Robert was MP for Guildford.

</doc>
<doc id="31061760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061760" title="Watch My Dance">
Watch My Dance

"Watch My Dance" is a song by Cypriot singer Loucas Yiorkas featuring Stereo Mike. It is a laïko song set to a Zeibekiko dance rhythm, performed in Greek by Yiorkas, fused with rapped verses performed in English by Stereo Mike. It has represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. A snippet of the song was released by broadcaster Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation (ERT) on 9 February 2011 along with the other candidate songs from the national final, with the full song being presented by the broadcaster on 15 February 2011. On 2 March 2011, Yiorkas won a national final held by the broadcaster, competing against five other acts competing to represent Greece in the contest.
Background.
After an open call to record labels to submit proposals, on 11 January 2011, ERT officially announced the six candidates for the Greek national final, amongst them Loucas Yiorkas. Loucas Yiorkas chose the song "Watch my Dance" featuring Stereo Mike, written by Giannis Christodoulopoulos with lyrics by Eleana Vrahali. The lyrics are sung in Greek by Yiorkas and features English rapping by Stereo Mike. The song is a fusion of hip hop with the distinctively Greek music genres of zeibekiko and laïkó. There is heavy percussion in the laiko segment, which is uncustomary to traditional laiko.
Six acts competed on 2 March 2011 in the Greek National Final. The song was performed fifth in the final by Yiorkas and Stereo Mike. At the end of voting, "Watch My Dance" was revealed as the winner.
Eurovision.
Yiorkas and Stereo Mike performed in the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest in Düsseldorf, Germany, in the second half of the first semi-final of the contest on 10 May 2011. "Watch My Dance" won the first semi-final and competed in the final held on 14 May 2011.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="31061850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061850" title="Wandlebury Enigma">
Wandlebury Enigma

The Wandlebury Enigma refers to a number of suggested hypotheses about the purpose, function and decoration of Wandlebury Hill.
The first is the suggestion that an ancient hill figure had once been carved into the side of Wandlebury Hill, similar to the Cerne Abbas Giant. This was thought to have been overgrown or effaced in the 18th century. The figure was first recorded by Bishop Joseph Hall in 1605 and later by others including William Cole and John Layer. Investigation was carried out in 1954 by Thomas Charles Lethbridge, an archaeologist and parapsychologist. He found small lumps of chalk to the South of the hill and proceeded to survey the area with a sounding bar, probing areas of soft ground and disturbed chalk. By placing markers he was able to draw out the pattern of what he claimed were 3 hill figures picturing ancient British deities - A horse Goddess (Magog or Epona), a Sun God (Gog, Bel, Belinus or Lucifer) and a warrior figure with sword and shield. The Times reported on Lethbridge's discovery as a "previously lost, three thousand-year-old hill-figure". A later article about Lethbridge's efforts was written by W.A. Clark in 1997 which did not confirm his claims, nor did magnometer and resistivity meter testing. This suggestion was dismissed by Professor Glyn Daniel who commented that Lethbridge had not found any real antiquities but was "probably confusing geological features". A report by the Council for British Archaeology concluded that the 'hollows' were caused by common geological processes.
Another Wandlebury Enigma dismissed by Glyn Daniel that was featured in a 1978 Sunday Telegraph article is the "Line A Loxodrome" or "Cam Valley Loxodrome", a series of what retired geologist Christian O'Brien considered to be hand-carved stone monolith markers placed 1,430 metres apart between Wandlebury Earthworks and Portingbury Hills Mound at Hatfield Broad Oak, in Hatfield Forest. O'Brien stated that eleven of the original twenty-six stones are still in situ, with several others lying nearby. According to O'Brien local records indicate that at least one was moved due to it impeding modern agriculture.
The names suggested for the stones featured include the Wandlebury Stone, Great Chesterfield Stone, Bordeaux Stone, Wendens Ambow Stone, Shortgrove Monolith, Newport Stone (also known as The Leper Stone), Springfield Stone, and the Priory Stone. The line forms a perfect rhumb line, so that wherever an observer stands on the line between Wandlebury and Portingbury, the North Star is always at the same oblique angle. Based upon this alignment, O'Brien believed that the line's builders possessed knowledge that the Earth was round, and also of its approximate circumference. O'Brien believed it to have been created in the Bronze Age.
O'Brien was following up a suggestion put forward by Alfred Watkins that the Wandlebury bank had astronomical purposes. According to O'Brien dents point from its exact centre to the North Star, the midsummer sunrise and the lunar summer maximum, he suggested probabilities for this and the markers being in the correct locations by pure chance were in the order of 10 million to one. By factoring in the Earth's drift, O'Brien placed the date of its construction around 2,500 BC. His hypothesis met with mixed comments. Interviewed by the Sunday Telegraph, Glyn Daniel, Professor of Archaeology at Cambridge University dismissed the paper as "nonsense" and could find nothing in it to revise the documented view of Wandlebury. Archie Roy, Professor of Astronomy at Glasgow University commented that "in the absence of a more convincing explanation, this conclusion also has to be taken very seriously.” Alexander Thom stated that he believed it to be only an Iron Age Hill Fort.

</doc>
<doc id="31061895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061895" title="Kent Faulcon">
Kent Faulcon

Kent Faulcon (born 1971) is an American actor, director, and writer. He has made several contributions to Black independent film festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="31061908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061908" title="Cinema Speakeasy">
Cinema Speakeasy

Cinema Speakeasy is about a curated film screening series based on the West Coast of the United States.
Cinema Speakeasy is an ongoing series of film events. Centered primarily on the west coast of the United States, they are community-based - each chapter being run by a loose knit group of film professionals. The events are designed to provide an alternate revenue stream and distribution model for independent, experimental film by developing new audiences and creating an appetite for independent arts.
History.
Cinema Speakeasy was founded in June 2009 in Los Angeles. The brainchild of independent arts advocate Saskia Wilson-Brown, the events were subsequently managed and conceived in close collaboration with television producer Georgi Goldman, who came on as the director of the organization, and in partnership with the community-based Echo Park Film Center. In August 2009, CS hosted its first event, showcasing the film 'Visioneers', directed by Jared Drake. 'Visioneers' was being distributed by Austin-based company B-Side, who had just launched their new distribution arm which relied heavily on alternative models such as microcinemas and community screenings.
The series was created to address what Wilson-Brown felt was still lacking in the film world: Namely, a fun, event-oriented and consistent screening series to showcase new content in a group setting- a place to show the films that were increasingly being self-distributed by enterprising and tech-savvy independent filmmakers. Cinema Speakeasy was thus designed to foster a community, to encourage and help DIY strategies in film distribution, and to harness alternative exhibition spaces to the benefit of independent art. 
Wilson-Brown explained it in an article written by Zak Forsman on WorkBook Project in 2009: 
The original Los Angeles-based events were developed on a curatorial model, overseen by Goldman and Wilson-Brown, with the occasional assistance of guest curators. Further to that, the events were designed to support independent filmmakers by splitting the revenue at the door, by helping them with marketing and promotion, and by aligning them with new audiences.
The Cinema Speakeasy format was developed to model an actionable step filmmakers and curators could take for themselves to help shatter what Wilson-Brown calls 'an opaque film distribution system'. This format was developed in line with current discussions happening in the independent film community, centralized largely on Lance Weiler's WorkBook Project. They were also deeply inspired by the microcinema movement. Anyone can do a Cinema Speakeasy-style event, anywhere they want.
Community Impact.
Soon after Cinema Speakeasy had its first event in Los Angeles, Cinema Speakeasy-inspired events started popping up across the United States. Cinema Speakeasy's most immediate effect was to inspire filmmakers and film community leaders Zak Forsman and Kevin Shah of SABI Pictures to create their own ongoing series, Los Angeles-based CINEFIST, which developed a sophisticated revenue sharing system, and had the effect of further galvanizing the DIY film community. 
In June 2010, filmmaker Nadine Patterson started hosting a Cinema Speakeasy series in Philadelphia, PA in partnership with Philadelphia Independent Film and Video Association (PIFVA). 
Soon thereafter, in December 2010, filmmaker and film advocate Scott Grover began one in Monterey, CA in partnership with The Alternative Cafe.
Also in 2010, film and TV producers Fhay Arceo and Allison Davis approached CS with the idea of starting a chapter in San Francisco. The San Francisco edition began in October of the same year, and takes place at the Gray Area Foundation for the Arts (GAFFTA) in the city's Tenderloin District. They launched with feature horror film 'Grace' by director Paul Solet, and implemented a strong slate of diverse programming, with a focus on developing a social atmosphere. 
Arceo and Davis were joined in November 2010 by a third co-director, television producer Kate Sullivan Green. 
In order to serve its commitment to creating an international, independent and self-sustaining film community, Cinema Speakeasy maintains a growing list of like-minded microcinemas and small theaters.
Programming.
Cinema Speakeasy makes a stated effort to show independent film, which they define as auteur-driven, edgy and non-corporate. Some of the programs they have developed include:
They regularly partner with local film and arts groups in their communities, as Cinema Speakeasy Los Angeles did with Machine Project and Kernspiracy for the "Potato Type Ransom Note Workshop" event, in December 2010. Additional partners include such film organizations as CINEFIST, Film Courage, WorkBook Project (for the 'One Hundred Mornings' screenings as part of the WorkBook Project Discovery and Distribution Award in 2010), and Slamdance Film Festival, Wholphin, and others.
Design.
Cinema Speakeasy's original logo was designed by San Francisco-based motion graphics and graphic designer Timothy Palmer. The original logo was a visual nod to the idea of a secret door (the speakeasy in 'Cinema Speakeasy').
In May 2010, For the organization's one-year anniversary, Cinema Speakeasy commissioned broadcast and typography designer Micah Hahn to design a new logo, as well as a 30 second introductory animation. The new logo was intended to reflect the ethos of the organization, and serves as a visual representation of Cinema Speakeasy's film-centric philosophy. Designed as an adaptable template, it can easily be amended on a monthly basis to showcase film stills from current programming. It also allows the individual chapters of Cinema Speakeasy to tailor the visual identity of the organization to their communities - while still retaining a consistency, overall.

</doc>
<doc id="31061924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061924" title="Who Says (Selena Gomez &amp; the Scene song)">
Who Says (Selena Gomez &amp; the Scene song)

"Who Says" is a song performed by American band Selena Gomez & the Scene. Priscilla Renea wrote the song with Emanuel Kiriakou, who produced the track. The song was released on March 2011, as the lead single from the band's third album, "When the Sun Goes Down" (2011). According to Gomez, the song was intended to inspire people, and fire back at the "haters", particularly those involved in cyberbullying. "Who Says" marks a distinct departure in sound for the band, as it has an acoustic and organic feel, compared to their dance-pop and club-oriented previous singles. The song is a teen pop number with inspirational lyrics about embracing yourself and not letting anyone bring you down.
"Who Says" received generally positive reviews from critics, who appreciated its message and the change of pace for the band. The song charted in the top thirty in the United States, Canada and New Zealand, and it became their highest charting single on these charts at the time. It also reached the lower regions of European charts. "Who Says" was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. It also became the act's third No. 1 "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs. The song's accompanying music video features Gomez frolicking around a city, removing makeup, and performing with the band on a beach. Gomez performed the song on a variety occasions including at the 2011 MuchMusic Video Awards, on "Dancing with the Stars", and "So Random!".
Background and inspiration.
In 2009, the band released their debut album "Kiss & Tell" and quickly followed-up with 2010's "A Year Without Rain". After the release of the latter, Gomez said that she was not in a rush to release another album, but after hearing "Who Says", she decided to begin another release, calling the song "amazing" and crediting it for inspiring her. Gomez would later call the song "fun and empowering", commenting, "Every time I sing this song, I'm like, 'I feel better already!'" When talking about the song's message, Gomez commented that she thought of it as "sweet", going on to say, "with bullying, with cyberbullying, with all the negativity that is in high school and dealing with things, you're already trying to figure out who you are; it doesn't help when people are constantly trying to tear you down." She then said that she was "dealing with it, of course" and was "going through it as well." After debuting the single on "On Air with Ryan Seacrest", Gomez mentioned the criticism received on Twitter and Facebook due to being a celebrity, and critics such as Nardine Saad of the "Los Angeles Times" inferred this as firing back at the hate received after she started dating Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber earlier in the year.
The single follows in succession of other self-empowerment singles such as "We R Who We R" by Ke$ha, "Firework" by Katy Perry, "Fuckin' Perfect" by Pink, and "Born This Way" by Lady Gaga. Gomez herself stated "I am so happy recent empowerment songs, 'cause music is a universal language, and it's a quick way to get to everybody. The fact that all these artists are doing that, it's really good. I'm really happy." The song was released on iTunes in the United States and Canada on March 14, 2011. It was released as a CD single in Germany on March 15, 2011, with the B-side of "Ghost of You" from "A Year Without Rain".
Composition.
The song is a departure in her previous singles such as "Round & Round" and "Naturally", whereas the previous were dance-pop and club-oriented, "Who Says" draws from the teen pop genre, and has an "organic" and "acoustic" feel. According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Alfred Publishing, "Who Says" is set in common time in a moderate tempo of 100 beats per minute. It is composed in the key of E major as Gomez's vocal range spans from the low-note of G#3 to the high-note of C#5. The song contains string accents described as "sympathetic, but not overpowering." Described as a "jangly pop tune", having an "overarching feel-good vibe", lyrically, the song speaks of "embracing who you are and not letting your critics get you down." Gomez sings of insecurities, and people telling her she is not good enough, before asserting "I'm sure you got some things/ You'd like to change about yourself/ But when it comes to me/ I wouldn't want to be anybody else."
According to Brian Voerding of AOL Radio Blog, "Gomez sings about staying true to herself, particularly in the face of doubt that comes from others telling her she can't live up to her dreams." In the song she refers to her criticisms as "the price of beauty". Bill Lamb of About.com said the song's positive message is "all about recognizing yourself as a beautiful person despite what others might say or think."
Critical reception.
Jocelyn Vena of MTV News complimented the song, commenting that "Top 40 has a new empowerment anthem." Bill Lamb of About.com said Gomez "has become the most consistent Disney pop hitmaker in recent years" and that "she has not reached these achievements through gimmickry or pandering to an audience. She has succeeded with quality, straightforward pop songs." Lamb went on to say that "Who Says" was no exception, complimenting Gomez's "winning vocals", and the song's "bright, catchy instrumental arrangement" and the "irresistible chorus." However, Lamb commented that the song was lacking in originality, and said that it was another pop song with a theme of self-esteem. Although a writer from "The Huffington Post" called the song "superfluous" and like many feel-good anthems, "a little bit tepid", the writer said it was "cute" and an "ode to self worth" which "exudes bubblegum confidence in the manner of her man (boy) Bieber's tune "Never Say Never'."
Chart performance.
"Who Says" debuted on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 24. The charting matched the debut of "Round & Round" the lead single from "A Year Without Rain". The song managed to peak at number 21 on the chart dated June 29, marking the band's highest charting effort to date. Additionally, the song has reached number 17 on the US Pop Songs chart and the top position on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart "Who Says" also appeared on the "Billboard" component charts Adult Pop Songs and Adult Contemporary, the band's first appearance on those charts. It charted at number 37 on the previous and 27 on the latter. It has sold 1,964,000 copies in the US as of July 2013.
The song debuted at number 17 on the Canadian Hot 100, becoming their highest charting single on the chart. It also reached number 15 on the New Zealand Singles Chart, becoming their highest charting single on that chart, beating the peak of "Naturally" which reached number twenty. The song charted in the top 50 in Germany and Ireland, and appeared on the main charts in the United Kingdom, Australia, and Austria.
Music video.
The song's music video was directed by American music video director Chris Applebaum. An eight-second teaser of the video was released on March 2, 2011, and the full video premiered on VEVO on March 11, 2011. The video starts off with Gomez at a photoshoot where she starts singing the first verse. She then removes her earrings and shoes and exits the studio. She is seen singing while walking through a city, riding in a cab, and eventually walking on the outskirts of the city as lyrics appear in various locations including a theatre marquee, the side of a building, and written in the sky. Eventually she enters a public restroom, throws on a casual outfit and removes her make-up. After this, Gomez makes her way to a beach, where she is seen singing with her band, surrounded by fans. The video ends as the crowd runs into the water, and the waves wash away the words 'THE END' written in the sand.
Live performances.
Gomez appeared on both the "Late Show with David Letterman" on March 16, 2011, and "The Seven" on March 18, 2011 to promote the single. The band performed the song for the first time at the 3rd annual Concert for Hope on March 20, 2011. They later performed the song on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on March 22, 2011, and on "Dancing with the Stars" on April 5, 2011. The band also performed the song on an episode of "So Random!". The band also performed the song on "Good Morning America" on June 17, 2011. On June 19, 2011, the band performed the song on the 2011 MuchMusic Video Awards, whereas they performed it on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" and "Live with Regis and Kelly" on June 24, 2011 and June 29, 2011, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31061971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061971" title="Kris of Knaud">
Kris of Knaud

The Kris of Knaud, also known as the Keris of Knaud or Knaud's Kris, is the oldest known kris surviving in the world. Given to Charles Knaud, a Dutch physician, by Paku Alam V in the 19th century, the kris is on display at the Tropenmuseum, Royal Tropical Institute, Amsterdam.
The history of the kris.
The kris bears the date of 1264 (which correspondends to 1342 AD) in its iron blade. Scientists suspect that due to its special features the kris is even older, but was decorated during the heyday of the Majapahit kingdom to celebrate an important event. The kris bears scenes from the Ramayana on an unusual thin copper layer which partially covers it.
Charles Knaud (Batavia 1840 - Amsterdam 1897) was a Dutch physician and dukun (shaman) at the court of Yogyakarta. Knaud, who had studied Javanese mysticism, treated and cured the son of Paku Alam V (1878-1900), ruler of the hereditary Pakualaman principality in the Sultanate of Yogyakarta, of what the ruler believed to be "guna guna" (black magic). For saving his son's life, Paku Alam V, who was also a freemason at the Mataram lodge of Jogja, granted him a prestigious heirloom, a kris. It was the oldest kris in the prince's collection.
From 1903, the kris was believed to be lost, but it remained in the possession of Knaud's family. Long after Knaud's death, during World War II, his family buried the Keris in their garden to protect it during the Japanese occupation. During the Indonesian National Revolution, they took it to the Netherlands, where it was safeguarded in the family’s bank safe.
In the 19th century, a plaster cast and a photograph of the kris were kept in the holdings of the Bataviaasch Museum of Arts and Archaeology. In 1920, N.J. Krom dedicated a full page plage to the keris in "Hindoe-Javaansche Kunst". David van Duuren a curator with the Royal Tropical Institute happened to ask Knaud's descendant, Kurht Knaud, if he was aware of the rare kris that had once been in his family's possession and was surprised to discover it still was. Kurht Knaud loaned the keris to the Royal Tropical Institute, K.I.T., Amsterdam, where it has been displayed since February 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31061988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31061988" title="Ollie Richards">
Ollie Richards

Ollie Richards is a rugby union player who has played for Leeds Carnegie in the Aviva Championship and Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership
Educated at Blatchington Mill School and Sixth Form College and Brighton College, he was in the Harlequins Academy from the age of 15 before signing professionally and moving to Leeds at 18 years of age. At the end of the 2011/12 season Ollie signed for Newcastle Falcons 
Ollie made his Harlequins debut in the 2009 Middlesex Sevens and scored in every round, losing to Sale Sharks in the Plate Final
In December 2010 Ollie was named in the England U20 squad.

</doc>
<doc id="31062008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062008" title="Mikhail Bondarenko">
Mikhail Bondarenko

Mikhail Bondarenko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31062017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062017" title="Google Street View in the United States">
Google Street View in the United States

The United States was the first country to have Google Street View images and was the only country with images for over a year following introduction of the service on May 25, 2007. Early on, most locations had a limited number of views, usually constrained to the city limits and only including major streets, and they only showed the buildings up to a certain height. Few suburbs or other nearby cities were included.
After the first few sets of introductions, image collections from cities added were more detailed, often including every side street, especially in areas closer to the center of the city. More suburbs and other nearby cities were included.
The coverage of various cities has in many cases, subsequently been enlarged and improved, but not necessarily on the same date as new cities have been added. Improvements have included the additions of streets in neighborhoods where previously only main roads had been covered, expansions to more suburbs, and views to the sky where previously only views to a certain height were provided.
Initially when a group of cities were added, only those cities and their own suburbs would be a part of the image collection. However June 10, 2008 introductions also included cities in covered areas without camera icons and isolated from any other camera icons. Many more cities were added without icons on August 4, when the only U.S. city added with an icon was New Orleans.
On November 9, 2009, parts of Hawaii were added, and coverage of the United States was also further expanded, although some key areas had yet to be added. With the addition of Hawaii, all fifty states are now represented in Street View.
On July 2, 2013, high-definition images, at least 99% of which has been taken since early 2011, were added to major portions of all fifty states, including those that have had no HD images up to that point.
Timeline of introductions.
Note: Bold indicates locations available in newer 'high quality' (or high definition) view. Italic bold indicates locations partially available in high quality view. Normal text indicates locations only available in older low-resolution view.

</doc>
<doc id="31062031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062031" title="B-sides &amp; Other Missed Opportunities">
B-sides &amp; Other Missed Opportunities

B-sides & Other Missed Opportunities EP is an official extended play release from Alaska in Winter. It debuted 15 February 2011 via Gogoyoko.com and a note published on Alaska in Winter's Facebook page. In addition to the aforementioned digitally based release, a second version is expected before the 13 March, according to frontman Brandon Bethancourt. On this
release, he expects his fans to, after receiving his printed discs, have their "minds...blown so hard (he) can't even think about it." Furthermore, he stated that the second release "will involve floppy disks and 3 extra songs not available on the download!!!" True to his word, Bethancourt announced the release of the limited, second edition on March 9. Only 200 copies of the second version, which comes as a CD with a floppy disk as a sleeve and contains three exclusive songs, were released, according to his Facebook post regarding it. As of March 6, 2011, 'B-sides' is the highest-rated 'New Album' on Gogoyoko.com, garnering a rating of 9.2/10.

</doc>
<doc id="31062032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062032" title="Ivor McMahon">
Ivor McMahon

Ivor McMahon (1924–1972) was an English violinist. He played with notable orchestras including the Philharmonia Orchestra and the English Chamber Orchestra and is best known for playing second violin in the Melos Ensemble.
Career.
In 1947 McMahon was the first recipient of the Eda Kersey Memorial Exhibition, established after the death of Eda Kersey to assist a gifted young violinist each year. He played with the Philharmonia Orchestra from 1952, conducted by Arturo Toscanini. In 1955 he took part in the orchestra's tour of the United States, conducted by Herbert von Karajan. Ivor McMahon played second violin in the Melos Ensemble and participated with the group in the premiere of the "War Requiem" by Benjamin Britten, conducted by the composer. As a member of the English Chamber Orchestra he took part in Britten's chamber operas "Albert Herring" and "Noye's Fludde". With violinist Emanuel Hurwitz and harpsichordist Charles Spinks he recorded concertos of Charles Avison.
Recordings with the Melos Ensemble.
McMahon recorded chamber music with the Melos Ensemble, its principal players Richard Adeney and William Bennett (flute), Gervase de Peyer (clarinet), Peter Graeme (oboe), Neill Sanders and James Buck (horn), William Waterhouse (bassoon), Emanuel Hurwitz, Kenneth Sillito and Iona Brown (violin), Cecil Aronowitz and Kenneth Essex (viola), Terence Weil and Keith Harvey (cello), Adrian Beers (double bass), Osian Ellis and Hilary Wilson (harp) and Lamar Crowson (piano).
This included works for a large ensemble of both woodwinds and strings, for which the Melos Ensemble was founded.
In Françaix's "Divertissement" for bassoon and string quintet (1942), played with bassoonist William Waterhouse, to whom the piece is dedicated. McMahon also recorded chamber music for smaller formations, such as the clarinet quintets of Mozart, Brahms, Weber, Reger and Bliss, with clarinettist Gervase de Peyer.

</doc>
<doc id="31062036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062036" title="Carl Paaske">
Carl Paaske

Carl Paaske (29 July 1890 – 7 June 1970) was a Norwegian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31062057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062057" title="Marwan Arafat">
Marwan Arafat

Dr. Mohammad Marwan Arafat (1945 – 12 June 2012) was a Syrian footballer, referee, sports analyst, academic lecturer and journalist, well known for being the first Arabic and Asian football referee to be a linesman in a 3rd place Olympic game match (Moscow 1980). He was the head of the Syrian football association 3 times. During his presidency of the Syrian FA, the Syrian U-21 team won the Asian cup in 1994 in Indonesia.
Early life.
Marwan Arafat was born in the district of Rukn ad-Deen in Damascus, where he finished his primary and secondary school studies. He continued his studies in Geography department of the Damascus University. He received his diploma and Master's degree in Education from the Damascus University. Later on, he received his Ph.D. in Physical education from the United States.
Later life.
Arafat was married to Afaf Al-Hibri and had four children: Waheed (a lawyer), Hanadi (a Sport teacher and special Olympics trainer), Waseem (a Urologist in Germany) and Waddah (specializing in Internal Medicine in the United States). Arafat was an active journalist, renowned lecturer in Asian football and one of the prominent sports figure in Syrian football and media. He was a lecturer in Damascus University from 1978 until his death in 2012.
Death.
According to the Syrian government sources, on 12 June 2012, Arafat was assassinated by unknown armed militants on the Daraa-Damascus road, while his wife was severely injured.

</doc>
<doc id="31062058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062058" title="Minimum Foundation Program">
Minimum Foundation Program

In Louisiana, the Minimum Foundation Program is the formula that determines the cost to educate students at public elementary and secondary schools and defines state and local funding contributions to each district. Education officials often use the term "MFP" to refer specifically to the portion the state pays per student to each school district. 
The Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education (BESE) is required by the Louisiana Constitution to adopt a formula to determine the total cost of a minimum foundation program of education in public schools and to equitably allocate funding to school systems. The Louisiana legislature must approve the formula each year. Local and state contributions to the MFP vary based on student needs and local tax bases. 
MFP funding has been frozen at the same rate for two years. In 2010, the Louisiana Legislature moved to restructure the MFP formula. Critics say the formula does not encourage districts to implement taxes to pay higher amounts than the state for the cost of education.
Local and state contributions.
Local and state shares of the MFP vary from district to district. On average, the state pays 65 percent of the total cost of the minimum foundation, and the district pays 35 percent. In the 2010-2011 fiscal year, state and local government contributed $3.3 billion to the MFP formula. Required local funding is paid by property and sales taxes levied by local school districts. Districts with higher tax revenues must pay a higher portion of the MFP than districts with lower tax revenues. The formula divides districts into levels based on the dollar amount of taxes they levy.
Per student spending.
In 2010-2011, the base MFP formula was $3,855 per pupil, without accounting for special student needs. The MFP formula also takes into account the additional expenses school systems incur in educating special classes of students (e.g. at risk, special education and gifted and talented students.) In the end, school districts get an average of about $10,000 of state and local funding per student per year.
Local and state sources spent between $6,500 and $10,700 per student during the 2008-2009 fiscal year. In that year, Allen, Assumption, Claiborne, Madison, Plaquemines, Red River and West Feliciana parishes received the highest per pupil funding while Acadia, Avoyelles, Grant and Vermillion parishes received the lowest per pupil funding. Among the 10 districts with the highest MFP per pupil that year, the average local contribution was $3,900, and the average state contribution was $6,050. Among the 10 districts with the lowest MFP per pupil that year, the average local contribution was $1,850 and the average state contribution was $5,600. Total funding levels per student vary based on student population needs.
Weighted formula.
MFP funding in the 2010-2011 fiscal year totaled $3,308,741,821. That amount divided evenly among 696,444 public school students in Louisiana would work out to $4,750 per pupil. But some students cost more to educate than others. Rather than increasing the dollar amount, the MFP formula artificially increases the number of students it funds. This "weighted membership" accounts for special education, gifted and talented and at-risk students. For example, a school receives 2.5 times the amount of funding it would receive for a general population student to educate a special education student.
State executive and legislative action.
MFP freeze.
In the past, the Louisiana Department of Education factored in a 2.75 percent increase per year in MFP funding, but that increase has been frozen for two years. In February, 2011, "The Advocate" reported that Gov. Bobby Jindal plans to freeze the increase in MFP funding for the 2012 budget. 
John Sartin, president of the Louisiana Association of School Superintendents, said districts need the MFP growth factor because they have suffered downturns in local sales tax revenue and increases in retirement and health insurance costs.
Move to restructure.
In 2010, the Louisiana House of Representatives passed a resolution urging the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to make the school funding formula more efficient and effective. HCR 20, introduced by Rep. Steve Carter, requested that BESE make certain changes to the formula, including: 
District taxing controversy.
Critics say the MFP formula discourages high levels of local, rather than state, funding. Louisiana House Speaker Jim Tucker said in an interview with Louisiana Public Broadcasting that the MFP formula keeps districts from levying higher taxes because districts with high local taxes receive lower state funding payments. Tulane University's Cowen Institute was founded in 2007 to examine the effects of local tax initiatives on the MFP. Tara O'Neill, Cowen Institute Policy Manager, said districts receive extra incentive funding from the state when they raise high amounts of funding at the local level. O'Neill said districts get this extra money whether they tax a low tax base at a high rate or tax a healthy tax base at a low rate.
MFP Accountability Reports for low-performing schools.
State laws require the Louisiana Department of Education to include each local school district that has a school with a School Performance Score (SPS) below 60 and growth of less than 2 points in an MFP Accountability Report that is submitted to the Louisiana House and Senate Committees on Education by June 1 each year.
The most recent report in 2009 contained data for 34 schools in 15 districts during the 2007-2008 school year. The average school performance score for schools in that report was 52.9, compared to 86.3 statewide. The average classroom instructional expenditure per student was $6,416 among these schools, compared to $5,924 statewide. About 91 percent of students in this report were in poverty, compared to 63.2 percent statewide. The schools in this report had higher teacher turnover than the statewide average and a slightly higher percentage of uncertified teachers than the state average.

</doc>
<doc id="31062106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062106" title="María Rosa Yorio">
María Rosa Yorio

María Rosa Yorio (born August 28, 1954 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine painter, singer, songwriter, instructor and band leader.
Early work.
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina; María Rosa started doing vocals with legendary band Sui Generis and gained recognition as a leading female singer of PorSuiGieco. She rose to fame with Los Desconocidos de Siempre along with band leader Nito Mestre. Later on Yorio started a solo career in the late 70's recording 5 albums on the 80's.
80’s and 90’s activity.
On her debut album "Con los ojos cerrados" (1980), she was supported with recognized musicians such as Chalry Garcia, Juan Carlos "Mono Fontana, Nito Mestre, David Lebón, Alejandro Lerner and María Gabriela Epumer among others.
Yorio's second album was produced by Miguel Mateos and in 1983 she released a children's LP. She returned to classic folk with "Por la vida" (1984) turning to pop sound on "Puertos" (1986), adopting "Yorio" as her only stage name.

</doc>
<doc id="31062111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062111" title="The Unseen Empire">
The Unseen Empire

The Unseen Empire is the fifth full-length studio album by Swedish metal band Scar Symmetry. It was released on 15 April 2011 in Europe, and on 17 May 2011 in North America. The album sold around 1500 copies in the United States in its first week of release, and landed at position number 11 on the Top New Artist Albums (Heatseekers) chart. This is the last album to feature contributions from guitarist Jonas Kjellgren, who left the band in 2013 due to other commitments.
Album information.
Drummer Henrik Ohlsson stated the following about the album:

</doc>
<doc id="31062113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062113" title="Tom Troman">
Tom Troman

Victor Thomas 'Tom' Wilfred Troman (30 August 1914 – 2 October 2000) was an English cricketer. Troman was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born in Wednesbury, Staffordshire.
Troman made his debut for Staffordshire in the 1934 Minor Counties Championship against Denbighshire. This was to be his only appearance for the county in 1934 and his last until 1938, when he played his second and final Minor Counties fixture for Staffordshire against the Yorkshire Second XI.
In 1945, while in the British Raj, he made his only first-class appearance for the Europeans (India) against the Indians. In the Europeans first-innings he scored 20 runs before being dismissed by M.G. Venkataraman and in their second-innings he made a single run before being dismissed by A. G. Ram Singh. With the ball he claimed a single wicket, that of A. G. Ram Singh, ending with match figures of 1/55.
Following his return from the Raj, he moved to Devon where he made his debut for Devon in the 1949 Minor Counties Championship against the Surrey Second XI. From 1947 to 1956, he represented Devon in 20 Championship matches, the last of which came against the Somerset Second XI. Troman played two matches for Nigeria in 1955 and 1956 against Gold Coast.
He died in Torquay, Devon on 2 October 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31062121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062121" title="Love's Gonna Get Ya!">
Love's Gonna Get Ya!

"Love's Gonna Get Ya!" is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs. It was released in 1986 via Epic Records. The album peaked at number 3 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31062126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062126" title="NGC 6067">
NGC 6067

NGC 6067 is an open cluster of stars in the constellation Norma. It is located to the north of Kappa Normae, with an angular diameter of 12′. The cluster can be observed with binoculars or a small telescope, while a 12-inch aperture telescope will reveal about 250 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="31062135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062135" title="Margery Jourdemayne, &quot;the Witch of Eye&quot;">
Margery Jourdemayne, &quot;the Witch of Eye&quot;

Margery Jourdemayne, "the Witch of Eye Next Westminster" (before 1415 – 27 October 1441) was a fifteenth-century English woman who was accused of treasonable witchcraft and subsequently burned at the stake.
At some point between July and September 1441, Margery was arrested by the King's men and taken to the Tower of London. She was later found guilty of heresy and witchcraft and sentenced to death by burning at Smithfield.
Celebrated case.
The case that led to the execution of Margery Jourdemayne has been well documented and discussed since the fifteenth century. Eleanor Cobham, Duchess of Gloucester, wife to Humphrey of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Gloucester, was charged with heretical witchcraft, along with four co-accused. Three of the co-accused were scholars and clerics of the Duke's court. The fourth was Margery Jourdemayne, a woman of low birth, known as a witch. Humphrey was uncle to the young Henry VI of England and, if Henry were to have died, would have been successor to the throne.
Eleanor Cobham, Roger Bolingbroke, John Hume (or Home), Thomas Southwell and Margery stood accused of using witchcraft to bring about the death of Henry VI. Bolingbroke was an Oxford scholar and Eleanor's personal clerk. Thomas Southwell was a physician and Canon of St Stephen's Chapel in the Palace of Westminster, Rector of St Stephen's Walbrook, London, and vicar of Ruislip. Hume was Canon of Hereford and St Asaph and chaplain and secretary to both Eleanor and the Duke. Margery, on the other hand, had for many years been known as someone who could provide spells and potions useful in advancing love and bringing about a pregnancy or ending one.
During the course of the 1441 trial, it was disclosed that Margery had been held for some months at Windsor Castle ten years previously for an unspecified offence concerning sorcery. In 1430, seven witches had been arrested in London and accused of plotting the young King Henry's death and were then imprisoned in the Fleet; it is possible that Margery was one of these seven. 
On 9 May 1432, Margery, along with Friar John Ashwell and John Virley (clerk), was examined on charges of sorcery. Ashwell and Virley were discharged on their own recognisance, but Margery was released on condition of her future good behaviour and that she refrained from further witchcraft.
Family.
Although nothing is known of her own family, her husband's family of Jourdemayne were well established and prosperous Middlesex yeomen from at least the end of the fourteenth century. The meaning of the surname is likely to have come from the Old French for a day labourer–jour de main.
Margery was married to William Jourdemayne.
Witchcraft.
From the early 1430s, Margery seems to have kept the company of a number of respected and learned clerics and courtiers, somewhat unusually for the wife of a cowherd. 
Eleanor Cobham admitted at her trial to having long used Margery's services. It seems that this was a relationship of at least ten years. Eleanor also stated that she had sought Margery's help in becoming pregnant by the Duke. It is likely that she and other ladies of the Court were well versed in Margery's profession.
Roger Bolingbroke was the best known of these scholars, described
as a 'gret and konnyng man in astronomye' and 'renowned in all the world'.
There is some evidence of other notables using Margery's skills, such as Edmund Beaufort, 2nd Duke of Somerset, who is said to have consulted Margery Jourdemayne, the celebrated witch of Eye, with respect to his conduct and fate during the impending conflicts. She told him that he would be defeated and slain at a castle: but as long as he arrayed his forces and fought in the open field, he would be victorious and safe from harm.
In literature.
Margery appears in Shakespeare's Henry VI, Part 2, as Margery Jourdayn, along with her co-accused.

</doc>
<doc id="31062142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062142" title="Mrs. Renfro's Salsas">
Mrs. Renfro's Salsas

Mrs Renfro's is the brand name for the line of award-winning salsas, sauces and relishes made by Renfro Foods in Fort Worth, Texas. The Mrs. Renfro’s brand is sold in leading supermarket chains, gift shops and specialty food stores in all 50 states, the Caribbean, Canada, the U.K. and Australia.
Renfro Foods was founded in 1940 and began producing salsa products in 1972, after acquiring Olé Foods. In 1995, the company introduced its line of gourmet salsas with Black Bean and Habanero. Other flavors followed - Chipotle Corn, Peach, Roasted (1997), Garlic (2001), Raspberry Chipotle (2003), Mango Habanero (2006), Pineapple, Pomegranate, Tequila (2009) and Ghost Pepper (2010). In its short time in the marketplace, Ghost Pepper has become the company’s fastest growing new product in the company’s 71-year history.
Mrs. Renfro’s Pineapple Salsa and Ghost Pepper Salsa are 2009 and 2010 recipients, respectively, of the prestigious Scovie Award, the world’s leading recognition for hot and spicy products. Also in 2010, Mrs. Renfro’s Habanero Salsa was selected among the “125 Best Packaged Foods for Women" by Women’s Health magazine.
Products.
The following products are sold under the Mrs. Renfro’s brand name:

</doc>
<doc id="31062182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062182" title="Period -the Best Selection-">
Period -the Best Selection-

Period -the Best Selection- is a compilation album released by Luna Sea on December 23, 2000, prior to their "Final Act" concerts. All tracks were remastered from their original versions, and tracks 11-13 & 15 were re-recorded just for this release. The album reached number one on the Oricon chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31062192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062192" title="Jafr alien invasion">
Jafr alien invasion

The Jafr alien invasion was a story published on the front page of the Jordanian newspaper "Al-Ghad" on April 1st, 2010. The article claimed that UFOs had landed in a desert close to the town of Jafr. The newspaper described the pilots of the objects as "3m (10ft) creatures". They also claimed that all communications "went down" due to the effect generated by the objects. The details of the story have never been proved or disproved. The editors of "Al-Ghad" later maintained that the story was an April Fools' Day joke, although they may have adopted this stance due to their fear of a potential lawsuit.
Public reaction.
The story described in great detail that the town was literally lit by the aliens' flying saucers during their night landing, and that the light caused residents to run out into the streets screaming in horror. After word of the article spread throughout Jafr, many residents were terrified and kept their children home from school. Jafr Mayor Mohammed Mleihan prepared to issue an evacuation order for the entire town of 13,000 residents at one point. The order was never given, however, possibly due to concerns about the safety of fleeing residents. Mleihan noted that, "People were scared that aliens would attack them." The Mayor was able, however, to recruit some brave men to venture into the desert and to investigate the situation further. Eager to fight the aliens, the courageous men probably got disappointed when they could not find any.
Analysis.
Many who believed the story to be a joke wondered "why Jafr was chosen as the butt of the joke". Some have speculated that Jafr was targeted due to nearby military bases that were used by American soldiers during joint military exercises with the Jordanian military.
According to the BBC, "Human rights groups claim the base once housed alleged al-Qaida militants, some of whom were transferred from Guantanamo Bay". 
In the aftermath of the story the managing editor of "Al-Ghad", Mr. Moussa Barhoumeh, was fearful of a lawsuit and replied by simply saying that, "We meant to entertain, not scare people." He added that the story had been "blown out of proportion." On the other hand Jordanian security officials, who spoke to media on condition of anonymity, also failed to clear up the fog because of security concerns.
Some commentators have suggested that Mr. Moussa Barhoumeh would have been much better off if he had chosen a town in Great Britain as the butt of the joke, because British citizens are used to April Fools' Day's jokes in newspapers. Others have suggested that a town in Egypt should have been chosen, because Egyptians are often considered to be the "big jokers in the Arab world." 
Some writers have noted that the 2010 April Fools' Day prank by "Al-Ghad" "was reminiscent of the 1938 radio broadcast of "War of the Worlds" which provoked panic in America."

</doc>
<doc id="31062267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062267" title="Susana Chavez-Silverman">
Susana Chavez-Silverman

Susana Chávez-Silverman, born in Los Angeles, is a U.S. Latina writer and professor of Romance Languages and Literature at Pomona College in Claremont, California.
Education.
Susana received her undergraduate degree in Spanish from University of California, Irvine in 1977 where she graduated magna cum laude. She continued her education at Harvard University where, in 1979, she received her Masters degree in Romance Languages. In 1991, Susana received her PhD in Spanish from the University of California, Davis. Her dissertation was titled: The Ex-Centric Self: The Poetry of Alejandra Pizarnik. Susana has taught at University of California, Santa Cruz, University of California, Berkeley, University of California, Irvine, University of California, Davis, and the University of South Africa before coming to Pomona College.
Early life.
Chávez-Silverman, born to a Jewish Hispanist father and a Chicana teacher mother, was raised in a bilingual and bicultural atmosphere between Los Angeles, Madrid and Guadalajara, Mexico. After completing her education, traveling a great deal, and living in Boston, Berkeley, Los Angeles, Spain and South Africa, she now resides in Claremont, California, where she is professor of Spanish, Latino/a and Latin American Studies in the Department of Romance Languages and Literature at Pomona College. Susana specializes in gender and sexuality studies, autobiography/memoir, Latin American and U.S. Latina/Chicana literature, poetry, and feminist pedagogy. Chávez-Silverman has written and coauthored several books on the above-mentioned topics.
Writing career.
The bilingual creative nonfiction work by Chávez-Silverman is published by the University of Wisconsin Press. Her book, Killer Crónicas: Bilingual Memories, was published by the University of Wisconsin Press in 2004. This collection of chronicles began in 2001, after the US National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) awarded Susana a fellowship for a project on contemporary Argentine women's poetry. She spent thirteen months in Buenos Aires where, in addition to research and writing on her official (academic) book, she began to send bilingual, punning "letters from the southern front" to colleagues and friends by email. Susana says: "Living in Buenos Aires, that gorgeous, turn of the century city in a country on the brink of (economic) collapse-home to many of the authors and artists I had long admired (Jorge Luis Borges, Julio Cortázar, Alfonsina Storni, Alejandra Pizarnik, and before them the foundational Romantics, Domingo Faustino Sarmiento and Echeverría)-brought out a sense of self, displaced yet oddly at home, in a cultural, linguistic and even tangible way. In Buenos Aires, the fragmented parts of me, the voices, cultures, and places inside of me rubbed up against each other and struck fire. I called my email missives "Crónicas," inspired by the somewhat rough-hewn, journalistic, often fantastic first-hand accounts sent "home" by the early conquistadores, and refashioned by modern-day counterparts such as Carlos Monsiváis, Elena Poniatowska, and Cristina Pacheco." One of Susana's crónicas, "Anniversary Crónica," inspired by the June 16 anniversary of both Susana's parents' wedding and that of the so-called "Soweto Riots" in South Africa, was awarded First prize in Personal Memoir in the 2002 "Chicano Literary Excellence Contest" sponsored by the U.S. national literary magazine el Andar.
Killer Cronicas: Bilingual Memories is written in an unorthodox style in that it code-switches seamlessly between English and Spanish, without translation of either language. For instance, "Killer Cronicas" is “teeming with such bits of clever bilingual wordplay, such as ‘feliz’ (happy) to refer to homosexuals, and ‘anyguey’ for ‘anyway.’ Mixed in are countless Latin American regionalisms, joking phonetic spellings and faux translations, such as ‘ternura’ for ‘tenure.’ ‘I know, ya se, mama,’ she writes.”
David Newman from the New Delta Review asks: What exactly is a crónica, and why do you choose to write in this style?
Chavez-Silverman is also a certified witch, and a member of the Pomona College Department of Spanish-speaking Witches.
Works.
Books.
Wisconsin Press, 2010).
(paperback January 2011). includes a chapter that was awarded the el Andar Prize for Literary Excellence in the category of personal memoir.
Articles/Crónicas (select list).
(New York/Buenos Aires: Syracuse University Press/Editorial Paidós, 2010), pp. 58–77. The volume is a special issue of “Point of Contact” 10:1–2.
Karl Posso. England: Tamesis, 2007 (13–35).
2001), 129–143.
Covi. (Trento, Italy: Universitá degli Studi di Trento,1997), 265–277.
Review Articles.
Cristina Piña . “Letras Femenina”s XXVII: 1 (May 2001): 249–251.

</doc>
<doc id="31062272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062272" title="Pottawattamie County Jail">
Pottawattamie County Jail

The Pottawattamie County Jail in Council Bluffs, Iowa, United States was built in 1885 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The building is a Squirrel Cage Jail, also known as a Rotary Jail.
History.
Construction of the jail was simultaneous with that of the county’s new courthouse, which was finished in 1888. It was designed by William H. Brown and Benjamin F. Haugh of Indianapolis, Indiana. It was built at a cost of $30,000. The building was one of 18 such jails that were built in the United States and the only one that was three stories tall. The front part of the jail had offices for the jailer, kitchen, trustee cells and quarters for women. The rest of the building is made up of pie-shaped cells that revolved inside of a cage. The building was designed for maximum security with minimal contact between the prisoners and the jailers. The building was used as a jail until 1969. In 1971 the Council Bluffs Park Board acquired the building and in 1977 the county historical society took ownership of the building and maintains it as a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31062278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062278" title="Comin' Home to Stay">
Comin' Home to Stay

"Comin' Home to Stay" is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs. It was released in 1988 via Epic Records. The album peaked at number 12 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31062298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062298" title="Weed, New Mexico">
Weed, New Mexico

Weed is a census-designated place in Otero County in southern New Mexico, USA. It lies alongside New Mexico State Road 24 on the eastern slopes of the Sacramento Mountains at an elevation of 7,047 ft. It has had a Post Office since 1885. As of the 2010 census, its population was 63.
History.
Weed was founded in 1884 by George and Elizabeth Lewis. It was named after William H. Weed, who opened a branch store there.
Weed is the birthplace of actor Glenn Strange.

</doc>
<doc id="31062302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062302" title="Ashley Hicks">
Ashley Hicks

Ashley Louis David Hicks (born 18 July 1963) is a British author, architect, and interior and furniture designer. He is the only son of Lady Pamela Hicks (née Mountbatten) and David Nightingale Hicks. Hicks designs architecture and interiors in Europe, the United States, and the United Kingdom. He divides his time between designing private residential interiors and occasional commercial work.
Hicks is the grandson of Edwina Mountbatten, Countess Mountbatten of Burma and her husband Louis. Through Countess Mountbatten's paternal ancestral line, Hicks is the third great grandson of Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 7th Earl of Shaftesbury. Through his maternal grandfather, Hicks is the second cousin of Charles, Prince of Wales. He is also the godson of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Personal background.
Hicks was born on 18 July 1963, in King's College Hospital in Denmark Hill, London. He is the son and second child of David and Lady Pamela Hicks. He is the younger brother of Edwina Brudenell. He is the older brother of India Hicks, author, television host, fashion model, and fragrance designer.
Hicks was raised at Britwell House, an 18th-century house in Britwell Salome, that served as the family's home, as well as his father's showplace. It was there that his father designed elaborate landscapes that were "virtual outdoor rooms with carefully framed vistas". During the school year, Hicks boarded at the private, Stowe School.
In 1978, the success of his father's business waned, forcing them to sell Britwell, their stately country house in Oxfordshire. Hicks attended the three-day Sotheby's house sale, 20–22 March 1979, with a friend from school who bid for a David Hicks table. After the auction, the Hicks family moved to the Grove, a smaller house on the estate, as well as a set of rooms at the Albany, the legendary early-19th-century London apartment building in Piccadilly.
Ancestry.
Hicks is the grandson of the former Countess Mountbatten of Burma, born Edwina Ashley, who was one of Britain's richest women when she inherited most of the £7.5 million fortune of her grandfather, Sir Ernest Cassel. Through Countess Mountbatten's paternal ancestral line, Hicks is the third great grandson of the 7th Earl of Shaftesbury. Through his maternal grandfather, the 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma, Hicks is the second cousin of Charles, Prince of Wales. He is also the godson of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Family tragedy.
Hicks used to spend Christmas holidays at the Sligo Castle in Ireland and the Mountbatten family ancestral home at Broadlands in Hampshire, where the royal family were frequent guests. When Hicks was 16 years old, his grandfather and his cousin Nicholas Knatchbull were killed, when his grandfather's fishing boat, the "Shadow V", was blown up by a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) bomb on Donegal Bay. "I didn't go on the boat because I went to buy some cigarettes. It was a beautiful summer's day and I was with India, watching television. We had the windows open and then we heard this big bang."
Marriage and family.
On 18 October 1990, Hicks married Italian designer, Marina [http://www.directorsintheuk.co.uk/company-director/1743443/MS+MARINA+HICKS] "Allegra" Federica Silvia Tondato (born Turin, Italy, 20 May 1960), a daughter of inventor Carlo Tondato and his wife, the former Rosy Maza, in Wheatley, Oxfordshire. They met in 1988, at the Café de Paris in London, when he was a student at the Architectural Association and she was studying the history of art at Sotheby's. He proposed to her over "Twiglets and apple juice at the Groucho Club" in Soho, London.
The Hickses had two children:
After their wedding, Hicks and his wife lived in a renovated building in New York City that belonged to the artist Marc Chagall's grandson. It was near Fifth Avenue, surrounded by the lofts and studios of local artists. While the building was renovated, the interior of their home was rather low scale, lacking air conditioning. Allegra said of their home, "Although it was a glamorous address it was, for us, more about the people who lived there." They lived in New York from 1991–92. In May 2009, the couple announced the end of their marriage. Today, Hicks divides his time between London and his family's old converted carriage house in Oxfordshire.
Professional background.
Hicks cites his first decorating experience took place when he was 15 or 16 years old, when he decorated his room in a checkered black-and-white motif. Everything in his room had to be either black or white, including the ceiling and carpet.
Influenced by his father, Hicks studied painting and fine art, graduating from the Bath School of Art and Design and trained with the Architectural Association School of Architecture, in London. He then worked briefly for his father's interior design house, before establishing his own architectural firm, designing interiors and furniture.
In 1997, Hicks began designing furniture at the Gem Palace in Jaipur, India. His first piece was his interpretation of a Greek Klismos chair, based on a 1920s drawing by an architect. The chair is rendered in Burmese teak, with a seat made of interwoven straps of saddle leather. He describes the chair as "far more like the ancient Greek ones in its construction, than the Neoclassical revivals". When Hicks initially designed in India, he designed under the moniker of "Jantar Mantar". Hicks explains, "It means abracadabra, also hocus pocus, and is local slang for the Jaipur Observatory."
In addition to interior and furniture design, Hicks produces a line of fabric, wallpaper, and carpeting entitled "David Hicks by Ashley Hicks". In 2002, along with his wife, he wrote "Design Alchemy", which provided an overview of the interiors and products they designed. Hicks produced a series of Allegra Hicks shops, which offer a wide collection of home accessories.
In addition to his design catalogues and books, Hicks wrote and illustrated a children's book written for his daughters and friends. The book, "Bebe Blue and the Evil Gangsta Rappers", was published by Smartleby Books in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31062349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062349" title="Nuestra Belleza Morelos">
Nuestra Belleza Morelos

Nuestra Belleza Morelos is a pageant in Morelos, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2004 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization has produced two Nuestra Belleza Mundo México titleholders in 1997 with Blanca Soto and 2013 with Daniela Álvarez and two designated as Nuestra Belleza Internacional México in 1999 with Graciela Soto and 2007 with Lorenza Bernot.
Nuestra Belleza Morelos is located at number 10 with four crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Morelos, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.

</doc>
<doc id="31062367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062367" title="Second Ivorian Civil War">
Second Ivorian Civil War

The Second Ivorian Civil War broke out in March 2011 when the crisis in Ivory Coast escalated into full-scale military conflict between forces loyal to Laurent Gbagbo, the President of Ivory Coast since 2000, and supporters of the internationally recognised president-elect Alassane Ouattara. After months of unsuccessful negotiations and sporadic violence between supporters of the two sides, the crisis entered a critical stage as Ouattara's forces seized control of most of the country, with Gbagbo entrenched in Abidjan, the country's largest city. International organizations have reported numerous instances of human rights violations by both sides, in particular in the city of Duékoué. The UN and French forces took military action, with the stated objective to protect their forces and civilians. Ouattara's forces arrested Gbagbo at his residence on 11 April.
Background.
A civil war was fought in Ivory Coast between 2002–04 between the incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo and the rebel Forces Nouvelles de Côte d'Ivoire (New Forces), representing Muslim northerners who felt that they were being discriminated against by the politically dominant and mostly Christian southerners.
In 2002 France sent its troops to Ivory Coast (Operation Unicorn) as peacekeepers. In February 2004 the United Nations established the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) "to facilitate the implementation by the Ivorian parties of the peace agreement signed by them in January 2003". Most of the fighting ended by late 2004, with the country split between a rebel-held north and a government-held south. In March 2007 the two sides signed an agreement to hold fresh elections, though they ended up being delayed until 2010, five years after Gbagbo's term of office was supposed to have expired.
After northern candidate Alassane Ouattara was declared the victor of the 2010 Ivorian presidential election by the country's Independent Electoral Commission (CEI), the President of the Constitutional Council – an ally of Gbagbo – declared the results to be invalid and that Gbagbo was the winner. Both Gbagbo and Ouattara claimed victory and took the presidential oath of office.
The international community, including the United Nations, the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), the European Union, the United States, and former colonial power France have affirmed their support for Ouattara, who is "almost universally acknowledged to have defeated at the ballot box," and called for Gbagbo to step down. On 18 December, Gbagbo ordered all UN peacekeepers to leave the country. The UN refused and the UN Security Council extended the mandate of the UN Mission in Ivory Coast until 30 June 2011. However, negotiations to resolve the dispute failed to achieve any satisfactory outcome. Hundreds of people were killed in escalating violence between pro-Gbagbo and pro-Ouattara partisans and at least a million people have fled, mostly from Abidjan.
Conflict.
After the disputed election, sporadic outbreaks of violence took place, particularly in Abidjan, where supporters of Ouattara clashed repeatedly with government forces and militias. Gbagbo's forces were said to be responsible for a campaign of assassinations, beatings and abductions directed against Ouattara's supporters.
The violence escalated through March 2011 with a number of incidents in Abidjan in which dozens of people were reported killed. In one of the deadliest single incidents, up to 30 people were killed on 17 March in a rocket attack on a pro-Ouattara suburb of Abidjan. The UN issued a statement saying that the shelling was "an act, perpetrated against civilians, could constitute a crime against humanity." 52 people were killed in further violence in Abidjan Between 21 and 26 March.
Fighting also broke out in western Ivory Coast at the end of February 2011. On 25 February, the New Forces captured the towns of Zouan Hounien and Binhouye near the border with Liberia and took control of nearby Toulepleu on 7 March. The town of Doké fell on 12 March as the New Forces pushed on towards Bloléquin, which they took on 21 March after heavy fighting.
On 28 March, the New Forces – now renamed the Republican Forces of Côte d'Ivoire (RFCI) – launched a full-scale offensive across the country. Ouattara issued a statement declaring: "All the peaceful routes to lead Laurent Gbagbo to admit his defeat have been exhausted." The towns of Duékoué and Daloa in the west of the country were captured by the RFCI, as were Bondoukau and Abengourou near the border with Ghana in the east. On 30 March, Ivory Coast's political capital Yamoussoukro and the western town of Soubré were taken without resistance. The port city of San Pédro, the world's largest cocoa exporting port, fell to the RFCI in the early hours of 31 March as did the nearby coastal town of Sassandra. On the same day Ivory Coast's borders with neighbouring countries were ordered to be sealed by Ouattara's forces.
On 30 March United Nations Security Council Resolution 1975 was issued which, in particular, urged all Ivorian parties to respect the will of the people and the election of Alassane Ouattara as President of Ivory Coast, as recognised by ECOWAS, the African Union and the rest of the international community and reiterated that UNOCI could use "all necessary measures" in its mandate to protect civilians under imminent threat of attack.
The fighting was reported to have caused heavy damage in some contested towns, from which the inhabitants were said to have fled "en masse". Large numbers of people were said to have found dead after Ouattara's forces took control of the central Ivorian towns; in Duékoué alone, over 800 people were reported to have been killed, according to the International Committee of the Red Cross, though responsibility for the massacres was unclear. Ouattara's government stated that numerous mass graves had been found in "Toulepleu, Bloléquin and Guiglo, whose authors are none other than the loyal forces, mercenaries and militias of Laurent Gbagbo." However, the United Nations blamed the RFCI for many of the deaths.
Battle of Abidjan.
In Abidjan, heavy fighting broke out on 31 March as pro-Ouattara forces advanced on the city from several directions. Residents reported seeing the RFCI forces entering the city in "a convoy of 2,000–3,000 people on foot and then dozens of cars without their headlights on." Ouattara declared a three-day curfew in Abidjan from 2100 GMT to 0600 GMT.
The United Nations peacekeepers took control of Abidjan's airport when Gbagbo's forces abandoned it, and Gbagbo's elite forces were reported to be surrounding the presidential residence. United Nations and French forces were also reported to be carrying out protective security operations in the city. The UN peacekeeping mission said its headquarters were fired on by Gbabgo's special forces on 31 March, and returned fire in an exchange lasting about three hours. UN convoys have also come under attack by Gbagbo loyalists four times since 31 March, with three peacekeepers injured in one of the attacks. The peacekeepers had exchanged fire with Gbagbo loyalists in several parts of the city. Around 500 foreign nationals took refuge at the French base at Port-Bouët, near the airport.
Ouattara appealed to Gbagbo's men to lay down their arms, promising that Gbagbo himself would come to no harm, and issued a statement: "There is still time to join your brothers. The country is calling you." Many of them defected or gave up without a fight, including the army chief of staff General Phillippe Mangou, who took refuge in the South African ambassador's house, and the head of the military police, General Tiape Kassarate, who defected to Ouattara's side. Despite belligerent language from Gbagbo's side, most of his forces appear to have decided not to fight – a decision attributed by some commentators to "the historically unwarrior-like nature of the Ivorian army" and the effect of sanctions on Gbagbo's ability to pay his forces. Military sources said that an estimated 50,000 members of the gendarmerie and armed forces had deserted, with only some 2,000 Gbagbo loyalists remaining behind to fight.
The fighting in Abidjan has been concentrated in two areas in the suburb of Cocody – around the state television building, which went off the air on the evening of 31 March, and around the residence of Laurent Gbagbo, where pro-Gbagbo Republican Guard members and armed students were said to be putting up strong resistance. Gunfire and shelling was also reported around the presidential palace in the central Plateau district of the city. Fighting also broke out in the Treichville district, where Gbagbo's Republican Guard was defending the city's main bridges, and around the gendarmerie base at Agban.
On 2 April heavy fighting was around the Agban military base and the presidential palace. State television station RTI appeared to be back under the control of Gbagbo supporters after being briefly taken off air. Many residents of Abidjan reported that supplies of food were becoming limited, with the violence making it dangerous to leave buildings to buy more.
Also on 2 April, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon told the BBC that "t this time, I strongly urge Mr Gbagbo to step down and transfer power to the legitimately elected president... Mr Ouattara."
On 4 April, non-military United Nations personnel began to be evacuated from Abidjan and hundreds of additional French troops landed in the Abidjan airport. UN and French helicopters also began firing on pro-Gbagbo military installations, a French military spokesman said the attacks were aimed at heavy artillery and armoured vehicles. Eyewitnesses reported seeing two UN Mi-24P attack helicopters firing missiles at the Akouédo military camp in Abidjan. UN helicopters were flown by Ukrainian Ground Forces crews seconded to the United Nations. The attacks sparked protests by a Gbagbo spokesperson, who said that such actions were "illegal, illegitimate and unacceptable." UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon defended the actions, however, saying that "the mission has taken this action in self-defence and to protect civilians." He noted that Gbagbo’s forces had fired on United Nations patrols and attacked the organization’s headquarters in Abidjan “with heavy-caliber sniper fire as well as mortars and rocket-propelled grenades,” wounding four peacekeepers.
On 4 April General Phillippe Mangou left the South African ambassador's residence in Abidjan and rejoined the government forces. On Ouattara's TV station, Serges Alla, a journalist claimed: "Mangou was forced to leave the South African embassy because some of his relatives were made hostage by diehard supporters of Gbagbo, and Gbagbo militiamen were putting pressure on him, saying they would bomb his village if he doesn't show himself or doesn't return to the Gbagbo army."
Early on 5 April 2011, Ouattara forces announced that they had captured the presidential palace. The same day General Philippe Mangou, the military chief of Laurent Gbagbo, called for a ceasefire.
Following calls for ceasefire by Gbagbo's military officials, it was reported that fighting has ceased in Abidjan. Special UN representative Choi Young-jin stated that all Gbagbo's top generals had defected and that "the war is over". Gbagbo had been negotiating a surrender; French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said that they were close of convincing Gbagbo to leave power. The ECOWAS bloc promised a "safe and dignified exit" for Gbagbo and his family if he conceded the election, handing power over to Ouattara. However, forces loyal to Ouattara moved to seize Gbagbo at his residence in Abidjan on 6 April 2011, after the negotiations failed.
French forces were said to have destroyed several military vehicles belonging to troops loyal to Laurent Gbagbo during a helicopter-borne mission that rescued Japan's ambassador, Yoshifumi Okamura, during heavy fighting in Abidjan during the morning of 7 April.
On 8 April pro-Ouattara forces continued to besiege Gbagbo in his residence. Ouattara said a blockade had been set up around the perimeter to make the district safe for residents. He said his forces would wait for Gbagbo to run out of food and water. However, Paris-based adviser Toussaint Alain to Gbagbo said that Gbagbo would not surrender. Also on this day, Gbagbo forces using heavy weaponry such as rockets, grenade launchers and tanks were reported to have resumed fighting in Abidjan, taking control of the Plateau and Cocody areas of the city.
On 9 April, pro-Gbagbo forces were reported to have fired on the Golf Hotel, where Ouattara was located. The attackers reportedly used both sniper rifles and mortars; in response, UN peacekeepers fired on them. Gbagbo's forces were reported to have pushed Ouattara's forces back, retaking control of the Plateau and Cocody districts of Abidjan.
The following day, United Nations and French forces carried out further air strikes against Gbagbo's remaining heavy weapons, using Mi-24 and Aérospatiale Gazelle attack helicopters. The attack was reported to have caused heavy damage to the presidential palace.
Arrest of Gbagbo.
On 11 April, Ouattara's forces stormed Gbagbo's residence and arrested him. The final assault was assisted by French forces using helicopters and armoured vehicles, although the actual capture was made by Ouattara's troops. Gbagbo, his wife, son and about 50 members of his entourage were captured unharmed and were taken to the Golf Hotel, Ouattara's headquarters, where they were placed under United Nations guard.
Killing of civilians.
Duékoué massacre.
Unknown attackers wielding machetes and various guns were reported to have killed over 1,000 civilians in a neighbourhood of the town of Duékoué, which was largely controlled by forces fighting to install the internationally recognized president according to the Catholic charity Caritas. The U.N. mission in Ivory Coast said it has a team investigating the alleged mass killings in the west of the town. The U.N. said forces of both Ouattara and Gbagbo were involved in the killings. On the 4th Caritas repeated its claims that 800 to 1,000 had been killed in the Duekoue massacre. The nation's general descent into violence had frightened both the foreigners and Caritas aid workers.
According to Guillaume N'Gefa, spokesman for the UN mission in Ivory Coast, 330 people had been killed in Duékoué as Ouattara's forces took over the town, More than 100 of them were killed by Gbagbo's troops. However, N'Gefa said the majority were executed by dozos, traditional hunters who support Ouattara.
N'Gefa said a UN team was still investigating and those figures were likely to rise. Earlier the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said at least 800 died, while Roman Catholic charity Caritas put the figure at more than 1,000. ICRC staff who visited Duekoue said the scale and brutality of the killings were shocking. Tens of thousands had fled Duékoué since 28 March.
On 7 April Rupert Colville, spokesman for the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, said its team had found 15 new bodies, bringing the total number of known dead in a 28–29 March incident to 244. Victims mostly or all of Guere ethnicity, traditional Gbagbo supporters. Some seem to have been burnt alive and some corpses were thrown down a well.
In addition to the issue of the presidency, the root cause of the massacre was believed to be over cocoa land and farming rights. The Guere are the traditional land-owners of the region; but migrant workers perform much of the manual labor on cocoa plantations. The two have a historic dispute over the rights to the farmland.
Blolequin and Guiglo massacres.
On 7 April Rupert Colville said that 40 bodies were found in Blolequin, where perpetrators were said to have been Liberian militias, who spared the Guere after separating them out from other groups. In Guiglo 60 bodies were found, including a number of West Africans.
Refugees.
According to the United Nations, due to the continuing violence more than 100,000 people have fled the country to neighbouring Liberia. At Old Pohan, a Liberian settlement next to the thickets that extend to the border, refugees greatly outnumbered the local population, and more were arriving all the time. President of Liberia Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said in an interview that “it’s a serious threat to the stability of Liberia and, I might say, to the stability of all neighboring countries”. Seeking to move the Ivorians away from border settlements, the United Nations has opened a camp about 25 miles inside Liberia. Refugees are also starting to cross in significant numbers into Ghana.
According to UK shadow international development minister Mark Lazarowicz, the UN aid programmes for Ivory Cost and Liberia are "grossly underfunded".
Although many thousands of Ivorians remain in Liberia, convoys of Ivorian refugees - each convoy containing a few hundred people - have begun heading home, frequently finding their communities still in tatters from the conflict. Ivorian officials have blamed deadly attacks launched from Liberia that targeted Ivorian border towns in 2012 on former militia fighters that remain loyal to Gbagbo and now live in refugee camps in Liberia.
In addition to refugees in Liberia, a significant number of displaced Ivorians stayed in camps throughout western Ivory Coast. The largest was in the Catholic Mission in Duékoué, where at one point church officials estimated 28,000 displaced were staying each night. The displaced persons ultimately were relocated from the Catholic Mission to the Nahibly camp on the outskirts of Duékoué. The camp was burned down by attackers in July 2012, killing 7 and chasing about 5,000 people from their temporary homes.
Mercenaries.
General Gueu Michel, the commander of Ouattara's forces in western Ivory Coast, said that Liberian mercenaries were fighting on the side of Laurent Gbagbo. Liberian and United Nations officials said the general was correct to suspect Liberian mercenaries of crossing into Ivory Coast to help Gbagbo stay in power. Harrison S. Karnwea Sr., Liberia’s interior minister said, however, that both sides were recruiting Liberian mercenaries.
Impact on foreign nationals.
By 2 April 1,400 French and other foreign nationals (900 of whom were Lebanese citizens) entered the French peacekeepers’ camp close to the Abidjan Airport. The Lebanese president, U.N. officials and French commanders provided assistance to facilitate the departure of the Lebanese, French and African nationals who wish to leave the Ivory Coast. The French army formally took over the running of Abidjan airport on the 4th in order to evacuate foreign citizens living in the Ivory Coast. Evacuations took place on the 5th and 6th.
Fiscal effects.
Ivory Coast's now defaulted $2,300,000,000 debt bond rose 1.2 points on the 6th to a new 4 monthly high, a possible sign of increased investor confidence that Ouattara will take office and resume payments.

</doc>
<doc id="31062373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062373" title="Kentucky Thunder (album)">
Kentucky Thunder (album)

Kentucky Thunder is the tenth studio album by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs. It was released in 1989 via Epic Records. The album peaked at number 18 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31062374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062374" title="Alberto Carlos Taquini">
Alberto Carlos Taquini

Alberto Carlos Taquini (December 6, 1905 – March 4, 1998) was an Argentine cardiologist, clinical researcher and academic.
Early life and education.
Taquini was born in Buenos Aires to Carlota Castiglioni and Alberto Taquini. He enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires, and graduated with a Medical Degree in 1929. His work on the University of Buenoes Aires School of Medicine research team earned Taquini a 1939 scholarship from the Argentine Society for the Advanacement of Science, with which he completed further studies at the Harvard School of Medicine.
Career.
University of Buenos Aires.
School of Medicine research team.
He joined the research team led by Dr. Bernardo Houssay (who would earn the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1946), at the Department of Physiology of the University of Buenos Aires School of Medicine. Taquini worked with Luis Leloir (Nobel Prize in Chemistry, 1970), and in 1937, was named head of the research team. The team, which included Eduardo Braun-Menéndez and Juan Carlos Fasciolo, discovered angiotensin in 1939, and was the first to describe the enzymatic nature of the renin-angiotensin system and its role in hypertension. The renin-angiotensin system has since been demonstrated to be related to numerous physiological regulatory processes, both in normal and pathophysiological conditions, and to play critical roles in the circulatory system.
Cardiology Research director.
He was appointed director of the new Institute of Cardiology Research at the University of Buenos Aires School of Medicine in 1944. The institute was created by Taquini's initiative and funding from local businessman Virginio Grego.
Educator and lecturer.
Taquini continued to teach as Professor Emeritus at the University of Buenos Aires throughout his career. He also sered as Visiting Professor in prestigious institutions around the world, including: the University of California, Stanford, Columbia, the University of Michigan, and Cornell, the University of Toronto, the University of Oxford, the University of Milan, the University of San Marcos in Peru, and the University of Chile.
Argentine National Research Council.
He was appointed Director of the Argentine National Research Council (CONICET) in 1969, and served as the first Secretary of State for Science and Technology of Argentina (1968—1971).
Professional organizations.
Taquini continued to direct the institute, while serving as chair of Internal Medicine (1952—1956) and of Physiology (1961—1970), earning national and international renown in the field of cardiology and hypertension. Dr. Taquini was elected President of the World Heart Federation (1954—1962), the International Council on Hypertension (1954—1968), the Argentine Society of Clinical Investigation, the Argentine Society of Cardiology, and the Argentine Association for the Advancement of Science (1967—1987). A member of the Buenos Aires National Academy of Medicine, he received around 100 national and international awards and was named an Honorary Member of the American College of Physicians, the American Physiological Society, the American Heart Association, and the European Society of Cardiology. 
Author.
Taquini authored four books and collaborated in several others, as well as publishing over 350 scientific papers. He was a member of the editorial committees of many journals: "Medicina", "Revista de la Sociedad Argentina de Cardiología", "Acta Physiologica et Pharmacologica Latino-Americana", the "American Heart Association Journal", and "Archives Internationales de Pharmacodynamie et Thérapie", among others.
Personal life.
Taquini married Haydée Azumendi, and they had three children. 
He remained active in both academia and on the golf course in later years, and was head of the Institute of Cardiology Research when he died at the age of 92 in Buenos Aires in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31062376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062376" title="Eyelid enhancement">
Eyelid enhancement

The use of double sided tape to create the illusion of double eyelids is a prominent practice in China and other Asian countries. There is a social element that takes the form of this practice of double eyelids. The pop culture has embraced this and is pushing millions of Chinese women to get surgery and use these non surgical alternatives to get the desired look. There is a social pressure that forces these women to feel the need to get procedures and use alternative practices to achieve a better standing in social expectations. The expectation and pressure of having double eyelids has become so great that Blepharoplasty has become a common surgery that many girls feel they need to have. The curious thing is that Chinese culture shuns plastic surgery but thinks this is a basic procedure that is acceptable. Procedures like breast augmentation, Rhinoplasty and Liposuction are thought of as taboo, whereas Blepharoplasty is not only accepted but encouraged for women.

</doc>
<doc id="31062380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062380" title="Bernard III">
Bernard III

Bernard III may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31062408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062408" title="Mula Sa Puso (2011 TV series)">
Mula Sa Puso (2011 TV series)

Mula Sa Puso (lit. "From the Heart") is a Philippine remake of the original 1997 TV series that starred Claudine Barretto, the late Rico Yan and Diether Ocampo airing on ABS-CBN from March 28, 2011 to August 12, 2011. The 2011 remake stars Lauren Young, JM De Guzman, and Enrique Gil. The show is directed by the same director of the original series, Wenn V. Deramas. This is the second soap opera remake of the network after its initial success and high ratings of the 2010 remake, "Mara Clara". The show's original airing was at 6:00pm in 1997-1999 and was used again broadcasting this 2011.
Overview.
Adaptation.
Mula Sa Puso is a remake of the 1997 television series, "Mula Sa Puso". It starred Claudine Barretto as Via, the late Rico Yan as Gabriel and Diether Ocampo as Michael. Two years after the series had its finale in 1999, it was adapted into a film where the whole cast reprised their roles. On March 2011, ABS-CBN announced that they had decided to remake the television series after the success of Mara Clara. The remake will star Lauren Young as Via, JM De Guzman as Gabriel, and Enrique Gil as Michael. Ariel Rivera and Eula Valdez, who were both part of the 1997 series and the 1999 film, respectively, are set to join the cast playing different roles this time. Wenn V. Deramas who directed the 1997 series and the 1999 film is also set to direct the remake. The series adaptation is part of "Kapamilya Gold," ABS-CBN's promotion for its upcoming series such as "Nasaan Ka Elisa?", "Maria La Del Barrio", and "Hiyas".
Synopsis.
Via has been treated like a princess by her father, Don Fernando, a millionaire. On Via's eighteenth birthday, her hand was given to her childhood friend Michael for marriage, although she does not have feelings for him like he does for her. Amid this drama, a revelation will begin when Via's aunt, Selina plots her personal retribution on her brother, at the expense of Via. In the process, Via will meet Gabriel who will save her from her heartache and become her hero in disguise. She will also cross paths with her real identity of her real mother Magda who happens to be Gabriel's adoptive mother.

</doc>
<doc id="31062410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062410" title="Roy Donley">
Roy Donley

Roy L. Donley (1885–1939) was a businessman who became a member of the Berkeley, California, Board of Park Commissioners and then the Los Angeles City Council, from 1931 to 1933.
Biography.
Roy Laurence Donley was born June 15, 1885, in Kenosha, Wisconsin, the son of William J. Donley and Catherine Weller. He attended public schools in that city and in 1903, at the age of 18, he began working in the rawhide division of N.R. Allen Sons Company of Kenosha, where he remained for four years.
He moved to San Francisco in 1907 and established a hide and skin brokerage. He became interested in civic affairs and was a member of the Berkeley, California, Board of Park Commissioners. In 1920 he transferred his business to Los Angeles. After he left the City Council, he joined the office of the Los Angeles city controller and then became deputy United States Internal Revenue collector.
Donley was married on September 14, 1910, to Sophia Anna Wenzler of Seattle, Washington. They had two children, John Robert and Evelyn Elizabeth.
A Roman Catholic, he was a member of the Jonathan Club and considered himself independent in politics.
Donley died of an apoplectic stroke in his home, 3516 West 25t Street, on September 25, 1939, at the age of fifty-two. Requiem mass was at St. Paul's Cathedral, and interment followed at Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles.
City Council.
Elections.
"See also List of Los Angeles municipal election returns, 1931 and after.
In 1931, Donley ran for election in Los Angeles City Council District 5 against the incumbent, Virgil A. Martin and six other candidates, including newspaper editor Byron B. Brainard. Martin took first place in the primary with 2,954 votes, but the decision for second place was so close that a recount was ordered, and Donley edged Brainard by 1,766 to 1,745. In the runoff, Donley was elected, with 5,671 votes against Martin's 5,510.
In that era (1932–33) District 5 was bounded on the east by Vermont Avenue, on the north by Wilshire Boulevard, on the west by La Brea Avenue and on the south by Exposition Boulevard.
In 1933, Donley and Brainard were nominated over Martin in the primary, but Brainard won the runoff with 13,163 votes to Donley's 10,499.
The next year, Donley ran for the Democratic nomination for Congress in the district held by Republican William I. Traeger but lost.
Donley again tackled Brainard in 1937, with the support of a number of progressive groups, but he lost in the primary election, with 3,591 votes to Brainard's 9,683.
Highlights.
Trial.
In 1934 he and former City Council Member James Stuart McKnight were tried on charges of agreeing to accept a $10,000 bribe to influence their votes on a city garbage contract while they were on the council. Both were acquitted.
Other.
Irish. Donley voiced his suspicion during a council meeting that the Board of Public Works was discriminating against men of Irish descent in placement for jobs. "Can't a man with a fine old Irish name of O'Connor get a job working for the city?" he asked. The matter was referred to a committee.
Fame. The councilman made two proposals that brought him a measure of fame: He suggested that each council member be allowed to appoint an assistant chief of police in his district and that the councilmen also be given control over the issuance of beer licenses in his district.
Depression. In the depth of the Great Depression, Donley urged that new taxes be levied on such things as gasoline, theaters, wrestling matches, dances, checks drawn on Los Angeles banks, soft drinks, cosmetics and tobacco to provide a fund to get the city through the winter.
Racial restrictions. Donley was one of the eight council members who in July 1931 voted against appealing a judge's decision ordering an end to racial restrictions in city-operated swimming pools, thus ending the practice. Six council members wanted to continue the legal fight. The pools had previously been restricted by race to certain days or hours.
Police. He urged that a compulsory school for police officers be abolished, stating that Police Chief Roy E. Steckel exceeded his authority in establishing it.
Olympic. Boulevard. Donley was a staunch opponent of opening and widening 10th Street, which later became Olympic Boulevard, and he submitted an unsuccessful resolution to kill the project.
References.
Access to the "Los Angeles Times" links may require the use of a library card.

</doc>
<doc id="31062419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062419" title="Bernard IV">
Bernard IV

Bernard IV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31062437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062437" title="Klaus Hilgemann">
Klaus Hilgemann

Dr. med. vet. Klaus Hilgemann (18 February 1918 – 6 July 1973) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="31062442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062442" title="Knob Lick, Metcalfe County, Kentucky">
Knob Lick, Metcalfe County, Kentucky

Knob Lick is an unincorporated community in Metcalfe County, Kentucky, United States. Knob Lick is located on Kentucky Route 70, northwest of Edmonton. Knob Lick has a post office with ZIP code 42154.
History.
Knob Lick was settled in the 1790s as part of a tract of land granted to Austin Allen. The community was originally known as Antioch after the local church, which opened in 1838. A post office opened on June 10, 1848, under the name Knob Creek; the name was changed to Antioch in 1851, and the post office closed in 1857. The post office reopened on July 23, 1867, as Knob Lick; Frank S. Ewing was the first postmaster of the new post office. The name Knob Lick came from a lick located south of a knob north of the post office.

</doc>
<doc id="31062465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062465" title="The Flanders Hotel">
The Flanders Hotel

The Flanders Hotel is located in Ocean City, Cape May County, New Jersey, United States. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 20, 2009. The Flanders Hotel is named after Flanders Fields in Belgium.
History.
The hotel was built in 1923 by the Ocean Front Hotel Corporation. The architect Vivian Smith designed the building in the Spanish Mission Revival style. The building was constructed using steel girders and concrete.
The hotel was originally managed by J. Howard Slocum until 1932 when Elwood F. Kirkman took over ownership of the hotel. James M. Dwyer purchased the building in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31062486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062486" title="Brendan Cusack">
Brendan Cusack

Brendan Francis Cusack (born June 29, 1992) is an American foil fencer who has competed with the Irish national team.
Background.
Born in Summit, New Jersey, Cusack acquired Irish citizenship from his paternal grandfather, John Cusack, who was born and raised in Westport, County Mayo, Ireland. He grew up in Glen Gardner, New Jersey and attended North Hunterdon High School, where he won the New Jersey State individual fencing title in 2011. 
He began his fencing career in 2003 with the Clinton Fencing Club. In 2008, he finished second in the Irish National Senior Championship. In 2010, he placed 39th in his first Junior World Championship in Baku, Azerbaijan. Later that year, he won the Irish Open Championship in Dublin, and in February 2011 won the bronze medal at the Junior World Cup in Aix-en-Provence, France. In March 2011, he won the New Jersey State HS Fencing Championship for the first time, after finishing 4th, 3rd and 2nd in previous attempts. As a result of placings achieved in previous World Cup events in Luxembourg, England, Austria, and Spain, he moved into the top 35 of the world rankings for under-20 fencers, and also qualified for the World Championships in Amman, Jordan, where he defeated six opponents and finished 30th of 114 entrants from 48 countries. In July 2011, Cusack became the first Irishman to finish in the top 16 of the European Fencing Championships and subsequently was selected to represent Ireland at the European Zonal Olympic Qualifiers in Bratislava, Slovakia on April 21, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31062500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31062500" title="USS SC-41">
USS SC-41

USS "SC-41", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 41" or USS "S.C. 41", was an SC-1 class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-41" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard in Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 19 February 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 41", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 41".
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 41" was classified as SC-41 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-41".
On 11 May 1921, the Navy sold "SC-41" to the C. P. Comerford Company of Lowell, Massachusetts.

</doc>
