<doc id="31073276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073276" title="Functional disconnection">
Functional disconnection

Functional disconnection is the disintegrated function in the brain in the absence of anatomical damage, in distinction to physical disconnection of the cerebral hemispheres by surgical resection, trauma or lesion. The concept was first coined by Leisman; and Sroka, Solsi, and Bornstein Applications have included alexia without agraphia dyslexia, persistent vegetative state and minimally conscious state as well as autistic spectrum disorders.
History.
Sandra Witelson reported in 1977 that developmental dyslexia may be associated with (i) bi-hemisphere representation of spatial functions, in contrast to the unitary right hemisphere control of these functions observed in normal individuals. The bilateral neural involvement in spatial processing may interfere with the left hemisphere's processing of its own specialized functions and result in deficient linguistic, sequential cognitive processing and in overuse of the spatial, holistic cognitive mode, reflecting a functional disconnection syndrome in these individuals confirmed by Leisman in the 1980s and in the 2000s.
The concept of functional disconnection developed further with Stachowiak and Poeck in 1976. who reported on a case in 1976 of a 67-yr-old male with hemianopia resulting from a cerebrovascular accident resulting in pure alexia and a color naming deficit that he suggested was due to a functional disconnection mechanism. He noted that the underlying disconnection mechanism is improved by the facilitating effect of unblocking methods (in the tactile, somesthetic, auditory, and visual systems), so that pathways other than the one impaired by the brain lesion are used.
Friston in 1998 presented a mechanistic account of how dysfunctional integration among neuronal systems arises, based on the central role played by synaptic plasticity in shaping the connections. They hypothesized that the pathophysiology of schizophrenia is expressed at the level of modulation of associative changes in synaptic efficacy; specifically the modulation of plasticity in those brain systems responsible for emotional learning and emotional memory in the post-natal period. This modulation is mediated by ascending neurotransmitter systems that: (i) have been implicated in schizophrenia; and (ii) are known to be involved in consolidating synaptic connections during learning. The pathophysiology results in a disruption of the reinforcement of adaptive behavior consistent with the disintegrative aspects of the disorder. Kim and colleagues in 2003 further described the disconnection hypothesis in schizophrenia as the result of a prefrontal-parietal lobe functional disconnection, particularly prefrontal dissociation and abnormal prefrontal-parietal interaction during working memory processing.
The concept of functional disconnection developed still further when it was applied to the understanding of the nature of autistic spectrum disorder. Geschwind and Levitt in 2007 suggested a model of the symptoms of autism in which higher-order association areas of the brain that normally connect to the frontal lobe are partially disconnected during development explaining the heterogeneity of autism etiology. The autism group at Cambridge University provided evidence that the functional connectivity of medial temporal lobe structures specifically is abnormal in people with Asperger’s syndrome at least during fearful face processing. Melillo and Leisman have similarly concluded that a functional disconnection syndrome is a basis for explaining the symptoms of autistic spectrum disorder,

</doc>
<doc id="31073295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073295" title="Manny Guzman">
Manny Guzman

Emanuel "Manny" Guzman (born July 7, 1986) is a Mexican-American soccer player currently playing for Ventura County Fusion in the USL Premier Development League.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Guzman grew up in Lakewood, California, and attended West High School in Torrance, California. He played one year of college soccer at Los Angeles Harbor College in 2005, scoring 10 goals and 11 assists, before transferring to California State University, Bakersfield in 2006.
During his college career and beyond, Guzman played with USL Premier Development League clubs Bakersfield Brigade, and Ventura County Fusion from 2009 through to 2010, and was part of the Fusion team which won the 2009 USL PDL national championship.
Professional.
Guzman signed his first professional contract in March 2011, joining USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads. He made his professional debut on April 17, 2011 in Wilmington's first game of the 2011 season, a 1-0 win over the Rochester Rhinos.

</doc>
<doc id="31073304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073304" title="Dinosaur senses">
Dinosaur senses

Dinosaur senses are difficult subjects of study for paleontologists since soft tissue anatomy rarely fossilizes.
Hearing and balance.
"Allosaurus".
The three semicircular canals of the inner ear of "Allosaurus fragilis", when viewed from the side, had a subtriangular outline. This subtriangular inner ear configuration is present in "Carcharodontosaurus", lizards, turtles, but not in birds. The pointed apex "at the junction of the anterior and posterior semicircular canals" is caused by the near linearity of the canals and closely resembles the condition of modern crocodiles. The subtriangular configuration may be the basal condition of archosauromorphs.
"Carcharodontosaurus saharicus".
The three semicircular canals of the inner ear of "Carcharodontosaurus saharicus", when viewed from the side, had a subtriangular outline. This subtriangular inner ear configuration is present in "Allosaurus", lizards, turtles, but not in birds. The semi-"circular" canals themselves were actually very linear, which explains the pointed silhouette. In life, the floccular lobe of the brain would have projected into the area surrounded by the semicircular canals, just like in other non-avian theropods, birds, and pterosaurs.
The orientation of the lagena of "C. saharicus" resembles the condition in crocodilians and some birds. The extent of its perilymphatic duct resembled those of "Varanus", crocodilians, and birds. The crista which would have supported the secondary tympanic membrane in "C. saharicus" was either absent, or not preserved. This contrasts with "Troodon", whose crista were at least partiall bony. The metotic strut of "C. saharicus" is smaller and located more closely to the midline of the animal's body than in non-avian maniraptors like "Dromaeosaurus" and "Troodon", as well as primitive birds like "Archaeopteryx" and "Hesperornis".
Theropods.
Balance in theropods was aided by a vertebral column which was almost horizontal, placing the center of gravity near the hips. Tetanurans were named for their zygapophysis-stiffened tails to counterbalance long grasping claws. Deinonychosauria had elongated processes along the neural arches, which stiffened the tail and counterbalanced its long arms. Some theropods, like "Tyrannosaurus rex", evolved very small arms relative to body size, which are thought, in part, to have allowed for increased head and jaw size.
The middle ear cavity of troodontids and ornithomimosaurs was enlarged, suggesting sensitivity to low-frequency sounds.
"Troodon".
"Troodon" had crista supporting its tympanic membrane that were ossified at least in their dorsal and ventral regions and their remaining portions either cartilaginous or too delicate to be preserved. The metotic strut of "Troodon" was "laterally hypertrophied". This condition resembles that of "Dromaeosaurus" and primitive birds like "Archaeopteryx" and "Hesperornis".
Vision.
"Carcharodontosaurus".
The optic nerve was large in "Carcharodontosaurus".
Theropods.
Among dinosaurs, theropods had exceptionally large eyes. Deinonychosaurians, especially troodontids, had forward-facing eyes, suggesting stereoscopic vision and improved depth perception. Tyrannosauroid snouts allowed for a 55˚ binocular field of view, less than a modern human but more than their hadrosaurid prey.

</doc>
<doc id="31073313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073313" title="Czechoslovak women's football championships">
Czechoslovak women's football championships

The Czechoslovak women's football championships was a competition in Czechoslovakia in women's football. The competition was organized divided between the two Czechoslovakia nations (Czech Republic and Slovakia) until 1988, the inter-national finals were played in the following years with the Czech teams winning all five of them.
History.
The first Czechoslovak women's football teams were founded in Sparta Praha and Slavia Praha clubs in the 1960s. The first international competition in the Czechoslovakia was organized in 1966 titled "O srdce Mladého světa" (Of the Mladý svět heart). The national championships was organized in Slovakia in 1967 and in 1969 in the Czech Republic. The Czechoslovak finals were introduced in the 1988/89 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31073315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073315" title="Albert Traeger">
Albert Traeger

Christian Gottfried Albert Traeger (12 June 1830 in Augsburg, Germany – 26 March 1912 in Charlottenburg) was a German privy councillor and parliamentarian of the Progressive People's Party.

</doc>
<doc id="31073316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073316" title="T3Media">
T3Media

T3Media (formerly Thought Equity Motion) offers cloud-based storage, access, and licensing for enterprise-scale video libraries. Its technology platform and services enable media owners to generate new value from their content while managing cost and complexity. Through its licensing platform and global sales force, the company licenses sports, news, and creative footage to producers in advertising, entertainment, publishing, and emerging media. In April 2012, the company changed its name from Thought Equity Motion to T3Media to represent the three core tenets of the business: storage, access and licensing.
T3Media works with global media companies, including BBC Motion Gallery, Paramount Pictures, Sony Pictures Entertainment, National Geographic, The New York Times, and the NCAA®. 
Kevin Schaff, founder and CEO of T3Media, established the business in 2003 and is responsible for overall strategy and business development across the company’s two business lines—Platform and Licensing.
Platform.
T3Media’s Platform provides a range of video storage, access and licensing services for large-scale sports, news, and entertainment libraries. T3Media helps video rights owners monetize their archives through its footage Licensing storefront. With the company's T3 Library Manager product, clients can search, preview, and deliver content in most major file formats through a web browser.
Licensing.
T3Media’s footage Licensing storefront provides a wide range of sports, news, entertainment and creative footage for producers in advertising, entertainment, publishing and emerging media. Users can search, preview, and purchase content on t3licensing.com, or work with a sales representative. The company offers its Licensing customers an array of services, including project management, Research, Footage Assurance, and Rights & Clearances.
Offices.
Headquartered in Denver, T3Media has a digital refinery in Laramie, Wyoming and offices in Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Tokyo, Sydney, Toronto, London, and sales partner offices in Paris and Mumbai.
Investors.
T3Media’s investors include Adams Street Partners, Investcorp Technology Partners, Shamrock Capital Advisors, Syncom Venture Partners, Appian Ventures, and Vista Ventures. In August 2011, T3Media announced a $25 million investment from Shamrock Capital Advisors to support the continued growth of the company’s technology platform, the expansion of its cloud storage infrastructure, and the ability to service customers globally. In January 2012, Investcorp Technology Partners invested a total of $28 million in T3Media.

</doc>
<doc id="31073319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073319" title="Ozmas">
Ozmas

Ozmas is a Christmas celebration in the Australian winter.
Since the 19th Century, European immigrants to Australia have recognized Christmas's roots as a celebration of mid-winter and have explored ways of celebrating the shortest day of the year.
The name Ozmas comes from combining 'Australia' and 'Christmas'. 

</doc>
<doc id="31073395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073395" title="2011 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships">
2011 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships

The 2011 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships was a professional tennis tournament played on carpet courts. It was the 15th edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Kyoto, Japan between 7 and 13 March 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31073434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073434" title="Ndumbe">
Ndumbe

Ndumbe is a given name. It may refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="31073435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073435" title="Roberto Gottardi">
Roberto Gottardi

Roberto Gottardi (b. 1927 in Italy) is an Italian architect. He graduated in architecture from the Instituto Superiore di Architettura di Venezia (Architecture Institute of Venice) in 1952, the same class as Massimo Vignelli. While there, one of the major influences on his formative style was his mentor Carlo Scarpa, whose craft approach to architecture refuted the tenets of Rationalist modernism. Also influential was the school’s iconoclastic director, Giuseppe Samoná, who like Scarpa, was an important critic of Rationalism.
After his studies in Venice, Gottardi worked in Milan for the firm BBPR under Ernesto Nathan Rogers. In 1957 he departed for Caracas upon the invitation of a Venezuelan architect whom he had met in Rogers’ office and ended up working with fellow Italian Vittorio Garatti and Cuban architect Ricardo Porro in the "Banco Obrero" project, led by famed architect Carlos Raúl Villanueva. Following the victory of the Cuban Revolution, Ricardo Porro invited Gottardi and Garatti to join him in the cause of building a new country. Gottardi arrived in Cuba in December, 1960, and soon began work with Porro and Garatti on the ambitious project of Havana's new National Art Schools, commissioned by Fidel Castro. As part of the three-man team who designed the National Art Schools, Gottardi created the School of Dramatic Arts. He was also the only one of the National Art Schools' three primary architects to remain in the country following the mid-1960s. 
Following his work on the School of Dramatic Arts (which remained unfinished in the face of political realignments in 1965 that ended work on the National Art Schools), Gottardi worked as a lecturer and professor at the Faculty of Architecture at the University of Havana. He also assumed the National Command Post of Agriculture (1967–1971), the Maravilla pizzeria (1967–1968), the set design for Girón (1981) and Dédalo (1991) by choreographer Rosario Cárdenas, and the remodeling of the Caracas restaurant-cafeteria (1997–1998). Today he lives, teaches and practices architecture in Havana, and began working with the Cuban National Council of Conservation in 2008 on restoring and finishing the School of Dramatic Arts that had remained incomplete since 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="31073453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073453" title="Gordon Roseleip">
Gordon Roseleip

Gordon Roseleip (July 30, 1912 – February 27, 1989) was an American, Republican politician and businessman from Wisconsin.
Born in Platteville, Wisconsin, Roseleip was a veteran of World War II and the Korean War. Roseleip was a businessman; he served in the Wisconsin State Senate from 1963 to 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31073457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073457" title="Steve Stabler">
Steve Stabler

Steve Stabler is Chairman and CEO of Commotion Pictures. Throughout his career, Stabler has given many first time directors their start. Among those directing their first feature film for Stabler were Peter and Bobby Farrelly ("Dumb and Dumber", "Kingpin"), Kevin Spacey ("Albino Alligator"), Jon Turteltaub ("Driving Me Crazy", "Think Big", Phedon Papamichael ("Sketch Artist"), and Tom Schulman ("8 Heads in a Duffel Bag").
Motion Picture Corporation of America.
In 1986, Stabler and longtime business partner Brad Krevoy co-founded Motion Picture Corporation of America, which became one of the most prolific suppliers of moderately budgeted independent films in the industry. Among his successful titles were Threesome starring Stephen Baldwin and Lara Flynn Boyle. The film became one of the most profitable independent features ever made. He also produced "Dumb and Dumber" with Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels and "Kingpin" with Bill Murray and Woody Harrelson. In addition, "Beverly Hills Ninja" starring Chris Farley. As well as "If Lucy Fell" starring Sarah Jessica Parker and Ben Stiller.
Orion Pictures.
In 1996, John Kluge's Metro Media International Group purchased Motion Picture Corporation of America and Stabler became co-president of Orion Pictures where he was responsible for production, marketing, and distribution of motion pictures and television. While at Orion, Stabler produced nine films and oversaw the marketing and distribution. While at Orion, Stabler produced films for Academy Award-winner Tom Schulman ("Dead Poets Society") and released films such as 1997's Academy Award and Golden Globe nominee for Best Foreign Language Film, "Prisoner of the Mountains" (directed by Sergei Bodrov), and the critically acclaimed "Ulee's Gold" (directed by Victor Nunez, presented by Jonathan Demme, and starring Academy Award-winner Peter Fonda).
Destination Film Distribution Company.
In 1996, Stabler co-founded and was chairman and CEO of Destination Film Distribution Company. Seeking to develop and enhance the success that the distributors of Stabler's previous films achieved, Stabler obtained 100 million dollars in financing and built from scratch a North America distribution company. While at Destination, Stabler successfully produced marketed and distributed eight films including "Drowning Mona" with Bette Midler and Danny DeVito, "Bats" with Lou Diamond Phillips and Dina Meyer, "Eye of the Beholder" with Ashley Judd and Ewan McGregor, "Beautiful" (directed by Sally Fields) with Minnie Driver, "Thomas and the Magic Railroad" with Alec Baldwin and Peter Fonda, "Slackers" with Jason Schwartzman and Jason Segel, "Buying the Cow" with Jerry O'Connell and Bridgette Wilson, and "Whipped" with Amanda Peet and Brian Van Holt.
Commotion Pictures.
Commotion Pictures has completed feature films for the R.L. Stein book series "Mostly Ghostly" with Madison Pettis and Sterling Beaumon for Universal Pictures and best selling game "" with Michael Rosenbaum and Kiefer Sutherland for Paramount Pictures. As well as "Recipe for Disaster" with John Larroquette and Lesley Ann Warren and "Just for Kicks" with Tom Arnold, Cole Sprouse and Dylan Sprouse for MGM.

</doc>
<doc id="31073458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073458" title="2011 BH Telecom Indoors">
2011 BH Telecom Indoors

The 2011 BH Telecom Indoors was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the ninth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina between 7 and 13 March 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following players received entry as an Lucky Loser into the singles main draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31073465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073465" title="Frank Irvine">
Frank Irvine

Frank Irvine (September 15, 1858 - June 23, 1931) was a federal judge, and later the dean of Cornell Law School.
Biography.
He was born on September 15, 1858 in Sharon, Pennsylvania.
In 1922 he was nominated for Congress. He died on June 23, 1931 in Ithica, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31073480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073480" title="Gene Dinwiddie">
Gene Dinwiddie

Gene Dinwiddie (born Charles Eugene Dinwiddie, September 19, 1936, Louisville, Kentucky, United States, died January 11, 2002, La Puente, Los Angeles, California), was an American blues saxophonist, who is best known as a member of the Butterfield Blues Band.
Dinwiddie had played since the 1950s in both jazz and blues until, in 1967, the Butterfield Blues Band formed. In this he remained until their separation in 1971, and afterwards he was still a member of the successor band, Full Moon.
It also was during the 1960s that he was a member of the James Cotton Blues Band and worked in the 1970s as a session musician, amongst other musicians for, B. B. King, Paul Butterfield, Gregg Allman, Melissa Manchester and Jackie Lomax. In the 1990s, his work as a session musician continued. He can be heard, for example, on Etta James' "Stickin' to My Guns" (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="31073492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073492" title="1979 Asian Wrestling Championships">
1979 Asian Wrestling Championships

The following is the final results of the 1979 Asian Wrestling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31073525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073525" title="2011 Cachantún Cup">
2011 Cachantún Cup

The 2011 Cachantún Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the sixth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Santiago, Chile between 7 and 13 March 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31073529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073529" title="Havulinna">
Havulinna

Havulinna is a surname. It may refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="31073566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073566" title="Xander Kostroma">
Xander Kostroma

Xander Kostroma (born 7 April 1987, Swansea) is a British designer best known for his ethical and fair trade awareness within the fashion world. Winner of the Old Dy'vorian award in 2007/2008, Kostroma went onto create the ethical brand Emi Clothing Limited in 2009. Kostroma won a Peoples Choice award in 2010, and in early 2011 was selected as one of Wales rising designers to show at Fashion Wales LIVE. Kostroma continues to design, and is now working on a range of ethical women's clothing made using lycocell and cotton.
Biography.
Xander Theodore Shanxi Kostroma born in Swansea into a working-class family with his sister Jessie-Lea, the children of Paula Kostromin.
At the age of 17, while Kostroma worked at M&S was where his first interest at working at head office began. Kostroma went to his home town University and was personally submitted onto the Surface Pattern Design Course, by course director Linda Nottingham after she saw his styling portfolio and business brief in a meeting he arranged with her. Kostroma left Swansea University with a HND in Surface Pattern Design shortly after winning The Old Dy'vorian Award in 2007/2008. Kostroma's business ran for 2 years, and was one of the top 10 wholesale companies in the UK prior to dissolving in 2009 due to the down turn in the economy and the deep recession.
Towards the end of 2009, Kostroma then formed Emi Clothing Limited (a jewellery company, more commonly known as Emi♥) that practices ethical issues and works directly with BAFTs and WFTO certified producers and suppliers and actively promotes ethical working conditions around the world. Originally, taking the role of an Allocator, Kostroma worked with a merchandiser and a buyer as well as various student interns to help build the business and to expand their working portfolios. Emi♥ show casted their premier 2010 jewellery collection at The Fashion Show, in Cardiff.
Late 2010 Kostroma left Emi♥ and took a job as an assistant merchandiser for JD Sports, based in Manchester. However, 2 months after leaving Emi♥, Kostroma was offered the role as the director for Emi Clothing Limited and took up the position as head buyer for the brand as well as continuing to work at his current position at JD Sports.
Since his return to the business, Emi♥ sell ladies ethical clothing made from lycocell and cotton, and produce one to two exclusive collections each year (with plans in the future for a recycled clothing line) which have been exhibited at shows such as The Spring Fashion Show, in Manchester. His designs can now be found in boutiques in Wales as well as various independent websites. Kostroma won a place as Wales's rising designer at Fashion Wales LIVE in 2011 where he showcased his premier clothing collection and featured his work in 2 campaigns in America including cities such as New York, Michigan & LA. Kostroma has also appeared in various magazine publications both in the UK and America, his most recent being December 2011.
Sadly, towards the end of 2011 the ethical factory that Emi♥ used to produce their clothing, closed down which meant an instant cease of the brands clothing line. Kostroma decided to take the brand back to her roots and focussed solely on bohemian jewellery. (which was the main objective of the brand during the original launch). Working alongside the brand, Kostroma was offered to help a new online brand called MeeMee establish itself within the fashion world. Kostroma left JD Sports and took up the new position with this new company towards the end of the year "with open arms".
The beginning of 2012 brought new highs and great opportunities for Kostroma & his fashion brand. Emi♥ was signed by a Fashion Agent in London which exploded his brands presence within Europe with new stores stocking his jewellery in Spain & Germany snapping up his brand and expanding its presence on the High Street. Kostroma left MeeMee once the company had established itself to work solely on Emi♥ and continues to push his brand forward in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31073605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073605" title="Bob Edmundson">
Bob Edmundson

Robert E. Edmundson (1879–1931), was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1906-1908. He would play for the Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="31073619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073619" title="Cyrtandra oenobarba">
Cyrtandra oenobarba

Cyrtandra oenobarba is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name shaggystem cyrtandra. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known only from the island of Kauai. It can be found in only three localized areas of the island and there are fewer than 500 individuals remaining in the wild. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 2010. Like other Hawaiian "Cyrtandra" it is called ha`iwale.
This plant grows in wet inland valleys where there is abundant rainfall. It grows in constantly wet habitat such as bogs and mossy rocks near waterfalls. This habitat is degraded by feral pigs and exotic plant species.
This subshrub is thought to have been much more widespread in the past; it was collected from many locations on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="31073624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073624" title="Buddy Roemer presidential campaign, 2012">
Buddy Roemer presidential campaign, 2012

Former Governor of Louisiana and former U.S. Representative Buddy Roemer of Louisiana began a movement for the 2012 Republican Party nomination for President of the United States shortly following the 2010 midterm elections. After his exclusion from every nationally-televised Republican debate, Roemer announced on February 22, 2012 that he would instead pursue a place on a third-party ticket, specifically the Reform Party and Americans Elect nominations. Shortly after Americans Elect announced they would not be fielding a candidate, Roemer's campaign announced on May 31, 2012 that he was ending his 2012 presidential campaign altogether.
Early stages.
Exploratory committee.
In January 2011, Roemer publicly stated that he was considering a bid for the U.S. presidency in 2012. On March 3, 2011, he announced the formation of an exploratory committee to prepare for a possible run for the 2012 presidential nomination of the Republican Party. Roemer stressed that campaign finance reform would be a key issue in his campaign.
Roemer filed his organization with the Federal Elections Commission as an exploratory committee, and announced the organization in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on March 3, 2011.
Campaign developments.
Roemer was denied an invitation to the first Republican presidential debate held on May 5, 2011. He responded by posting his responses to questions asked in the debate on his campaign's YouTube account.
On November 8, 2011, Roemer appeared on the Colbert Report in an "issue ad" coordinated directly with the Colbert Super PAC, a political action committee. The ad mimicked an ad featuring Democratic Senator Ben Nelson and paid for by the Nebraska Democratic Party.
Formal announcement.
Roemer officially announced his candidacy at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire on July 21, 2011.
Candidate campaign participation.
Roemer has not been invited to any of the Republican debates because he failed to meet the 2% minimum criterion, and when he met the 2% minimum criterion, CNN (the debate organizer) increased the minimum fundraising requirement needed to be admitted to the debate. Roemer was not included as an option in several polls until the 2012 Iowa Caucus and the 2012 New Hampshire Primary in early January. Roemer has attempted to reach audiences through social media, including tweeting responses to debates in which he could not participate. His donations average $30,000 a month, far below what is raised by the front runners.
This difference in campaign fundraising may be attributed to the fact that Roemer has limited donations to $100 per US citizen, and is denying all PAC, Super PAC, and corporate donations. His campaign garnered some visibility, nonetheless, when Roemer starred in an advertisement for Stephen Colbert's Super PAC, in November 2011. The ad lampooned the flimsiness of legal restrictions against Super PACs coordinating with the candidates they support.
On Wednesday, November 30, 2011, Buddy Roemer officially announced that he will seek the Americans Elect nomination.
Reform Party.
Roemer sought additional third-party options after it became apparent that he would not be competitive in any of the Republican primaries. While Roemer had expressed interest in Americans Elect, that organization announced on May 17, 2012 that Roemer had not garnered enough support in its polling to win the party's nomination, and that no one would run on the Americans Elect line in 2012.
There was also a movement within the Reform Party of the United States to draft Roemer to their ticket.
On December 10, 2011 he appeared at an event organized by the Reform Party of New Jersey. He told the crowd: "If the Republican Party keeps shutting me out, I will find a way to have a third party stand with me, and we will get in those debates!" Later that month, Dino Scaros, an organizer for the Pennsylvania Reform Party, appeared on a radio program to urge Roemer to join his party.
Reform Party of New Jersey Chairman Jake Zychick spent two weeks in New Hampshire campaigning with Roemer. The Governor retweeted a post urging all other Reform Party activists to do the same.
Columnist Dennis "DJ" Mikolay has urged Roemer to join the Reform Party, saying: "The fact of the matter is simple: it is time for Buddy Roemer to leave the Republican Party behind. He has remained above their tomfoolery for years, and there is no reason for him to remain in a party that doesn’t share his ideals or ethics."
On February 22, 2012 Roemer announced he would seek the Reform Party's nomination. In the Reform Party of New Jersey's presidential straw poll at their state convention on April 14, 2012, Roemer lost to entrepreneur and fellow RPUSA presidential hopeful Andre Barnett by a 50% margin.
On April 7, 2012 it was announced that Roemer was reaching out to the Modern Whig Party for support.
Media attention.
On January 5, 2012 Roemer was interviewed on reddit, answering questions about his political history, his tax policies, his views on insurance companies, and his opinion of the other presidential candidates.
Roemer's polls results and other aspects related to his campaign have been detailed in a series of Slate editorials entitled "Roementum", written by David Weigel, a top political correspondent and journalist.
Results.
Roemer finished in last place among those on the ballot in the 2012 Iowa caucus; final results showed Roemer with 17 votes. He finished with fewer votes than no preference, the sum total of write-in candidates, and Herman Cain, who had already ceased campaigning a month prior.
In the New Hampshire primary Roemer received 945 votes for 0.38% of the total, coming in 7th place behind Rick Perry.
He was also on the ballot in Puerto Rico, Arizona, Michigan, California and Illinois, and qualified for the Idaho caucus as well as several other states. On March 20 he came in 3rd place in Puerto Rico with 2.3% of the vote. As of May 29, 2012, he has received 21,060 votes.
End of campaign.
On May 31, 2012, Roemer announced that he was ending his campaign for the presidency in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31073626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073626" title="Larry Cox">
Larry Cox

Larry Cox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31073639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073639" title="Kabuki Rocks">
Kabuki Rocks


</doc>
<doc id="31073645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073645" title="Iacone">
Iacone

Iacone is a surname. The following people have the surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31073652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073652" title="1851 in birding and ornithology">
1851 in birding and ornithology

Birds.
Birds described in 1851 include the Bare-necked Umbrellabird, Common ʻAmakihi, Dusky-headed Parakeet, Madeira Firecrest, Madeiran Storm-petrel, North Island Brown Kiwi, Olive Sparrow, Grey-crowned Palm-tanager, Red-headed Fody, Rufous-throated Tanager, Silver-throated Tanager, Sri Lanka Bush-warbler, Yellow-bellied Tanager and Yellow-eared Bulbul.
The last Norfolk Island Kākā died in captivity in London.
Isidore Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire describes the Elephant bird.
Institutions.
Ongoing events

</doc>
<doc id="31073668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073668" title="David Howell (British Army officer)">
David Howell (British Army officer)

Major General David Malcolm Howell, CB, OBE is a barrister and retired British Army officer who was, until January 2011, Director General, Army Legal Services.
Military career.
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1991, having served in Northern Ireland and Companion of the Order of the Bath in the 2006 Queen's Birthday Honours.
He was promoted to captain on 9 June 1975 and transferred from a short-service to a regular commission on 25 February 1977, retaining the rank of captain with seniority from 9 June 1975. He was promoted to major in 1982 and resigned his commission later the same year, but was reinstated on 12 March 1984, with seniority from 22 September 1983. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1988. He served in Iraq during the Gulf War in 1991 and promoted to colonel on 30 June 1998, with seniority from the same date, and to brigadier in 2001.
He was appointed Director General, Army Legal Services in 2003—a position he held until his retirement on 28 January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31073671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073671" title="Clyde Goodwin">
Clyde Goodwin

Clyde Samuel Goodwin (November 12, 1886 – October 12, 1963) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played in the minor leagues from 1903 to 1914 and appeared in Major League Baseball in 1906. Goodwin was 5 feet, 11 inches tall and weighed 145 pounds.
Career.
Goodwin was born in Shade, Ohio, in 1886. He attended Purdue University, where he played college baseball for the Boilermakers from 1905–1906.
He started his professional baseball career in the Central League in 1903, when he was 16 years old. The following season, he pitched in the Southern Association and had a win–loss record of 17–6.
In 1905, Goodwin went to the American Association. He won 23 games in 1905 and 16 games in 1906 before being purchased by the American League's Washington Senators in August. Goodwin played four games for the major league club in September and October 1906, going 0–2 with a 4.43 earned run average. That was the only time he made it to the majors. In 1907, he returned to the AA's Milwaukee Brewers and went 21–23, leading the league in innings pitched (376) and losses.
Goodwin stayed in the American Association until 1909. He joined the Southern Association's Memphis Turtles in 1910, went 5–12 over two years, and then pitched for the Texas League's San Antonio Bronchos from 1911 to 1914. He won 22 games for the Bronchos in 1912, which was the third and last time that he won more than 20 games in a season.
Goodwin retired from professional baseball after 1914. Overall, he had a win–loss record of 168–140 in the minor leagues during his 12-year career. He died in Dayton, Ohio, in 1963 and was buried in St. Joseph Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31073672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073672" title="Gerald J. Toomer">
Gerald J. Toomer

Gerald James Toomer (born 23 November 1934) is a historian of astronomy and mathematics who has written numerous books and papers on ancient Greek and medieval Islamic astronomy. In particular, he translated Ptolemy's "Almagest" into English.
Formerly a fellow of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge University, he moved to Brown University as a special student in 1959 to study "the history of mathematics in antiquity and the transmission of these systems through Arabic into medieval Europe." He joined the History of Mathematics department in 1963, became an associate professor in 1965, and was the chairman from 1980 to 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31073685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073685" title="Yasir Abdel Baqi">
Yasir Abdel Baqi

Yasir Abdel Baqi (born 1972) is a Yemeni novelist, screenwriter, journalist and author. He was born in Aden and studied history and antiquities at university. His first book of short stories was called "Ahlam" (Dreams) followed by a collection called "Night Woman". His controversial novel "Zahavar" appeared in 2008. 
More recently, Abdel Baqi has written his first screenplay "Waheedah". He has also contributed to a stage play called "Red Card" that was presented by the theatre group Gulf of Aden in 2010.
Abdel Baqi's work has appeared in translation in English and Italian. His short story "Pullman #99" has featured in two foreign-language anthologies: "Oranges in the Sun" (2007) and "Perle dello Yemen" (2009). He was also one of the Yemeni authors presented in an issue of Banipal magazine devoted to contemporary Yemeni literature. 
Abdel Baqi is an editor of the Aden-based magazine Al-Manara, an organ of the Yemen Writers' Union.

</doc>
<doc id="31073690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073690" title="Bruce Winstein">
Bruce Winstein

Bruce Winstein (25 September 1943, Los Angeles – 28 February 2011) was an experimental physicist and cosmologist noted for his early work in elementary particle physics, particularly work toward demonstrating a serious asymmetry between particles and their anti-particles (CP violation). Later in his career, he worked in experimental cosmology, measuring polarization in the microwave background radiation whose properties date back to the early universe.
Career.
After a distinguished early career in experimental elementary particle physics, Winstein spent a year in Princeton as a Guggenheim Fellow, learning about astrophysics in general and the microwave background radiation in particular. He then returned to his position as the Samuel K. Alison Distinguished Service Professor in Physics at the University of Chicago, where he founded its NSF Physics Frontier Center for Cosmological Physics.
In 1999, he was leader of Fermilab's KTeV experiment, which produced the first definitive evidence for direct CP violation, an important proof that that matter and anti-matter are not perfect twins. He was also leader of the QUIET experiment, a multi-year international collaboration that sought to detect gravity waves in the early universe by measuring polarization in the microwave background radiation.
He received his B.S. degree in Physics and Math from UCLA and his PhD. in 1970 from CalTech.
Winstein was inducted into the National Academy of Science in 1995 and to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2007. Also in 2007, he was awarded the W,H, Panofsky Prize in Experimental Particle Physics by the American Physical Society.
Honors.
Winstein was a member of both the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
In 2007, the American Physical Society awarded him its W.K.H. Panofsky Prize in Experimental Particle Physics, with the following citation: "For leadership in the series of experiments that resulted in a multitude of precision measurements of properties of neutral K mesons, most notably the discovery of direct CP violation." 

</doc>
<doc id="31073695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073695" title="Transboundary Watershed Region">
Transboundary Watershed Region

The Transboundary Watershed Region is a region of northwest British Columbia and southeast Alaska that includes the Tatshenshini-Alsek, Chilkat, Chilkoot, Skagway, Taiya, Taku, Iskut-Stikine, Unuk, and Whiting watersheds. The region extends from high alpine tundra, through boreal landscapes and coastal rainforests, to the island marine environment of southeast Alaska, covering over .
The land and rivers within these watersheds support populations of wildlife including: grizzly and black bears, moose, caribou, mountain goats, sheep, wolves, and rare migratory birds. The major rivers of the region are abundant with wild Pacific salmon.
The "Transboundary Watershed Region" remains home to the Tlingit, Tahltan, Haida, Champagne-Aishihik and Carcross-Tagish First Nations, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="31073723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073723" title="The Big Year">
The Big Year

The Big Year is a 2011 comedy film starring Steve Martin, Jack Black and Owen Wilson. "The Big Year" was directed by David Frankel and written by Howard Franklin. It was based on the nonfiction book "The Big Year: A Tale of Man, Nature and Fowl Obsession" which was written by Mark Obmascik. The book followed three men on a quest for a Big Year - a competition among birders to see who can see and identify the greatest number of species of birds in North America (north of Mexico) in a calendar year. The film uses the same premise with fictional characters.
The film was released on October 14, 2011, in the United States. Filming took place from May to July 2010. It was released in the United Kingdom on November 14, 2011.
Plot.
The film follows three amateur birders who each set out to achieve a Big Year. They are Brad Harris (Jack Black), a 36-year-old computer programmer based in Baltimore; Stu Preissler (Steve Martin), founder and CEO of a New York company bearing his name; and a roofing contractor named Kenny Bostick (Owen Wilson), who holds the current Big Year record of 732 birds. 
Bostick is obsessively possessive of his record, but his second wife Jessica (Rosamund Pike) is concerned; this was supposed to be the year they focused on conceiving a child. She also believes that Bostick's birding obsession is what destroyed his previous marriage.
Brad is a skilled birder who can identify nearly any species solely by sound. He hates his job maintaining the operational software of a Pennsylvania nuclear power plant. Living with his parents after a failed marriage, an aborted career at Dell, and dropping out of grad school, he is a "typical Jack Black underachiever". He hopes that doing a Big Year will give him a sense of purpose and possibly even make his father proud of him.
Stu is the founder and CEO of an enormous Manhattan-based chemical conglomerate which he built from the ground up, starting in his garage. After decades of corporate success, he is ready to retire to Colorado with his architect wife. Fear of an empty schedule led him to come back from a previous retirement, but now he wants to leave his company in the hands of his two lieutenants (Kevin Pollak and Joel McHale). The company is in the middle of complicated negotiations to merge with a competitor, so his two anointed successors keep calling him back to New York for important meetings; to some extent he is a "prisoner of his own success". A Big Year has been his lifelong dream and he's pursuing it with the full support of his wife.
At his parents' house over dinner, Brad reveals to his father (Brian Dennehy) that he has begun his Big Year and the travel costs necessary to undertake his dream have already been budgeted. His father objects, but Brad is resolute, encouraged by his mother (Dianne Wiest).
Stu flies off to British Columbia after receiving notification of a Xantus's Hummingbird sighting in a backyard there. His former company colleagues try unsuccessfully to convince him to return to New York City. Unbeknownst to Stu, Bostick arrives at the same house in British Columbia and sees the hummingbird. Bostick again comes into contact with Stu when all three men are aboard a birding boat. Aware he may have a fellow birder on his tail, Bostick tries to worsen Stu's seasickness. Brad befriends a nauseated Stu and also meets for the first time fellow birder Ellie (Rashida Jones).
Bostick's wife attempts to gain her husband's attention back on the home front, informing him she has decided to hire a rival contractor to begin work on remodeling their home. Brad is feeling the financial pressure of balancing the need for constant exotic travel with his work schedule and limited budget. Meanwhile, the merger of Stu's company continues to hit snags, causing his former lieutenants to pressure Stu to take an active role in the increasingly acrimonious negotiations.
A freak storm in the Gulf Coast creates a rare "fallout" event, driving exotic birds away from their established migratory routes and forcing them to take refuge on the one patch of land available. It's such an invaluable opportunity to spot dozens of rare, non-native species that Stu, Brad and Bostick all immediately drop what they're doing to bird the island, despite the effects this will have on the merger deal, his job, and his marriage, respectively. Hundreds of birders flock to the area, including Ellie, much to Brad's delight. After spending the day birding together, Brad and Stu dine together and bond further, forming the seeds of a close friendship. Brad discloses he is currently doing a Big Year; Stu does not. He's still smarting from Bostick's interference earlier in the year, and fears what would happen if too many people learned of his own pursuit and word got back to Bostick.
The negotiations for the merger of Stu's company have collapsed completely and the only hope is a do-or-die session scheduled to take place just before Stu's birding expedition to Attu Island. Stu's former lieutenants persuade him to come to the meeting,
A friend of Brad's (Jim Parsons) who writes a prominent birding blog happens to discover Stu's growing list. He posts a picture of Stu, along with his Big Year total of 457 species to date. Feeling hurt that Stu did not tell him, Brad divulges Stu's goal to Bostick while the two are aboard a plane on their way to Attu Island. Stu was booked on the same chartered flight but narrowly missed it, held up by his successful closing of the merger deal. Stu's disappointment only worsens as he watches local news anchormen stating that a storm created prime birding conditions on Attu. Stu arrives days later and makes amends with Brad, wanting to remain friends. He encourages Brad in his pursuit of Ellie, who also made the trip.
When they all are back home, Ellie calls Brad to inform him a Pink-footed Goose has been spotted in Boston. Any thoughts he had of pursuing her are dashed, however, when she and her boyfriend pick him up from the train station.
Stu and Brad meet up again while awaiting a ferry to an island where a Blue-footed Booby has been spotted. They compare notes and each is pleased with the other's progress: each has spotted more than 700 species. When they encounter Bostick, Brad injudiciously reveals his number. Bostick then tricks Stu and Brad into concluding that the Booby had just been spotted on the mainland. When the two realize how cleverly Bostick had manipulated them into missing the Booby, they decide to form an alliance against him and begin birding as a team. Well-heeled Stu pays for a helicopter ride to see snowcocks. 
Upon landing, Brad is notified that his father has suffered a heart attack; he returns home to be with him. His father comes to affectionately view his son with a newfound respect after hearing Brad explain his love for his favorite bird, the American Golden Plover, and comes to understand the significance of his Big Year attempt. He accompanies Brad into the snowy woods and helps him locate a Great Grey Owl.
All three birders are coming to understand the cost of their birding obsessions. Brad leaves his sick father behind on the trail when he became short of breath during their pursuit of the Great Grey Owl; cursing himself, he rushes back to find that all is well. Stu finds that he's regretting the time he's spending away from his wife and his new grandson, born during the Big Year and named "Stu" in his honor.
Bostick races home from yet another birding trip to keep an important appointment with his wife at a fertility clinic. He is literally at the front door of the clinic when he receives a report of a sighting of a Snowy Owl, his most coveted and elusive bird. Despite the fact that his wife is waiting inside to have her eggs harvested, fertilized and implanted after undergoing months of hormone injections, he speeds back to the airport and phones in an obviously made-up excuse for his absence. His wife returns alone to their big house, and screams in frustration inside the empty nursery. When Bostick finally returns home after the (fruitless) search for the Snowy Owl, she tells him she still loves him but can't be his wife anymore.
As the year draws to a close, Stu enjoys his newborn grandson; Brad gets a phone call from Ellie saying she and her boyfriend have broken up; and Bostick dines alone in a Chinese restaurant on Christmas Eve, still seeking a Snowy Owl.
When Stu is offered the chairmanship of 3M, the parent company that bought Preissler Chemical, he realizes that his fears of retirement are gone and he easily turns down the opportunity to become one of the world's most powerful CEOs. Brad and Stu close out their Big Year together near Stu's home in Colorado by finally sighting a Norwegian species that they'd just missed spotting during the fallout. Now close friends, they congratulate each other on "a very Big Year indeed."
The Big Year results are published and Stu phones Brad with the news. Bostick is first with 755, a new record; Brad came in second; Stu was fourth. Brad opines that "he got more birds, but we got more everything," as he looks at Ellie, who has come for a weekend visit. Stu smiles, looking at his wife.
The film ends with Brad and Ellie cozily birding together on a rocky coastline, while Brad confesses that birding is no longer the biggest part of his life. Stu, contented in retirement, is hiking with his toddler grandson (already enamored by birds) in the Rockies. And Bostick is on a birding adventure in China, alone and gazing wistfully at a happy couple walking with their newborn child.
Production.
Principal photography was done from May 3 to July 30, 2010 in Vancouver. Jack Black's fall on Attu Island was unscripted.
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. The Hollywood Reporter described it as a "genial, amusing and somewhat unfathomable" film; the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette called it a "gentle, light-hearted comedy" about "people trying to be the best, following their dreams and enjoying the wonder of birds". It holds a 40% rating on Rotten Tomatoes with the consensus stating: "Though made with care and affection for its characters, "The Big Year" plods along, rarely reaching any comedic heights." CinemaScore polls reported that the average grade moviegoers gave the film was a "B-minus" on an A+ to F scale.
The film was a box office failure, despite the established stars like Martin, Black and Wilson as the leads. Based on a budget of $41 million, it took in just $7.4 million in ticket sales worldwide according to Box Office Mojo.
Songs.
Soundtrack references:

</doc>
<doc id="31073733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073733" title="Karl Schrepfer">
Karl Schrepfer

Karl Schrepfer (10 February 1917 – 6 September 1946) was a highly decorated Major in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. During his career he flew 800+ missions.

</doc>
<doc id="31073742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073742" title="Don Lincoln">
Don Lincoln

Don Lincoln is an American particle physics researcher at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory and adjunct Professor of Physics at the University of Notre Dame. He received a Ph.D. in experimental particle physics from Rice University in 1994. In 1995, he was a codiscoverer of the top quark. He has coauthored hundreds of research papers and, more recently, was a member of the team finding evidence for the Higgs boson.
Lincoln is a public speaker and science writer and has contributed many science articles in magazines that include Analog Science Fiction and Fact in July 2009, Scientific American in November 2012, and The Physics Teacher in September 2012. He is also the author of books describing particle physics written for the public. They are "Understanding the Universe: From Quarks to the Cosmos" (2004), "Understanding the Universe: From Quarks to the Cosmos (Revised edition)" (2012) and "The Quantum Frontier: The Large Hadron Collider" (2009). In 2013, he released a book called "Alien Universe: Extraterrestrials in our Minds and in the Cosmos," which explains how the common images of extraterrestrials came to enter Western culture and then goes on to explore what modern physics, chemistry and biology can tell us about what real intelligent alien life might be like.
In recent years, he has been heavily involved in research using the DZero detector at the Fermilab Tevatron and also at the Compact Muon Solenoid (CMS) on the Large Hadron Collider at CERN. His popularizations also include columns that translate CMS (monthly) and DZero (biweekly) physics measurements for the public. He is also the author of a recurring segment, "Physics in a Nutshell", in the Fermilab online newspaper and blogs for the television show NOVA website. Additionally, he has created several videos that translate particle physics and cosmology for a lay audience.
Lincoln received the 2013 European Physical Society HEPP Outreach award for “for communicating in multiple media the excitement of High Energy Physics to high-school students and teachers, and the public at large”.

</doc>
<doc id="31073745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073745" title="Con Starkel">
Con Starkel

Conrad Starkel (1880–1933), was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues in 1906. He would play for the Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="31073821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073821" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres hurdles">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres hurdles

The Men's 60 metres hurdles event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4 with the final being held on March 4 at 18:50 local time.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 in each heat and 2 best performers advanced to the Final. The semifinals were held at 16:10.
Final.
The final was held at 18:50.

</doc>
<doc id="31073865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073865" title="Vittorio Garatti">
Vittorio Garatti

Vittorio Garatti (born 1927 in Italy) is an Italian architect.
Biography.
He graduated in architecture in 1957 from the Politecnico di Milano, where Ernesto Nathan Rogers was a major influence. Guido Canella and Gae Aulenti were his classmates.
The Venezuelan experience.
In that same year, Garatti departed for Venezuela, where he found employment in the "Banco Obrero" project led by architect Carlos Raúl Villanueva, and began teaching at the University in Caracas. Garatti, like fellow architect and "Banco Obrero" project mate Roberto Gottardi, had been a young participant in the post-war debate in Italy against Rationalism, a critique that was led by such figures as Ernesto Nathan Rogers, Carlo Scarpa, Mario Ridolfi, Giuseppe Samonà and Bruno Zevi.
The Cuban experience.
Following the victory of the Cuban Revolution, Cuban-born architect (and "Banco Obrero" participant) Ricardo Porro invited Garatti and Roberto Gottardi to join him in Havana in early 1961. Garatti soon began work with Porro and Gottardi on the ambitious project of Havana's new National Art Schools, commissioned by Fidel Castro and Che Guevara, in the context of the educational policy promoted immediately after the revolution. The architectural complex was to be built in the most exclusive upper-class Cuban district, the Country Club. The intention was to create a cultural center of extraordinary dimension, opened to the developing countries of three continents, just 90 miles from the symbol of American imperialism.
The "School of Music" and the "School of Ballet".
Garatti designed the School of Music and the School of Ballet as a complex of bricks, pottery, and Catalan vaulted structure that reflected the optimism and exuberance of the time. The schools wanted to reinvent the architecture, as the revolution was hoping to reinvent society.
Vittorio Garatti writes: ""We took care to invade as little as possible the golf. We located several schools on the outskirts of the park, closer to the upper-middle class houses arranged along that sort of ring that surrounds the golf course and that were designed as a accommodation for the students. At the center of the park existed the building of the club, with a large restaurant and a swimming pool, which was destined to common services (canteen, meeting, etc.).""
The construction of the complex was interrupted after the missile crisis, when the naval blockade imposed by the United States forced to a different assessment for economic and productive priorities.
The School of Arts' good consideration underwent on an ideological disgrace as a consequence of a different political and cultural mindset that considered the utopian architecture politically incorrect when compared to the Soviet building style that was acquiring dominance in the island. In 1965 the whole complex was abandoned, fell into ruins, and part of the materials were removed to be reused in other construction.
Other construction in Cuba.
In 1962 he realized the "Escuela Andre Voisin in Guines", while in 1966-67, with Sergio Baroni and Hugo d'Acosta, he designed the Cuban pavilion at the Expo 1967 in Montreal. Over the years 1968/70, with Max Vaquero, Eusebio Azcue, and urban planner Jean-Pierre Garnier, he supervised the development plan of the capital.
Back to Italy.
As a result of a changed cultural climate and ideological, Vittorio Garatti ended up being viewed with suspicion and went under arrest for twenty days, in June 1974 on charges of spying. In that same year he was forced to leave the country by force. He believes that his expulsion was the result of a conspiracy with the CIA that was trying to expel the foreign professionals who collaborated with the Cuban regime.
Garatti moved in Italy, where he practises as an architect.
Restoration projects for the "Escuelas Nacional de Arte".
The case of the unfinished project of the Escuelas began to emerge in 1999 with the publication, of the first edition of the book Revolution of Forms - Cuba's Forgotten Art Schools by John A. Loomis, architect and professor at the City College of New York. On 28 February 2003 the site was included on the Tentative List of World Heritage Sites by UNESCO, in the category of cultural heritage.
These events gained to the abandoned architectural complex a renewed interest: Loomis' book inspired the video-documentary Unfinished Spaces, produced and directed by Alysa Nahmias and Benjamin Murray. Fundraising initiatives have been proposed to help with the restoration and the preservation of the project.
In November 2012 international press announced a project of restoration and re-use of the Havana Escuelas Nacional de Arte complex put forward by Cuban ballet superstar Carlos Acosta. According to the BBC, Acosta planned "to create a new model of  school... that would be financially self-sustaining, run as a non-profit-making charity". According to the article, however, the project was stalled because of the opposition of Vittorio Garatti, who "is protesting that he has been sidelined. He has written to Cuba's Communist leaders claiming that Acosta wants to 'appropriate' and 'privatase' his building" (S. Rainsford, "Carlos Acosta's Cuban ballet school dream", BBC News, 18 November 2012).
The Vittorio Garatti's Committee.
The “Vittorio Garatti”’s Committee is a non-profit organization that aims to raise the funds for the renovation, the preservation and the finalization of three of the five schools that constitute the NATIONAL SCHOOLS OF ARTS of Cubanacan, La Habana (Cuba) and in the detail they are:

</doc>
<doc id="31073868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073868" title="Willy Wilson (baseball)">
Willy Wilson (baseball)

William Wilson (1884–1925) was a professional baseball pitcher. He appeared in one game in Major League Baseball in 1906 for the Washington Senators. He made his lone appearance on the last day of the season, October 3, pitching a seven-inning complete game against the Boston Americans and losing, 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="31073875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073875" title="Cyrtandra paliku">
Cyrtandra paliku

Cyrtandra paliku is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name cliffside cyrtandra. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known only from the island of Kauai. The plant was first discovered in 1993 and it was described to science as a new species in 2001. At the time it was discovered there was only one population containing 70 individuals; a 2006 count revealed only ten plants remaining. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 2010. Like other Hawaiian "Cyrtandra" it is called ha`iwale.
This plant grows only on Mount Namahana in the Makaleha Mountains on the island of Kauai. This rare plant is apparently limited to a specific type of habitat: windy, misty, north-facing basalt cliffs wet with seeping water. It is possible that it went unidentified as a new species for so long because researchers must climb steep rock cliffs to examine it. It grows alongside "Selaginella arbuscula" in the understory of "Metrosideros polymorpha" and "Dicranopteris linearis". The plant can be differentiated from other "Cyrtandra" in part by its shaggy coat of reddish brown hairs.

</doc>
<doc id="31073892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073892" title="Bruzio">
Bruzio

Bruzio olive oil is a Protected Designation of Origin (PDO) product, as of European regulation Reg. CEE 2081/92 and Reg. CE n.1065/97. 
Characteristics.
Bruzio Extra Virgin Olive Oil has a fruity taste and aroma. It is green with light yellowish highlights, and has max acidity of 0.8%.
Production.
Bruzio oil is extracted from wholesome olives, harvested in the Southern territories of the Province of Cosenza. Physical and mechanical processes that keep the original characteristics of the olives are used. After harvesting mature olives and pressing them, the wholesome olives are selected from all the olives harvested. These selected olives are then cleaned and defoiled, followed by them undergoing cleansing, milling, kneading and separation.
Preservation.
Bruzio oil has to be preserved in dry and cool places, and has to be kept away from heat sources. Temperature has to be kept under control between 14° and 20° Celsius, to keep unaltered its qualities for 36 or more months. Low temperatures can cause the oil to freeze; if that happens, the case of Bruzio oil will have to be heated back to room temperature, so as for it to be consumable once again.
Uses.
Bruzio olive oil goes perfectly with barbecued fish, boiled vegetables or traditional Calabrian dishes.

</doc>
<doc id="31073932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073932" title="2011 Kobalt Tools 400">
2011 Kobalt Tools 400

The 2011 Kobalt Tools 400 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race that was held on March 6, 2011 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway in Clark County, Nevada. Contested over 267 laps, it was the third race of the 2011 season. The race was won by Carl Edwards for the Roush Fenway Racing team. Tony Stewart finished second, and Juan Pablo Montoya clinched third.
Pole position driver Matt Kenseth maintained his lead on the first lap to begin the race, as Greg Biffle, who started in the fourth position on the grid, remained behind him. On the 8th lap, the first caution was given because Robby Gordon spun sideways. Following the second caution, Stewart became the leader, and increased his lead to 6.5 seconds by lap 95. Afterward, Stewart was given a penalty for speeding on pit road, giving the lead to Edwards. Edwards remained the leader to win for the second time at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.
There were seven cautions and 22 lead changes among 15 different drivers throughout the course of the race. It was Edwards' first win in the 2011 season, and the 20th of his career. The result moved Edwards up to the third position in the Drivers' Championship, seven points behind Stewart while being tied with Montoya. Ford maintained its lead in the Manufacturers' Championship, three points ahead of Chevrolet and five ahead of Toyota, with 33 races remaining in the season. A total of 152,000 people attended the race, while 10.1 million watched it on television.
Report.
Background.
The track, Las Vegas Motor Speedway, is one of ten intermediate tracks to hold NASCAR races. The race is scheduled to be held on the standard track at Las Vegas Motor Speedway; a four-turn D-shaped oval track that is long. The track's turns are banked at 20 degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, and the back stretch on the opposite side of the track are banked at nine degrees. The racetrack has seats for 142,000 spectators.
Before the race, Kyle Busch was leading the Drivers' Championship with 80 points, and Kurt Busch stood in second with 77 points. Tony Stewart and A. J. Allmendinger followed in third and fourth with 69 points, four ahead of Jeff Gordon and Mark Martin in fifth and sixth. Bobby Labonte with 64 had the same number of points as Ryan Newman and Juan Pablo Montoya. They were one point ahead of David Gilliland in tenth. In the Manufacturers' Championship, Ford, Toyota and Chevrolet were leading with twelve points, four points ahead of Dodge. Jimmie Johnson was the race's defending winner from 2010.
Practice and qualifying.
Two practice sessions were held in prepartation for the race; one on Friday and the other on Saturday. The first session lasted 90 minutes long, while the second was 75 minutes long. Matt Kenseth was quickest with a time of 28.939 seconds in the first session, 0.047 seconds faster than David Ragan. Montoya was just off Ragan's pace, followed by Carl Edwards, Greg Biffle, and Marcos Ambrose. Stewart was seventh, still within a second of Kenseth's time. Also in the first practice session, Jeff Gordon spun sideways after the fourth turn.
Forty-four cars were entered for qualifying, but only forty-three could qualify for the race because of NASCAR's qualifying procedure. Kenseth clinched the fifth pole position of his career, with a time of 28.589 seconds. He was joined on the front row of the grid by Ambrose. Edwards qualified third, Biffle took fourth, and Kyle Busch started fifth. Joey Logano, Allmendinger, Newman, Martin Truex, Jr. and Martin rounded out the top ten. The driver that failed to qualify for the race was Brian Keselowski. Once the qualifying session completed, Kenseth commented, "Qualifying is not my strong suit, but I knew we had a really fast car today when we did our last qualifying run practice. Honestly, this is the most nervous I've been before qualifying in probably five years at least, because I knew we had a shot at the pole, and I knew last week we really messed up. I didn't want to mess up a fast car today, so I was really happy with that."
In the second and final practice, Kenseth remained quickest with a time of 29.330 seconds. Kyle Busch followed in second, ahead of Newman and Edwards. Biffle was fifth quickest, with a time of 29.393 seconds. David Reutimann, Truex, Stewart, Logano, and Denny Hamlin rounded out the first ten positions. Ragan, who was second in the first session, could only manage 12th.
Race.
The race, the third in the season, began a 3:00 p.m. EST and was televised live in the United States on Fox. The conditions on the grid were dry before the race with the air temperature at . Las Vegas Motor Speedway Chaplain Joe Freiburger began pre-race ceremonies, by giving the invocation. Next, Kristen Hertzenberg, from Phantom-Las Vegas Spectacular, performed the national anthem, and Gray Abercrombie, Lowe's sports marketing manager, gave the command for drivers to start their engines. During the pace laps, Hamlin had to move to the rear of the grid because of changing his engine.
Kenseth retained his pole position lead into the first corner, followed by Biffle, who started fourth. Over the following two laps, Edwards fell to the fourth position, while Biffle passed Kenseth for the lead. After starting 16th on the grid, Trevor Bayne moved up to 11th by the fifth lap. On the following lap, Truex fell three positions to ninth. At lap eight, the first caution was given after Robby Gordon spun sideways. Most of the front runners pitted during the caution, while Jeff Gordon stayed out to become the leader. During the lap 12 restart, Jeff Gordon was the leader ahead of Stewart and Montoya. However, Stewart passed Gordon to become the leader on the next lap. Also on the same lap, Kenseth drove to pit road after having a flat tire. On the 14th lap, Stewart remained the leader, while Kurt Busch moved to the second position ahead of Jeff Gordon. Afterward, Andy Lally spun sideways, prompting the second caution. Few drivers pitted during the caution. At the lap 18 restart, Stewart was first, followed by Busch, Gordon, and Montoya. By the 20th lap, Reutimann, who started 25th on the grid, had moved up 18 positions.
By lap 24, Stewart maintained a 1.7 second lead over the second position, as Gordon fell to sixth. Stewart continued to increase his lead over the next ten laps, while Busch remained in the second position. On the 35th lap, Reutimann moved up to the sixth position. Seven laps later, Jamie McMurray and Brad Keselowski made contact with each other. On the following lap, Paul Menard moved up to 12th. At the 45th lap, Stewart had a 3.6 second lead over Busch, as Johnson fell to 23rd. On the next lap, Biffle claimed second away from Busch. During lap 49, green flag pit stops began with Kurt Busch and Reutimann. On lap 51, Gordon, Montoya, pitted, as Biffle became the leader. Once green flag pit stops concluded on lap 62, Stewart reclaimed the first position ahead of Kyle Busch. Two laps later, Biffle claimed moved up to the fourth position. On the next lap, Bill Elliott claimed the fifth position. Stewart increased his lead to 1.6 second ahead of second by the 67th lap. At lap 74, Gordon moved up into the tenth position after passing Logano. Four laps later, Kevin Harvick moved up to the 14th position. On lap 81, Harvick claimed the 13th position.
During lap 87, Gordon moved up to the tenth position. By the 95th lap, Stewart had increased his lead to 6.5 seconds over second place. On the next lap, the third caution was given after Kyle Busch collided into the wall because of a flat tire. Most of the frontrunners pitted during the caution. At the 101 restart, Stewart was the leader. On the following lap, Kurt Busch and Kahne spun sideways, prompting the fourth caution to be given. On the lap 106 restart, Stewart remained the leader ahead of Edwards and Biffle in second and third. On the 107th lap, Biffle passed Edwards for the second position. Afterward, Kyle Busch's engine failed, causing the fifth caution to come out. At lap 115, Stewart led Biffle on the restart. During lap 121, Edwards passed Biffle to claim second, as Stewart increased his lead. Ten laps later, Harvick moved up to the sixth position. On lap 138, Dale Earnhardt, Jr. claimed the seventh position, while Truex fell to sixth. Eleven laps later, the sixth caution was given because Gilliland collided into the wall after having a flat tire. During the caution, most of the teams pitted. Also on the same lap, Stewart and Harvick received a penalty after having speeding on pit road.
At the lap 156 restart, Edwards became the leader ahead of Truex. Edwards maintained the lead on the next lap, as Montoya moved up into third. By lap 159, Edwards had a 1.25 lead over Truex. Five laps later, Johnson passed Gordon for the ninth position. Edwards continued to increase his lead to 2.6 seconds by lap 171. After having a speed penalty, Stewart had moved up to 18th by the 178th lap. On lap 185, Clint Bowyer moved up to 16th, while Edwards increased his lead to 2.9 seconds. Nine laps later, the seventh was given after Gordon collided into the wall after having a flat tire. Most of the drivers pitted during the caution, as Stewart reclaimed the first position at the lap 202 restart. By the 214th lap, Stewart had a lead of 2.45 seconds. Four laps later, Menard moved up to the tenth position after passing Brian Vickers. On lap 220, Edwards passed Truex to claim third, as Stewart increased his lead to 3 seconds. Five laps later, Hamlin moved up to the seventh position. On lap 234, green flag pit stops began with Stewart and Montoya. Two laps later, Harvick and Johnson pitted, five laps before Edwards and Truex.
Once the green flag pit stops concluded, Edwards was the leader, 1.1 seconds ahead of Montoya. By the 250th lap, Edwards increased his lead to 1.6 seconds. On the following lap, Kurt Busch moved into the tenth position, as Newman moved up to fifth. With four laps remaining, Stewart passed Montoya for the second position. Edwards maintained the lead to win his first race of the 2011 season. Stewart finished second, ahead of Montoya in third and Ambrose in fourth. Newman clinched the fifth position, after starting eighth.
Post-race.
Edwards appeared in victory lane after his victory lap to start celebrating his first win of the season, in front of a crowd of 152,000 people. "These guys are unbelievable. It means a lot coming off Phoenix. I went home last week and didn’t know how things were going to go. You don’t get a good race car like that often. We had another one today," said Edwards of his triumph.
Although Stewart was leading the race near the end, Edwards passed him after the final pit stops. Stewart, who finished second, said, "I don't know what happened on the pit stop there, but we had a miscue and had a penalty and had to go to the back, and unfortunately it kind of dealt our cards for us. chief Darian Grubb made a good call getting us the track position back, but it also showed everybody else that they could do it, too, and we couldn't run two-and-a-half runs on a set of left-side tires." In the subsequent press conference, Kyle Busch stated his frustration from his accident, "On the restart there Lap 107, I was going to bide my time and try to get back through traffic with plenty of time to go, and 'kablooey' – it just broke." Doug Yates, the engine builder for Roush Fenway Racing, expressed his enjoyment of winning the race:
Stewart also commented, "It kills me to throw a race away like that, especially at a place we haven't won at yet. This was a big deal and when you lead that many laps and have a car that's that fast and you lose it ... I'm sure [Monday when the emotion dies down we'll look back and say it was a great weekend. But, man, it does not sit good right now." The race result moved Stewart into the first position in the Driver's Championship with 113 points, tied with Kurt Busch in second. Edwards, the winner of the race, and Montoya followed in third and fourth on 106, three points ahead of Newman in fifth. Ford maintained their lead in the Manufacturers' Championship with 21 points. Chevrolet and Toyota placed second and third with 18 and 16 points, while Dodge was fourth with 11. 10.1 million people watched the race on television.

</doc>
<doc id="31073964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073964" title="Pringi">
Pringi

Pringi may refer to several places in Estonia:

</doc>
<doc id="31073975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073975" title="2011 League of Ireland Cup">
2011 League of Ireland Cup

The 2011 League of Ireland Cup, also known as the 2011 EA Sports Cup, was the 38th season of the Irish football knockout competition.
The competition was won by Derry City who defeated Cork City in the final on 24 September 2011 in Turners Cross, Cork.
A total of 27 teams entered the 2011 competition. The 10 League of Ireland Premier Division and 11 League of Ireland First Division clubs were joined by 4 A Championship teams, as well as Ulster Senior League champions Cockhill Celtic and the Kerry League representative side. For the Preliminary, First and Second Rounds of the competition, all participating clubs were split into 4 regional pools with the further rounds of the competition having an open draw. Shamrock Rovers, Sligo Rovers, Bohemians and St. Patrick's Athletic all received automatic byes into the Second round of the competition due to each club's European football participation. The 2011 competition commenced with the Preliminary Round in March 2011.
Preliminary Round.
The draw for the Preliminary Round took place on 2 March 2011.
The Preliminary Round games were played on 14 March 2011.
First Round.
The draw for the First Round took place on 2 March 2011.
The First Round Games were played on 25 March, 28 March and 30 March 2011.
Second Round.
The draw for the Second Round took place on 30 March 2011.
The Second Round games were played on 25 April 2011.
Quarter-Finals.
The draw for the Quarter-Finals was made on 2 May 2011 on MNS on RTÉ Two.
The Quarter-Final games were played on 06/27/28 June 2011.
Semi−Finals.
The Semi-Final games were played on the 8/23 August 2011.
Final.
The final was played on Saturday 24 September 2011 in Turners Cross, Cork.

</doc>
<doc id="31073998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073998" title="Dragendorff">
Dragendorff

Dragendorff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31074012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074012" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres

The Men's 60 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 5–6 with the final being held on March 6 at 16:55 local time.
Results.
Heats.
First 4 in each heat and 4 best performers advanced to the Semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 2 in each heat and 2 best performers advanced to the Final.
Final.
The final was held at 16:55.

</doc>
<doc id="31074040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074040" title="Cyrtandra polyantha">
Cyrtandra polyantha

Cyrtandra polyantha is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common names Niu Valley cyrtandra. It is endemic to the Hawaii, where it is known only from the Koʻolau Mountains of Oahu. In 2007 there were only two populations containing a total of 46 mature plants, but one of the two populations is made up of a single individual. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 1994. Like other Hawaiian "Cyrtandra" it is called ha`iwale.
The plant grows in ridgetop forests in steep habitat that can only be accessed by rappelling down to the area. It is a shrub growing 1 to 3 meters tall. It bears white flowers in October and white, fleshy fruit by January. Little else is known about the life history of the plant. The habitat on these mountain slopes is degraded by a number of forces, including feral pigs and exotic plant species, especially pamakani haole ("Ageratina adenophora"). Other potential threats include rats, snails, slugs, and researchers and conservationists who inadvertently collect too many of the seeds. Many seeds have been collected and some seedlings grown in the nursery; a few of these have been planted in an enclosure and appear to be thriving.

</doc>
<doc id="31074055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074055" title="Chelsea F.C.–Leeds United A.F.C. rivalry">
Chelsea F.C.–Leeds United A.F.C. rivalry

The rivalry between Chelsea and Leeds United is a football rivalry between London-based club Chelsea and Yorkshire-based Leeds United. The rivalry first emerged in the 1960s after a series of fiercely contested and controversial matches, when the two clubs were frequently involved in the pursuit of domestic and European honours culminating in the 1970 FA Cup Final, which is regarded as one of the most physical matches in English football history.
The perceived contrast between the clubs also fuelled the rivalry, summed up as "Yorkshire grit versus flash Cockney". The rivalry between the clubs often spilled out onto the terraces: at the height of British football hooliganism in the 1970s and 1980s, Chelsea's Headhunters and Leeds' Service Crew were among the most notorious football firms and had numerous violent encounters with each other.
In the 2003 "Football Fans Census" Leeds named Chelsea as their second biggest rivalry, behind Manchester United. In the "Official Chelsea Biography" Leeds were cited as one of Chelsea's major rivalries. The enmity between the two sets of supporters continues to this day. It has been described as "one of English football's most fierce rivalries".
History.
Early years.
Chelsea were founded in 1905, Leeds United in 1919. Both teams flitted between the First and Second Divisions in their early years, and neither won a major trophy prior to World War II. The clubs first met in a competitive match in the Second Division on 10 December 1927; Leeds won 5–0. Leeds also won 3–2 in the return fixture at Stamford Bridge that season to clinch promotion back to Division One. In 1952 they contested a gruelling fifth round FA Cup tie which took three matches to produce a winner, Chelsea eventually prevailed 5–1 in a second replay at Villa Park. An aggregate crowd of almost 150,000 watched the three matches and such was the fearsome tackling on display, Chelsea had to make seven changes to their line-up for a subsequent match.
1960s.
It was in the 1960s that a significant rivalry first emerged between the clubs. Under the management of Don Revie Leeds became a force in English football for the first time, capped by winning the league title in 1969. Chelsea, too, had enjoyed a renaissance under Tommy Docherty and also challenged for honours in the 1960s. Over the next decade they would meet in numerous important, and fiercely contested, matches. Chelsea goalkeeper Peter Bonetti opined that the rivalry between the teams emerged because "Leeds had a name, a reputation as being dirty... We matched them in the physical side of things because we had our own players who were physical... We weren't unalike in the way we played." Tommy Baldwin said "There were a lot of scores being settled from previous games whenever we played them. It always just seemed to go mad, with everyone kicking each other." Norman Hunter said that he and Chelsea striker Peter Osgood shared a "tremendous rivalry". It was often rumoured that Osgood was top of the list in Jack Charlton's infamous "black book" of players he intended to exact revenge on, although Charlton himself stated that it was actually another, unnamed, Chelsea player. Johnny Giles recalled the "special sort of animosity" between the teams and his "previous" with Eddie McCreadie.
The rivalry was also fuelled by the traditional North-South divide in England, and by the clubs having markedly different images and philosophies. Chelsea were associated with the fashionable King's Road and celebrities like Raquel Welch and Steve McQueen. Leeds were perceived as a cynical, albeit talented, side with a style which some observers regarded as "dirty". Damien Blake of "When Saturday Comes" wrote that: "Chelsea were the Beatles (attractive, clean-cut, fashionable) to Leeds' Stones (surly, violent, sexy, going out with Marianne Faithfull)" According to John King: "Leeds were... portrayed as dour Yorkshiremen with a reputation for playing dirty... Chelsea, on the other hand, were the wide boys of London, dedicated followers of fashion. While Leeds were drinking tea and playing cards, Chelsea were out boozing and chasing girls when it came to games between the two, however, war was declared."
In 1964–65, Chelsea and Leeds had a three way tussle for the league title with Manchester United and met in a league match at Stamford Bridge in September 1964. The Yorkshire Evening Post's reporter observed that "'Never mind the ball' seemed to be the order of the day as scything, irresponsible tackles ruffled tempers". Bobby Collins "viciously" retaliated against Ron Harris and a McCreadie tackle on Giles saw Giles leave the field on a stretcher, reducing Leeds to ten men for the remainder of the match. In 1966 the teams met in an FA Cup fourth round tie, where a crowd of 57,000 saw Chelsea win 1–0 with a goal from Bobby Tambling, a game in which "the young Chelsea team withstood an almost continuous battering from Leeds."
The rivalry intensified when they met in the FA Cup again a year later, this time a semi-final at Villa Park, which Chelsea won 1–0. In a game with "frighteningly ruthless" tackling, Leeds goalkeeper Gary Sprake kicked Chelsea midfielder John Boyle in the face as they challenged for a high ball, a grudge which still remained when the teams met in the FA Cup final three years later. Further controversy came when Leeds had two late goals disallowed; a Terry Cooper strike was ruled out for offside, and a long range Peter Lorimer goal was disallowed because a free kick had been taken too quickly. Opinions on the offside decision were mixed, although Docherty conceded he would not have complained had the second goal been allowed to stand. Six months later Leeds gained revenge by beating managerless Chelsea (Docherty had resigned the previous day) 7–0 at Elland Road, their biggest ever win in the fixture.
1970s.
The clubs would meet six times during the 1969–70 season. Leeds won both league games, 2–0 at Elland Road and 5–2 at Stamford Bridge. The match at Elland Road on 20 September 1969 continued in the same vein as previous encounters. A "Yorkshire Post" journalist lamented the many "late and early tackles" and condemned the teams for playing "venomously". During the match Allan Clarke, Jack Charlton, David Webb, Peter Houseman, Ron Harris and Alan Birchenall all suffered injuries which ruled them out of subsequent matches. Chelsea gained a measure of revenge by knocking Leeds out of the League Cup after a replay. The teams also met in the 1970 FA Cup Final, the game which cemented the rivalry.
Chelsea and Leeds contested the FA Cup final at Wembley on 11 April 1970. Leeds were generally regarded as the better team on the day and led twice but a late Chelsea equaliser from Ian Hutchinson took the game to a replay, the first in an FA Cup final since 1912. The replay at Old Trafford attracted a UK television audience of 28 million, making it the sixth most-watched television broadcast in British history. It is regarded as one of the dirtiest football matches ever. Harris was detailed to mark Wembley Man of the Match Eddie Gray; a series of Harris fouls during the first half effectively immobilised the Scot. Elsewhere, Charlton kneed and headbutted Osgood, Hunter and Hutchinson traded punches, and Eddie McCreadie flattened Billy Bremner with a "kung fu" challenge. Bonetti was injured after being bundled into the net by Jones and limped through the rest of the match with a heavily bandaged knee.
Modern day referee David Elleray reviewed the match years later and concluded that he would have issued six red cards and twenty yellow cards. However, referee Eric Jennings only booked one player – Hutchinson – over the two games. Hugh McIlvanney wrote that "at times it appeared that Mr Jennings would give a free kick only on production of a death certificate". Mick Jones put Leeds ahead again, but Osgood equalised with 12 minutes remaining. Chelsea eventually prevailed 2–1 after extra time. Charlton was so angry at the loss that he left the pitch without collecting his runners-up medal. Charlton later said: "It wasn't the losing of the game, it was the losing of the game to "Chelsea", because there were never two more competitive sides when we played each other over a period of four or five years." The match has been cited as one of the greatest FA Cup finals.
The mutual animosity continued into the 1970s. Geoffrey Green of "The Times" reported that a hard-fought 0–0 draw at Stamford Bridge in December 1971 at times "more resembled some Mafia vendetta than football". A crowd of 51,000 (with a further 9,000 locked out) watched a 4–0 Chelsea win over Leeds in the opening match of the 1972–73 season. The match was "marred by a string of infringements"; Trevor Cherry, Chris Garland and Terry Yorath were all booked, and Leeds lost David Harvey and Mick Jones to injury. Crowd trouble and pitch invasions led Chelsea to erect wire fences around the terraces.
1980–present.
By the end of the 1970s both clubs were in decline and would spend many of the ensuing years in the Second Division. Chelsea were relegated in 1975 and again in 1979. Leeds were relegated in 1982, and would not regain their First Division status for the next eight years. No longer challenging for trophies (but frequently competing for promotion), the rivalry often continued off the pitch in the form of hooliganism. When the teams met in the Second Division in the 1982–83 season, their first match for four seasons, 153 Leeds and Chelsea hooligans were arrested after fighting broke out at Piccadilly Circus tube station on the London Underground, and another 60 were arrested at the match itself. In April 1984, when Chelsea beat Leeds 5–0 to clinch promotion to the First Division, Chelsea fans invaded the pitch several times, and Leeds fans smashed up the Stamford Bridge scoreboard. Clashes between rival fans resulted in 41 arrests. More recently, before a Chelsea-Leeds match in 2002 then-Leeds manager David O'Leary urged fans to behave after recent crowd trouble at other matches although stricter policing and the introduction of CCTV in grounds and all-seater stadia in the 1990s means that crowd trouble at matches is now generally rare.
Both clubs enjoyed another revival in the 1990s, which coincided with a series of "ill-tempered and highly-charged" clashes as "the mutual loathing that characterized these sides three decades ago... resurfaced". In an "X-rated" 0–0 draw in December 1997, eight players were booked and Leeds had two players – Gary Kelly and Alf-Inge Håland – sent off. Martin Lipton called the match "a throwback to the worst excesses of the Revie era when the likes of Chopper Harris kicked lumps out of Johnny Giles and Co." Another 0–0 draw in October 1998 resulted in 12 yellow cards and a red card for Chelsea's Frank Leboeuf. In a 2–0 Leeds win at Stamford Bridge in December 1999, Leeds' Lee Bowyer was booked a minute into the game and Leboeuf was again sent off. A bad tempered League Cup fourth round match in November 2001 – their first cup clash since 1970 – saw Chelsea win 2–0, with Eiður Guðjohnsen scoring a goal while Stephen McPhail was on the ground injured. Graeme Le Saux was later stretchered off after being hit in the face by Alan Smith.
The clubs have not met in the league since Leeds' relegation from the Premier League in the 2003–04 season. Their last meeting took place on 17 May 2004, with Chelsea winning 1–0. The animosity between the clubs has still been expressed in the hostility of Leeds fans to the club being taken over by former Chelsea owner and chairman Ken Bates, and to the appointment of former Chelsea captain Dennis Wise as manager in 2006, resulting in chants like "Get the Chelsea out of Leeds." Gus Poyet, another former Chelsea player who served as Wise's assistant at Leeds, later commented that "The fans didn't want us there because of the rivalry with Chelsea."
The two were drawn to play each other in the League Cup in December 2012 at Elland Road, which was the first competitive meeting between them in eight years. After a goal by Leeds striker Luciano Becchio which put the West Yorkshire side ahead in the first half, Chelsea responded by scoring five in the second half, with the final score being 5–1 to Chelsea. Due to police concerns over potential crowd trouble, Chelsea were only allocated 3000 tickets rather than the usual 5000. The match drew a gate of 33,816, Leeds' highest attendance for two years.
Notable matches.
Six months after the heated FA Cup semi-final at Villa Park, Leeds notched their biggest ever win over Chelsea. Chelsea entered the match in turmoil, their manager Tommy Docherty having resigned the day before. Albert Johanneson opened the scoring after five minutes and Leeds were 3–0 up within 14 minutes thanks to further goals from Jimmy Greenhoff and Jack Charlton. Peter Lorimer put Leeds 4–0 ahead by half-time. After the break, Eddie Gray beat Bonetti from outside the area, Marvin Hinton scored an own goal and Leeds captain Billy Bremner capped his man of the match performance by scoring the seventh himself.
In the Second Division, John Neal's high-flying Chelsea met mid-table Leeds, managed by Eddie Gray and fielding two survivors from the 1970 FA Cup Final, David Harvey and Peter Lorimer, knowing a win would secure promotion to the First Division for the first time since 1979. In Chelsea's first win over Leeds since 1972, winger Mickey Thomas put Chelsea ahead, Kerry Dixon scored a "perfect" hat-trick and Paul Canoville completed the win with a goal in stoppage time. At the end of the match Chelsea fans invaded the pitch, while Leeds fans trashed the scoreboard.
Chelsea and Leeds' first game against each other in eight years was in League Cup quarter finals in the 2012–13 season. Chelsea were in the Premier League at this time and Leeds were in the Championship. Chelsea ran out winners after going behind to a Luciano Becchio goal eight minutes before half time, however Juan Mata's goal one minute after half time set Chelsea on their way to the last four. Branislav Ivanovic, Victor Moses, Eden Hazard and Fernando Torres wrapped up victory for the blues.
Honours.
These are the major football honours won by Chelsea and Leeds United.
Player transfers.
There have been few direct player transfers between Chelsea and Leeds United. The first came in 1991, when left-back Tony Dorigo moved from Chelsea to Leeds for £1.3 million. Chelsea have never bought a senior player from Leeds, although they did controversially sign Leeds youth players Tom Taiwo and Michael Woods in 2006. Duncan McKenzie, Mickey Thomas, Vinnie Jones, Mikael Forssell, Terry Phelan, David Hopkin, David Rocastle, Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Tore André Flo have also played for both clubs. Additionally, three former Chelsea players have managed Leeds; George Graham, Terry Venables and Dennis Wise.

</doc>
<doc id="31074067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074067" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 1500 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 1500 metres

The Men's 1500 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 5–6 with the final being held on March 6 at 16:20 local time.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 in each heat and 3 best performers advance to the Final.
Final.
The final was held at 16:20.

</doc>
<doc id="31074072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074072" title="Louvel's sign">
Louvel's sign

Louvel's sign is a clinical sign found in patients with deep vein thrombosis. The sign is defined as pain in the distribution of the affected vein which occurs during coughing or sneezing (Valsalva maneuver), and which disppears when the vein is compressed proximally.

</doc>
<doc id="31074080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074080" title="Boom (Snoop Dogg song)">
Boom (Snoop Dogg song)

"Boom" is a song by West Coast rapper Snoop Dogg and serves as the second official single from his eleventh studio album "Doggumentary". The song features Grammy-winning artist T-Pain and was produced by Scott Storch. It was leaked on March 4, 2011, and officially released on March 8, 2011, along with the video, which was produced by Dylan Brown.
This song with T-Pain is featured on the soundtrack for the video game "Madden NFL 12".
Background.
Produced by Scott Storch, "Boom" contains an interpolation from the 1980s hit "Situation" by Yazoo.
Chart performance.
On March 19, 2011, "Boom" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 76 and on the Hot Digital Songs chart at number 53.

</doc>
<doc id="31074089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074089" title="Fresh Sounds from Middle America (vol 3)">
Fresh Sounds from Middle America (vol 3)

Fresh Sounds From Middle America (vol 3) was the third album released in the series of compilations featuring bands from the Midwest region of America. The mix of styles was about half punk rock and half alternative rock. The best known of the bands included are the Micronotz, the Pedal Jets and the Homestead Grays. This volume was presented by "Redline and KJHK".
General info.
The "Fresh Sounds" series was organized by Bill Rich, of Talk Talk magazine, as a way to promote regional bands nationally.
The previous two albums in the series were cassette only releases, released in 1981. This album was the first to be released as a vinyl LP and it was a more conventional compilation, with one track per band, whereas the previous two albums had multiple tracks from each band. Bill Rich chose to release this volume of the series on vinyl because he felt that unknown bands were given more legitimacy when their music was released on vinyl.
This was the only vinyl appearance for bands such as Von Bulows, Hundreds & Thousands, Brompton's Cocktail, and Near Death Experience.

</doc>
<doc id="31074122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074122" title="Top Chef Masters (season 3)">
Top Chef Masters (season 3)

The third season of the American reality competition show "Top Chef Masters" was announced on March 2, 2011. In addition to the announcement, it was announced that celebrity chef Curtis Stone would serve as the new host. Food critic and author Ruth Reichl also joined as a new series judge. The season premiered on April 6, 2011 with 12 award-winning chefs competing against each other in weekly challenges. Unlike previous seasons, the chefs were not judged on a five-star rating system, but in elimination-style challenges similar to the format of the original "Top Chef" series.
Master Contestants.
12 chefs competed in this season of "Top Chef Masters". In the order eliminated:
Episodes.
In each episode, the chefs compete to win money for their charity. The Elimination Round winners are awarded cash donations ($10,000) for their charities. Each episode consists of a Quickfire and an Elimination challenge. The Quickfire is a short, simple challenge that can vary from cooking, tasting or a food-related task (e.g., peeling a certain amount of apples to certain quality standard in a limited amount of time). The winner(s) of the Quickfire Challenge receive $5,000 for their charity. During the initial episodes of the season, the winner is usually guaranteed immunity from being sent home that week. The Elimination challenge is a more complex challenge which usually requires cooking a meal for many people with certain requirements. Unlike previous seasons of "Top Chef Masters", the dishes are no longer rated out of a possible five stars. The star scoring system is replaced with the elimination format of the original "Top Chef" series. Each week, one or more guest judges join the show to evaluate both the Quickfire and Elimination challenges. Each week's elimination is announced in a segment called the "Critics' Table." One or more contestants are eliminated in each episode until the finale where one chef is crowned Top Chef Master. The winning chef receives $100,000 for his or her designated charity.

</doc>
<doc id="31074124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074124" title="2011 Leinster Senior Cup">
2011 Leinster Senior Cup

The 2011 Leinster Football Association Senior Cup, also known as the 2011 Leinster Senior Cup, was the 110th staging of the Leinster Senior Cup association football competition.
43 teams entered the 2010–11 competition including the 11 Leinster based League of Ireland teams who entered the competition at the Fourth round stage. A further 16 Intermediate teams, 14 Junior teams and 2 A Championship sides entered the competition at the First round stage.
St.Patrick's Athletic won the competition after beating Dublin rivals Bohemians 2-0 at Dalymount Park to take the cup back to Inchicore.
Third round.
The draw for the third round took place on 20 January 2011.
Fourth round.
The draw for the Fourth round took place on 20 January 2011.
Bohemians advance to the Quarter-final stage following Sporting Fingal ceasing operations on 10 February 2011
Quarter-finals.
The draw for the quarter-finals took place on 16 March 2011.
Semi-Finals.
The Draw for the semi-finals took place on 11 July 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31074125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074125" title="4 All the Sistas Around da World">
4 All the Sistas Around da World

4 All the Sistas Around da World is the debut and sole studio album recorded by American R&B group Sista, released September 24, 1994 on Elektra Records.
Although the album received positive reviews from music critics, due to the first single not having much success on the charts the work was eventually shelved.
Release and reception.
Paul Clifford of Allmusic called the effort a "superb and extremely underrated album," noting the song "Feel of Your Lips" as the highlight.
Track listing.
All music by DeVante Swing and Timbaland except where noted.
Personnel.
Information taken from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="31074139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074139" title="2011 Taça da Liga Final">
2011 Taça da Liga Final

The 2011 Taça da Liga Final was the fourth final of the Taça da Liga tournament in Portugal, a competition involving the top 32 clubs in the Portuguese football league system, the Primeira Liga and the Liga de Honra teams. The final was played at the Estádio Cidade de Coimbra in Coimbra, on 23 April 2011. This was the first time that the final was played at this stadium since the past three editions were at Estádio Algarve in Faro. This was the third consecutive final for Sport Lisboa e Benfica and the first ever for Futebol Clube Paços de Ferreira. 
Background.
Benfica went into the match as the Taça da Liga title holder, having won the previous two finals, in 2009 and 2010, while this was the first ever Paços de Ferreira appearance in the decisive game. Both teams started at difference stages in the competition, Paços de Ferreira in the second round, as part of the six last teams from the previous Primeira Liga and two promoted teams from last year's Liga de Honra, Benfica started in the third round, comprising the faction of the top eight Primeira Liga teams from the last season. After overcoming Leixões in a two-legged fixture, following an away draw and a home victory, Paços de Ferreira topped Group C, composed by the two Minho rivals, Braga and Vitória de Guimarães, and Arouca. Benfica won Group B, which included Marítimo, Desportivo das Aves and Olhanense. The two teams won their respective groups with the perfect score of three victories out of three games. In the semi-finals, Benfica hosted and won over their main rivals, Sporting CP, with a late winner coming in the last moments of stoppage time, after being one goal down during the first half. Paços de Ferreira played at Nacional's stadium and won an entertaining match that ended in a 4–3 result, controlling the scoreline during much part of the second half due to an early two-goal advantage.

</doc>
<doc id="31074173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074173" title="Cyrtandra subumbellata">
Cyrtandra subumbellata

Cyrtandra subumbellata is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name parasol cyrtandra. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known only from the Koʻolau Mountains on the island of Oahu. By 2008 there were three known populations containing 110 plants, or possibly more. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 1996. Like other Hawaiian "Cyrtandra" it is called ha`iwale.
This plant grows in wet forests, often near streams. It is a shrub growing 2 to 3 meters tall and bearing white flowers.
The habitat is degraded by a number of forces, including exotic plant species such as Koster's curse ("Clidemia hirta"), feral pigs, and military activity. Rats and slugs may damage plants. Also, this species tends to hybridize easily with the other "Cyrtandra" in the forest, and there may actually be more hybrids than pure individuals of "C. subumbellata" in some areas. The phenomenon of genetic pollution may be a threat to the species, in this case. More populations of this plant may exist in dense or inaccessible areas of the forest which haven't been surveyed.

</doc>
<doc id="31074207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074207" title="Noah Worcester">
Noah Worcester

Noah Worcester (November 25, 1758 – October 31, 1837) was a Unitarian clergyman and a seminal figure in history of American pacifism.
Life.
Worcester was born in Hollis, New Hampshire, to a father of the same name, who had been one of the framers of the New Hampshire constitution. At age 16, he joined the militia as a fifer during the Revolutionary War, and was at the battle of Bunker Hill, where he narrowly escaped being taken prisoner. He was also at Bennington as a fife major.
In September 1778, he moved to Plymouth, New Hampshire, where he taught, and in February 1782, settled at Thornton, filling several local offices, and was chosen to the legislature. Having turned his attention to theology, he published a "Letter to the Rev. John Murray Concerning the Origin of Evil" (Newburyport, 1786), and was licensed to preach by a Congregational association in 1786. He became pastor of Thornton in 1787. In 1802 he was employed as Thorton's first missionary in the New Hampshire society then organized, and in that capacity preached and traveled extensively through the northern part of the state. In this period he commenced a prolific writing career, contributing numerous articles to theological and popular journals.
In 1810 he became a pastor in Salisbury, New Hampshire, where his ancestor William Worcester, an emigrant from Salisbury, England, had been the first minister. Three years later, in 1813 he accepted an invitation to edit the "The Christian Disciple", a Boston-based periodical founded by the eminent Unitarian minister William Ellery Channing and others, and moved to Brighton, Massachusetts.
Self-educated, he accustomed himself to rigorous mental discipline. Physically, Worcester presented the remarkable contrast of robust man "of uncommon strength", combined with unusual mildness of manner.
Worcester married twice. His first wife, Hannah Brown, died in 1797 after falling from a horse. The following year he married Hannah Huntington, of Norwich, Connecticut. He had four sons and six daughters by his first marriage.
His brother, Thomas (1768–1831), whose pulpit Noah had filled in Salisbury, was also a clergyman. Thomas wrote extensively on subjects related to Unitarianism and Trinitarianism. Another brother, Samuel (1770–1821), also a clergyman, was corresponding secretary of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions in 1810, and in 1815 engaged in the Unitarian controversy, his immediate opponent being William Ellery Channing.
Worcester was awarded an honorary arts degree by Dartmouth in 1791 and an honorary Doctor of Divinity by Harvard in 1818.
Peace Activism.
Although active in Unitarian theological controversies of the day, Worcester is best remembered as a pioneer in the American peace movement. In December 1814, he published "A Solemn Review of the Custom of War" (under the pen-name Philo Pacificus), still considered one of the best pieces of anti-war literature ever committed to print, and as relevant today as then.
In 1815, he founded the Massachusetts Peace Society, serving as its secretary
until 1828. From 1819 to 1828 he tirelessly edited "The Friend of Peace", a quarterly periodical of the Society, as well as wrote most of its content. In 1828, the Massachusetts Peace Society merged with the newly formed American Peace Society.
William Ellery Channing's eulogy for Worcester was published in 1837. Some measure of Worcester is gained by the following tribute by his friend and co-laborer Channing:
Publications.
He wrote:
He edited:
He contributed to "Theological Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="31074210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074210" title="Modica Group">
Modica Group

Modica Group is a New Zealand-based mobile software as a service and an internet service provider provider. It has operated as a private company since 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31074240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074240" title="Cyrtandra tintinnabula">
Cyrtandra tintinnabula

Cyrtandra tintinnabula is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name Laupahoehoe cyrtandra. It is endemic to the island of Hawaii, where it is known only from the slopes of Mauna Kea. As of 1996 there were only three occurrences containing fewer than 20 individuals total. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 1994. Like other Hawaiian "Cyrtandra" it is called ha`iwale.
This plant is a white-flowered shrub growing 1 to 2 meters tall. Its habitat is threatened by feral pigs and exotic plant species such as Koster's curse ("Clidemia hirta")

</doc>
<doc id="31074242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074242" title="Sabina (oil)">
Sabina (oil)

Sabina is a Protected Designation of Origin (PDO) that applies to the extra virgin olive oil produced in the Sabina region. This area approximately covers the territory originally occupied by the ancient Sabines tribe in the Province of Rome and the Province of Rieti. It is considered to be the first Italian PDO to gain the status, later being followed by Aprutino Pescarese, Brisighella, Collina di Brindisi and Canino.
Production area: Sabina.
The production area of the PDO extra virgin olive oil is mainly in two provinces, Rieti and Rome, and follows the borders of the ancient Sabine territory. Techniques used to produce the oil are almost the same as in pre-Roman times with necessary technological innovations. For the production of the extra virgin olive oil Sabina, the soil and the mild climate are of fundamental importance.
Municipalities in the Province of Rieti.
The following municipalities within the Province of Rieti are areas of production of Sabina: 
Cantalupo in Sabina, Casaprota, Casperia, Castelnuovo di Farfa, Collevecchio, Configni, Cottanello, Fara Sabina, Forano, Frasso Sabino, Magliano Sabina, Mompeo, Montasola, Montebuono, Monteleone Sabino, Montenero Sabino,
Montopoli in Sabina, Poggio Catino, Poggio Mirteto, Poggio Moiano, Poggio Nativo, Poggio San Lorenzo, Roccantica, Salisano, Scandriglia, Selci, Stimigliano, Tarano, Toffia, Torricella, Torri in Sabina, Vacone.
Municipalities in the Province of Rome.
In the Province of Rome:
Guidonia Montecelio, Fonte Nuova, Marcellina, Mentana, Monteflavio, Montelibretti, Monterotondo, Montorio Romano, Moricone, Nerola, Palombara Sabina, Sant'Angelo Romano, San Polo dei Cavalieri (località Caprareccia e territorio non oltre i 475 metri di altitudine), Roma (parzialmente il territorio del Nord-Est).
Cultivar and organoleptic traits.
Cultivar.
The characterizing cultivar are:
Organoleptic traits.
Organoleptic traits:

</doc>
<doc id="31074271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074271" title="Alexandra Audio">
Alexandra Audio

Alexandra Audio () is a Bulgarian dubbing studio. The company is based in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. The company was founded in 1999.
Alexandra Audio commissions voice over and synchronized versions of material for its clients. AXN commissions Alexandra Audio to make voice over versions of some material shown on it.

</doc>
<doc id="31074299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074299" title="Works by William Shatner">
Works by William Shatner

The following is a list of works by Canadian actor, recording artist and author, William Shatner.

</doc>
<doc id="31074334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074334" title="Whiteface (performance)">
Whiteface (performance)

Whiteface is a form of performance in which a person wears theatrical makeup in order to make themselves look like a white person, usually for comic purposes. The term is a reversal of the more common form of performance known as blackface, in which performers use makeup in order to make themselves look like a black person, for comic purposes. Whiteface performance originated in the 19th century, and today occasionally appears in cinema.
Definition.
The Oxford English Dictionary defines whiteface as "white or light-coloured make-up" worn "by a black actor playing a white character".
History.
The earliest use of the term noted by the "Oxford English Dictionary" is from the "New York Dramatic News" in 1895, and refers to the American vaudeville actor Lew Dockstader "in his new white-face act".
The "OED" also lists a 1947 reference to the black actor Canada Lee performing the role of Bosola in "The Duchess of Malfi" in whiteface.
In Jean Genet's 1958 play "The Blacks" members of an all black cast wear whiteface to portray white establishment figures.
The 1970 film "Watermelon Man" begins with Godfrey Cambridge playing a whiteface character, who then wakes up one morning to find himself black. Eddie Murphy performed in whiteface on "Saturday Night Live" in the 1980s, and appeared in whiteface for minor characters in the films "Coming to America" and "The Nutty Professor (1996 film)". Dave Chappelle employed whiteface on his show "Chappelle's Show" in the 2000s.
In the 1990s and 2000s, several films exploited the comic potential of black comedians donning whiteface. These performances include Lenny Henry in "True Identity", and Shawn and Marlon Wayans in "White Chicks".
In 2007, Chamillionaire does makeup for a character in the video for Hip Hop Police.

</doc>
<doc id="31074339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074339" title="Cyrtandra viridiflora">
Cyrtandra viridiflora

Cyrtandra viridiflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known only from the northern Koolau Mountains of Oahu. By 2003 there were nine small populations remaining, for a total of 69 plants. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 1996. Like other Hawaiian "Cyrtandra" it is called ha`iwale.
This plant is a shrub growing 0.5 to 2 meters tall with hairy leaves and green and white flowers. It grows in the cloud zone of the mountains in wet, windy habitat. This habitat is degraded by several forces, including feral pigs and exotic plant species such as Koster's curse ("Clidemia hirta") and strawberry guava ("Psidium cattleianum"). In conservation efforts, some plants have been fenced to protect them and many seeds have been collected.

</doc>
<doc id="31074350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074350" title="Şanţul Mare">
Şanţul Mare

Şanţul Mare ("The Big Ditch") is an important archaeological site located 9 km west of Pecica, Arad County, Romania (previously named Rovine), near the border with Semlac commune and 600 m from the Mureş River.
Multiple archaeological layers have been discovered, including the Bronze Age Pecica culture and a large Dacian town, most likely Ziridava.
"Șanțul Mare" is a mound located on the right bank of Mureş river, with an oval shape measuring 120 m in length and 60–70 m in width. The long axis of the mound has a north-east-west orientation, being parallel with the course of the river. The mound is part of a fluvial terrace, which was separated by a huge moat surrounding it on all sides, with the exception of the east-south-east side. There, a steep slope is separating it from the terrace through which the Mureş flows today. Because of this unique location, the mound is heavily fortified, but it is not yet known whether it was naturally separated from the rest of the terrace by an older arm of the river or this type of fortification was done by people, artificially.
History.
The earliest research at "Şanţul Mare" was done by J. Hampel and Fl. Romer in 1870 and proved the extraordinary importance of the tell. The amateur archaeologist Lazlo Dömötör continued with digs in 1898—1900, 1901 and 1902, and the majority of known Dacian artifacts came from these efforts (until new excavations started in 1960s). Most of these materials have remained unpublished and are kept in the Arad Museum Complex.
Since 1910 the site started to be researched by the archaeologist M. Roska. Being among the pioneers of scientific archeology, Roska, is the first that helped to clarify the chronological and cultural classification of the various horizons captured here. The excavations of 1910-1911, 1923 and 1924 identified a substantial dwelling of Middle Bronze Age, the Mureş culture (originally called Periam-Pecica). The reports reviewed only Bronze Age strata, but also that of the Middle Copper Age.
D. Popescu also probed the site in 1943, and after validating the chronological horizons identified by Roska, he drew attention to some remains of La Tène Period and Migration Period.
Despite finding Dacian materials, all previous campaigns focused on the Bronze Age. This triggered new major excavations in 1960s under the leadership of archaeologist Ion Horaţiu Crişan, together with E. Dörner. They highlighted the existence of an important Dacian settlement and of a cemetery from 11th-13th century.
Since 2005 the investigations were resumed at the site. The archaeological site Pecica - Şanţul Mare was the winner of a $ 250,000 grant obtained from the National Science Foundation (USA), following a project by Arad Museum Complex in partnership with Museum of Banat and University of Michigan (USA). The research objectives included deepening the dig to the sterile areas excavated in the previous campaign and further site study. The new excavations have identified the Dacian and Late Bronze Age layers, and charred remains of grains, animal bones and parts from a metal workshop have been recovered. Also, a detailed topographic map of the tell neighborhoods has been created. The team included: George Pascu Hurezan - Scientifical Lead (Arad Museum Complex), Florin Drașovean, Alexandru Szentmiklosi (Museum of Banat), John M. O'Shea, Sarah Sherwood (University of Michigan), Alex W. Barker (University of Missouri).
In 2008, new research objectives were proposed including deepening excavation to sterile areas excavated in the previous campaign, further site study and identifying residential structures from the Middle Bronze Age. The deepening continued within the same area (10 x 10 m) and the Middle Bronze Age layer was reached.

</doc>
<doc id="31074361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074361" title="Kashalot-class submarine">
Kashalot-class submarine

The Project 1910 "Kashalot" class submarine (NATO reporting name: Uniform) is a class of research and special operations submarine constructed by the Soviet Union during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Two boats of the class were constructed, "AS-13" and "AS-15", with the first boat of the class being laid down in 1977 and commissioned in 1986, the second being laid down in 1983 but not commissioned until 1991. A third class boat, "AS-12", reached the fitting-out stage before being cancelled in 1998.
Displacing 1,580 tons submerged, the "Kashalot" class was constructed using a single titanium hull design, and is powered by a nuclear reactor; they were the first Soviet nuclear-powered submarines to have a single hull. The boats each have a crew of 36 officers and men.

</doc>
<doc id="31074368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074368" title="Jørgensen's inequality">
Jørgensen's inequality

In the mathematical theory of Kleinian groups, Jørgensen's inequality is an inequality involving the traces of elements of a Kleinian group, proved by .
The inequality states that if "A" and "B" generate a non-elementary discrete subgroup of SL2(C), then 

</doc>
<doc id="31074406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074406" title="Rose's sign">
Rose's sign

Rose's sign is a clinical sign in which the skin of one leg feels warm and stiff when pinched. It can occur in people with deep vein thrombosis due to oedema in the affected leg.

</doc>
<doc id="31074424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074424" title="To Be Alone with You">
To Be Alone with You

"To Be Alone with You" is a song by Bob Dylan from his 1969 album "Nashville Skyline".
"To Be Alone with You" was the first song Dylan recorded for "Nashville Skyline", on February 13, 1969. It was one of four songs Dylan had written for the album before the recording sessions, the others being "Lay Lady Lay", "I Threw It All Away" and "One More Night". It was recorded in eight takes, during which Dylan increased the backing instrumentation to include multiple guitars in addition to a dobro, a piano and an organ.
Before the song starts, Dylan is heard asking his producer, Bob Johnston, "Is it rolling, Bob?" It is a simple love song, with lyrics that Allmusic's Thomas Ward compares to a nursery rhyme. Rather than the complex metaphors of earlier songs such as "Visions of Johanna", the imagery of "To Be Alone with You" invokes clichés such as "mockingbirds" and the "big fat moon." Ward considers this "one of Dylan's prettiest melodies" and notes that it "is coupled with a gorgeous, traditional country bridge (shifting to the V of the chord, then adding the II inversion) and a genuinely affecting, modest vocal." Andy Gill suggests that Dylan was influenced by Jerry Lee Lewis on this song. Gill suggests that both the arrangement and Dylan's delivery imitate Lewis' style, and that the final verse, which combines carnal and religious lyrics, is also in the style of Lewis' songs. Years after recording it, Dylan commented that "I was trying to grasp something that would lead me on to where I thought I should be, and it didn't go anywhere."
The bridge of the song begins with the line "They say that nighttime is the right time." Music critic Michael Gray notes that "Night Time Is the Right Time" is a blues lyric that may have been based on much older song and that it is surprising to find such a lyric in one of "Nashville Skyline's" country songs.
Dylan first played "To Be Alone with You" live in concert more than 20 years after it was written, on October 15, 1989 at the Tower Theater in Philadelphia on the Never Ending Tour. Since then, it has been played occasionally on the Never Ending Tour. In 1991 and 1992 it was frequently used to open the set. In the early 2000s it again became a frequent show opener, this time in a stirring rock and roll arrangement. Through 2010, Dylan had played it live 124 times, most recently on November 4, 2005.
Other recordings.
It has been subsequently recorded by Catherine Howe for her 1975 album "Harry", by Marshall Chapman for her 1982 album "Take It on Home", by Steve Gibbons for his 1992 album "On the Loose" and by Sue Foley on her 1995 album "Big City Blues".

</doc>
<doc id="31074426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074426" title="Tapjoy">
Tapjoy

Tapjoy is a monetization and distribution services provider for mobile applications. Its business model allows players to install an application in place of making an in-game payment. The foregone payment is borne by the maker of the other application, who benefits, for example, through improved rankings in virtual marketplaces such as Apple's App Store.
Tapjoy has also produced mobile games including TapDefense, TapOut, and Coloroid. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31074444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074444" title="Solunar theory">
Solunar theory

The solunar theory is a hypothesis that animals and fishes move according to the location of the moon in comparison to their bodies. The theory was laid out in 1926 by John Alden Knight, but was said to be used by hunters and fishermen long before the time it was published.
History.
In May 1926, John Aldenn Knight put together some fishing folklore and other fishing factors such as the sun and the moon, hence the name Solunar (Sol for sun and Lunar for moon) to form a theory on the patterns of animal movement. Knight compiled a list of factors which control or influence the day-to-day behavior of many freshwater and saltwater fish. Each one of the 33 different factors were considered. All but 3 were rejected. The three factors retained were the sun, the moon and the tide. For salt water fishing, tides have long been known as a factor which control fishes' behavior. As Knight's research progressed, he found that rather than just tides themselves, the relationship of the moon and sun's positions relative to each other may be the determining factor. In addition to the time of moon up (moonrise) - moon down, his research determined that there were intermediate times of the day that occurred in between the two major periods. From that he establishes that there were major periods (moon up - moon down) and minor periods. Knight published the first Solunar table in 1936.
Tables.
Solunar tables are tables that fishermen and hunters use to determine the best days of the month and times of the day for catching fish and hunting game. For fishermen, the tides, sunrise and sunset are helpful times of the day to know when the fish are going to bite. For hunters, the tides are not a factor. Hunters use the sun and the moon to determine when the game will be moving the most."Other conditions not being unfavorable, fish will feed, animals will move about, birds will sing and fly from place to place, in fact, all living things will become more active, more alive, during Solunar periods than at other times of apparent equal value. ...anglers have found that it is a guide to the best fishing of each day, and the quality of their sport has improved..." Using these tables, a fishermen and a hunter can tell when the moon is directly underfoot and overhead. The strongest activity occurs when there is a full moon or a new moon and is weakest when there is a quarter moon and a three quarter moon. This is because the moon and the sun's gravitation force is strongest when directly above or directly below our head. The lunar data humans receive is better now because of the newer technology the US Naval Observatory and GPS technology. This new technology has allowed the Solunar Theory to generate hunting and fishing times with much greater precision.It is important to note that data in tables found on various websites should be reverified periodically with US Naval Observatory available data as well as compared against other reputable solunar data providers. Inconsistencies abound due to the complex nature of the Astrophysics computations and overlooked associated anomalies checking that are required to produce useful results. Moon Transits which do not occur for more than a day or associated times being off more than a few minutes are indications of a fundamental issue for a given position and should be suspect. All data providers should be verified before assuming data presented is authoritative or accurate. 

</doc>
<doc id="31074453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074453" title="Brand New (Sista song)">
Brand New (Sista song)

"Brand New" is a song by American R&B group Sista. The song was released as the only promotional single for the group's 1993 album "4 All the Sistas Around da World", which was eventually shelved after the single's release.
Release and reception.
The song peaked at eighty-four on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.
Personnel.
Information taken from Discogs.

</doc>
<doc id="31074468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074468" title="Yo... el aventurero">
Yo... el aventurero

Yo... el aventurero () is a 1959 Mexican ranchera-comedy film directed by Jaime Salvador and starring Antonio Aguilar, Rosa de Castilla, Ángel Infante, Amalia Mendoza, Andrés Soler, and Domingo Soler. The film was shot in Mexiscope, a lens similar to CinemaScope, and it one of the rare color films of the late 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="31074471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074471" title="Renegade (Charlie Daniels album)">
Renegade (Charlie Daniels album)

Renegade is a studio album by American country music artist Charlie Daniels. It was released in 1991 via Epic Records. The album peaked at number 25 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31074476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074476" title="Ara Wilson">
Ara Wilson

"The Intimate Economies of Bangkok".
Methods of Research.
Ara Wilson's Methods for Developing the Intimate Economies of Bangkok
Wilson got most of her research for "The Intimate Economies of Bangkok: Tomboys, Tycoons, and Avon Ladies in the Global City" from the two years field work she spent in Bangkok from Dec 1992 – Jan 1994, as well as from many of her visits ranging from 1988-2000. During this time, she worked part-time in a telecommunications marketing office, which gave her access to social scenes and "participant observations." Like any other ethnographer, Wilson conducted most of her fieldwork alone, relying mostly on informal interviews and day-to-day conversations. Her interviewees were usually ages 20–25, many of Chinese descent, with economic standings ranging from minor royalty to peasants.
Living at the edge of Bangkok's Chinatown, Wilson observed Sino-Thai business families, major market areas of the city, the prostitution industry, and the class/gender/sexual dimensions of professional identities in transnational corporations. She gathered information primarily on key intersections of social identity and relationships, by focusing on the behavior of architecture, material objects, primary texts, secondary texts, and especially business press. Specific commercial sites included shophouses, retail stores like the Central Department Store, the tourist sex trade of the go-go bars, the popular downtown shopping mall MBK, a telecommunications marketing office, and direct sales such as Amway and Avon.
Works, Publications.
BOOKS IN PROGRESS
BOOKS
ARTICLES AND ESSAYS IN PROCESS AND UNDER REVIEW
ARTICLES AND ESSAYS
REVIEWS, ENCYCLOPEDIA ENTRIES, AND PROFESSIONAL PUBLICATIONS
WORLD WIDE WEB

</doc>
<doc id="31074480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074480" title="Globe Pequot Press">
Globe Pequot Press

Globe Pequot is a book publisher and distributor of outdoor recreation and leisure titles that publishes 500 new titles. Globe Pequot is a division of Morris Communications.
Imprints.
Globe Pequot publishes several imprints including; Lyons Press, FalconGuides, skirt!, Knack, Insiders' Guide, Footprint Books, and Popout Products.

</doc>
<doc id="31074500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074500" title="Double Ditch">
Double Ditch

Double Ditch, also known as the Double Ditch State Historic Site, Burgois Site, 32BL8, Bourgois Site, and Double Ditch Earth Lodge Village Site, is an archaeological site located along the Missouri River north of Bismarck, North Dakota, United States. It earns its name from the two visible earth mounds that outline the site, but archaeological survey found that there are four ditches total.
The site was the location of a Mandan Native American earth lodge village from approximately 1490 A.D. to 1785 A.D. The village is estimated to have had a population of 10,000 or more persons. Archaeological survey of the site using radio gradiometry techniques revealed two additional ditches that were constructed in the late 1400s and is now considered one of the oldest prehistoric settlements in the area. It was abandoned after the 1775–1782 North American smallpox epidemic. After the epidemic, the Mandan tribe banded together with the Hidatsa and created Like-a-Fishhook Village in 1845.The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979; the listing included . The site includes remains of earth lodges, midden mounds, and fortification ditches. It is managed by the State Historical Society of North Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="31074507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074507" title="Mountain Man (music group)">
Mountain Man (music group)

Mountain Man (music group) is an American singing trio of young women described as indie folk rock with a traditional Appalachian-type folk sound. They are notable for earning critical acclaim from numerous music critics. They often sing a cappella, with a "sparse, haunting, hymnal beauty" sometimes accompanied by soft acoustic guitar, but with their voices "virtually unadorned", according to "Guardian" critic Paul Lester. The group has been touring with the vocalist Feist, and "New York Times" music reviewer Ben Ratliff described their performance as creating shifting harmonies which worked perfectly to complement Feist's vocal delivery.
Early years.
The three members of the group are Molly Erin Sarle, Alexandra Sauser-Monnig and Amelia Randall Meath. They met as students at Bennington College in Vermont and began singing seriously together in 2009. Two come from "singing families" and one got experience singing in a church choir. They were influenced in part by Bulgarian women's choir music, as well as artists such as Celine Dion. According to one report, they would sit on the porch of a shared house in Bennington and harmonize on songs they had written; when they sung as a trio, they realized it was "something special". Self-released recordings were picked up by influential blogs such as "Pitchfork" in late 2009, and they got a record deal with the label "Partisan" and others. They've been compared to the musical group The Roches. Amelia Randall Meath is the daughter of television producer and professional Santa Claus Jonathan Meath.
Touring.
While they make decisions as a group, often they divide responsibilities, with Amelia often assuming the "manager role", Molly handling finances, and Alex deciding matters about sound quality in recordings, according to the group in an interview on "NPR". They toured the country after graduating from college by riding in a now-defunct car which they named "Delores". Their first album is entitled "Made the Harbor" on the label Partisan Records (North America), Bella Union (Europe), Spunk (Australia), and P-Vine (Japan). They toured with the music group The Decemberists and with Jonsi. They toured in Europe. One of their folk harmony songs was converted into electropop by multi-instrumentalist Paul Duncan of "Warm Ghost". In addition, Meath and Sarle contribute their vocal talents to the indie music group BOBBY.
Reviews.
"Washington Post" music critic David Malitz described their voices as "nectar-sweet" which was almost "jarring in its simplicity" with no distractions from the trio's voices. "New York Times" music critic Nate Chinen described their sound as "sparse, bewitching twist on Appalachian music" with a feeling of "willful, collective intuition." Their music sounds as if it's "being sung by ghosts", "spectral and spooky", when they echo "folk songs about the forest" as well as "the bedroom"."National Public Radio" gave a similar account and described their music as weaving "voices into a stark, reverent and unadorned sound that can be hauntingly beautiful."
Other reactions include:

</doc>
<doc id="31074525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074525" title="Google Street View in Asia">
Google Street View in Asia

In Asia, Google Street View is available in Hong Kong, Macau, India, Israel, Japan, Malaysia, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand. It is also available for a few select tourist attractions in the People's Republic of China.
Service in Japan was introduced on August 4, 2008. Japan's coverage is concentrated in five areas with a total of 10 camera icons. The service has faced criticisms from bloggers in Japan of cultural insensitivity.
Google Street View camera cars were spotted in the streets of Singapore in December 2008 and January 2009; and were launched on December 2, 2009. Certain features like Bayfront Avenue, Lorong Danau, Jalan Sungei Poyan, Resorts World Sentosa and latest updated info such as Circle Line are not available, but Google Maps have revamped its satellite imagery, into 2009 – 2010 imaging. Google Street View later decided to re-shoot in Singapore, beginning with Singapore F1 Race on November 2011.
In early 2009, camera cars with the Google Street View labels were spotted in Hong Kong's streets. On August 18, 2009, Taipei, Taiwan was added. On October 7, and December 2, 2009, more locations in Japan were added. On January 21, 2010, more Taiwan locations are added. At the same time, more Japanese locations are added. Unusually, while Street View images are, at present, primarily collected during daylight hours, a number of Taipei streets were imaged at night.
On March 11, 2010, Google Street View for Hong Kong, Macau, and more locations in Japan were launched.
On December 8, 2010, Google updated some of Japan's imagery with HD photographs.
On May 26, 2011, Google announced that, in India, capturing of Street View images in Bangalore, the capital of the state of Karnataka, had started. However, Google Street View was banned from Bangalore on June 20, 2011.
On September 2, 2011, Google has revealed that its Street View feature will be introduced to the country in association with the Tourism Authority of Thailand.
On September 3, 2011, Google started to collaborate with Tourism Malaysia to record Malaysian locations to be featured on its Google Map Street View.
On January 24, 2012, Google Street View was launched in South Korea starting with imagery from the country's capital, Seoul, as well as South Korea's second largest city, Busan.
On March 21, 2012, Thailand became available on Street View.
On April 3, 2012, Google Street View updated Singapore's street view at its headquarters (Asia Square @ Marina View). Staff members can be spotted in rainbow color holding different Google logos.
On April 19, 2012, Israel became available on Street View.
Timeline of introductions.
Note: Bold indicates locations available in newer high quality view, and italic bold indicates locations partially available in high quality view.
Controversy.
Like in other places, there has been controversy surrounding plans to bring Street View to various Asian countries.
In Israel, there have been concerns that introducing the service could increase the risk of terrorism to which the region is prone.
Google had to reshoot all images in Japan because the camera cars that took the original photographs were originally too high, leading to privacy concerns. Japanese houses are generally built quite close to the road. Roads are also narrow, often without pavements. Such factors led to privacy concerns with the original photographs.
Police in South Korea raided offices in that country in order to determine if Street View was legal.

</doc>
<doc id="31074541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074541" title="Do You Feel Like Breaking Up?">
Do You Feel Like Breaking Up?

Do You Feel Like Breaking Up? is a 2010 EP released by Mark Mallman on October 10, 2010 through his Bandcamp page.

</doc>
<doc id="31074558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074558" title="New Quebec City Amphitheatre">
New Quebec City Amphitheatre

The New Quebec City Amphitheatre, also known as the Quebecor Arena (or New Colisée), is a new multi-use indoor arena in Quebec City, Quebec that is currently under construction. It will mainly be used for ice hockey, and other indoor sports, as well as music concerts. It is due to open in 2015 and will have a capacity of 18,482 spectators. It is being built with the view of a relocated or expansion NHL franchise is put in Quebec City, though it is being funded regardless if one comes. It is also hoped that the arena can help Quebec City win a future Winter Olympic Games bid. It is being built next to Colisée Pepsi, the current main arena in Quebec City. Current plans call for the Colisée to be maintained as a secondary venue following completion of the new building.
A groundbreaking ceremony for the new arena was held on September 3, 2012, attended by then-Quebecor Chairman Pierre-Karl Péladeau, then-Premier of Quebec Jean Charest, and former Quebec Nordiques players Michel Goulet, Peter Stastny and Alain Côté. Arena construction began on September 10, 2012.
Design.
The arena will be comparable in size to the Consol Energy Center, the home arena of the Pittsburgh Penguins, and will occupy approximately 64,000 square metres of space, down from the originally proposed 70,000 square metres. A television studio, valued at between C$30 million and C$40 million, will be constructed within the arena.
Funding.
The arena will cost $400 million, and will be funded 50% by the city and 50% by the province. On March 1, 2011 Quebecor purchased the naming rights and management of the arena. The amount they will pay will depend whether an NHL team moves in, and is expected to be between $33 million and $63 million up front, plus between $3.15 million and $5 million in annual rent. This arrangement was made without public tender, for which the provincial government provided legal immunity.

</doc>
<doc id="31074559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074559" title="Talkin' 'Bout Men">
Talkin' 'Bout Men

"Talkin' 'Bout Men" is a studio album by American country music group The Forester Sisters. It was released in 1991 via Warner Bros. Records. The album peaked at number 16 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. Its title comes from the song "Men", which peaked at number 8 on the country singles charts.

</doc>
<doc id="31074567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074567" title="Troels Jørgensen">
Troels Jørgensen

Troels Jørgensen is a mathematician at Columbia University working on hyperbolic geometry and complex analysis, who proved Jørgensen's inequality. He wrote his thesis in 1970 at the University of Copenhagen under Werner Fenchel and Bent Fuglede.

</doc>
<doc id="31074583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074583" title="Kamal Karunanayake">
Kamal Karunanayake

Professor Kamal Karunanayake former MP servrving as a People's Alliance National List MP from 1989 to 1994.
After obtaining a BA (Hons) degree in Economics from the Peradeniya University in 1962 he received a doctorate from the Birmingham University in England in 1969. He retired as the Professor of Economics and the Director of the Centre for Development Studies of the University of Kelaniya in 2002.
Since November 2006, he has been serving as the Senior Presidential Advisor in Economics making a great contribution in the formulation of the Mahinda Chintana policy.
He was Professor of Economics by profession & was educated at Nalanda College Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="31074603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074603" title="Théâtre de Paris">
Théâtre de Paris

The Théâtre de Paris is a theatre located at 15, rue Blanche in the 9th arrondissement of Paris. It includes a second smaller venue, called the Petit Théâtre de Paris.
History.
The first theatre on the site was built by the Duke of Richelieu in 1730. Baron Ogny bought it in 1779 and renamed it Folie-Richelieu. Then during the First Empire It was directed by Fortunée Hamelin, a celebrated member of the "Merveilleuses" ('marvelous women') of the Directoire era.
In 1811, the Folie-Richelieu was transformed into a park, then demolished completely in 1851 in the redevelopment under Baron Haussmann to make way for the church of Sainte-Trinité de Paris with part of the site becoming a roller skating rink. In 1880, part of the rink, thanks to the architects Aimé Sauffroy and Ferdinand Grémailly, became the Palace Théâtre and, after a further restoration in 1891 by Édouard Niermans, the Casino de Paris. After that, the rest of the rink, near the present rue Blanche, was demolished to make way for the Nouveau-Théâtre. 
The first director of the Nouveau-Théâtre, actor and stage director Lugné-Poe, an associate of André Antoine, introduced the Norwegian Henrik Ibsen and the Swedish August Strindberg to Parisian audiences, before leaving to found the Théâtre de l'Œuvre in 1893.
In 1906, the actress Gabrielle Réjane bought the theater, renovated it and gave it a new name, the Théâtre Réjane. She produced among other works the French premiere of "L'oiseau bleu" by Maurice Maeterlinck in 1911 and successfully played her signature role of "Madame Sans-Gêne" by Victorien Sardou at the theatre.
The producer Léon Volterra bought the hall in 1918, and on 12 August 1919, he inaugurated the Théâtre de Paris. (Réjane having stipulated in the contract that the theater could not retains her name.) Volterra run the theatre until 1948, when it was taken over by Marcel Karsenty and the comedian Pierre Dux. The actress and director Elvira Popescu took over in 1955 along with Hubert de Mallet, managing it for ten years, before she left to go to the Théâtre Marigny.
Under Alain de Leseleuc (1965–1975) and Robert Hossein (1975–1990) the theatre specialized in musical works, particularly Offenbach opérettes and opéras-bouffes, such as "La Périchole" directed by Maurice Lehmann, "La belle Hélène" directed by Jérôme Savary, and "Le pont des soupirs" directed by Jean-Michel Ribes. It also produced musicals like "Starmania" and "Cats".
Since January 2002, Stéphane Hillel has been artistic director of both theatres.
Petit Théâtre de Paris.
Elvira Popescu created a second venue with 300 seats, converted from costume workshops, which she first called the Théâtre Moderne before renaming it the Petit Théâtre de Paris. This second theatre is still functioning.

</doc>
<doc id="31074627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074627" title="Weerasinghe de Silva">
Weerasinghe de Silva

Weerasinghe de Silva is a Sri Lankan politician and a former MP representing the seat of Balapitiya.
Then he entered the Law College and passed out as a senior Counsellor.
In 1970, he contested the General Election under United Front and entered Parliament winning the seat of Balapitiya.
He was educated at Nalanda College Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="31074647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074647" title="Stephen Beech Cleveland House">
Stephen Beech Cleveland House

The Stephen Beech Cleveland House, also known as The Lodge, is a historic house in Suggsville, Clarke County, Alabama. The one story wood-frame house was completed in 1860 by Stephen Beech Cleveland. It features a wrap-around porch on the front and one side. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 28, 1999, due to its architectural significance. 

</doc>
<doc id="31074664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074664" title="Ethnic theme park">
Ethnic theme park

Ethnic theme parks are theme parks based on demonstrating the traditions and cultures of a multitude of ethnic groups. In China, Windows Around the World and Happy Valley Beijing are two examples of these parks which, due to their unique potpourris of heritages, attract tourists worldwide. The ethnic theme parks are advertised as a way to glimpse into different areas around the world in one easy visit. 
The layout allocates a separate “village” to each ethnic group, allowing tourists and other visitors to absorb the individuality they portray. Heritage and history are simulated through elaborate costumes and roles. Visitors also have an opportunity to participate in some of the cultural practices of various ethnic groups and to engage in a question and answer based discussion.
The precise infrastructure of each park is different, but each aims to provide a display case for as many cultural identities as possible. At "Windows Around the World", for example, national heritage is classified into three categories: primitive song and dance, professional modifications, and further creative modifications.
Controversy.
A debate over authenticity has been sparked in light of the fact that several employees represent nationalities separate from their own individual heritages. The Wa people, for instance, play the roles of African ethnic groups, while Native Americans are portrayed by ethnic Mongolians.
Disputes also linger over the degree to which governments and corporations seek to mask and embellish what they wish within the walls of the park. According to Thomas Mullaney, a Stanford University historian, these parks are highly politicized venues which seek to shape the popular view of China as a multiethnic state.

</doc>
<doc id="31074668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074668" title="SC Teutonia Berlin">
SC Teutonia Berlin

SC Teutonia Berlin was a German association football club from the city of Berlin. Established in 1899, the club was lost in 1944 in the late stages of World War II.
The team first came to note following a merger with "Berliner Sport Club Hansa 01" which was followed by its participation in the Märkische Meisterschaft, one of several first division circuits active in the city early in the 20th century. "Teutonia" earned consecutive seventh place finishes over two seasons in 1908-10 before being relegated. In 1913, the club merged with "VfV Berlin" to play as "VfV Teutonia 1899 Berlin".
In June 1933, "VfV Teutonia" was joined by "Berliner FC Alliance-Colombia 08" (established 29 December 1908) in a short-lived merger as "VfV Teutonia-Colombia 1899 Berlin". "Alliance-Colombia" was the product of the earlier 15 August 1928 union of "SC Alliance 06 Berlin" and "Berliner FC Colombia 08". Many of the former members of "Alliance-Colombia" immediately left "VfV" in July 1933 to form "Berliner FC Britannia". This was the start of a thread that over the course of six decades would see the tradition of that club become part of present-day side "Weddinger FC Corso 99/Vineta". Their departure left "VfV 1899 Berlin" which was active from 1934 until lost in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="31074682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074682" title="Joachim Boldt">
Joachim Boldt

Joachim Boldt (born September 29, 1954) is a German anesthesiologist who used to be considered a leading researcher into colloids. He has been stripped of his professorship and is under criminal investigation for possible forgery of up to 90 research studies.
Drug research fraud scandal.
The editors of sixteen different scientific journals, including "Anesthesia & Analgesia", "Anaesthesia", the "European Journal of Anaesthesiology" and the "British Journal of Anaesthesia", allege that 89 of 102 studies published by Boldt contained research that lacked proper institutional review board approval.
On November 10, 2010, Boldt was suspended from Klinikum Ludwigshafen, a hospital in Germany, for a scientific publication in "Anesthesia & Analgesia" that lacked sufficient background research. His field of research, and the publications, are related to hydroxyethyl starch (HES). Some ninety studies he published are currently being reviewed.
In February 2011, Boldt was stripped of his title of professor at the University of Giessen for failing to teach, and the university is investigating possible charges of scientific misconduct. His case was described at the time as "possibly the biggest medical research scandal since Andrew Wakefield was struck off last year for falsely claiming to have proved a link between the MMR vaccine and autism."
In August 2012 the hospital in Ludwigshafen released the results of their investigation, determining that while no patients were harmed, "in a large number of the studies investigated, the conduct of research failed to meet required standards. False data were published in at least 10 of the 91 articles examined, including, for instance, data on patient numbers/ study groups as well as data on the timing of measurements." 
On February 20, 2013 JAMA published a metaanalysis on HES in critically ill patients (Zachyranski R et al.) The Analysis included 7 studies of Boldt from the 1990s, that had not been retracted yet. Including them, there was no increase in mortality; excluding them, there was a significant increase in mortality. Only the Boldt studies showed an improvement with HES; all other studies showed the opposite. It is believed that his fraudulent studies put critically ill patients at risk and caused harm. See also press release: Zachyranski and Companion Editorial. An overview of the challenges for metaanalysts presented by the fraud has recently been published. This includes double publication of studies, manipulating demographic and outcome data to conceal double publication and get more favorable results for a tested drug.

</doc>
<doc id="31074687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074687" title="Peace Iced Tea">
Peace Iced Tea

Peace Iced Tea (often labeled Peace Tea) is a brand of assorted iced tea beverages produced by the Monster Beverage Corporation. The product launched on 21 December 2009. Peace Tea contains no artificial flavors or coloring, although it does contain an artificial sweetener, sucralose. The only flavor not to include sucralose was the Unsweetened Tea (also branded as High Tea), but it was discontinued in early 2012. Peace tea is served in 23 oz cans, and is distributed across the United States.
Peace Tea is also an avid competitor of Arizona brand of iced teas in the ready-to-drink beverage category, as well as drinks from Snapple, Coca-Cola and Pepsi.
The Peace Symbol Inspiration.
The Peace Symbol is a universal symbol for peace which was the very inspiration behind the creation of Peace Tea. "Peace Tea is whatever you want it to be," says the brand's official Web site, which is festooned with peace signs. Peace Tea "stands for social obligation, social awareness, benevolence, compassion and soul. It can, in the form of a mere liquid, be your own form of poetry, art, music, philosophy, belief system."
Label art.
The company has taken it upon themselves to promote their products as a form of artwork as to move away from the commercial use of the peace symbol, though the Monster logo can be found in each design.
The Peace Tea can designs were created by Steve Jugan (Peace Tea Brand Manager) and artist John Malloy in homage to the different peace movements throughout history. Mr. Malloy is a mixed-media artist who began drawing at a very young age. He later earned a background in old master's style painting and has since been self-taught in fine art, illustration, comics, and design. His illustrations have been featured in a variety of publications, including "The Big Book of Contemporary Illustration" and the 'Illusive 3' "Book of Contemporary Illustration". His artwork has led each Peace Tea packaging can to tell a story behind a significant peace movement throughout history.

</doc>
<doc id="31074690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074690" title="Tribute (Roy Rogers album)">
Tribute (Roy Rogers album)

Tribute is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Roy Rogers. It was released in 1991 via RCA Records. The album peaked at number 17 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31074694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074694" title="South African Class 8D 4-8-0">
South African Class 8D 4-8-0

The South African Class 8D 4-8-0 of 1903 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.
In 1903, when the first batch of 8th Class Mastodon type locomotives had been tried and proven successful, the Cape Government Railways placed another thirty-eight 8th Class 4-8-0 steam locomotives in service, six on the Cape Western System, twenty on the Cape Midland System and twelve on the Cape Eastern System. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and reclassified to Class 8D.
Manufacture.
Evolution.
The first 8th Class locomotive of the Cape Government Railways (CGR) was a 2-8-0 Consolidation type designed by H.M. Beatty, the Chief Locomotive Superintendent of the CGR from 1896 to 1910. It was later to become the South African Railways (SAR) Class 8X. While these first Schenectady and ALCO built 2-8-0 locomotives were being subjected to exhaustive testing on all types of traffic and under varying conditions, some trouble was experienced with the leading two-wheeled pony truck and, when designs were prepared at Salt River for a later order for more locomotives, it was replaced with a four-wheeled bogie.
These thirty-eight locomotives were the second batch of CGR 8th Class locomotives to be built with a Mastodon type wheel arrangement. In spite of the difference in wheel arrangement, the CGR’s new post-7th Class Consolidations and Mastodons were all grouped together into the 8th Class.
Builders.
They were ordered from Neilson, Reid and Company in 1902 and delivered in four batches in 1903. While they were being built, Neilson, Reid amalgamated with Dübs and Company and Sharp, Stewart and Company to form the North British Locomotive Company (NBL). As a result, the last four of these locomotives were delivered as having been built by NBL at the Hyde Park shops of the former Neilson, Reid.
The locomotives were distributed between the CGR’s Midland, Eastern and Western systems as follows:
Class 8 sub-classes.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910 in terms of the South Africa Act, 1909, enacted by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the Natal Government Railways and the Central South African Railways, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the SAR came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
In 1912 these thirty-eight locomotives were renumbered in the range from 1192 to 1229 and reclassified to Class 8D on the SAR.
These locomotives, together with the rest of the CGR’s 8th Class 2-8-0 Consolidations and 8th Class Mastodons and the Class 8-L1 to 8-L3 Mastodon locomotives from the Central South African Railways (CSAR), were grouped into ten different sub-classes by the SAR. The locomotives became SAR Classes 8 and 8A to 8F and the 2-8-0 locomotives became Classes 8X to 8Z.
Modification.
During A.G. Watson’s term as the Chief Mechanical Engineer of the SAR from 1929 to 1936, many of the Class 8 to Class 8F locomotives were equipped with superheated boilers, larger bore cylinders and either inside or outside admission piston valves. The outside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased from to and retained their existing SAR classifications, while the inside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased to and were reclassified by having a "W" suffix added to their existing SAR classifications.
Of the Class 8D locomotives, nine were equipped with superheated boilers, bore cylinders and outside admission piston valves while retaining their Class 8D classification.
Fourteen were equipped with superheated boilers, bore cylinders and inside admission piston valves, and were reclassified to .
The Class 8D and Class 8DW locomotive builders, works numbers, CGR to SAR renumbering and superheating modifications are shown in the table.
Service.
In SAR service, the Class 8 family of locomotives served on every system in the country and in the 1920s became the mainstay of motive power on many branchlines. Their final days were spent in shunting service and by 1972 they were all withdrawn, some being sold into industry, like number 1211 which became "Puffing Duggie" at Grootvlei Proprietary Mines (GVPM).
Modifications illustrated.
The main picture shows reboilered and modified SAR Class 8D no. 1223 at the Bloemfontein locomotive depot on 22 March 1970. The same locomotive is depicted below before the modification.

</doc>
<doc id="31074704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074704" title="Wilfred Senanayake">
Wilfred Senanayake

Wilfred Senanayake former MP representing the electorate of Homagama.
He was educated at Nalanda College Colombo. Unbeknownst to his parents, he joined the Army. 
He joined the Lanka Sama Samaja Party and was the first Leftist chairman of the Village Council in his area.
When LSSP members who were imprisoned by the British were released in 1945, Wilfred Senanayake took the initiative to organise rallies throughout the country.
He led the Hartal in the Kelani Valley in 1953.
He was elected to Parliament from Homagama in 1970. The late Wilfred Senanayake was a representative of the poor and ordinary people. He protested that the extent of lands that could be owned by one person should be limited to while there was a suggestion that it be limited to under the 1972 Land Reform. Later the extent was limited to .
In 1982, together with politicians Anil Moonesinghe, Cholomondely Goonewardena and G. E. H. Perera he formed the Sri Lanka Sama Samaja Party (SLSSP).
He offered his lands to the poor people when their lands were acquired for road development projects. 
In appreciation of his yeoman service to the people of Homagama, the Wilfred Senanayake Ground was established there.

</doc>
<doc id="31074708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074708" title="Suggsville, Alabama">
Suggsville, Alabama

Suggsville is an unincorporated community in Clarke County, Alabama. It was laid out as a town in 1819 at the crossing of the Old Line Road and Federal Road. The name was chosen in honor of a local storekeeper, William Suggs. The first newspaper in Clarke County was published here, the "Clarke County Post". The town had many residences, stores, and male and female academies prior to the American Civil War, but declined rapidly in the post-war period.
The community has one site on the National Register of Historic Places, the Stephen Beech Cleveland House, better known today as "The Lodge".
Geography.
Suggsville is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="31074735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074735" title="Overcast (band)">
Overcast (band)

Overcast was an American metalcore band that started in the early 1990s, but broke up in 1998 after an unsuccessful tour; in 2006 they reunited to play the 2006 installment of the New England Metal and Hardcore Festival, and announced that they would release a new album entitled "Reborn to Kill Again" with 11 re-recorded classic tracks and two unreleased tracks. In 2011, ex-Overcast band-mates: Mike D'Antonio, Pete Cortese and Brian Fair announced the formation of their new side-project; "Death Ray Vision".

</doc>
<doc id="31074745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074745" title="2010–11 Old Dominion Monarchs basketball team">
2010–11 Old Dominion Monarchs basketball team

The 2010–11 Old Dominion Monarchs basketball team represented Old Dominion University during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Monarchs, led by 10th year head coach Blaine Taylor, played their home games at Ted Constant Convocation Center and are members of the Colonial Athletic Association. They finished the season 27–7, 14–4 in CAA play and were champions of the 2011 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament to earn an automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they lost in the second round to Butler.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| CAA Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31074763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074763" title="Wars of the Roses (album)">
Wars of the Roses (album)

Wars of the Roses is the eighth studio album by the Norwegian experimental collective Ulver. The album was produced by Ulver, with John Fryer and Jaime Gomez Arellano, and issued in April 2007 via Jester Records and Kscope, preceded by a single, "February MMX,” in February. "Wars of the Roses" is the first album to feature new member, British composer and multi-instrumentalist Daniel O'Sullivan (Æthenor, Guapo, Mothlite).
"Wars of the Roses" amalgamates ”musical traits from its predecessors while re-shaping them with a more direct approach." SputnikMusic noted, ""Wars of the Roses"’ thoughtful conception and execution serves only for a thoughtful listen. After all this time, it still remains a privilege to bear witness to these wolves evolve once again." 
"Wars Of The Roses" was mixed by producer John Fryer (Depeche Mode, Cocteau Twins, Swans etc.), following a chance meeting outside Crystal Canyon studios, Norway, during the latter stages of recording.
The album entered the Norwegian national album charts at Number 17, based on sales from one day alone, holding up for two subsequent weeks. It also entered the Finnish national album charts at Number 30 where it held up for one week.
Background.
In an interview with Puregrainaudio.com, Rygg commented on the inspiration behind "Wars Of The Roses", “I think the last couple of years we've been getting kind of wanting to make not only kind of cinematical but also pictorial lyrics to accompany it, so I think that kind of an idea we've taken a bit further this time, whereas the music itself is a bit more fragmented, the songs are more of [individual pieces, as opposed to "Shadows", which was a more holistic thing. Also lyrically, it may be a bit more internalised on this one. It's kind of like painting lyrical postcards almost, touching on cultural traditions and things like that.”
Rygg commented on working with Daniel O'Sullivan, “He's also very involved… and he was a very big resource this time in the live context… because there is a certain kind of method to our madness and that's something that he's had to kind of work within that kind of . So, put it this way: The album would have sounded different if he wasn't part of it. There's a reason why we invited him to become a member, and it's not only to do with the fact that he's a big musician. It's kind of a shared sensibility.”
Critical Reception.
Upon release, "Wars of the Roses" received generally positive reviews from music critics.
Murat Batmaz, writing for "Sea of Tranquility" webzine, commented, “It amalgamates musical traits from its predecessors while re-shaping them with a more direct approach. The album derives its power from being extremely varied, as it is comprised by far-reaching sonic experiments."
Conor Fynes, writing for "Prog Sphere", comments, “The strength of "War Of The Roses" is in its grand instrumentation and clever electronic arrangements. It’s certainly an album that grows with each listen; after all, hasn’t the music of Ulver always been one to play hard-to-get?“
Rating the album 4/5, SputnikMusic, commented, “While this may prove to be one of their most challenging releases, in time, it may also prove to be one of the most rewarding. Garm and company have prepared a bleak and entrancing journey meant to be taken time and again. Regardless of favor, it accomplishes that which true art is purposed - making one think. "Wars of the Roses"’ thoughtful conception and execution serves only for a thoughtful listen. After all this time, it still remains a privilege to bear witness to these wolves evolve once again.”
William Ruhlmann, writing for AllMusic, commented, “Over more than a decade and a half, listeners have learned to expect the unexpected from Ulver, who started out as a Norwegian heavy metal band but have turned far more experimental. "Wars of the Roses" begins sounding like a fairly conventional rock album, in which the mainstream track "February MMX" boasts socially conscious lyrics, and "September IV" also suggests mainstream rock. But more of the album is given over to selections like "Norwegian Gothic" and especially the nearly 15-minute closer, "Stone Angels," with slow, ambient tracks featuring sound effects and poetic, spoken word vocals. The closest antecedent, notably on "England" and "Island," with their slow, ponderous tempos and calm vocals, is Pink Floyd, making Ulver as of 2011 something of a neo-progressive rock band.”
Webzine Metal Storm commented, “"Wars Of The Roses" almost seems to be a bit of a retrospective of the past dozen years of the band's existence. This album is slow, mellow, moody, melancholic, and heavily atmospheric.”
Zero Tolerance described the album as "quite beautiful record of startlingly powerful depth."

</doc>
<doc id="31074766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074766" title="National Redoubt (Switzerland)">
National Redoubt (Switzerland)

The Swiss National Redoubt ("Schweizer Reduit" or "Réduit suisse") was a defensive plan developed by the Swiss government beginning in the 1880s to respond to foreign invasion. In the opening years of World War II the plan was expanded and refined to deal with a potential German invasion. The German plan, Operation Tannenbaum, was real, but was never carried out. The National Redoubt primarily refers to the fortifications begun in the 1880s that secured the mountainous central part of Switzerland, providing a defended refuge for a retreating Swiss army.
The National Redoubt encompassed a widely distributed set of fortifications on a general east-west line through the Alps, centering on three major fortress complexes, Fortresses St. Maurice, St. Gotthard and Sargans. These fortresses primarily defended the alpine crossings between Germany and Italy and excluded the industrialized and populated heart of Switzerland. The Swiss heartlands were defended by the Border Line, an advanced line of defenses near the borders, and the Army Position somewhat farther back. While not intended as an impassable barrier, these lines contained some significant fortifications. The National Redoubt, however, was planned as a nearly impregnable complex of fortifications that would deny an aggressor passage over or through the Alps by controlling the major passes and the railroad tunnels running north-to-south through the region. This strategy was intended to deter an invasion altogether by denying Switzerland's crucial transportation infrastructure to an aggressor.
By the 21st century, the National Redoubt was the subject of debate in Swiss society, with many fortifications decommissioned.
"Réduit" in the Swiss Alps.
In Switzerland, the concept of ""réduit"" is a recurring theme of the Swiss concept of defence. Having avoided fighting during World War II, Switzerland retained the concept for its plans of resistance against a putative Soviet invasion, thus shaping a part of the national folklore, and a strong influence in the Swiss concept of neutrality.
History.
Fortification of the Swiss alpine region began in the 1880s, shortly after the opening of the Gotthard railway. Forts similar to those of Belgian military engineer Henri Alexis Brialmont were built at Airolo, the Oberalp Pass, Furka Pass and Grimsel Pass, all in the central Alps. Additional positions were constructed in the area of Saint-Maurice, using mining and tunneling techniques in the steep mountainsides of the glacial valley.
Following World War I, there was little Swiss interest in further fortifications. However, during the 1930s as France built the Maginot Line from the Swiss border to Belgium, and Czechoslovakia built the Czechoslovak border fortifications: Switzerland re-examined its need for fixed defenses. At the same time, job creation programs became desirable as a result of the worldwide Great Depression. By 1935 design work began, and in 1937 construction began on the expanded Alpine fortifications, the Border Line and the Army line fortifications.
Guisan plan.
General Henri Guisan developed a strategy for the defense of Switzerland that recognized Switzerland's limited resources in equipment and manpower compared to its potential adversaries. Guisan proposed a delaying strategy in the broken terrain of the borders to keep an invading force out of the open country in the central plateau for as long as possible, allowing an orderly retreat to the secured Alpine perimeter. Once the retreat to the Alps was complete, the Swiss government could remain in hiding for an extended time. Accordingly, the border fortifications were improved with major programs along the Rhine and at Vallorbe in the Jura. The strategic Alpine nodes of Saint-Maurice, Saint Gotthard and Sargans were identified as the primary points of access to the Alpine redoubt for a potential aggressor. While Saint Gotthard and Saint-Maurice had been previously fortified, the area of Sargans was newly vulnerable, owing to a drainage program of former wetlands along the Rhine that would now provide easy access to the eastern Alpine gateway at Sargans.
Debate continued over the extent of the Redoubt under the Guisan plan. A proposal was developed by officers from German-speaking cantons, advocating a more compact redoubt. This was overcome by a proposal, authored by Guisan's chief of staff, Colonel Samuel Gonard, whose plan ratified the Saint-Maurice - Saint Gotthard - Sargans strategy, prefaced by a defense in depth. Additional impetus was provided by the fall of France in June, 1940. Two days after the French surrender, on 23 June, the border zones were reduced in priority in favor of the "advanced position" or Army Line. The army was shifted to the center of the country, leaving industries and population centers relatively unprotected. The final Guisan plan, adopted on 12 July 1940, defined an organized retreat to the Alps, where supplies would be stocked for an indefinite resistance with no thought of further retreat. On 25 July 1940, the Swiss defensive plan was disseminated, dictating a fallback to the Alps in the event of an Axis attack, focusing in particular on the Gotthard massif and destroying all access points as necessary once inside.
The National Redoubt strategy was emphasized on 24 May 1941. Until this time only about two thirds of the Swiss Army had been mobilized. Following the swift overrunning of the Balkan countries by German forces in April 1941, in which relatively low mountains had proven to be little barrier to the aggressive German forces, the entire Swiss army was mobilized. The Swiss, lacking a significant armored force, drew the conclusion that withdrawal to the Redoubt was the only sound course. Any actions in the Central Plateau would be delaying actions only. This was publicly reported after Switzerland was surrounded by German and Italian forces, Guisan revealed on 25 July 1940 at the so-called Rütlirapport, a meeting of the Swiss army staff at the founding site of the Swiss confederation, that in case of attack the Swiss would only defend the high Alps including the important transalpine roads and rail links. As a last resort, the army would make these routes useless to the Axis by destroying key bridges and tunnels. This plan meant that the populated lowlands - including the economic centres of the country - would be effectively ceded to the Germans. The gold reserves of the Swiss National Bank in Zürich were moved farther away from the German border, to the Gotthard Pass and to Bern.
World War II.
The National Redoubt assumed great importance to the Swiss in 1940, when they were entirely surrounded by Axis powers, effectively at the mercy of Hitler and Mussolini. The National Redoubt was a way to preserve at least part of Swiss territory in the event of an invasion. The Redoubt was to be manned by eight infantry divisions and three mountain brigades; the Swiss practiced for war by imitating the battles occurring around them.
Switzerland's "Réduit" strategy during World War II was essentially one of deterrence. The idea was to make clear to the Third Reich that an invasion would have a high cost. Simultaneously, economic concessions were made to Germany in the hope that the overall cost of a German invasion would be perceived as higher than the potential benefits. Despite this, it is clear that Hitler intended to invade eventually and that the Allied landing at Normandy as well as the difficulties faced in invading Russia were pivotal in merely delaying an invasion. Concessions included a national blackout, and the destruction of a secret German radar system that had accidentally landed in Switzerland in exchange for a dozen aircraft. In their invasion plan, Operation Tannenbaum, Germany planned to capture Geneva and Lucerne while Italy would capture the Alps; the two countries would divide the country.
Cold War.
Swiss policy during the Cold War adopted a more aggressive defense of the borders, relying less on a retreat to the mountains. While Switzerland was again surrounded by an alliance, NATO was not considered a threat to Swiss national existence. The Swiss strategy sought to exact a high price from any direct ground attack on Swiss territory. Control of the Alpine crossings remained a cornerstone of the Swiss strategy of neutrality. The dense network of passive and active barriers and large and small fortifications allowed considerable flexibility in the disposition of Swiss forces, and represented an almost optimal scenario of defense in depth.
The strategic importance of the Alpine crossings had only increased since the Second World War, and any incursion by Warsaw Pact forces would require that they either be taken, or that terms for their use would need to be agreed upon to the satisfaction of Switzerland.
In 1953 Swiss policy was formalized to place greater emphasis on the defense of the borders and population centers, and to extend the concept of defense in depth, pioneered in the Redoubt, to the entire Swiss territory. This corresponded to an unspoken reliance on cooperation with NATO to secure the flanks of Swiss territory and to resupply Swiss forces, which already purchased equipment from members of NATO. The Redoubt, with its determinedly neutralist connotations, lost priority.
Many billions of francs have been invested in building the fortifications in the mountains, which are partly still used by the army. The most important buildings of the "Réduit" were the fortifications of Sargans, St. Maurice and the Gotthard region. The caverns of those time were equipped with the needed infrastructure, beside cannons and howitzers they consisted of dormitories, kitchens, field hospitals, rooms for the sick and bakeries; and they provided space enough to accommodate 100 to 600 soldiers for a timespan of up to several months. Because the tensions between the western countries and the USSR cooled down and bunkers became increasingly obsolete because of newer weapon systems, a great number of the "Réduit" buildings were closed. Some of them have been reopened as museums and can be visited.
Comparison with similar projects.
The National Redoubt fortifications, when compared to contemporary French, Belgian, German or Czech fortifications, were much more extensive and heavily armed than the Maginot Line, the Belgian border fortifications, the Siegfried Line or the Czechoslovak border fortifications. While the Maginot fortifications were typically armed with short-barreled 75mm fortress howitzers or 120mm mortar/howitzers, the Swiss fortifications were armed with 75mm and 120mm guns, upgraded in the 1950s to 105mm and 150mm guns. The Swiss guns were typically casemate-mounted or turret-mounted long guns, not howitzers, and were more akin to naval guns than fortress guns. Because they were typically mounted on inaccessible cliffs or plateaus with an advantage of enfilade over any possible opposing force, they were not exposed to infantry attack or direct artillery fire and could afford to have exposed gun barrels. The French positions, which could be targeted by anti-tank weapons or infantry, avoided any exposed gun tubes.
Fortress St. Gotthard.
Airolo positions.
Fort Airolo , also known as Forte di Airolo, was built between 1887 and 1890 at the southern end of the Gotthard Pass overlooking Airolo. The fort was a compact massif similar to a Brialmont fort, with an encircling ditch defended by caponiers and provided with a twin 120mm gun turret and four 53mm gun turrets for close defense, with five 84mm guns in casemates. A 1-km tunnel links Fort Airolo to the Gotthard Rail Tunnel. Abandoned by the military in 1947, the fort is maintained as a museum by a preservation group and may be visited.
Battery Motto Bartola is located just up the hill from Fort Airolo and mounted an additional four 120mm guns. The fort, built between 1888 and 1890, also mounted for 84mm guns, with extensive underground galleries linking the firing positions.
Battery Foppa Grande mounted one 105mm gun in a camouflaged turret above Motto Bartola, with three 20mm anti-aircraft guns. The position featured a mortar battery, installed in 1953. The position was deactivated in 1997 and classified as potentially historical. The position may be visited by prior arrangement.
Fort San Carlo is an artillery fort 
Fort Stuei
Saint Gotthard Tunnel South Portal monitored the original south entrance to the Gotthard Rail Tunnel. Portions of the original installation remain, but the tunnel entrance has been extended to the south and the historic portal no longer exists. These positions were built in 1886-87 and represent the first modern fortifications in Switzerland. A gallery links the tunnel positions back to Fort Airolo.
St. Gotthard Pass positions.
Redoubt Hospiz , also known as Forte Ospizio, was built in 1894 and operated until 1947 near the summit of the Gotthard Pass. The fort mounted two single 120mm gun turrets. The fort is presently operated as a museum and may be visited by the public.
Fort Sasso da Pigna was built during the early part of World War II, becoming operational in 1943, effectively replacing Redoubt Hospiz. The fort consists of an eastern battery overlooking the Leventina valley and a western battery overlooking the Bedretto valley and the main pass. The main entrance is located just to the north of Fort Ospizio, with of galleries and four 105mm gun positions. A proposed addition of two more guns in the late 1950s never proceeded. The position was used until 1999. It is presently being redeveloped as a museum. This place has been opened to the public on 2012 August 25.
"Infantry positions": A number of small infantry bunkers exist near the top of the pass, most notably Bunker No. 3. Construction took place in three stages: 1886-87, 1892–1920, and 1946-1973. These works exhibit a high quality of workmanship and integration into the landscape.
Urserne Valley North.
Fort Bühl
Fortin Altkirch
Fort Bäzberg
Oberalp Pass.
Fort Stöckli 
"Oberalp infantry positions"
Fort Gütsch
Furka Pass.
Fort Galenhütten 
Fort Fuchsegg
Fortress St. Maurice.
Fortress Saint-Maurice encompasses the area around Saint-Maurice in the western, French-speaking portion of Switzerland. The Rhône leaves the central Alpine region through a narrow defile, between 4000m mountains to the south and 3000m mountains to the north. The only comparatively easy access to the upper Rhône valley, and thus to the western National Redoubt, is through Saint-Maurice. Fortress Saint-Maurice is a series of fortifications set into the mountains on either side of the valley, dominating the region as far as Lake Geneva with their artillery. The principal fortification is the enormous Fort Dailly, supported by forts Savartan, Scex and Cindey, as well as lesser positions. The extent of the area designated as Fortress Saint-Maurice is not clearly defined, but according to the Association Fort de Litroz, the Saint-Maurice sector comprises the Rhône narrows from just north of Saint-Maurice to Martigny, excluding Chillon and Champillon, as well as the fortifications of the lateral valleys. However, the effective control of the Saint-Maurice positions extended from Lac Léman to the Great Saint Bernard Pass.
Fortress Sargans.
Fortress Sargans comprises six major fortifications centered around the town of Sargans in St. Gallen canton.
First Rhine Barrier Forts.
Fort Shollberg
Fort Anstein
Major Forts.
Fort Magletsch is as of 2012 still in use by the Swiss military.
Fort Kastels is as of 2012 still in use by the Swiss military.
Fort Furkels
Fort Passatiwand
Southern Forts.
Fort Molinära
Fort Haselboden
Second Rhine Barrier Forts.
Fort Tschingel
Fort Nusslock
Fort Tamina Ragaz
Modernization.
The Redoubt positions and others in Switzerland were augmented by the Bison project, which involved the installation of anti-tank guns in new bunkers at key locations to provide a modernized pre-positioned force capable of defeating modern armor. A project to install automatic 120mm mortars was completed in 2003.
1995 army closures.
In 1995 the Swiss army was reduced from 750,000 troops to 400,000. By 2004 strength was 120,000, with 80,000 proposed by 2020.
Fate.
Debate continues over the usefulness of the Redoubt and other Swiss fortifications. Defense Minister Ueli Maurer proposed in October 2010 to close many of the positions after mitigating environmental issues and assuring permanent safety. A decommissioning program was expected to cost as much as a billion francs. In 2011 Maurer estimated costs to close down the system safely at more than $1 billion. Some of the facilities have been leased or sold as digital data repositories.
Because the "Réduit" strategy was essentially one of deterrence, part of it was overt and public, and played a part in the so-called "intellectual defence of the homeland", or "Geistige Landesverteidigung" attempting to improve the morale and cohesiveness of the nation. The "Réduit" strategy's use as a deterrence/propaganda tool continued through the cold war. In 1964, the army's pavilion at the Swiss Fair (Landesausstellung) in Lausanne had the shape of a giant hedgehog made of concrete.
The "Réduit" features at the center of Swiss writer Christian Kracht´s 2008 dystopian novel Ich werde hier sein im Sonnenschein und im Schatten.

</doc>
<doc id="31074812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074812" title="Peter K. Thomas">
Peter K. Thomas

Peter K. Thomas was a Los Angeles-based teacher and lecturer of restorative dentistry, most active in the 1960s. He performed dental work on many Hollywood celebrities and received awards from dental societies throughout the world, being considered one of the finest clinical dentists of his time. The Thomas notches, shallow notches found "on both cusp ridges on unworn molars," are named after him. 
Thomas graduated from the University of Southern California in 1939. On November 18, 1975 he was inducted into The Ostrow School of Dentistry of USC Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="31074815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074815" title="Artifact-centric business process model">
Artifact-centric business process model

Artifact-centric Business Process Model represents an operational model of business processes in which the changes and evolutions of business data, or business entities, are considered as the main driver of the processes. Different from current modeling approaches, called Activity-centric or Process-Centric business process modeling, the Artifact-centric approach focuses on describing how business data is change/updated, by a particular action or task, throughout the process.
Overview.
In general, a process model describes activities conducted in order to achieve business goals, informational structures, and organizational resources. Workflows, as a typical process modelling approach, often emphasize the sequencing of activities (i.e., control flows), but ignore the informational perspective or treat it only within the context of single activities. Without a complete view of the informational context, business actors often focus on what should be done instead of what can be done, hindering operational innovations. 
Business process modeling is a foundation for design and management of business processes. Two key aspects of business process modeling are a formal framework that integrates both control flow and data, and a set of tools to assist all aspects of a business process life cycle. A typical business process life cycle includes at least a design phase, concerned with the “correct” realization of business logic in a resource-constrained environment, and an operational phase, concerned with optimizing and improving execution (operations). Traditional business process models emphasize a procedural and/or graph-based paradigm (i.e., control flow). Thus, methodologies to design workflow in those models are typically process-centric. It has been argued that a data-centric perspective is more useful for designing business processes in the modern era.
Intuitively, business artifacts (or simply artifacts) are data objects whose manipulations define the underlying processes in a business model. Recent engineering and development efforts have adopted the artifact approach for design and analysis of business models. An important distinction between artifact-centric models and traditional data flow (computational) models is that the notion of the life cycle of the data objects is prominent in the former, while not existing in the latter.
Research and History.
Artifact-centric modeling is an area of growing interest. Nigam and Caswell introduced the concept of business artifacts and information-centric processing of artifact lifecycles. Kumaran et al. Further studies on artifact-centric business processes can be found in. Bhattacharya described a successful business engagement which applies business artifact techniques to industrialize discovery processes in pharmaceutical research. Liu et al. formulated nine commonly used patterns in information-centric business operation models and developed a computational model based on Petri Nets. Bhattacharya, K., et al. provides a formal model for artifact-centric business processes with complexity results concerning static analysis of the semantics of such processes. Kumaran et al. presented the formalized information-centric approach to discovering business entities from activity-centric process models and transforming such models into artifact-centric business process models. An algorithm was provided to achieve this transformation automatically.
Other approaches related to artifact-centric modelling can be found in. Van der Aalst et al. provides a case-handling approach where a process is driven by the presence of data objects instead of control flows. A case is similar to the business entity concept in many respects. Wang and Kumar proposed the document-driven workflow systems which is designed based on data dependencies without the need for explicit control flows. Muller et al. also introduced the framework for the data-driven modelling of large process structures, namely COREPRO. The approach reduces modelling efforts significantly and provides mechanisms for maintaining data-driven process structures.
Another related thread of work is the use of state machines to model object lifecycles. Industries often define data objects and standardize their lifecycles as state machines to facilitate interoperability between industry partners and enforce legal regulations. Redding et al. and Küster et al. give techniques to generate business processes which are compliant with predefined object lifecycles. In addition, event-driven process modelling, for example, Event-driven Process Chains (EPC), also describes object lifecycles glued by events.
More recent and closely related work on artifact-centric process model can be found in. Gerede and Su developed a specification language ABSL to specify artifact behaviours in artifact-centric process models. The authors showed decidability results of our language for different cases and provided key insights on how artifact-centric view can affect the specification of desirable business properties. Gerede et al. identified important classes of properties on artifact-centric operational models focusing on persistence, uniqueness and arrival properties. They proposed a formal model for artifact-centric operational models to enable a static analysis of these properties and showed that the formal model guarantees persistence and uniqueness.
Fritz, Hull, and Su formulated the technical problem of goal-directed workflow construction in the context of declarative artifact-centric workflow, and develop results concerning the general setting, design time analysis, and the synthesis of workflow schemas from goal specifications. The work is among the important initial steps along the path towards eventual support for tools that enable substantial automation for workflow design, analysis, and modification. Deutsch et al. introduced the artifact system model, which formalizes a business process modelling paradigm that has recently attracted the attention of both the industrial and research communities. The problem of automatic verification of artifact systems, with the goal of increasing confidence in the correctness of such business processes is also studied.
Sira and Chengfei proposed a novel view framework for artifact-centric business processes. It consists of artifact-centric process model, process view model, a set of consistency rules, and the construction approach for building process views. The formal model of artifact-centric business processes and views, namely ACP, is defined and used to describe artifacts, services, business rules that control the processes, as well as views. They developed a bottom-up abstraction mechanism for process view construction to derive views from underlying process models according to view requirements. Consistency rules are also defined to preserve the consistency between constructed view and its underlying process. This work can be considered as one approach to the abstraction, i.e., generalization of artifact-centric business processes.

</doc>
<doc id="31074826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074826" title="W. A. Camps">
W. A. Camps

William Anthony Camps (28 December 1910 – 17 January 1997) was a British classical scholar, and also served as Master of Pembroke College, Cambridge from 1970 to 1981. He was known as Tony Camps.
He entered Pembroke College in 1928 and became a Fellow in 1933. He became a lecturer there in 1939, and from 1947 to 1962 was the college's Senior Tutor in Classics.
During World War II he served with the Ministry of Economic Warfare.
In the 1960s he edited a four-volume series of the works of the poet Propertius. He wrote "An Introduction to Virgil's Aeneid" (1969) and "An introduction to Homer" (1980).
In 1953 he married Miriam Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="31074835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074835" title="The Wall Street Final">
The Wall Street Final

The Wall Street Final was an American weekday afternoon business newspaper first published on June 16, 1980 in New York City by publisher Michael Goldstein. "The Wall Street Final" intended on delivering the latest business news and information related to the closing prices on the stock market that day. The newspaper folded two months later on August 18, 1980, due to computer problems, erratic deliveries, and increased competitive measures undertaken by both the "New York Daily News" and the "New York Post".

</doc>
<doc id="31074847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074847" title="Hotel Lights (album)">
Hotel Lights (album)

Hotel Lights (album) is the debut album of Hotel Lights, a pop/indie group. It was released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31074848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074848" title="In Others' Words">
In Others' Words

"In Others' Words" is a compilation album by American country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It was released by Reprise Records on September 23, 2003. The album peaked at number 59 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31074852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074852" title="Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics">
Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics

The Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, published quarterly by the American Statistical Association. Established in 1992, the journal covers the use of computational and graphical methods in statistics and data analysis. The scope includes numerical methods, graphical displays and methods, and perception. It is published jointly with the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Interface Foundation of North America.

</doc>
<doc id="31074875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074875" title="Mary Hynes (politician)">
Mary Hynes (politician)

Mary Hughes Hynes (born 17 June 1955, Ames, Iowa) is an American politician from Arlington, Virginia.
Biography.
Hynes graduated from the College of St. Benedict in St. Joseph. In 1978 she married Patrick Hynes (born 11 February 1944), a widower with two daughters. The couple went on to have a son and two more daughters of their own, and settled in Arlington in 1983. As a result of parenting five children through various Arlington public schools, Hynes became interested in student advocacy and parlayed that experience into community service. In 1991 she chaired the Arlington Schools Futures Committee, a year-long project involving 150 citizens and public-school staff which gave its recommendations for meeting educational needs in light of rapidly increasing enrollment and student diversity.
In 1993, following the decision of the Virginia General Assembly to allow localities to elect rather than appoint their own school boards, Hynes was the consensus candidate to run against the incumbent, appointed school board chairperson and won the election. She served on the Arlington School Board from 1995 to 2006. She was chair for three of those years.
In November 2007, Hynes was elected to the Arlington County Board as a Democrat. As vice chair of the county board, she is seeking reelection in 2011.
Hynes also represents Arlington on the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission. That group, in turn, appointed Hynes to represent Arlington County as a voting member on the Board of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA). Hynes joined the WMATA board on January 27, 2011, and was appointed that day to chair its Governance Committee, which is seeking to modernize the board as a policy-making body. Since Hynes' family has one car, she will ride the Metrorail to all her WMATA meetings.
Hynes participates in the Metropolitan Development Policy Committee of the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments and was appointed by its Board as its Aviation Policy Liaison. She is represents Arlington in the Virginia Municipal League, serving as the Chair of its Urban Section and a member of its Executive Committee.
Other activities.
Hynes has been employed as a classroom teacher, a preschool director, and a music teacher. She has played bass for the choir of Our Lady Queen of Peace Catholic Church since 1977. Beginning in 2007, Hynes has served as Executive Director of the Bowen McCauley Dance, an Arlington-based contemporary dance company.
Honors.
The College of St. Benedict honored Hynes as a distinguished alumna in 2007. In 2006, the Arlington Commission on the Status of Women gave her its Person of Vision Award. In 1993, Hynes was awarded the Arlington Jaycees Outstanding Community Service Award.

</doc>
<doc id="31074883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074883" title="Bari Mamatil">
Bari Mamatil

Bari Mohamedali (; ) is a Uyghur Chinese footballer who currently plays as a striker for Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard in the China League One.
Career.
Bari has played for Xinjiang. In his first season at Hangzhou he made 16 appearances, scoring once. Appearing for Hangzhou in the 2011 Asian Champions League Bari made a direct impact in the opening game of the group stage against Nagoya Grampus scoring in their 2-0 win. On 25 October 2012, Hangzhou Greentown announced that Bari's contract with the club was terminated for disciplinary problems. He then signed with Jiangsu Sainty for the 2013 season.
On February 2014，Bari moved to China League One side Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard on a one-year loan deal.
Club career stats.
"Correct as of 5 November 2013"
Honours.
Club.
Jiangsu Sainty

</doc>
<doc id="31074894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074894" title="Berlin Türkspor 1965">
Berlin Türkspor 1965

Türkspor Berlin is a German association football club from the city of Berlin formed as an ethnically Turkish sports club in 1965. The team won its way into the Landesliga Berlin (IV) in 1989 before going on to spend three seasons (1991–94) as a lower tier side in third division play in the Amateuroberliga Nordost-Mitte where their best result came as a 9th place finish in 1992-93. Following league reorganization in 1994, the Amateurliga became the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV) where the club played just one season before they were relegated after finishing 15th. "Türkspor" spent the rest of the 1990s moving up and down between Verbandsliga and Landesliga play before finally slipping into lower level competition. Today they are part of the Kreisliga Berlin (X).
A high point of the club's history was their advance to the final of the Berliner Landespokal (Berlin Cup) in 1999 where they were beaten 1:4 by "Dynamo Berlin".

</doc>
<doc id="31074917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074917" title="Knights of the Clock">
Knights of the Clock

The Cloistered Order of Conclaved Knights of Sophisticracy, more commonly known as the Knights of the Clock, was an interracial homophile social club based in Los Angeles, California. The Knights were founded by Merton Bird, an African-American man, and W. Dorr Legg, his white lover. Sources differ as to the founding date of the organization, variously citing it as 1949, 1950, and 1951. Regardless of the exact date, the Knights was one of the earliest gay organizations in the United States, with only the Society for Human Rights (established 1924), the Veterans Benevolent Association (established 1945) and possibly the Mattachine Society (established 1950) pre-dating it.
The Knights were primarily a social club, including people of both sexes and family members of couples. They also tried to address social problems that affected interracial couples, including employment counseling and locating integrated housing for same-sex couples. To that end, the Knights discussed the possibility of establishing communes throughout its existence, although no such communes were ever established.
Although social functions routinely attracted as many as 200 participants, at its core the Knights always remained a numerically small group and eventually disbanded in the mid-1950s. Several Knights, including Bird and Legg, went on to join ONE, Inc., another early homophile organization. Sociologist Laud Humphreys cited the Knights as an example of the ability of people of different races to cross racial barriers through commonality of sexual identification.

</doc>
<doc id="31074958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074958" title="Desjardins Credit Union">
Desjardins Credit Union

The Desjardins Credit Union was an autonomous Ontario credit union whose creation was funded by the Desjardins Group in a 2003 buyout of the Province of Ontario Savings Office
As of 2010, the credit union had 50,000 members and CDN$1.4 billion in assets. 
The company had 19 branches in Ontario and six agencies with a total of approximately 50,000 members.
On June 1, 2011, Desjardins Credit Union merged with Meridian Credit Union.

</doc>
<doc id="31074966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074966" title="Florida Gulf Coast Eagles men's basketball">
Florida Gulf Coast Eagles men's basketball

The Florida Gulf Coast Eagles men's basketball team is the men's basketball team that represents Florida Gulf Coast University in Fort Myers, Florida, United States. The school's team currently competes in the Atlantic Sun Conference. 
In 2002, Florida Gulf Coast became an independent member of NCAA Division II. Florida Gulf Coast also started its men's basketball team, with Dave Balza as head coach from the inaugural 2002–03 to the 2010–11 season. In 2006, Florida Gulf Coast applied for NCAA Division I status and became a transitory Division I effective in the 2007–08 season. Florida Gulf Coast became a full Division I member on August 11, 2011.
The Eagles men's basketball team is best known for their run in the 2013 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, their first since moving up to Division I. In the Round of 64, the Eagles defeated the #2 seed Georgetown 78–68. It was only the seventh time that a 15th seed has defeated a 2nd seed, and the second-highest margin of victory for one. Two days later in the Round of 32, the Eagles defeated the #7 seed San Diego State 81–71, becoming the first time a 15th seed has ever advanced to the Sweet 16. The school was referred to as "Dunk City" or "Florida Dunk Coast" on many media outlets such as ESPN and CBS due to their high-flying athletic finishing style. 
Season results.
The Eagles participated in their first Division I postseason tournament in 2013, qualifying for the NCAA Tournament by winning the Atlantic Sun Conference Championship, beating top-seeded Mercer in the conference tournament final. On March 22, 2013; the Eagles, the 15th seed in the South Region, scored one of the biggest upsets in NCAA Tournament history, defeating second-seeded Georgetown 78–68. They were only the seventh #15 seed to defeat a #2 seed, the first being Richmond's 1991 victory over Syracuse. Two days later, they defeated seventh seeded San Diego State to become the first #15 seed ever to advance to the Sweet Sixteen. Their run ended there in a 62–50 loss to third seeded Florida. This is "officially" the third-deepest run by a first-time tournament participant in NCAA history, behind only Indiana State advancing all the way to the national championship game in 1979 and UNCC and Georgia reaching the Final Four in 1977 and 1983, respectively. Southwestern Louisiana advanced to the Sweet 16 in its first appearance as well, in 1972, but that appearance was vacated due to NCAA sanctions. Coach Andy Enfield was hired by USC on April 1. To replace him, the Eagles hired Joe Dooley, an assistant from Kansas.
Postseason.
NCAA Division I tournament results.
The Eagles have appeared in the NCAA Division I Tournament one time. Their record is 2–1. 
NCAA Division II tournament results.
The Eagles have appeared in the NCAA Division II Tournament one time. Their record is 0–1. 
NIT results.
The Eagles have appeared in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) one time. Their record is 0–1.

</doc>
<doc id="31074967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074967" title="Fairy Tale (Suk)">
Fairy Tale (Suk)

Josef Suk wrote the music for Julius Zeyer's mythological drama "Radúz and Mahulena" in 1897-8. It was first performed on 6 June 1898, under the baton of Adolf Čech.
In 1899-1900, Suk extracted a four-movement Suite to this "Pohadka" (or "Fairy Tale"). Zeyer greatly impressed Suk. The style and orchestration is much affected by Richard Strauss (who was ten years Suk's elder), although Suk's writing is somewhat simpler. There are harmonic sideslips and turns of phrase that could almost have come out of Strauss's "A Hero's Life" (1898), yet Suk's manner is essentially simpler (and has at its centre the same lyricism which also makes his earlier Serenade such a delightful piece). Dvorak thought this Suite "music from heaven". The Suite was revised in 1912, and remains one of Suk's most successful works.
The four movements are:
1. About the Constant Love of Raduz and Mahulena and Their Trials
2. Intermezzo. Playing at Swans and Peacocks
3. Intermezzo. Funeral Music
4. Runa's Curse and How It was Broken by True Love

</doc>
<doc id="31074972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074972" title="Jim Chaney">
Jim Chaney

Jim Chaney (born January 12, 1962) is an American college football coach and former player. He is currently the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach at the University of Arkansas, a position he has held since December 2012. Chaney previously served in the same capacity at the University of Tennessee from 2009 to 2012, assuming the role of interim head coach for the final game of the 2012 season after Derek Dooley was fired.
Coaching career.
Chaney served as the offensive coordinator and multiple other assistant positions for other notable NCAA football programs such as: Purdue, Wyoming, Cal State Fullerton, and Western Michigan. Between 2006 to 2009, he served as an assistant coach for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League (NFL), working with the offensive line and tight ends. Chaney was brought to Tennessee in 2009 by Lane Kiffin. After the hiring of Derek Dooley in January 2010, it was confirmed that Chaney would remain at Tennessee as the offensive coordinator. Tennessee named Chaney interim head coach on November 18, 2012, after it fired Dooley.
Offensive philosophy.
While at Purdue, Chaney was known as a spread offense guy. When Urban Meyer took his first coaching job at Bowling Green, he sought advice from several of the best coaches using the spread offense. One of those guys was Jim Chaney. But spending a few years in the NFL Chaney gained a newfound appreciation for the pro-style offense. When Chaney came to Tennessee he and Kiffin fielded a very pro-style offense, very similar to what Kiffin used at USC. Tennessee currently runs a modified pro-style attack that still relies heavily on the pass game. While at Purdue, Chaney's offense was one of the most potent in the country. He coached future NFL greats, most notably Drew Brees, who was drafted in the second round of the NFL draft in 2001.
Personal.
Chaney was born on January 12, 1962. He is married to Lisa Chaney, and they have two daughters, Sara and Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="31074981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31074981" title="French Decorative styles during the Reign of Louis XVI (1774–91)">
French Decorative styles during the Reign of Louis XVI (1774–91)

French Decorative styles during the reign of Louis XVI (1774–1791)
Overview of French decorative styles during the reign of Louis XVI.
Like most changes in taste, the sudden growth in popularity of neoclassicism is hard to fathom, but the reaction against the curvilinear frivolity of rococo happened quickly; during the later reign of Louis XVI, the style was fully developed. The Louis XVI neo classical style is also often associated with the "Etruscan" style, which was characterized by a fairly complex mixing in of sculpture-like ornamentation and metal and ceramic mounts.
Furniture during the reign of Louis XVI.
During this period marchands-merciers came to the fore. This elite group of dealers supplied furniture and decorative objects to the rich, exerting considerable influence on their design. Members included Lazare Duvaux, Dominuqe Daquerre and Jean-Henri Oeben. In Louis XVI furniture there is an emphasis on straight lines and right angles, seriousness, logical design, a sharp move away from the curves of the Rococo. Furniture becomes restrained in its form and decoration, with much use of fluted columns, carved friezes, oak and laurel leaf, wreaths, the Greek band, and other various neo classical attempts to imitate the furniture and architecture of the Romans and Greeks. It is said that the king was influenced by Queen Marie Antoinette, queen to Louis XVI. She was much responsible for the making of many small pieces of furniture that suited the furnishings of her apartment at Versailles. The king loved pastel colors and exotically colored woods. During his reign was the golden age of French furniture, craftsmanship, refinement, curves, asymmetry, branches, flowers, shells, monkeys, dolphins, latticework, cherubs, and wreaths. The artist Jean-Heri Reisener dictated the styles. Reisener was among the designers of the most notable cabinet work. The greatest charm that the Louis XVI period conveys to the modern mind is its informality and intimacy created by small rooms, light and delicate details.
Downfall of the decorative styles associated with Louis XVI.
The downfall of the decorative styles associated with Louis XVI was inextricably linked with the downfall of Louis himself in the French Revolution of 1789. The revolution was very costly and lead to the suspension of the King, and the following month, the monarchy itself was abolished when France was declared a republic. Found guilty of treason by the National Convention, Louis XVI was executed on January 21, 1793.

</doc>
<doc id="31075000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075000" title="Dwight's Used Records">
Dwight's Used Records

"Dwight's Used Records" is a compilation album by American country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It was released by Audium Records on June 29, 2004. The album peaked at number 57 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31075001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075001" title="Santa Cueva de Covadonga">
Santa Cueva de Covadonga

The Santa Cueva de Covadonga () is a Catholic sanctuary located in Asturias, northern Spain. It is a cave in the Picos de Europa mountains, which gives its name to the parish of Covadonga in the concejo of Cangas de Onís. The meaning of "Covadonga", from the Latin "Cova Dominica" is "Cave of the Lady", because the place is dedicated to the cult of the Virgin of Covadonga.
Description and history.
The origin of the cave as place of cult is controversial. The tradition has it that Pelagius, chasing a criminal, who had taken refuge in the cave, meets a hermit who was worshiping the Virgin Mary. The hermit asked Pelagius to forgive the criminal, since the criminal had resorted to the protection of the Virgin, and says that one day that he too would need to seek shelter in the Cave. Some historians say the most plausible is that Pelagius and the Christians refugees in the Cave of the Muslims, they will bring them an image of the Virgin and leave her there after his victory at the Battle of Covadonga, the origin of the Reconquista.
Muslim chronicles about the Battle of Covadonga say that in this cave fled Pelagius forces, feeding on honey bees left in the crevices of the rock. Christian chronicles claim that the miraculous intervention of the Virgin Mary was crucial in the victory, repelling attacks against the cave.
The first construction in the Holy Cave dates back of the reign of Alfonso I of Asturias, who, to commemorate the victory of Pelagius to the Muslims, built a chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary, that would give rise to the invocation of the "Virgin of Covadonga" (popularly known as "La Santina"). In addition to the altar to the Virgin built other two for Saint John the Baptist and Saint Andrew. Alfonso make delivery of this church to the Benedictine monks.
The cave was covered with wood, and in 1777 a fire destroyed the original carve of la Santina. The current carve is of 16th century and was donated to the Sanctuary by the Cathedral of Oviedo in 1778. The carving of the Virgin is painted wood, sweet features, holds the Child and a golden rose.
During the civil war the Virgin image disappears and is found in the Embassy of Spain in France in 1939. The present chapel of Romanesque style is work of Luis Menéndez-Pidal and Alvarez.
Royal pantheon of Covadonga.
The shrine of Covadonga was very important for the early Christian kingdoms in the Iberian peninsula. The royal people that were buried in the "" (), were the following:
Pelagius died in Cangas de Onís, where he had his court in 737. After his death, his body was buried in the Church of Santa Eulalia of Abamia, located in the Asturian town of Abamia, where his wife had been also previously buried. The chronicler Ambrosio Morales noted in his work that Alfonso X the Wise, king of Castile and Leon, ordered to move the remains of Pelagius and his wife to the Holy Cave of Covadonga.

</doc>
<doc id="31075010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075010" title="George E. Page">
George E. Page

George E. Page (born March 19, 1873) was an American politician from Milwaukee County, Wisconsin who served one term in the Wisconsin State Assembly, and one as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing the Milwaukee County-based 7th Senate district.
Background.
Page was born in the city of Milwaukee on the 19th of March, 1873, and continuously resided there; was educated in the public schools of Milwaukee; was elected to the office of justice of the peace for the 17th ward in 1900, but resigned the same year to enter the Law Department of the Columbian University in Washington, D.C. (later George Washington University Law School), from which he was graduated in 1903; and was admitted to the bar in the same year.
Legislative career.
Page was elected to the Assembly in 1904 and as state senator in 1906, receiving 4,250 votes against 2,603 for Anthony Szczerbinski (Democrat) and 2,737 for W. L. Hamann (Social Democrat). He was succeeded by Socialist Gabriel Zophy in the 1910 Socialist sweep of Milwaukee County offices.

</doc>
<doc id="31075021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075021" title="Rotary actuator">
Rotary actuator

A rotary actuator is an actuator that produces a rotary motion or torque.
The simplest actuator is purely mechanical, where linear motion in one direction gives rise to rotation. The most common actuators though are electrically powered. Other actuators may be powered by pneumatic or hydraulic power, or may use energy stored internally through springs.
The motion produced by an actuator may be either continuous rotation, as for an electric motor, or movement to a fixed angular position as for servos and stepper motors. A further form, the torque motor, does not necessarily produce any rotation but merely generates a precise torque which then either causes rotation, or is balanced by some opposing torque.
Actuator power sources.
Electric actuators.
Stepper motors.
Stepper motors are a form of electric motor that has the ability to move in discrete steps of a fixed size. This can be used either to produce continuous rotation at a controlled speed or to move by a controlled angular amount. If the stepper is combined with either a position encoder or at least a single datum sensor at the zero position, it is possible to move the motor to any angular position and so to act as a rotary actuator.
Servomotors.
A servomotor is a packaged combination of several components: a motor (usually electric, although fluid power motors may also be used), a gear train to reduce the many rotations of the motor to a higher torque rotation, a position encoder that identifies the position of the output shaft and an inbuilt control system. The input control signal to the servo indicates the desired output position. Any difference between the position commanded and the position of the encoder gives rise to an error signal that causes the motor and geartrain to rotate until the encoder reflects a position matching that commanded.
A simple low-cost servo of this type is widely used for radio-controlled models.
Other types.
A recent, and novel, form of ultra-lightweight actuator uses memory wire. As a current is applied, the wire is heated above its transition temperature and so changes shape, applying a torque to the output shaft. When power is removed, the wire cools and returns to its earlier shape.
Fluid power actuators.
Both hydraulic and pneumatic power may be used to drive an actuator, usually the larger and more powerful types. As their internal construction is generally similar (in principle, if not in size) they are often considered together as "fluid power" actuators. Fluid power actuators are of two common forms: those where a linear piston and cylinder mechanism is geared to produce rotation ("illustrated"), and those where a rotating asymmetrical vane swings through a cylinder of two different radii. The differential pressure between the two sides of the vane gives rise to an unbalanced force and thus a torque on the output shaft. Vane actuators require a number of sliding seals and the joins between these seals have tended to cause more problems with leakage than for the piston and cylinder type.
Vacuum actuators.
Where a supply of vacuum is available, but not pneumatic power, rotary actuators have even been made to work from vacuum power. The only common instance of these was for early automatic windscreen wipers on cars up until around 1960. These used the manifold vacuum of a petrol engine to work a quarter-turn oscillating vane actuator. Such windscreen wipers worked adequately when the engine was running under light load, but they were notorious that when working hard at top speed or climbing a hill, the manifold vacuum was reduced and the wipers slowed to a crawl.
Applications.
Rotary actuators are used in a vast range of applications. These require actuators of all sizes, power and operating speed. These can range from zero power actuators that are only used as display devices, such as air core gauges. Others include valve actuators that operate pipeline and process valves in the petrochemical industry, through to actuators for large civil engineering projects such as sluice gates and dams.

</doc>
<doc id="31075040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075040" title="Gabriel Zophy">
Gabriel Zophy

Gabriel Zophy (April 17, 1869 – September 9, 1947) was an American carpenter, building contractor and Socialist from West Allis who served one term (1911–1914) as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing the Milwaukee County-based 7th Senate district (14th and 17th wards of the city of Milwaukee; the towns of Franklin, Greenfield, Lake, Oak Creek and Wauwatosa); cities of South Milwaukee, Wauwatosa, West Allis and Cudahy and the village of West Milwaukee).
Background.
Born in April 17, 1869 in Schwanden, Glarus, Switzerland. He came to the United States with his parents in 1870 to Juda, Wisconsin (in Green County), where he attended the public schools in winter and worked on farms in the summer. In 1885 he moved to Milwaukee where he learned the trade of carpentry, worked as a journeyman until 1894, when he engaged in the business of contracting and building which he since followed. He located In West Allis in 1901 before its incorporation as a village and took an active interest In public affairs. He became village trustee in 1903 serving one term. Later he was appointed school commissioner.
Senate career.
He was a member of the state Central Committee of the Social Democratic Party (as the party was still known in Wisconsin) from West Allis in 1910 when he was elected to the Senate (replacing Republican George E. Page) with 4,344 votes, to 3,864 for Republican George G. Brew (nominally a Progressive, but suspected of stalwart tendencies) and 3374 for Democrat Benjamin Steinel, and was assigned to the Senate's standing committee on State Affairs.
He was succeeded in the 1914 election by fellow Socialist Louis A. Arnold (with whom he later served on the board of directors of the Commonwealth Mutual Savings Bank, a Socialist-led institution, along with Charles B. Whitnall).

</doc>
<doc id="31075045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075045" title="Julio Teherán">
Julio Teherán

Julio Alberto Teherán Pinto (born January 27, 1991) is a Colombian professional baseball pitcher for the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball. Teherán was signed by the Atlanta Braves out of his hometown of Cartagena, Colombia as a non-drafted free agent at age of 16.
Prior to the season, Teherán was the top ranked prospect by Baseball America in the Atlanta Braves system and fifth overall of all prospects.
Professional career.
Minor league career.
Teherán started his professional career in 2008, pitching for the Danville Braves. During that season he started six games and had a 1–2 record with a 6.60 ERA and 17 strikeouts in 15 innings.
He spent the 2009 season pitching for Danville and the Rome Braves. In 14 starts he went 3–4 with a 3.65 ERA and 67 strikeouts in 81 innings. Prior to the 2010 season, Baseball America ranked him as the Braves third best prospect behind Jason Heyward and Freddie Freeman.
Coming off a promising 2009 season, the Atlanta Braves decided to allow Teheran another full season in the Minors. He spent the 2010 season pitching for the Rome Braves, Myrtle Beach Pelicans and Mississippi Braves. He finished the season with a 9–8 record, a 2.59 ERA and 159 strikeouts in 142 innings over 24 starts.
Teherán started the 2011 season with the Triple-A Gwinnett Braves, going 3–0 with a 1.80 ERA in his first 5 starts. He was the starting pitcher for the World team in the 2011 All-Star Futures Game on July 10, 2011, but gave up a home run on a 95-mph fastball to the first batter, Cleveland Indians prospect Jason Kipnis, who was leading off the bottom of the first inning for the United States.
Atlanta Braves (2011–present).
On May 6, 2011, the Braves announced that Teherán would be making his Major League debut on May 7 against the Philadelphia Phillies. He took the loss, allowing three earned runs in 4 2/3 innings pitched with two walks and a strikeout. He was optioned back to Triple-A the next day. Teherán was called up again for another spot start on May 18, pitching 4 innings and getting a no-decision. He was again optioned back to Triple-A the next day.
He completed the 2011 Minor League season with a 15-3 win-loss record and a 2.55 ERA in 24 starts.
Teherán rejoined the Atlanta Braves when rosters expanded in September. He earned his first major league win against the New York Mets on September 8. He was named a starting pitcher on "Baseball America"'s 2011 Minor League All Star team.
Teherán was ranked No. 1 by MLB.com among top right-handed pitching prospects entering 2012 season. With the 5-man rotation in question, he was invited to Spring Training to make his case for a spot on the 25-man roster. In the 5 games he appeared in, including 3 starts, Teherán struggled to find a groove giving up 22 hits and 18 runs in just 16.1 innings pitched. He was unable to consistently throw strikes as well, giving up 8 walks.
After struggling against Major League hitters, Teherán was assigned to re-join Gwinnett where he continued his inconsistencies. He fell to a 7–9 record in 26 starts with a 5.08 ERA, giving up 18 home runs.
When injuries plagued the Major League roster, including a season-ending injury to Brandon Beachy, Teherán was passed over by several other players for the call-up. Atlanta signed free agent Ben Sheets, traded for Paul Maholm, and called Randall Delgado up as replacements rather than the highly touted prospect.
Expectations were lower for the 21-year-old Teherán than the previous Spring. He was invited to the Major League Spring Training once again, however, where he has shown flares of stardom posting a 1.29 ERA through four starts, spanning 14.1 innings through March 16. On June 5, Teherán was pitching a no-hitter against the Pittsburgh Pirates through 7.2 innings before giving up a single to pinch hitter Brandon Inge.
Teherán signed a 6-year, $32.4 million extension with the Braves on February 14, 2014.
Teherán will play in the 2014 All-Star Game, his first appearance in an All-Star game.

</doc>
<doc id="31075064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075064" title="Indradasa Hettiarachchi">
Indradasa Hettiarachchi

Indradasa Hettiarachchi was a former Minister of Industries and Member of Parliament representing Horana in the Kalutara District, Sri Lanka.
He was educated at Ananda College Colombo and Nalanda College Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="31075073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075073" title="Taquini Plan">
Taquini Plan

The Taquini Plan ("Plan de Creación de Nuevas Universidades", or "Plan Taquini") was a project for the restructuring of higher education in Argentina proposed by biochemist and academic Dr. Alberto Taquini in 1968. Implemented in 1970, it resulted in a significant decentralization of the Argentine national university system.
Overview.
Proposal.
First proposed in an academic colloquium held at the University of La Plata's mountain retreat, Samay Huasi, on November 16—18, 1968, Taquini's program called for an unprecedented expansion in the number of national universities, which at the time totaled only ten. Numerous private universities, as well as public provincial universities existed; but the former were not affordable to the majority of prospective students, and the latter were often ill-equipped and lacked the prestige a national university degree bestowed on the student. Distance and its resulting costs also hampered accessibility to a university education, since (with the exception of the UTN, which maintained campuses nearly nationwide) the ten existing national universities were distributed among but seven of the nation's 24 districts (22 provinces, a territory, and a federal district). Leading Argentine university leaders in the past, notably La Plata University President Joaquín V. González and University of Tucumán founder Juan Bautista Terán, had advocated a more decentralized system as early as the 1910s.
Background.
Some decentralization had been achieved with President Juan Perón's establishment of the UTN's predecessor, the National Worker's University, with scattered campuses, as well as two other national universities; another institution, the National University of Rosario, had been formed from the Rosario campus of the National University of the Littoral just months before the Taquini proposal. 
Revisions made to the 1884 Law 1420 of Common Education by President Pedro Aramburu's Law 6403 of 1955 further diversified higher education by allowing private (mainly parochial) colleges to issue official degrees directly rather than only through a public university, leading to the establishment of the Argentine Catholic University and other Roman Catholic-sponsored colleges.
University enrollment in Argentina had expanded from 49,000 in 1947 to 238,000 in 1969, and because the national university system absorbed most of this growth (with 200,000 students), decompressing strained public university campuses became a national development priority. Taquini also addressed development policy needs by proposing that new universities in the least developed provinces (in the north), or in thinly-populated ones (in Patagonia) focus curricula on fields related to their respective province's most productive (or most potentially productive) economic activities. This proposal was also the most cost-effective in the plan, as many of the new universities would incorporate provincial universities already specializing in degrees related to their provinces' leading natural resource sectors. 
Political concerns were at least an important as socio-economic ones in the plan's consideration. The dictatorship installed in 1966 had been repressive of dissent from its earliest days, ordering mass detentions and dismissals of university faculty and intervention against left-wing trade unions. These policies led to spiraling labor and student unrest, and by 1969, riots such as the Rosariazo and the Cordobazo. These incidents bolstered Taquini's call for decentralizing the strained system, and his plan gained support from State Intelligence, whose reports confirmed that crowded campuses and the long distances from home endured by most university students were contributing to tensions.
Implementation.
Taquini's proposal was endorsed by the National Research Council, CONICET. It was further advanced by developments in France, where student upheaval in 1968 led to the University of Paris' subdivision into 13 autonomous entities in 1970. Officially submitted on May 23, 1970, to the Council of University Rectors as the "Program for the Adjustment of the Argentine University System to the Needs of National Development," Education Minister José Luis Cantini and President Roberto Levingston signed the proposal into law on November 9, 1970. The first new institution established under its auspices, the National University of Río Cuarto, was founded in May 1971, and Taquini's closest collaborators in the policy's draft, Dr. Sadi Rife and Marcelo Zapiola, were named Rectors of the first two new universities: Río Cuarto and the National University of Comahue.
Results.
The number of national universities expanded from 10 to 23 by 1973 (and to 47 by 2010). The system's enrollment continued to rise, as well, growing from 202,000 in 1970 (85% of the total) to 481,000 in 1975 (90% of the total). The Taquini Plan failed to geographically diversify enrollment as quickly as it did the system itself, however, since the new universities generally remained less prestigious than the older establishments. The system's total enrollment reached 1,283,000 in 2006, of which 49% were enrolled in the universities of Buenos Aires, Córdoba, La Plata, or Rosario. Ballooning enrollment prompted the enactment of yearly quotas after the March 1976 coup (which caused enrollment in the system to fall by one third), though these were lifted with the election of President Raúl Alfonsín in 1983. Enrollment doubled to 661,000 by 1989, further straining facilities. 
The plan's emphasis on encouraging the pursuit of degrees according to economic and market needs was only partially successful. Degrees in the Humanities and Social Sciences (including Law) remained around half of the total, despite accounting for 3% of the labor market demand, while degrees in applied sciences were 30% of the total, while commanding three-fourths of the labor market needs; medical degrees were balanced at around 20% of degrees and demand. Nor did the plan succeed in curbing high attrition rates, as Taquini believed that shorter distances from students' families might do. 
Taquini's broader goals were largely met, however. Total university enrollment, including 50 private institutions and four belonging to the Argentine Armed Forces, reached 1.58 million in 2006, of which the proportion attending the "big four" decreased from 67% in 1968 to 40% in 2006, and the nation's 47 national universities are distributed in every province. The plan's call for increased funding was also met, albeit belatedly: federal budgets for higher education increased steadily after 1985, growing from US$1 billion (in constant 2001 dollars) to over US$4.3 billion in 2008.
A complementary proposal, calling for the creation of a system of national community colleges associated with each one's nearest national university, was proposed by Taquini in 1989, and included as Article 22 of the Higher Education Law signed by President Carlos Menem in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="31075090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075090" title="National Cohesion">
National Cohesion

National Cohesion ("Coesione Nazionale", CN) was a centre-right parliamentary group active in the Italian Senate.
Launched on 2 March 2011, the group was supportive of Berlusconi IV Cabinet. The group's president was Pasquale Viespoli, formerly leader of Future and Freedom in the Senate, and its counterpart in the Chamber of Deputies was People and Land. Most of its members were elected in Southern Italy.
From 5 May to 12 November 2011 the group was represented in government by Riccardo Villari, under-secretary at the Ministry of Culture.
Composition.
The group included:

</doc>
<doc id="31075103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075103" title="Artit Daosawang">
Artit Daosawang

Artit Daosawang () is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thai Premier League side Muangthong United. He is a Defender.
Football Career.
Artit Daosawang is known as the youngest player to play the Thai Premier League. He debuted when he was just 16 years and 131 days old when he played for TOT-CAT FC against Muangthong United on 24 March 2009.
International Career.
Artit played for Thailand's first team against China in a friendly match, which Thailand won 5-1.
He represented Thailand U23 in the 2013 Southeast Asian Games.
Honours.
"International"
"Muangthong United"

</doc>
<doc id="31075114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075114" title="Anatomy of a Disappearance">
Anatomy of a Disappearance

Anatomy of a Disappearance is the second novel by the award-winning Libyan writer Hisham Matar, first published in 2011 by Viking, an imprint of Penguin Books.
Plot summary.
The book follows the story of Nuri, a teenager living in exile with his family in Cairo in Egypt, after the sudden death of his mother, he also loses his father Kamal Pasha el-Alfi who disappears in mysterious circumstances in Switzerland, and it becomes obvious that he was abducted by the regime of their country. The young Nuri tries to come to terms with the disappearance of his father while he is living in London in Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="31075117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075117" title="Ethnic Business Awards">
Ethnic Business Awards

Ethnic Business Awards are Australia’s longest running national business awards program. The awards celebrate diversity and multiculturalism, and the achievements of migrants who come to Australia with a “suitcase full of dreams”. Their ingenious and enterprising characters contribute greatly to Australia’s business and social landscape. They create jobs, wealth and ideas, and cement the harmony of multicultural Australia. It is the goal of the Ethnic Business Awards to celebrate their journey.
The Ethnic Business Awards are televised nationally to every State and Territory across Australia. Held annually since 1988, they are Australia’s longest running business award on television. 
Founded in 1988 by Joseph Assaf AM, a Lebanese born Australian who specializes in multicultural marketing and businesses, the awards' goal was to "recognise and reward the contributions of migrants to the Australian economy". The Awards have drawn significant attention.
In 2010, the Indigenous in Business category was created, offering recognition for "the descendants of those first Australians – the traditional owners of the land".
In 2013 the Ethnic Business Awards commemorated 25 years of celebrating the success and contribution of migrants to Australia’s business and social landscape.
In celebration of this wonderful milestone, the Ethnic Business Awards honoured all of the outstanding winners and finalists over the past 24 years by reconnecting with each of them in a special “where are they now?” project.
As such, in 2013 there was no calls for new nominations. Rather, the Ethnic Business Awards crowned three Champions of Champions, with all the winners and finalists of the three (3) major categories over the past 24 years competed for this extraordinary accolade.
The inspirational stories of success against all odds that we witnessed from each of the winners and finalists over the past 24 years has been testament to the power of the human spirit, especially during times of adversity and struggle. This year, we showcased the best of the best and celebrated their continued achievement and contribution to the Australian community.
Coinciding with Canberra’s Centennial celebrations, this year the Ethnic Business Awards was invited to the nation’s capital to host its prestigious annual Gala Presentation Dinner in the Great Hall of Parliament House on 25 June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31075120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075120" title="Mah Laqa Bai">
Mah Laqa Bai

Mah Laqa Bai, born as Chanda Bibi, and sometimes referred to as Mah Laqa Chanda (7 April 1768 – 1824) was an Indian 18th century Urdu poet, courtesan and philanthropist based in Hyderabad. In 1824, she became the first female poet to have a diwan (collection of poems) of her work, a compilation of Urdu Ghazals named "Gulzar-e-Mahlaqa", published posthumously. She lived in a period when Dakhini (a version of Urdu) was making its transition into the highly Persianized Urdu. Her literary contributions provide insight on such linguistic transformations in southern India. She was an influential female courtesan of the Deccan; the Nizam, ruler of Hyderabad, appointed her to the "omarah" (the highest nobility), and as a close affiliate at the court. In 2010, her memorial in Hyderabad, that houses her tomb, was restored using funds donated by the Federal government of the United States.
Life.
Mah Laqa Bai was born as Chanda Bibi on 7 April 1768 in Aurangabad in the present-day Maharashtra. Her mother was Raj Kunwar – a courtesan who migrated from Rajputana, and father was Bahadur Khan, who served as a Mansabdar (military official) at Mughal Emperor Muhammad Shah's court. Khan migrated from Delhi to Hyderabad Deccan where he met and married Raj Kunwar. Chanda Bibi was adopted by Kunwar's childless sister Mehtaab Ma who was married to Nawab Rukn-ud-Daula, a Prime Minister of Nizam of Hyderabad.
Chanda Bibi's adoptive father took personal interest in her education and provided her with the best teachers. While growing up, she had access to a well-endowed library and was exposed to the vibrant culture of Hyderabad. By the time she was 14, she excelled in horse riding and archery. Due to her skills, she accompanied the Nizam II (Mir Nizam Ali Khan) in three wars; dressed in male attire, she was noted for bow and javelin skills in the wars. Owing to her contributions, the Nizams awarded her with Jagir (lands) on various occasions, that include the neighborhoods of Hyderguda, Chanda Nagar, Syed pally and Adikmet. On one occasion, she was conferred the title of "Mah Laqa" — meaning "Visage of the Moon". Though she never married, she was in love with Raja Rao Rambha Rao (a Maratha military chief who led a cavalry of 600 army men, fought against Maratha Empire under the second Nizam and became his favourite), and used to admire Captain Sir John Malcolm (an assistant of James Achilles Kirkpatrick, the British Resident at Hyderabad).
She was an influential woman in the court of the second and third Nizam of Hyderabad. At that time, she was the only woman to be given recognition publicly in Hyderabad State. In addition, she was appointed to the "omarah", the highest nobility. Mah Laqa was frequently consulted by the rulers of the state on policy matters. As a pride among the nobility in those times, a battalion of 500 soldiers was reserved to march with her while she visits any official. She was also a courtesan while the Nizams held court. She was a mistress of the Prime Ministers of the Nizams. She died in 1824 and bequeathed her properties that included land, gold, silver and diamond-studded jewelery to homeless women. Her residence which was located in Nampally, Hyderabad, today had been converted into a Government aided girls degree college. Mah Laqa of Deccan was the contemporary of renowned poets like Mir Taqi Mir, Mirza Muhammad Rafi Sauda and Khwaja Mir Dard in North India.
Accomplishments.
Mah Laqa was influenced by the literary work of mystic poet Siraj Aurangabadi (1715–1763), and learned poetry from Nawab Mir Alam who later became the Prime Minister of Hyderabad State. Her first language was Urdu, and she was also fluent in Arabic, Persian and Bhojpuri languages. She was the first woman poet to author a diwan, a complete collection of Urdu ghazals. The collection, named "Gulzar-e-Mahlaqa", comprises 39 ghazals, and each ghazal consists of 5 couplets. The collection was published in 1824 after her death.
Her "Nom de plume" was Chanda. The Urdu words "Bulbul" (songbird), "Gul" (rosebud) and "Saqi" (one who serves wine) recurred as themes in her ghazals. Her popularity in reading poetry made her the first poetess of the region to participate and present her poetries in a mushaira (poetic symposium) which was earlier reserved for men. Along with her poetry, sometimes she sang the songs composed by the Mughal Emperor Muhammad Shah and Sultan of Bijapur Ibrahim Adil Shah II. From her Diwan of 39 Ghazal collection, one Ghazal "Hoping to blossom (one day) into a flower" translates as:
Mah Laqa learned singing and classical Indian music Thumri from Khush hal Khan, a master musician of that time, and a great-grandson of the Tansen, the maestro of Mughal court. She excelled in Ghazal singing in multiple raga (melodic modes) and Taal (rhythms); she was adept at the Yaman raga and Khayal Tappa which she use to sing at special occasions. Mah laqa preferred using Bhimpalasi raga in romantic Ghazals. When singing Sufi songs she used Dhrupad raga mixed with taal chautala and raga Bhairavi. Mah Laqa excelled in singing love lyrics accompanied by Deccani style of Kathak dance. She established a cultural centre in which 300 girls were trained by her along with other masters. Maha Laqa's library contain manuscripts and books on poetry along with the arts and the science collections. She sponsored and supervised the publication of "Mahnama", a historical book about the revival period of Hyderabad State. Although Mah Laqa practiced Islam, she was influenced by the understanding of Hindu books and philosophy. One author studied her writings and said that "her verses had a distinct darbari ring in which she eulogized the king and nobles, a common style employed by poets during the 17th and 18th centuries."
Memorial in Hyderabad.
Near a hillock in Moula-Ali, Hyderabad, Mah Laqa constructed a walled compound where she frequently held mushairas. Inside this compound, she built a tomb for her biological mother in 1792. After her death, Mah Laqa was buried next to her mother. The tomb was constructed in the Mughal and Rajasthani architectures style in the Char Bagh pattern. Along with mausoleum, the complex contains a pavilion in centre that is decorated intricately with stucco work, the caravanserai, a mosque and two stepwells. On a carved teakwood over the door of her mausoleum, an inscription in Urdu can be seen which translates as:
Scott Kugle, a Professor of Emory University and a researcher, studied the life of Mah Laqa Bai. During his study, he came across this memorial in a dilapidated condition. Kugle proposed the idea of renovating it. In the year 2010, by using funds from the US government through the Consulate General's office in Hyderabad, the Center for Deccan Studies spearheaded the year-long renovation project. The Muslim Educational, Social and Cultural Organization also provided support to the project. In this renovation project, the debris was cleared, water channels were rebuilt, trees, bushes, the buildings and their exquisite decorations were restored.
Legacy and influence.
Abdul Halim Sharar (1860–1926), an Urdu writer and novelist, presented Mah Laqa Bai in his novel "Husan Kay Dakoo" (the robbers of beauty) as a well-informed lady who got benefits from the modern educational system. Sajjad Shahid, a Hyderabad-based scholar writes in his series of articles published in "The Times of India" that Mah Laqa Bai was the inspiration for Mirza Hadi Ruswa's famed novel "Umrao Jaan Ada", published in 1899. Ruswa, the author of the novel, had served briefly at Hyderabad's "translation bureau" (later merged to found the Osmania University), before he wrote the fictionalized account of a courtesan. "Umrao Jaan Ada" is referred to as the first true novel of Urdu literature. Narendra Luther, an expert on Hyderabad's history, posits that Mah Laqa Bai, the first women poet of India whose anthology was ever published "brought much pride to Hyderabad". Pallabi Chakravorty, a Kathak dancer and a professor in the Department of Music and Dance at Swarthmore College, US, and Scott Kugle told in the seminar "Mad and divine women" that Mah Laqa Bai, besides being an aristocratic courtesan, was a devoted mystic, and was enamored by Sufi and bhakti elements. In 2013, during the Hyderabad heritage festival, a monologue stage play "Maha Laq Bai Chanda" on the life of Mah Laqa was sponsored by Andhra Pradesh State Tourism Department. The play was directed by Vinay Varma; Ratika Sant Keswani played the role of Mah Laqa bai.
Further reading.
Urdu reading

</doc>
<doc id="31075156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075156" title="Chi YueHan">
Chi YueHan

Chi YueHan (born July 20, 1989 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang), better known by his stage name John (约翰) or CJ, is a Chinese pop singer, member of the Chinese boy band M.I.C., mainly in charge of dance arrangement Hip-hop and Beatboxing.
Biography.
YueHan was graduated on the No.14 Middle school of Wenzhou and continually studied in affiliated secondary school of Central Conservatory of Music in the department of music drama. During his study, he was discovered by Taihe Rye Music (北京太合麦田音乐文化发展有限公司), and began his training class about music and dance under the company after his graduation from the affiliated secondary school of Central Conservatory of Music in 2006. In 2009, as an M.I.C. member, he and the other members participated in Migu Star Academy (咪咕明星学院) on Dragon TV. After 5 to 6 months of competition on Migu (on March 26, 2010), M.I.C. won the Star Academy Finals.
On October 20, 2010, M.I.C. debuted with their first EP Rock Star.
M.I.C..
M.I.C. (or MIC男团) is a Chinese boyband, with 6 members, formed by Taihe Rye Music (北京太合麦田音乐文化发展有限公司).
The group consists of Wang Hao (王浩), YongXin (泳鑫), YaoYao (尧尧), Jianci (健次), YueHan (约翰) and Lu Jia (鲁佳), who left the group in 2010 for unknown reasons. 
M.I.C. made a commercial for the Chinese market with Korean girlgroup f(x), for LG’s Lollipop Cellphone. M.I.C. also participated in the show Migu Star Academy, winning the show in March 2010.<br>
On October 20, 2010, M.I.C. of five members debuted with their first EP Rock Star.
Acting.
He played a part with his group member Yaoyao in the MV "路一直都在" (piying: Lù yīzhí dōu zài) by Eason Chan (陈奕迅), from the Album Don't Want To Let Go (不想放手) released in 2008.
His first acting debut was in Yixin Gao's movie CopyCat (盗版猫 - piying: Dao Ban Mao). The movie is a black comedy about the problems of music piracy, which was released in September 2009 in China. M.I.C. members (Wang Hao, YaoYao, Lujia and XiaoXin) also played a part in the movie.
Commercials<br>
1. Lollipop Cellphone of LG (ft. f(x))<br> 
2. M-Zone of China Mobile (ft. Jay Chou, Han Geng and Migu students)<br>
3. Serial Cartoon on MK with M.I.C. as originals
Awards<br>
1. Champion of the Star Academy 2010<br>
2. Best commercial potential award on the fifth anniversary of Ifensi<br>
3. The best new group of the third Yin Yuefeng Yun Bang new singers festival<br>
4. The best new and vigorous MV of Qiyi 2010<br>
5. Golden Melody Award of Beijing Pop Music ceremony 2010

</doc>
<doc id="31075169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075169" title="The Amazing World of Gumball">
The Amazing World of Gumball

The Amazing World of Gumball is a British/American animated children's television series created by Ben Bocquelet for Cartoon Network. Produced primarily by Cartoon Network Development Studio Europe, the series first aired on May 3, 2011.
Production.
When Cartoon Network Development Studio Europe was created in 2007, Ben Bocquelet was hired in order to help people pitch their projects to the network. However, when the studio decided to have its employees all pitch their own ideas, he decided to take some of the rejected characters he had created for commercials and put them all in one series, with a school setting. Daniel Lennard, vice president of Original Series and Development at Turner Broadcasting, was impressed by the premise and ultimately greenlit production of the series. The first series to be produced by Cartoon Network Development Studio Europe, thirty-six episodes were produced for its first season in collaboration with Studio SOI, Boulder Media Limited and Dandelion Studios.
Premise.
The series revolves around the life of a young cat named Gumball (Logan Grove) and his adoptive brother and best friend Darwin (Kwesi Boakye)and their frequent crazy shenanigans in the fictional American city of Elmore. Throughout the series, he interacts with characters such as their sister Anais (Kyla Rae Kowalewski) and their parents Nicole and Richard (Teresa Gallagher and Dan Russell).
Episodes.
The first season of "The Amazing World of Gumball" premiered on May 3, 2011 with the episode "The DVD" and ended on March 13, 2012, with "The Fight". A 40-episode second season was announced on March 17, 2011, prior to the premiere of the series' first season. Speaking of the renewal, executive producer Daniel Lennard stated: "Commissioning a second series before the first show has aired shows our absolute commitment and belief in the series and we're hoping audiences the world over will embrace this show as much as we have." "The Amazing World of Gumball" was renewed for a third season consisting of 40 episodes in October 2012. In February 2013, the series was put on hiatus, but returned in June 2013.
Reception.
Critical reception.
In a favorable review, Brian Lowry of "Variety" described the series as "mostly a really clever spin on domestic chaos" and "first-rate silliness." Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" was also positive, writing: "There are few examples of mainstream children's programming as wildly imaginative, as visually and narratively daring, as "The Amazing World of Gumball"." Reviews from the "Daily Mail" praised "The Amazing World of Gumball" as a "gloriously surreal chunk of fast and funny telly" and "the kind of clever children's comedy that parents can also enjoy."
"The A.V. Club"s Noel Murray graded the DVD release of the series' first 12 episodes a B+, writing that "what sets ["The Amazing World of Gumball"] apart from the many other super-silly, semi-anarchic cartoons on cable these days is that it features such a well-developed world, where even with the eclectic character designs, there are recognizable traits and tendencies." "Wired" writer Z noted that the series "manages to have genuine heart even as the plots themselves transition from well-worn TV tropes to all out madness."
Ratings.
The May 3, 2011, series premiere of "The Amazing World of Gumball" was watched by 2.120 million viewers in the United States.
Broadcast.
The series preview on May 3, 2011 and premiered May 9, 2011 on Cartoon Network. It premiered on October 1, 2011 on Cartoon Network (Australia and New Zealand), Cartoon Network (India) and Cartoon Network (Southeast Asia). In Canada, it premiered on July 4, 2012 on Cartoon Network and on September 8, 2012 on Teletoon. It aired as a preview on May 2, 2011 and officially premiered on September 5, 2011 on Cartoon Network (UK and Ireland).

</doc>
<doc id="31075170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075170" title="PK Thomas">
PK Thomas

Professor Peter Kynaston "PK" Thomas C.B.E. MD DSc FRCP FRC (28 June 1926 – 25 January 2008) was a Welsh academic neurologist, author, teacher and administrator. From 1974 to 1991 he was Professor of Neurology at the University of London. He was a fellow of University College London and the Royal Society of Medicine, and was the recipient of the Medal of the Association of British Neurologists. Thomas was, at various times, the president of the Association of British Neurologists, the European Neurological Society, and the Peripheral Nerve Society.

</doc>
<doc id="31075192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075192" title="James Clifton Ward">
James Clifton Ward

James Clifton Ward (1843–1880) was an English geologist. Ward was a man of a singularly attractive nature; wide in his sympathies and culture, fond of art, though even more happy among beautiful scenery, and an enthusiastic geologist. 
Life.
Ward was born at Clapham Common on 13 April 1843. His father, James Ward, was a schoolmaster; his mother's maiden name was Mary Ann Morris. Ward entered the Royal School of Mines in 1861, where he won the Edward Forbes medal in 1864. 
In 1865, Ward was appointed to the geological survey, and for some time worked in Yorkshire on the millstone, grit, and coal measures near Sheffield, Penistone, and Leeds. In 1869 Ward was transferred to the Lake district, where for the next eight years he surveyed the area around Keswick. In 1877, Ward was transferred to Newcastle to examine the lower carboniferous rocks in that region. That same year, he married Elizabeth Anne Benson from Cockermouth: the couple had two children. At the end of 1878, Ward he retired from the survey. In December 1878, after being ordained as a minister, Ward assumed the curacy of St. John's Church in Keswick. Early in 1880, Ward was appointed vicar of Rydal. Ward died on 15 April of the same year. 
Ward was among the first to appreciate the importance of Clifton Sorby's method of using the microscope for the study of the composition and structures of rocks, and applied it to the old lavas and ash-beds of the Lake district. He advocated Sir Andrew Crombie Ramsay's hypothesis of the glacial origin of lake basins, applying it to those in his own district, and put forward views in regard to metamorphism which at that time would find few supporters. But his excellent work in surveying the northern part of the Lake district will always give him a high place among field geologists.
Works.
Ward wrote a small manual on natural philosophy (1871), and another on geology (1872), and was the author of the valuable memoir published by the geological survey on the northern part of the Lake district (1876), the map of which was also his work. He was also part author of two survey memoirs on the Yorkshire coalfields. Twenty-three papers appear under his name in the Royal Society's catalogue, the most important of which were published in the ‘Quarterly Journal of the Geological Society.’ Two of these, in the volumes for 1874 and 1876, deal with the glaciation of the Lake district, and three in 1875 and 1876 with the structure of its rocks and questions of metamorphism. His influence was distinctly stimulative; during his residence at Keswick he often lectured on geology, and took a leading part in founding the Cumberland Association for the Advancement of Literature and Science, together with local societies which were affiliated to it.

</doc>
<doc id="31075213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075213" title="Charles B. Whitnall">
Charles B. Whitnall

Charles B. Whitnall (born January 21, 1859) was a florist and banker who became the first Socialist city treasurer of the city of Milwaukee and the architect of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin's renowned system of public parks. He served as Secretary of the Milwaukee County Park Commission from its inception in 1907 until his retirement in 1941.
Background.
Charles B. Whitnall was born in Milwaukee on January 21, 1859, the son of a florist. He went into and eventually took over his father’s business, and became active in the floral industry. He helped organize a National Association of Florists and started the Florist Telegraph Delivery System (FTD) as a retailers' cooperative.

</doc>
<doc id="31075223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075223" title="Mary Catherine Ferguson">
Mary Catherine Ferguson

Mary Catherine Ferguson (1823–1905) was an author and biographer in Dublin, Ireland.
Life.
She was born at Stillorgan, co. Dublin, in 1823, to Robert Rundell Guinness (1789-1857) and his first wife Mary Anne Seymour (died 1837). She was educated partly at home and partly at Woodside, Cheshire. Keenly interested from an early age in Irish art and archæology.
On 16 August 1848, she married the lawyer and antiquarian Samuel Ferguson, becoming Lady Ferguson when he was knighted in 1878. 
Their circle of acquaintances included George Petrie and William Reeves.
She died in Dublin on 5 March 1905, and was buried in her husband's grave at Donegore, co. Antrim. They had no children.
Works.
Her own interest in Irish art and archaeology produced "The story of the Irish before the conquest. From the mythical period to the invasion under Strongbow" (1868) and "Lays of the Red Branch" (1897).
Her works include a biography of her husband in two volumes, "Life of William Reeves, D.D., Lord Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore," 1893, and she edited his papers after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31075231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075231" title="Henry Hays">
Henry Hays

Henry Hays may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31075245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075245" title="Taiwanese tea">
Taiwanese tea

Taiwan is famous for its tea which are of three main types: oolong tea, black tea and green tea. The earliest record of tea trees found in Taiwan can be traced back to 1717 in Shui Sha Lian (水沙連), present-day Yuchih and Puli, Nantou County. Some of the teas retain the island's former name, Formosa.
Oolongs grown in Taiwan account for about 20% of world production.
History.
According to Lien Hen (連橫; Taiwanese historian :zh:連橫 (人名)), in the late 18th century, Ke Chao (柯朝) brought some tea trees from Fujian into Taiwan and planted them in Jie Yu Keng (櫛魚坑), currently known as Ruifang District, New Taipei City. However, transaction records indicated that tea business in Muzha (木柵, Taipei 臺北市) area started as early as late 18th century. Thus we can believe that tea has been merchandised in Taiwan for more than two centuries. In 1855, Lin Feng Chi (林鳳池) brought the Cing Shin Oolong(青心烏龍) plants from Wuyi Mountain (Fujien Province)(武夷山，福建) into Taiwan and planted in Dongding Village (Lugu, Nantou County, Taiwan)(凍頂鄉，南投，台灣). This is said to be the origin of Dongding Oolong Dong Ding tea from Taiwan. 
After the Treaties of Tianjin were ratified in 1860 and the port of Danshui was opened for trade, British entrepreneur John Dodd began working with tea merchants and farmers to promote Taiwan tea, slowly developing it as an export item. Before long, tea ranked first among Taiwan’s top-three exports, ahead of sugar and camphor. The earliest teas exported during the Qing dynasty were oolong and baozhong tea, which began to be sold abroad in 1865 and 1881, respectively.
In 1867, Dodd started a tea company in Wanhua, Taipei Taipei city(萬華，台北市), and started to sell Taiwanese oolong tea to the world under the name "Formosa Oolong". Aware of British plans to develop a tea industry in India, he successfully sought profit in developing an alternative tea product on the island. Pouchong oolong was considered to be more flowery than Baihao Oolong, Pouchong was exported under the name "Formosa Pouching". In fact, Dongding Oolong (凍頂烏龍茶), White Tip Oolong (白毫烏龍茶) and Baochong Oolong(包種烏龍茶), Alpine or High Mountain Oolong, are all categorized as Oolong tea, which contributes a large part of Taiwan tea industry. Oolong tea was practically synonymous with Taiwanese tea in the late 19th century, and competitors in Ceylon sought a US market advantage by publishing materials emphasizing the use of human foot trampling during its production. This was countered by the introduction of mechanical processing publicized at the St. Louis Exhibition.
Mainland China was subject to trade embargos during the 1950s and 1960s, and during this time Taiwanese tea growers and marketers focused on existing, well-known varieties. After the mainland's products became more widely available and the market for teas became more competitive, the Taiwanese tea industry successfully changed its emphasis to producing specialty versions, especially of Oolongs. A government Tea Inspection Office grades teas into 18 categories ranging from Standard to Choice. 17,384 tonnes of tea were produced in 2008.
The government-supported Tea Research and Extension Station, established to promote Taiwanese tea in 1903, conducts research and experimentation.
Tea areas.
Major tea growing areas:
Oolong Teas.
As Taiwan is lucky to have great environment for tea growing, and with the developing of tea technology, Taiwan has produced many top quality teas, all can be called as “Formosa Tea”. The best known ones including "Formosa Dongding oolong", "Formosa Alishan Oolong", "Formosa Wenshan Pouchong","Formosa Oriental Beauty", "Formosa Shanlinxi Oolong", "Formosa Jade Oolong" and more. According to the 1997 version of the Joy of Cooking, Taiwanese oolongs are considered the finest by some tea connoisseurs. The US cooks Julee Rosso and Sheila Lukins describe three Taiwanese oolongs as the "Champagne of tea". Their special quality may be due to unique growing conditions.
Oolong is harvested five times per year in Taiwan, between April and December. The July and August crops generally receive the highest grades.
Dongding Tea.
This tea, most notably grown in the mountains of Nantou County, was brought to Taiwan during the 19th century from the mainland's Wuyi Mountains. Its special qualities have been attributed to an almost continuous fog. Teas harvested in the spring are entered in a competition and the winners are quickly bespoken at premium prices, fetching US $2,000 for a 600-gram package during the 1990s. It undergoes less fermentation than most oolongs. A 40-minute roasting over charcoal contributes to its flavor, which also has "nutty, caramel, and chestnut" elements.
Pouchong (or Baozhong) Tea.
Pouchong oolong, also called light oolong, is a lightly fermented tea, twist shape, with floral notes, and usually not roasted, somewhere between green tea and what is usually considered Oolong tea (Chinese: 烏龍; pinyin: Wulong, 'Black Dragon'), though often classified with the latter due to its lack of the sharper green tea flavours. 'Pouchong' refers to its paper wrapping.
Oriental Beauty (Dongfang Meiren)Tea.
White Tip Oolong is very fruity in taste and got the name "Oriental Beauty" from Queen Elizabeth II in the 1960s, thus "Formosa Oolong" became popular in the western world for "Oriental Beauty" (東方美人茶). Along with Lishan Oolong, it was one of the most costly exported Taiwanese teas during the 2000s. Its unique flavor originates in part from the inclusion of insect eggs and egg sacs during harvesting, contributing an element that has been described as "earthier and more robust" than Earl Grey tea. The acceptance of this flavor has led to tolerance of the insects and organic growing practices for this tea.
Iron Goddess (Tie Guanyin) Tea.
This variety originated on the mainland, and is associated with a legend in which a tea grower found a unique tea plant near an iron statue of Kuan Yin. Taiwan Mucha Iron Goddess tea (木柵鐵觀音), also known as Tie Guanyin, is a traditional oolong. It is roasted and has a stronger taste and a roast nutty character, the tea liquid is reddish-brown. Different from the Anxi Iron Goddess, which is not roasted and green in character.
High Mountain (Gao Shan) Teas.
Also called Alpine oolong, grown in altitudes of 1,000 meters or above. 
Grown at altitudes above 2,200 meters, was the costliest Taiwanese tea during the 2000s, commanding prices of over $200 US dollars per 600 grams.
Grown at altitudes above 2,500 meters. Some people name it as The King of Taiwan High Mountain Tea. Because the quantity is limited due to the geographical condition, the prices per 500  grams is often at the range of $200 US dollars up to $500. Because of its popularity, there are unscrupulous businessmen selling fake/unqualified tea using Dayuling's brand name.
This is the most widely known general name for lightly oxidized oolong tea, much of it picked in winter and therefore termed “Winter tea”. Among the oolongs grown on Ali Mountain, tea merchants tend to stress the special qualities of Gold Lily ( 金萱: Chin-Hsuan, or Jin Xuan) tea variety, which is the name of a cultivar developed in Taiwan in the 1980s. The oolong tea made with this cultivar has a particular milky flavor.
Osmanthus Oolong.
An oolong scented with osmanthus flowers, the tea is also packaged with some flowers added after the scenting process. This tea is roasted, with floral and warming notes.
Black tea.
Black Jade Taiwan Tea TTES #18 is a cultivar developed by the Taiwan Tea Research and Experiment Station during the 1990s. The now popular tea is a hybrid of "Camellia sinensis" v. assamica and a native variety ("Camellia sinensis forma formosensis"), and is said to have notes of cinnamon and mint.
Green tea.
Green tea, such as Dragon Well (Longjing) and Green Spiral (Biluochun), are grown in Taipei County’s Sanhsia area.
Bubble tea.
Bubble tea originated in Taiwan during the 1980s and is now popular worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="31075250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075250" title="Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas">
Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas

Udayakrishna and Siby K. Thomas are an Indian screenwriter duo known for their work in Malayalam cinema. Most of their works are in the comedy genre with films such as "Mattupetti Machan" (1998), "Udayapuram Sulthan" (1999), "Dhosth" (2001), "C.I.D. Moosa" (2003), "Runway" (2004), "Thuruppu Gulan" (2005), "" (2008), "Pokkiri Raja" (2010), "Christian Brothers" (2011) and "Mayamohini" (2012); all turning out to be big commercial hits.
The duo started their career as assistant directors and wrote their first screenplay in 1997, for "Hitler Brothers". They got their break through "Mattuppetti Machan" (1998) but it was "Udayapuram Sulthan" (1999) that made them bankable screenwriters. They made memorable films with directors including Joshiy, Johny Antony, Jose Thomas and Sandhya Mohan.
The duo are often criticised for the lack of content in their screenplays,the continuous association with superstars, and being the bane of Malayalam Cinema. But most of their films were big hits owing to the elitist nature of the industry.
Career.
Both Siby and Udayakrishna started their career as assistant directors. Siby assisted Balu Kiriyath and Sandhya Mohan while Udayakrishna assisted A.R.Mukesh(film script writer), Ali Akbar, K. Madhu and Venu B. Nair. It was actor Manoj K. Jayan who prodded them into a reel partnership and agreed to star in their directorial debut. However, that project did not work out. Subsequently, they wrote their first script, "Hitler Brothers" (1997), for Sandhya Mohan, followed by "Mayajalam" for Balu Kiriyath. Both films failed at the box office. The duo's first hit came through "Mattuppetti Machan" directed by Jose Thomas, and was followed by the Dileep-starrer "Udayapuram Sulthan" by the same director. Then came "Sundrapurushan" starring Suresh Gopi which was a moderate success. It was followed by Rajasenan's successful movies, Dileep-starrer "Darling Darling" and Jayaram-starrer "Malayalimamanu Vanakkam". "C.I.D. Moosa", directed by Johny Antony and starring Dileep was a notable success in the duo's career. They associated with Johny Antony in most of his directorial ventures thereafter including the commercially successful "Kochi Rajavu" and "Thuruppu Gulan".
They worked with veteran director Joshiy in Dileep-starrers "Runway", "Lion" and "July 4", and in the landmark Malayalam film "". "Twenty:20" was produced by Association of Malayalam Movie Artists in association with Dileep's Grand Productions and starred almost all major actors of Malayalam cinema. The film became one of the highest grossing Malayalam films of all time and brought several appreciations for Siby and Udayakrishna. "Twenty:20" was followed by the Mammootty-starrer children's film "Ee Pattanathil Bhootham", which was panned by the critics and became an average grosser. In 2010, they made a comeback with another Mammootty-starrer "Pokkiri Raja", which went on to become a big success and the highest grossing film of the year. However, critical responses for "Pokkiri Raja" were mostly mixed. In the same year, they also scripted debutante Thomson K. Thomas's "Kaaryasthan", another Dileep starrer. Despite negative reviews from critics, the film closely followed "Pokkiri Raja" in collection records of the year. Their only film in 2011 was "Christian Brothers", another multi-starrer with Joshiy, which went on to become a huge success. They scripted two films in 2012, "Mayamohini" and "Mr. Marumakan", both starring Dileep. The former was a tremendous success and was amongst the highest grossing films of the year while the latter, despite receiving heavy criticism from film critics, managed to become an average hit. The latest release in their combination is Dileep-starrer SringaraVelan.
Style.
Most of their films are in the comedy genre. They are known for heavy usage of slapstick comedy in all the films. The protagonists of their films often hail from rich Christian / Hindu families and often the film itself revolves around the family ties or rivalries between two families.
The duo are often criticized for the lack of content in their screenplays and for the continuous association with superstars. They justifiy:

</doc>
<doc id="31075254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075254" title="Pepper v. United States">
Pepper v. United States

Pepper v. United States, 562 U.S. ___ (2011), is a United States Supreme Court case. The case concerned whether a United States District Court properly handled the sentencing of a former methamphetamine dealer. He was originally sentenced to 24 months in prison, far shorter than what federal guidelines generally specify for crimes of that nature. Prosecutors appealed the case to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, which remanded the case back to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Iowa, which affirmed the original sentence after testimony relating the defendant's rehabilitation. The case was appealed to the Eighth Circuit again, and was again remanded. A different District Court judge gave him a 65-month sentence. The defendant then brought the case back to the Eighth Circuit, which confirmed the later ruling, and to then to the Supreme Court. Sonia Sotomayor wrote the opinion of the court, which ruled in favor of the defendant.

</doc>
<doc id="31075273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075273" title="List of The Killing episodes">
List of The Killing episodes

"The Killing" is an American serial crime drama television series developed by Veena Sud, based on the Danish series of the same name that premiered on AMC on April 3, 2011. The first two seasons center on the homicide of a young girl, Rosie Larsen, and its ensuing consequences on the police force, the suspects, and her distraught family. The third season focuses on a new murder investigation. It stars Mireille Enos and Joel Kinnaman as two homicide detectives, as they investigate crimes in Seattle, Washington.
On September 10, 2013, AMC officially cancelled the series after 38 episodes and three seasons. However on November 15, 2013 Netflix ordered a fourth and final season.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Episodes.
Season 4 (2014).
Netflix announced on November 15, 2013 that it ordered six episodes for a fourth and final season. The season will be available on Netflix in all territories on August 1, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31075275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075275" title="Amy Wren">
Amy Wren

Amy Wren (born 12 October 1989) is a British actress.
Personal life.
Wren attended "Parsnips Youth Theatre" in Harborough for four years. She was featured in the "Mail" in July 2006, when she and two others from Parsnips were chosen to be a part of the "National Youth Theatre". She suffers from OCD since she was 15.
Career.
Wren started acting when she was talent spotted by Walt Disney UK at the age of 16. She was then engaged for Walt Disney's Comedy Sketch show "Life Bites", playing the lead role as Chloe. She moved onto working with Nickelodeon in "Genie In The House" and "Summer in Transylvania". In 2010 she took part to Andrea Arnolds film adaptation of the classic novel "Wuthering Heights", in which she plays Frances Earnshaw.

</doc>
<doc id="31075291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075291" title="Linear octree">
Linear octree

A linear octree is an octree that is represented by a linear array instead of a tree data structure. 
To simplify implementation, a linear octree is usually complete (that is, every internal node has exactly 8 child nodes) and where the maximum permissible depth is fixed a priori (making it sufficient to store the complete list of leaf nodes). That is, all the nodes of the octree can be generated from the list of its leaf nodes. Space filling curves are often used to represent linear octrees.

</doc>
<doc id="31075296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075296" title="Willis Cole">
Willis Cole

Willis Russell Cole (January 6, 1882 – October 11, 1965) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Chicago White Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="31075298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075298" title="Queap">
Queap

In computer science, a queap is a priority queue data structure. The data structure allows insertions and deletions of arbitrary elements, as well as retrieval of the highest-priority element. Each deletion takes amortized time logarithmic in the number of items that have been in the structure for a longer time than the removed item. Insertions take constant amortized time.
The data structure consists of a doubly linked list and a 2-4 tree data structure, each modified to keep track of its minimum-priority element.
The basic operation of the structure is to keep newly inserted elements in the doubly linked list, until a deletion would remove one of the list items, at which point they are all moved into the 2-4 tree. The 2-4 tree stores its elements in insertion order, rather than the more conventional priority-sorted order.
Both the data structure and its name were devised by John Iacono and Stefan Langerman.
Description.
A queap is a priority queue that inserts elements in O(1) amortized time, and removes the minimum element in O(log("k" + 2)) if there are "k" items that have been in the heap for a longer time than the element to be extracted. The queap has a property called the queueish property: the time to search for element "x" is O(lg "q"("x")) where "q"("x") is equal to "n" − 1 − "w"("x") and "w"("x") is the number of distinct items that has been accessed by operations such as searching, inserting, or deleting. "q"("x") is defined as how many elements have not been accessed since "x"'s last access. Indeed, the queueish property is the complement of the splay tree working set property: the time to search for element "x" is O(lg "w"("x")).
A queap can be represented by two data structures: a doubly linked list and a modified version of 2-4 tree. The doubly linked list, "L", is used for a series of insert and locate-min operations. The queap keeps a pointer to the minimum element stored in the list. To add element "x" to list "l", the element "x" is added to the end of the list and a bit variable in element "x" is set to one. This operation is done to determine if the element is either in the list or in a 2-4 tree. 
A 2-4 tree is used when a delete operation occurs. If the item "x" is already in tree "T", the item is removed using the 2-4 tree delete operation. Otherwise, the item "x" is in list "L" (done by checking if the bit variable is set). All the elements stored in list "L" are then added to the 2-4 tree, setting the bit variable of each element to zero. "x" is then removed from "T". 
A queap uses only the 2-4 tree structure properties, not a search tree. The modified 2-4 tree structure is as follows. Suppose list "L" has the following set of elements: formula_1. When the deletion operation is invoked, the set of elements stored in "L" is then added to the leaves of the 2-4 tree in that order, proceeded by a dummy leaf containing an infinite key. Each internal node of "T" has a pointer formula_2, which points to the smallest item in subtree "v". Each internal node on path "P" from the root to formula_3 has a pointer formula_4, which points to the smallest key in formula_5. The formula_2 pointers of each internal node on path "P" are ignored. The queap has a pointer to formula_7, which points to the smallest element in "T".
An application of queaps includes a unique set of high priority events and extraction of the highest priority event for processing.
Operations.
Let "minL" be a pointer that points to the minimum element in the doubly linked list "L", formula_7 be the minimum element stored in the 2-4 tree, "T", "k" be the number of elements stored in "T", and "n" be the total number of elements stored in queap "Q". The operations are as follows:
New(Q): Initializes a new empty queap.
Insert(Q, x): Add the element "x" to queap "Q".
Minimum(Q): Retrieve a pointer to the smallest element from queap "Q".
Delete(Q, x): Remove element x from queap "Q".
DeleteMin(Q): Delete and return the smallest element from queap "Q".
CleanUp(Q): Delete all the elements in list "L" and tree "T".
Analysis.
The running time is analyzed using the amortized analysis. The potential function for queap Q will be formula_17 where formula_18.
Insert(Q, x): The cost of the operation is "O(1)". The size of list "L" grows by one, the potential increases by some constant "c".
Minimum(Q): The operation does not alter the data structure so the amortized cost is equal to its actual cost, O(1).
Delete(Q, x): There are two cases.
Case 1.
If "x" is in tree "T", then the amortized cost is not modified. The delete operation is "O(1)" amortized 2-4 tree. Since "x" was removed from the tree, formula_2 and formula_4 pointers may need updating. At most, there will be formula_21 updates.
Case 2.
If "x" is in list "L", then all the elements from "L" are inserted in "T". This has a cost of formula_22 of some constant "a", amortized over the 2-4 tree. After inserting and updating the formula_2 and formula_4 pointers, the total time spent is bounded by formula_25.
The second operation is to delete "x" from "T", and to walk on the path from x to formula_3, correcting formula_2 and formula_4 values. The time is spent at most formula_29. If formula_30, then the amortized cost will be formula_21.
Delete(Q, x): is the addition of the amortized cost of Minimum(Q) and Delete(Q, x), which is formula_21.
Code example.
A small java implementation of a queap:

</doc>
<doc id="31075302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075302" title="North County (disambiguation)">
North County (disambiguation)

North County refers to the northern part of San Diego County, the most populous region with this name.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31075305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075305" title="Gabrielle Hamilton (chef)">
Gabrielle Hamilton (chef)

Gabrielle Hamilton is an American chef and author. She is the chef/owner of Prune, a restaurant in New York City, and the author of "Blood, Bones, and Butter", a memoir. Hamilton received her MFA in creative writing from the University of Michigan and received the James Beard award for best chef in New York City in 2011.
Biography.
Gabrielle Hamilton was raised in New Hope, PA. At a roundtable discussion with Eric Ripert and Anthony Bourdain at the 92nd Street Y, she claimed that she learned to cook and eat well from her French mother. She has two children, Marco and Leone. She received her MFA in creative writing in 1997 from the University of Michigan.
Critical response.
Michiko Kakutani, reviewing "Blood, Bones, and Butter" in the "New York Times" in February 2011 called it "brilliantly written." Anthony Bourdain described it as "simply the best memoir by a chef ever." 

</doc>
<doc id="31075318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075318" title="Kirill Eydelnant">
Kirill Eydelnant

Kirill Andreivich Eydelnant (; born 1 January 1988) is a Russian professional football player who plays for FC Druzhba Maykop.
Playing career.
In 2009, Eydelnant represented Russia at the Maccabiah Games.
Eydelnant played for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara.

</doc>
<doc id="31075320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075320" title="Wyoming Highway 341">
Wyoming Highway 341

Wyoming Highway 341 is Wyoming State Road located in eastern Sheridan County and is a spur from US 14/US 16 to the community of Arvada.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 341 starts its southern end in the community of Arvada near Sheridan County Route 38 (Wild Horse Road) and Sheridan County Route 273 (Upper Powder River Road). WYO 341 actually begins just short of the Arvada city limits. Highway 431 travels north, paralleling the Burlington Northern & Santa Fe Railroad to some extent before crossing it. WYO 341 ends at just under 3.2 miles at US 14/US 16 three miles north of Arvada.

</doc>
<doc id="31075321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075321" title="East County (disambiguation)">
East County (disambiguation)

East County, San Diego is a region in San Diego County, California.
East County may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31075326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075326" title="Walter Enneccerus">
Walter Enneccerus

Walter Enneccerus (21 November 1911 – 3 August 1971) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Luftwaffe during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Enneccerus was born 21 November 1911 in Trier, in the Mosel region.
He served with the Condor Legion in Spain, where he flew the Heinkel He-51 and then the Junkers Ju-87 during the invasion of Poland in September 1939. He then fought in the Battle of France, being awarded the Front Flying Clasp of the Luftwaffe, Iron Cross (1939) 2nd and 1st Class, and as "Hauptmann" and "Gruppenkommandeur" of II./StG. 2 (Sturzkampfgeschwader 2) Immelmann. received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 21 July 1940. 
He flew in the Battle of Britain before his unit was transferred to Sicily in December 1940, participating in the attack on the Royal Navy aircraft carrier HMS "Illustrious" on 10 January 1941. "Illustrious" was severely damaged by 6 bomb hits and several near misses, which caused fires, disabled her steering gear and killed 83, and wounded 100.He also took part in the sinking of the cruiser . 
Moving to North Africa he supported the Afrika Korps, flew operations supporting the conquest of the Balkans and Crete. He led the StG. 2 attack on the aircraft carrier HMS "Formidable" on 26 May 1941, damaging the carrier.
Transferring to the Eastern Front he became "Geschwaderkommodore" of StG 77 in October 1942 but was removed from command for refusing to carry out what he considered to be a suicidal mission. He survived the war as a "Generalmajor".
During his career he was credited with flying 200+ missions. In 1956 he joined the Bundeswehr and rose to the rank of Brigadegeneral, retiring in 1967. He died 3 August 1971 in Wahn, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31075336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075336" title="The Rescue (Sparks novel)">
The Rescue (Sparks novel)

The Rescue is a novel written by the American author Nicholas Sparks, first published in 2000. It debuted at number 2 on the "New York Times" Best Sellers list on October 8, 2000, and reached number 1 the following week.
Plot summary.
Denise Holton, the 29-year-old heroine, is destitute and forced to live in her mother's old house in Edenton, N.C. She's also the single mother of a handicapped child, Kyle, a four-year-old with "auditory processing problems" that render him unable to express himself or to fully understand others. Though she doesn't suspect it, Denise is on a literal collision course with true love. After she smashes her car into a tree and wakes up to discover Kyle missing, she finds deliverance in the form of Taylor McAden, dashing firefighter and compulsive risk taker, who rescues Kyle, too. Since Taylor enjoys an instant, unprecedented rapport with Kyle, there is little standing in the way of burgeoning romance. Trouble comes, however, when Denise learns of Taylor's checkered romantic past. Taylor's inability to commit, it seems, is somehow tied to his compulsive heroism, of which numerous histrionic examples are described. Denise's quest to find the source of Taylor's emotional distance takes up the final third of the book.
Main characters.
Brett Cosgrove is Denise’s former one-night stand, leading up to Kyle’s existence. He was engaged at the time and wants nothing to do with Kyle. 

</doc>
<doc id="31075339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075339" title="2011 Big Ten Conference Women's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Big Ten Conference Women's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Big Ten Women’s Basketball Tournament will be played Thursday, March 3 through Sunday, March 6 at the Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis, Indiana. All 10 games will be aired nationally on the Big Ten Network and ESPN2. The Big Ten Network will carry every game except the final, which will air on ESPN2. The winner will receive an automatic bid to the 2011 Women's NCAA Tournament.
Seeds.
All Big Ten schools participated in the tournament. Teams were seeded by 2010–11 Big Ten Conference season record, with a tiebreaker system to seed teams with identical conference records (Tie-breaking Procedure. The top 5 teams received a first round bye.
The seeding for the tournament was as follows:
Bracket.
All game times are ET.

</doc>
<doc id="31075365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075365" title="Top tree">
Top tree

A Top tree is a data structure based on a binary tree for unrooted dynamic trees that is used mainly for various path-related operations. It allows simple divide-and-conquer algorithms. It has since been augmented to maintain dynamically various properties of a tree such as diameter, center and median.
A Top tree formula_1 is defined for an "underlying tree" formula_2 and a set formula_3 of at most two vertices called as External Boundary Vertices
Glossary.
Boundary Node.
See Boundary Vertex
Boundary Vertex.
A vertex in a connected subtree is a "Boundary Vertex" if it is connected to a vertex outside the subtree by an edge.
External Boundary Vertices.
Up to a pair of vertices in the Top Tree formula_1 can be called as External Boundary Vertices, they can be thought of as Boundary Vertices of the cluster which represents the entire Top Tree.
Cluster.
A "cluster" is a connected subtree with at most two Boundary Vertices.
The set of Boundary Vertices of a given cluster formula_5 is denoted as formula_6
With each cluster formula_5 the user may associate some meta information formula_8 and give methods to maintain it under the various internal operations.
Path Cluster.
If formula_9 contains at least one edge then formula_5 is called a "Path Cluster".
Point Cluster.
See Leaf Cluster
Leaf Cluster.
If formula_9 does not contain any edge i.e. formula_5 has only one Boundary Vertex then formula_5 is called a "Leaf Cluster".
Edge Cluster.
A Cluster containing a single edge is called an "Edge Cluster".
Leaf Edge Cluster.
A Leaf in the original Cluster is represented by a Cluster with just a single Boundary Vertex and is called a "Leaf Edge Cluster".
Path Edge Cluster.
Edge Clusters with two Boundary Nodes are called "Path Edge Cluster".
Internal Node.
A node in formula_5 \ formula_15 is called an "Internal Node" of formula_16
Cluster Path.
The path between the Boundary Vertices of formula_5 is called the "cluster path" of formula_5 and it is denoted by formula_19
Mergeable Clusters.
Two Clusters formula_20 and formula_21 are "Mergeable" if formula_22 is a singleton set (they have exactly one node in common) and formula_23 is a Cluster.
Introduction.
"Top Trees" are used for maintaining a Dynamic forest (set of trees) under link and cut operations.
The basic idea is to maintain a balanced Binary tree formula_1 of logarithmic height in the number of nodes in the original tree formula_2( i.e. in formula_26 time) ; the Top Tree essentially represents the recursive subdivision of the original tree formula_2 into clusters".
In general the tree formula_2 may have weight on its edges.
There is a one to one correspondence with the edges of the original tree formula_2 and the leaf nodes of the Top Tree formula_1 and each internal node of formula_1 represents a cluster that is formed due to the union of the clusters that are its children.
The Top Tree data structure can be initialized in formula_32 time.
formula_2
Therefore the Top Tree formula_1 over (formula_35 formula_3) is a binary tree such that
A tree with a single vertex has an empty top tree, and one with just an edge is just a single node.
These trees are freely augmentable allowing the user a wide variety of flexibility and productivity without going into the details of the internal workings of the data structure, something which is also referred to as the "Black Box".
Dynamic Operations.
The following three are the user allowable Forest Updates.
Internal Operations.
The Forest updates are all carried out by a sequence of at most formula_26 Internal Operations, the sequence of which is computed in further formula_26 time. It may happen that during a tree update, a leaf cluster may change to a path cluster and the converse. Updates to top tree are done exclusively by these internal operations.
The formula_66 is updated by calling a user defined function associated with each internal operation.
Split is usually implemented using Cleanformula_85 method which calls user method for updates of formula_75 and formula_81 using formula_66 and updates formula_66 such that it's known there is no pending update needed in its children. Than the formula_5 is discarded without calling user defined functions. Clean is often required for queries without need to Split.
If Split does not use Clean subroutine, and Clean is required, its effect could be achieved with overhead by combining Merge and Split.
The next two functions are analogous to the above two and are used for base clusters.
Non local search.
User can define Chooseformula_77 operation which for a root (nonleaf) cluster selects one of its child clusters. The Top Tree blackbox provides Searchformula_77 routine, which organizes Choose queries and reorganization of the Top tree (using the Internal operations) such that it locates the only edge in intersection of all selected clusters. Sometimes the search should be limited to a path. There is a variant of nonlocal search for such purposes.
If there are two external boundary vertices in the root cluster formula_5, the edge is searched only on the path formula_9. It is sufficient to do following modification: If only one of root cluster children is path cluster, it is selected by default without calling the Choose operation.
Examples of non local search.
Finding i-th edge on longer path from formula_44 to formula_45 could be done by formula_5=Expose({v,w}) followed by Search(formula_5) with appropriate Choose. To implement the Choose we use global variable representing formula_44 and global variable representing formula_111 Choose selects the cluster formula_20 with formula_113 iff length of formula_114 is at least formula_115. To support the operation the length must be maintained in the formula_116.
Similar task could be formulated for graph with edges with nonunit lengths. In that case the distance could address an edge or a vertex between two edges. We could define Choose such that the edge leading to the vertex is returned in the latter case. There could be defined update increasing all edge lengths along a path by a constant. In such scenario these updates are done in constant time just in root cluster. Clean is required to distribute the delayed update to the children. The Clean should be called before the Search is invoked. To maintain length in formula_116 would in that case require to maintain unitlength in formula_116 as well.
Finding center of tree containing vertex formula_44 could be done by finding either bicenter edge or edge with center as one endpoint. The edge could be found by formula_5=Expose({v}) followed by Search(formula_5) with appropriate Choose. The choose selects between children formula_122 formula_21 with formula_124 the child with higher maxdistanceformula_125. To support the operation the maximal distance in the cluster subtree from a boundary vertex should be maintained in the formula_116. That requires maintenance of the cluster path length as well.
Interesting Results and Applications.
A number of interesting applications originally implemented by other methods have been easily implemented using the Top Trees interface. Some of them include
Implementation.
Top Trees have been implemented in a variety of ways, some of them include implementation using a "Multilevel Partition" (Top-trees and dynamic graph algorithms Jacob Holm and Kristian de Lichtenberg. Technical Report), and even by using Sleator-Tarjan s-t trees (typically with amortized time bounds), Fredericksons Topology Trees (with worst case time bounds) (Alstrup et al. Maintaining Information in Fully Dynamic Trees with Top Trees).
Amortized implementations are more simple, and with small multiplicative factors in time complexity. 
On the contrary the worst case implementations allow speeding up queries by switching off unneeded info updates during the query (implemented by persistence techniques). After the query is answered the original state of the top tree is used and the query version is discarded.
Using Multilevel Partitioning.
Any partitioning of clusters of a tree formula_2 can be represented by a Cluster Partition Tree CPTformula_180 by replacing each cluster in the tree formula_2 by an edge. If we use a strategy P for partitioning formula_2 then the CPT would be CPTPformula_183 This is done recursively till only one edge remains.
We would notice that all the nodes of the corresponding Top Tree formula_1 are uniquely mapped into the edges of this multilevel partition. There may be some edges in the multilevel partition that do not correspond to any node in the Top tree, these are the edges which represent only a single child in the level below it, i.e. a simple cluster. Only the edges that correspond to composite clusters correspond to nodes in the Top Tree formula_185
A Partitioning Strategy is important while we partition the Tree formula_2 into clusters. Only a careful strategy ensures that we end up in an formula_26 height Multilevel Partition ( and therefore the Top Tree).
The above partitioning strategy ensures the maintenance of the Top Tree in formula_26 time.

</doc>
<doc id="31075378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075378" title="Joseph Turner (priest)">
Joseph Turner (priest)

Joseph Turner (1746 or 1747 – 3 August 1828) was a British academic and clergyman.
He entered Pembroke College, Cambridge University in 1763 at age 17 and was senior wrangler in 1767. He received an M.A. in 1770.
He was Master of Pembroke College from 1784 to 1828, and Dean of Norwich from 1790 to 1828.
He was a Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge University in 1785–6 and 1805–6.
His only son was William Hamilton Turner, who became vicar of Banwell, Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="31075394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075394" title="Steve Dacri">
Steve Dacri

Stephen "Steve" Robert Dacri (March 22, 1952 – February 11, 2011) was an accomplished sleight-of-hand magician who worked for nearly 30 years at his craft earning him the moniker "The Fastest Hands in the World." He was born in Worcester, Massachusetts, attended Worcester Polytechnic Institute, and died on February 11, 2011 from colon cancer, leaving a wife, Jan, and a son, Jesse. 
Dacri's interest in magic began at the age of six when his parents gave him a Mandrake the Magician magic set. Within a few years, he was performing magic at family and community gatherings.
“I grew up watching Red Skelton, Abbott & Costello, The Three Stooges, The Amazing Ballantine and Jackie Gleason. I always knew I wanted to be able to entertain people like they did,” Steve wrote. 
Dacri's joy in entertaining audiences for the majority of his life was clear to everyone who crossed his path. In a blog post dated March 18, 2010, he wrote: 
It is obvious to me that most people have never had the chance to see magic in such a setting, performed without props or special sets. To me, this is the real magic, magic that is created in the hands, using age old methods of sleight of hand and misdirection perfected by masters before me. I was lucky to be tutored and coached by the greatest magicians who ever lived, and I owe my success to them. During the show I try to acknowledge them all and we even show a short film clip of the legendary Dai Vernon, whom we called the Professor, as a tribute to the remarkable man who had the distinction of being the only man to fool Houdini. Some nights I even perform the same trick that Vernon used to fool Houdini. To keep things fresh, I am constantly changing things, adding new routines and old ones that I haven't done in many years. I do that for myself as much as for the show. Helps keep me sharp and fresh."

</doc>
<doc id="31075421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075421" title="FXX">
FXX

FXX is an American digital cable and satellite television channel owned and operated by the Fox Entertainment Group subsidiary of 21st Century Fox. Aimed at young men in the 18–34 age range, the channel's programming focuses on original and acquired comedy series, some dramatic programs, and feature films. FXX launched at 7:00 a.m. Eastern/6:00 a.m. Central on September 2, 2013, replacing Fox Soccer.
History.
Development.
In January 2013, it was reported by various media outlets that sports-focused channel Fox Soccer would be shut down and be replaced with a general entertainment network that would act as a brother service to FX. The decision appeared to stem from Fox Sports' loss of U.S. television rights to English Premier League soccer matches, rights it shared with ESPN; NBC Sports had secured U.S. rights to the league in October 2012, a deal that took effect at the start of the 2013–14 season. Also likely having an effect on Fox Soccer's future was the eventual conversion of two other Fox Sports specialty channels on August 17, 2013, when the motorsports-oriented Speed became the new general-interest Fox Sports 1 and the extreme sports-heavy Fuel TV converted to Fox Sports 2 (Premier League broadcasts on NBC began that same day).
Fox Entertainment Group announced its plans for FXX on March 28, 2013 for a planned launch on September 2, 2013, intending for FXX to be available in approximately 74 million American homes "in year one". In the months leading up to the launch, Fox was generally coy about definitively confirming where FXX would be placed on cable/satellite channel lineups, though Fox officials had indicated off the record that the plan was to indeed replace Fox Soccer with the new network.
Launch.
The end of Fox Soccer.
Fox Soccer's conversion to FXX took place on the morning of September 2, 2013, leading out of a final airing of Fox Soccer's "" with an hour block of paid programming (which featured a FXX disclaimer card at the front) at 6 a.m. (ET), followed by the proper launch an hour later at 7 a.m. ET. 
Launch of FXX.
The launch clip had FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi about to score a goal broken up by Frank Reynolds (Danny Devito) of "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" coming through a leather couch (representing a television screen being "ripped") being "birthed" in the nude (a scene taken from the 2009 Christmas special episode "A Very Sunny Christmas"), suggesting the "birthing" of FXX; this led into the pilot episode of "Parks and Recreation", the start of an all-day marathon airing of the series. As a result of the rebranding, Fox Soccer's remaining event rights, including CONCACAF and UEFA matches, have moved to Fox Sports 1, Fox Sports 2, or in some cases Fox Soccer Plus.
Although the channel is intended by Fox to be part of the basic-cable lineup, on many providers (including Suddenlink Communications, DirecTV, Verizon FiOS, and Charter Communications) the channel has been placed in a specialty sports package, a holdover from the channel's previous iteration as Fox Soccer.
A Canadian version of FXX launched on April 1, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31075437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075437" title="Suma Bhattacharya">
Suma Bhattacharya

Suma Bhattacharya is an Investment Banker turned model and film actress. She started her career with Credit Suisse in London as an Analyst. She began modeling soon after and was a finalist in the Miss India World competition (2008) and was crowned Miss India UK (2008). She became an actress thereafter.
She is also a very talented Kathak dancer and has performed professionally at various venues in the UK including the Royal Albert Hall.
She first appeared in a Bollywood telefilm "Like I Love You", produced by Shahrukh Khan's production house Red Chillies Entertainment, following which she debuted in Telugu with "Kudirithe Cup Coffee", directed by Rama Selva, pairing with Varun Sandesh. She is currently working on her debut Tamil film, "Muran", featuring alongside director-actor Cheran and Prasanna.

</doc>
<doc id="31075443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075443" title="FYJ">
FYJ

FYJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31075467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075467" title="Jacob Rummel">
Jacob Rummel

Jacob Rummel (born April 17, 1857) was an American cigarmaker and Socialist from Milwaukee who served one term (1905–1908) as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing the 6th Senate district (9th, 10th, 19th, 20tb, and 22d wards of the city of Milwaukee).
Background.
Rummel was born on April 17, 1857 in Washington County, Wisconsin where he attended public schools. He came to Milwaukee in 1872 and entered college, and learned the cigar trade, becoming foreman for Williams & Brendle Cigar Mfg. Co.
Elective office.
He was elected state senator on the Social Democratic ticket in 1904 from the Sixth district (9th, 10th, 19th, 20th and 22nd wards of the City of Milwaukee), a seat held by Republican Rip Reukema (who did not seek re-election). Rummel received 5,848 votes against 5,801 for August J. Langhoff (Republican), and 3,127 for Gottfried Hergarten (Democrat). 
He did not run for re-election in 1908, and was succeeded by fellow Socialist Winfield Gaylord.

</doc>
<doc id="31075496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075496" title="Johannes Wolf">
Johannes Wolf

Johannes Wolf (c.1521–1572) was a Swiss Reformed theologian .
Life.
Johannes Wolf was born in Zurich around the year 1521. He became the chaplain of the Zurich hospital in 1544. He received a ministerial position of at the Zurich Fraumünster in 1551. In 1565 He became theology professor at the Zurich Carolinum, also known as the Zurich Academy or Lectorium. He died in 1572.
Wolf was an important acolyte of Heinrich Bullinger in the 1550s and 1560s. With Bullinger and Rudolf Gwalther he intervened unsuccessfully on behalf of Thomas Erastus and the general Zwinglian conception of church-state relations in the Electorate of the Palatinate church discipline controversy of the late 1560s. 
Wolf's colleague Johann Wilhelm Stucki composed a biography of him upon his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31075541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075541" title="Wyoming Highway 343">
Wyoming Highway 343

Wyoming Highway 343 is a north-south Wyoming State Road in northern Sheridan County that connects US 14 and WYO 345.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 343 begins its southern end at U.S. Route 14 at Dayton and from there travels northwest. At approximately 4 miles into the route, Highway 343 gently curves northeast as it meets Sheridan County Route 118 (Columbus Creek Road). Shortly thereafter, WYO 343 turns due north. Highway 343 ends after 5.24 miles at Wyoming Highway 345 (former US 87) southeast of Parkman.

</doc>
<doc id="31075543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075543" title="John Miner (attorney)">
John Miner (attorney)

John Miner (December 20, 1918, Cleveland Heights, Ohio, USA – February 25, 2011, Los Angeles) was most famous for being the Los Angeles prosecutor in charge of investigating the deaths of Marilyn Monroe, Robert F. Kennedy, and the Manson killings. In the case of Genie, a girl who had been locked in her house for 13 years and rendered unable to speak, he successfully defended Genie's mother in court on grounds that she was forced into acquiescence by an abusive husband. He was a Los Angeles County deputy district attorney from 1959 to 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="31075566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075566" title="Little River Falls">
Little River Falls

Little River Falls is located within the Little River Canyon National Preserve and marks the beginning of the Little River Canyon. On April 8, 2014, the falls set a record water flow of more than 11,000 cubic feet per second. This broke the old record set in 1964. 

</doc>
<doc id="31075575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075575" title="A-40174">
A-40174

A-40174 (SP-1) is an analgesic drug which acts as a potent cannabinoid receptor agonist, and was developed by Abbott Laboratories in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="31075578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075578" title="Nandakini">
Nandakini

Nandakini is one of the five main tributaries of the Ganges river. Originating in the glaciers below Nanda Ghunti on the Nanda Devi Sanctuary, the river joins the Alaknanda at Nandprayag (870m), which is one of the panch prayags or holy confluences on the Alaknanda.

</doc>
<doc id="31075606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075606" title="Solar All Access">
Solar All Access

Solar All Access (formerly known as Solar Sports PPV) is a Philippines non-commercial pay-per-view sports subscription service of Solar Entertainment Corporation a subsidiary of Solar Television Network which features live sports broadcasts via satellite. It includes the boxing matches of Manny Pacquiao, yearly soccer matches of FIFA World Cup, the Olympics competitions and wrestling matches of WWE, specially on Pay-Per-Views and even direct off satellite of US TV programs like "Glee". It is available on SkyCable channel 167 and Cignal Digital TV channel 74. PPV viewing is also available to the public in gymnasiums, cinemas, restaurants, pubs and hotels in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="31075648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075648" title="Lyallia kerguelensis">
Lyallia kerguelensis

Lyallia kerguelensis, commonly called the Lyallia Cushion ("Coussin de Lyallia" in French), is a species of flowering cushion plant in the monotypic genus "Lyallia" in the Montiaceae family. It is sometimes placed in the Hectorellaceae or the Portulacaceae. The generic name honours British botanist and naval officer David Lyall who served as assistant surgeon on HMS "Terror" on the Antarctic exploring expedition led by James Clark Ross from 1839 to 1843. Lyall was a friend and colleague of describer Joseph Dalton Hooker on the expedition when the type material was collected. The specific epithet refers to the type locality.
Description.
"Lyallia kerguelensis" is a perennial herb. It forms round cushions, usually 200–400 mm across, but occasionally up to 1 m in diameter. Its closest relative is the similar cushion plant "Hectorella caespitosa" which is found in alpine areas of the South Island of New Zealand.
Distribution and habitat.
The species is endemic to the subantarctic Kerguelen Islands, part of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands in the southern Indian Ocean. It grows in small populations on moraines and fellfields, from the sea shore to about 300 m above sea level, and can live for at least 16 years.

</doc>
<doc id="31075652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075652" title="Henrietta, North Carolina">
Henrietta, North Carolina

Henrietta is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Rutherford County, North Carolina, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31075656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075656" title="Otto Kelly">
Otto Kelly

Otto Harvey Kelly (15 May 1880 – 30 July 1946) was an Australian sportsman who represented Western Australia as a first-class cricketer and played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Kelly also played with East Fremantle and South Fremantle in the West Australian Football Association (WAFA).
The eldest of three brothers in the VFL, Kelly participated in 16 of a possible 17 games in the 1902 season. His brother, Harvey, was also with South Melbourne that year and his other brother Ernie would later play at Carlton. Along with Harvey, Kelly made his way to Western Australia in 1903 and signed with East Fremantle. All three brothers were members of the 1904 East Fremantle premiership side. He switched to rival club South Fremantle in 1905 and played for them in three WAFA seasons.
As his football career was coming to an end, Kelly was at his peak as a cricketer and made two appearances for Western Australia, both against New South Wales, in the 1906/07 cricket season. He played as a right handed top order batsman but could only manage scores of 23, 0, 13 and 4. In 1907/08 he was picked for his third and final first-class match, against the touring Marylebone Cricket Club from England. He scored 22 in the first innings, dismissed by Wilfred Rhodes, and 13 not out in the second.
A nephew, Ernest Bromley was the first Western Australian to play cricket for Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31075684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075684" title="Bushy Park Forest Reserve">
Bushy Park Forest Reserve

Bushy Park Forest Reserve is located on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand, at 791 Rangitatau East Road, from Kai Iwi, Whanganui, Manawatu-Wanganui Region. It features an Edwardian-era homestead Category One Heritage Building registered with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust, a predator-free native bird sanctuary, and a virgin rainforest. It measures approximately , and is characterized as a "lowland remnant of rata-podocarp taka-puketea rainforest". According to Forest & Bird, Bushy Park is considered to be amongst the 25 best restoration ecology projects in Australia and New Zealand.
History.
The 22-room Edwardian homestead, designed by Charles Tilleard Natusch, includes a long, -wide hall that runs the length of the residence, as well as wood panelling, carved mantels, and art deco lights. Built by Russell and Bignell in 1906 at a cost of £4,566 for G. Frank Moore, a cattle and racehorse breeder, the residence and park were given to the Royal Forest and Bird Protection Society of New Zealand by Moore in 1962. 
The homestead, bird sanctuary, and rain forest have been managed by Bushy Park Homestead and Forest Trust since 1994. The Bushy Park Festival, an annual event on the Sunday of Wellington Anniversary weekend, is the major fundraising event for the trust.
During the period of 2004 to 2005, a pest-exclusion fence was built around the park and two aerial drops of rodent bait occurred later in 2005. The opening of Bushy Park’s kiwi creche, also in 2005, was marked by the arrival of a female kiwi chick from the Waimarino Forest.
Flora and fauna.
A network of ten forest paths traverse the forest reserve that includes mahoe, mamaku, pukatea, rātā, and rimu along with colonies of ferns and mosses. A feature of the reserve is a large northern rātā Metrosideros robusta named "Ratanui" ("Big Rata"). It is estimated to be between 500 and 1000 years old. It is in height while its girth exceeds , and has been severely damaged by possums. 
Avifauna species include bellbirds, kereru, North Island Robin, saddlebacks, and tui, as well as the falcon, fantail, grey warbler, mallard, pukeko, silvereye, and White-faced Heron.
Giraffe weevils, glowworms, and huhu beetles also inhabit Bushy Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31075703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075703" title="List of programs broadcast by NBCSN">
List of programs broadcast by NBCSN

This is a list of past and present programs broadcast by the American television channel NBCSN including its former incarnations of OLN, Outdoor Life Network, Outdoor Life, and Versus.

</doc>
<doc id="31075731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075731" title="Third Force (Burma)">
Third Force (Burma)

The Third Force is an informal group name given to a collection of political parties and local non-governmental organisations operating inside Burma (also known as Myanmar). It was used mainly in relation with the 2010 general elections.
Although campaigning for improvement of living conditions and for democratic change inside the country, the Third Force is seen as distinct from Aung San Suu Kyi and her National League for Democracy. The political parties participated in the November 2010 General elections while Aung San Suu Kyi's party called for a general boycott. Some state that the Third Force consists of liberal elements of the regime, more 'pragmatic' components of the opposition movement and a handful of local and foreign academics who advocated for a change in western policy of sanctions and isolation.
The Third Force contains pro-democracy parties, ethnic minorities parties and locally established educational non-governmental organisations.
The name is derived from the argument that the members are distinct from the two main political camps inside the country, the Burmese military regime and the political movement centered around Aung San Suu Kyi. It is seen as campaigning for the similar goals of the more well known opposition but by adopting a less confrontational approach. Some have described it as neither pro-junta or pro-opposition.
Components.
Although not a formal grouping, a handful of political movements are identified as part of the Third Force.
Background.
The country's political situation had changed little since the coup of 1988. The two major players of the political crisis, the military junta and the National League for Democracy, were perceived as too confrontational and adverse to cooperation, hindering any development to the country's political and economic scene. Most movements and political actors inside the country were simply grouped as either pro-government or of the NLD opposition. 
However, Cyclone Nargis in 2008 was seen as a watershed for the local non-governmental scene, as youths became more interested in the affairs of the country, in light of failings by the government in the social sectors. As the military regime blocked international aid, local non governmental organisations sprouted to fill in the relief gap, mainly drawn from the youth and educated of the country's largest city, Yangon. These NGOs also stopped short of criticizing the junta, deciding that it would only hinder relief operations. 
Cyclone Nargis coincided with the junta's attempts to push through a constitution which had taken nearly fifteen years to complete. Although widely denounced as flawed to keep the military in power, opinions emerged commenting that change could be slowly achieved from within the Constitution's provisions. This was seen as a departure from the NLD's purportedly confrontational approach of immediate regime change.
A new political school emerged, calling for a new path in bringing about democracy yet by exploiting the clauses of the new constitution. Detractors however, perceive the Third Force as a charade by the military regime to imitate actual political change.
2010 General Elections.
The decision by the NLD to boycott the 2010 general elections marked a greater chasm between the Third force and the traditional Opposition. The Third Force parties opted to register and compete in the election, claiming that in due course, democratisation could be achieved from within the framework of the 2010 constitution. 
The 'Third Force' parties current control 20.23% of the elected Amyotha Hluttaw (House of Nationalities) or 34 representatives of the 224 chamber (of which 56 are directly appointed from the army) and 17.88% of the elected Pyithu Hluttaw (House of Representatives) or 59 representatives of the 440 chamber (of which 110 are directly appointed from the army).
Stance.
The Third Force is seen as occupying middle ground between the junta and the NLD, campaigning for change and democracy yet not confrontational. Detractors, mainly veteran politicians severely critical of the junta, regularly ridicule the activities of Third Force parties as misguided and naive or even as a front for the military junta. 
Third Force components are seen as fundamentally different from the NLD in two aspects, mainly on the nature of participation in politics and on the statutory and non-statutory sanctions in place against the country. This stance has drawn flak from ardent supporters of Aung San Suu Kyi as lip service to democracy and that the Third Force is an attempt to create a new political elite. 
The Third Force shares or draws its approaches from less vocal commentators of the Burmese political situation. Although not seen as supporters of the Third Force, a number of intellectuals and academics are seen as either sharing political views or influencing the policies of Third Force elements. These include Thant Myint-U, grandson of the third United Nations Secretary-General U Thant, Ma Thanegi - a pro-democracy activist and former close associate of Aung San Suu Kyi and a number of academics both local and foreign from Burmese and international institutions.
Criticism.
The Third Force and its supporters, especially the academics, are targets of criticism from more hardline pro-democracy activists and organisations. Their stance on engagement and sanctions have been denounced by certain prominent political players as "naive and stupid".

</doc>
<doc id="31075747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075747" title="Sueño Electro II">
Sueño Electro II

Sueño Electro II (Electro Dream ll) is the fifth studio album from the Mexican synthpop band Belanova, and is the second half of the Sueño Electro project. The album was recorded simultaneously with the fourth album, "Sueño Electro I", and features a similar musical style and continued experimentation, this time with Ranchera and country-inspired music. The band had confirmed that it would be released on August 30, 2011, but it was later delayed until September 6 for simultaneous release in Mexico, USA, and Latin America.
Reception.
"Sueño Electro II" debuted at number 8 on the Billboard Latin Pop Charts, number 15 on the Billboard Latin Albums Chart, and number 12 on the Billboard Dance/Electronic Albums Chart. In Mexico, it debuted at number 20 on the AMPROFON Top 100 Chart, and number 12 on the AMPROFON Spanish Genre Chart.
Track listing.
The track list was announced by Belanova on their official Facebook page on July 26, 2011.
"Dulce Amor" is a cover of the song by Ana Martín.<br>
"Tic-Toc" appeared on the previous album; the version on this album is a duet version.<br>
Deluxe Edition Bonus DVD

</doc>
<doc id="31075772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075772" title="Thought identification">
Thought identification

Thought identification refers to the empirically verified use of technology to, in some sense, read people's minds. Recent research using neuroimaging has provided some early demonstrations of the technology's potential to recognize high-order patterns in the brain. In some cases, this provides meaningful (and controversial) information to investigators.
Professor of neuropsychology, Barbara Sahakian, qualifies "A lot of neuroscientists in the field are very cautious and say we can't talk about reading individuals' minds, and right now that is very true, but we're moving ahead so rapidly, it's not going to be that long before we will be able to tell whether someone's making up a story, or whether someone intended to do a crime with a certain degree of certainty."
Examples.
Identifying thoughts.
When humans think of an object, like a screwdriver, many different areas of the brain activate. Psychologist Marcel Just and his colleague, Tom Mitchell, have used FMRI brain scans to teach a computer to identify the various parts of the brain associated with specific thoughts. 
This technology also yielded a discovery: similar thoughts in different human brains are surprisingly similar neurologically. To illustrate this, Just and Mitchell used their computer to predict, based on nothing but FMRI data, which of several images a volunteer was thinking about. The computer was 100% accurate, but so far the machine is only distinguishing between 10 images.
Psychologist John Dylan-Haynes states that FMRI can also be used to identify recognition in the brain. He provides the example of a criminal being interrogated about whether he recognizes the scene of the crime or murder weapons. Just and Mitchell also claim they are beginning to be able to identify kindness, hypocrisy, and love in the brain.
In 2008 IBM applied for a patent on how to extract mental images of human faces from the human brain. It uses a feedback loop based on brain measurements of the fusiform gyrus area in the brain which activates proportionate with degree of facial recognition.
In 2011, a team led by Shinji Nishimoto used only brain recordings to partially reconstruct what volunteers were seeing. The researchers applied a new model, about how moving object information is processed in human brains, while volunteers watched clips from several videos. An algorithm searched through thousands of hours of external YouTube video footage (none of the videos were the same as the ones the volunteers watched) to select the clips that were most similar. The authors have uploaded demos comparing the watched and the computer-estimated videos.
Predicting intentions.
Some researchers in 2008 were able to predict, with 60% accuracy, whether a subject was going to push a button with their left or right hand. This is notable, not just because the accuracy is better than chance, but also because the scientists were able to make these predictions up to 10 seconds before the subject acted - well before the subject felt they had decided. This data is even more striking in light of other research suggesting that the decision to move, and possibly the ability to cancel that movement at the last second, may be the results of unconscious processing.
John Dylan-Haynes has also demonstrated that fMRI can be used to identify whether a volunteer is about to add or subtract two numbers in their head.
Brain as input device.
Emotiv Systems, an Australian electronics company, has demonstrated a headset that can be trained to recognize a user's thought patterns for different commands. Tan Le demonstrated the headset's ability to manipulate virtual objects on screen, and discussed various future applications for such brain-computer interface devices, from powering wheel chairs to replacing the mouse and keyboard.
Decoding brain activity to reconstruct words.
On January 31, 2012 Brian Pasley and colleagues of University of California Berkeley published their paper in PLoS Biology where in subjects internal neural processing of auditory information was decoded and reconstructed as sound on computer by gathering and analyzing electrical signals directly from subjects' brains. The research team conducted their studies on the superior temporal gyrus, a region of the brain that is involved in higher order neural processing to make semantic sense from auditory information. The research team used a computer model to analyze various parts of the brain that might be involved in neural firing while processing auditory signals. Using the computational model, scientists were able to identify the brain activity involved in processing auditory information when subjects were presented with recording of individual words. Later, the computer model of auditory information processing was used to reconstruct some of the words back into sound based on the neural processing of the subjects. However the reconstructed sounds were not of good quality and could be recognized only when the audio wave patterns of the reconstructed sound were visually matched with the audio wave patterns of the original sound that was presented to the subjects. However this research marks a direction towards more precise identification of neural activity in cognition.
Ethical issues.
With brain scanning technology becoming increasingly accurate, experts predict important debates over how and when it should be used. One potential area of application is criminal law. Haynes states that simply refusing to use brain scans on suspects also prevents the wrongly accused from proving their innocence.

</doc>
<doc id="31075777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075777" title="Lancaster High School (Lancaster, South Carolina)">
Lancaster High School (Lancaster, South Carolina)

Lancaster High School is located in Lancaster, South Carolina, a small city approximately 35 miles from Charlotte, North Carolina. The school serves students in grades 9-12 with a program that provides AP and honors classes, college preparatory classes, a vocational/technical program, and range of classes and services for students with special needs. It is operated by the Lancaster County School District.
School's Recognition and Awards.
Lancaster High School has received the Palmetto Gold Award in 2003, 2005, and 2009. The Lancaster High School Career Center (now part of LHS) received the Gold Award in 2003-2005. The Palmetto Gold and Silver Award recognizes the state’s schools with the highest levels of student academic achievement and the fastest rates of improvement. The award criteria are based on the absolute and improvement ratings assigned to each school on the school's report card.
The Palmetto Gold and Palmetto Silver awards program was created by the Education Accountability Act of 1998. Award criteria were developed by the South Carolina Education Oversight Committee.
Each winning school receives a banner, a certificate and a portion of the state lottery funds earmarked for the awards program. The financial award is determined by several factors, including the type of award received, student enrollment, student attendance, teacher attendance and dropout rates.
Palmetto Gold Award – LHS, 2004 – 2005
Palmetto Gold Award – LHS, 2002 – 2003
Palmetto Gold Award – Career Center, 2002 – 2003
Palmetto Gold Award – Career Center, 2003 – 2004
Palmetto Gold Award – Career Center, 2004 – 2005
Smaller Learning Community Grant, 2004 – 2005
History.
In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, education in the Lancaster County area depended upon itinerant teachers and private tutors. In 1825, the Franklin Academy was formed as the first unit of what was to become the Lancaster County school system. In 1923, the educational system expanded significantly with the formation of Lancaster High School and Lancaster Training School, later known as Barr Street High School.
The year 1970 marked the integration of Barr Street High School and Lancaster High School and the current campus was established in the fall of 1993. The combined heritage of these two schools lives on here at Lancaster High. The continued support of the Lancaster community, combined with the academic strength of a dedicated faculty, demonstrate that Lancaster continues “to keep faith with its children.” 

</doc>
<doc id="31075794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075794" title="Thomas Kipling">
Thomas Kipling

Thomas Kipling (1745 or 1746 – 28 January 1822) was a British churchman and academic.
He entered St John's College, Cambridge University in 1764 at age 18 and was senior wrangler in 1768. He received an M.A. in 1771, a B.D. in 1779, and a D.D. in 1784. He was Boyle Lecturer in 1792, and Master of the Temple in 1797. He was a Deputy Regius Professor of Divinity from 1787 to 1802, and Dean of Peterborough from 1798 to 1822.
Kipling was active as a prosecutor against William Frend for the latter's Unitarian views.
Life.
Born at Bowes, Yorkshire, he was son of William Kipling, a cattle salesman. He received his early education at Scroton and at Sedbergh School, and was admitted a sizar of St. John's College, Cambridge, on 28 June 1764. He graduated B.A. in 1768, was elected a fellow of his college 29 January 1770, and commenced M.A. in 1771. In 1773 he was elected one of the taxors of the university. He took the degree of B.D. in 1779. In 1782 he was elected Lady Margaret's preacher on the resignation of Richard Farmer. He was created D.D. in 1784, in which year he was presented by his college to the vicarage of Holme on Spalding Moor, Yorkshire. In 1787 he was appointed deputy regius professor of divinity, the professor, Richard Watson, being in ill-health. In 1792 he preached the Boyle lectures, but did not print the course.
In 1792 Kipling was attacked by liberals in the university for his part in promoting the prosecution of William Frend, Fellow of Jesus College who had attacked the established Church of England. On 10 February 1798 he was made Dean of Peterborough. In the summer of 1802 he resigned the deputy professorship of divinity.
When John Lingard's "Strictures" on Herbert Marsh's "Comparative View of the Churches of England and Rome" appeared in 1815, Kipling took offence at the terminology "modern church of England"; and thinking that it came within the category of "seditious words, in derogation of the established religion", wrote to Lingard through the public papers informing him that unless within a reasonable time he published a vindication of his "inflammatory language" he would be indicted. Lingard merely advertised his "Strictures" in all the papers which had published Kipling's letter; and the controversy died away. Jeremy Bentham mentioned a letter of Kipling of 1815 on schism in his "Church-of-Englandism" (1817), though a fuller treatment of points he wished to make against Kipling, Gerard Andrewes and Nicholas Vansittart was omitted for reasons of length.
Kipling died at his parsonage, after a lingering illness, on 28 January 1822.
Works.
Kipling's major work was "Codex Theodori Bezæ Cantabrigiensis, Evangelia et Apostolorum Acta complectens, quadratis literis, Græco-Latinus. Academia auspicante venerandæ has vetustatis reliquias, summa qua potuit fide, adumbravit, expressit, edidit, Codicis historiam præfixit, notasque adjecit T. Kipling", Greek and Latin, 2 pts., Cambridge, 1793, printed at the university press. The impression was limited to 250 copies. This edition of the "Codex Bezæ" used types resembling the uncial characters of the original manuscript. It was criticised in the "Monthly Review", new ser. xii. 241–6, and by Richard Porson in two notices in the "British Critic", vol. iii. (1794); and the preface was attacked in a pamphlet entitled "Remarks on Dr. Kipling's Preface to Beza. Part the first" (London, 1793), by Thomas Edwards the vicar of Histon (no second part appeared). Errors in this edition and the bad latinity of the preface were mercilessly censured, so that in the slang of the university a "Kiplingism" came to be synonymous with a grammatical blunder. George Horne remarked that Kipling's work, although imperfect, was unfairly underrated. Frederick Henry Ambrose Scrivener, in the preface to his own edition of the "Bezæ Codex Cantabrigiensis" (Cambridge, 1864) defended Kipling's textual work, but not his adopted forms.
Kipling's other works were: 

</doc>
<doc id="31075795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075795" title="Rhododendron prunifolium">
Rhododendron prunifolium

The plumleaf azalea, Rhododendron prunifolium, is a wild azalea that grows only in a few counties along the Georgia–Alabama border in the Chattahoochee River Valley. It is considered the rarest azalea in the Eastern United States. Providence Canyon is one of the most popular places to view the plumleaf azalea in the wild.

</doc>
<doc id="31075840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075840" title="United Nations Television">
United Nations Television

United Nations Television, also known as UNTV, is the public affairs television arm of the United Nations. It broadcasts live and recorded gavel-to-gavel meetings of various United Nations agencies and arms from around the world, including the General Assembly and the Security Council.
In addition, three series are produced and broadcast on UNTV: 

</doc>
<doc id="31075854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075854" title="Garden State Discovery Museum">
Garden State Discovery Museum

The Garden State Discovery Museum is a children's museum located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey. with a branch opening in Atlantic City in 2015.
Overview.
The museum was founded in 1994 and hosts over 150,000 visitors annually, providing various opportunities for infants to 10-year-olds and their adult companions. Some exhibits include: 
In addition, the museum offers many educational classes for children as well as a drama and music program. All programs are free with admission.
Recognition.
The Garden State Discovery Museum was listed as one of the top 50 children's museums in the United States by "Parents" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31075911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075911" title="Johannes Pfeiffer">
Johannes Pfeiffer

Johannes Pfeiffer (8 December 1916 – 26 December 1994) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Luftwaffe during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. During his career he flew 200 combat missions. In 1956 he joined the Bundeswehr and rose to the rank of Oberst, retiring in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31075916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075916" title="George Dixon (Cockfield Canal)">
George Dixon (Cockfield Canal)

Sir George Robertus Dixon (18 November 1731 Bishop Auckland - 29 September 1785 Cockfield, County Durham), was a chemist, mathematician, engraver, china-painter, engineer, geologist and coalmine operator, who helped pioneer the use of coal gas in heating and gas lighting - one of his gas experiments leading to the destruction of his own house.
George was one of the seven children of George Dixon (1701-1775), an affluent Quaker and coal-mine owner, and his wife Mary Hunter of Newcastle. George was also the elder brother of Jeremiah Dixon, who helped survey the Mason-Dixon line in the United States in 1767.
In the same year, with a view to easier transporting of local coal, George and other colliery operators, excavated a stretch of canal on Cockfield Fell, hoping eventually to join the River Tees at Barnard Castle or to reach the sea, and dispense with the time-consuming practice of hauling coal over 40 miles to the nearest port - George leased a colliery on Cockfield Fell, from Sir Henry Vane, 2nd Earl of Darlington of Raby Castle, where coal and iron had been worked since medieval times. The enormous cost and factions with conflicting interests ensured the failure of this ambitious canal scheme, but the idea did give rise in time, and with the aid of Edward Pease, to the Stockton and Darlington Railway, which served the same purpose of transporting coal, though passengers were not carried until October 1833.
The coal on Cockfield Fell eventually ran out, the last pits closing in 1962. As a result the Haggerleases branch (formerly the Butterknowle branch) was closed by British Railways in September 1963. The station at Cockfield Fell still stands, but in a poor state of repair. The closure of the Darlington - Barnard Castle - Middleton line in 1965 signalled the death rattle of a once thriving transportation network.
George married Sarah Raylton (20 August 1732 - 18 April 1796), the daughter of innkeeper John Raylton and Barbara Dixon, on 13 September 1753. The marriage produced eight children: Mary, George, George (infant deaths often led to the same name's being used for the next child), Jeremiah, John, Thomas, Sarah and Elizabeth. The name 'Raylton' cropped up again with his great-grandson Sir Raylton Dixon, the prominent Victorian shipbuilder.

</doc>
<doc id="31075929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075929" title="Empire State Railway">
Empire State Railway

The Empire State Railway, established in 1916, was an interurban rail that ran from Syracuse, New York, to Oswego, New York, a distance of . Streetcar service on the route ran until 1931 when it was abandoned in favor of buses.
History.
The Empire State Railway ran from Downtown Syracuse to Oswego, New York, via Baldwinsville, Phoenix and Fulton. The line ran on the beds of the streets in the cities and villages by franchise and on private right-of-way for the remainder.
Empire United Railways.
The Empire State Railroad Corporation was formed on October 30, 1916, to take over part of the property of the Empire United Railways, Inc. 
The following directors and officers were elected; H. S. Holden, William Nottingham, Harold Tenney, Joshua Backman, J. C. Nelson and Thomas W. Meachem, all of Syracuse and W. H. Lippincott of Philadelphia, C. E. Hotchkiss and F. R. Ford of New York City. H. R. Holden was named president, F. R. Ford was chairman of executive committee, J. C. Nelson was vice-president and general manager, H. J. Clark was treasurer, S. C. Stivers was secretary and comptroller and J. H. Yoder was auditor.
The new company took over the property from the receiver on October 31, 1916. The firm owned the interurban electric railway between Syracuse and Oswego, including the local electric railway system in Oswego and the Syracuse terminal. The Rochester and Syracuse Railroad used the Syracuse terminal under a rental agreement.
The Empire State Railroad Corporation also owned the interurban electric railway extending from Auburn to a connection with the Rochester and Syracuse Railroad at Port Byron, New York, west of Syracuse. They also owned part of the local electric railway system in Auburn which was operated by the Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad. The total track owned by the Empire State Railroad Corporation was , of which was interurban and miles city track. Power was supplied by the Niagara, Lockport and Ontario Power Company from Niagara Falls, Salmon River and Oswego River hydro-electric developments.
Union wage agreement.
In April 1903, officials of the Empire State Railway and Division 7373, Street Railway Employees, met to discuss a new wage agreement to go into effect the next month. The men were working for 55 cents an hour and asked for an increase to 70 cents an hour.
Company management.
On March 9, 1920, J. C. Nelson was elected president of the company at a meeting of the board of directors. He was formerly general manager and vice-president and succeeded the late H. S. Holden, who died in November 1918. Nelson was placed in charge of the company's affairs during the time the president's office was vacant. L. L. Odell, treasurer, was elected assistant general manager. 
By April 1927, officers of the company were Alexander H. Cowie, president; Talmadge C. Cherry, vice-president; Mercer V. White, secretary; and Walter K. Zinsmeister, treasurer.
Financial.
In June 1920, the total value of the Empire State Railway Corporation franchise in Syracuse as determined by the New York State Tax Commission was $72,000, down from $74,700 in 1919.
Vacation excursions.
By May 1923, a round trip to Oswego from Syracuse cost $2.30. The company advertised that "If you have never visited historic Fort Ontario and the modern U.S. Army barracks at Oswego you have missed one of the sights of Central New York. Ontario Beach promises to be more popular this year."
Another round trip to Fulton cost $1.60. Additionally, a daily excursion to Long Branch Park in Liverpool to the "Long Branch Amusement Park" cost 30 cents. The park was called "the Coney Island of Syracuse.
Tickets were sold at the "Electric Terminal" at 112 West Genesee Street where other rails such as Rochester and Syracuse Railroad and Syracuse Northern Electric Railroad also sold vacation excursions.
Rochester and Syracuse railroad.
The Rochester and Syracuse Railroad (R&S) acquired control of the Empire State Railroad in 1922. In 1930, the company leased the Port-Byron-Auburn line after the abandonment of the direct interurban between Syracuse and Auburn, however this was short lived as the entire R&S line was abandoned on June 27, 1931. 
The Oswego route of the Empire State Railway was abandoned three days earlier on June 24, 1931.
Bankruptcy.
On April 29, 1927, an order for a voluntary dissolution of the Empire State Railroad Corporation, which operated trolleys between Syracuse and Oswego under the name Empire State Railways, was signed by Justice Ernest I. Edgecomb in New York Supreme Court. At that time, trolley services were not affected.
T. C. Cherry, vice-president, was named receiver. He provided a bond of $50,000 to continue operation of the road. The order was returnable and stockholders had until June 25 of 1927 to file their objections to the dissolution of the corporation. The company had been in financial straits for some time.
Land use.
By 1974, the bed of this line was occupied by Interstate Route 690 from Syracuse to the New York State Thruway and by a Niagara Mohawk Power Line from the New York State Thruway to Baldwinsville. The area from Baldwinsville to Phoenix ran through the Three Rivers Game Management Area and was occupied by an abandoned natural gas line from a private gas well. Later, the railroad bed was reputedly owned by the various adjoining land owners. 
The railroad bed from Phoenix to Fulton was occupied by Niagara Mohawk for a gas line and a power line and the northern contained a private water line that was owned by city of Fulton.

</doc>
<doc id="31075932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075932" title="Bling Bling Bling!">
Bling Bling Bling!

Bling Bling Bling was the group's debut EP that they released independently. Mark Maxwell re-edited the songs and released them on MySpace. A music video debuted for "Alcohol", but was not sold by retailers. The album artwork was done by Fingers Crossed Photography.

</doc>
<doc id="31075945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075945" title="Thomas Parkinson (priest)">
Thomas Parkinson (priest)

Thomas Parkinson (1744 or 1745 – 13 November 1830) was a British clergymen.
He was born in Kirkham, Lancashire.
He entered Christ's College, Cambridge University in 1764 at age 19 and was senior wrangler and 2nd Smith's prizeman in 1769. He received an M.A. in 1772, a B.D. in 1789, and a D.D. in 1795.
He was Rector of Kegworth, Leicestershire from 1789 until his death. He became Archdeacon of Huntingdon from 1794 to 1812 and Archdeacon of Leicester from 1812 until his death in 1830.
He was the author of "A System of Mechanics and Hydrostatics" and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1786.
He died in Kegworth in 1830.

</doc>
<doc id="31075976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075976" title="Rajadhani Express">
Rajadhani Express

Rajadhani Express is a train service provider in Sri Lanka, a part of Blue Line Company. Rajadhani Express provides premium services on several routes in Sri Lanka, in partnership with Sri Lanka Railways. Although it does not yet operate its own trains for scheduled services, it operates carriages that are attached to trains operated by Sri Lanka Railways.
Overview.
Although Rajadhani Express carriages are attached to Sri Lanka Railways-operated trains, Rajadhani provides on-board services and markets it as a separate operation. The service is aimed at middle and upper middle-income and tourist markets. Sri Lanka Railways generates revenue by charging Rajadhani a standard first-class fare per seat. Rajadhani charges an additional premium on its passengers beyond the standard fare to provide its services.
History.
The Blue Line Company launched Rajadhani Express on October 1, 2011, with its first service on a Kandy intercity train. On the same day, a competing service was launched by Expolanka, called "ExpoRail".
Services.
Rajadhani Express serves three routes, on two major rail lines in Sri Lanka.
Rolling Stock.
Rajadhani Express uses Romanian-built ASTRA passenger coaches. Imported by Sri Lanka Railways in the 1990s, they were refurbished in 2011-2012 to Rajadhani's specifications.

</doc>
<doc id="31075979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075979" title="Rakesh Paul">
Rakesh Paul

Raksh Paule (born Rakesh Paul in Mumbai, India is an Indian Television actor, known for the roles of Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki and Jo Biwi Se Kare Pyaar. He is an alumnus of the National School of Drama.
Early life.
He hails from the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Family.
Rakesh Paul's wife name is Sunaina and currently they both live in Mumbai. He is brother of Television actor Rajev Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="31075993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31075993" title="Uteodon">
Uteodon

Uteodon is a genus of herbivorous iguanodontian dinosaur. It is a basal iguanodontian which lived during the upper Jurassic period in what is now Uintah County, Utah. It is known from the middle of the Brushy Basin Member, Morrison Formation. This genus was named by Andrew T. McDonald in 2011 and the type species is "Uteodon aphanoecetes". "U. aphanoecetes" was previously referred to as "Camptosaurus aphanoecetes", and was first described in 2008 by Carpenter and Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="31076000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076000" title="Thomas Parkinson (disambiguation)">
Thomas Parkinson (disambiguation)

Thomas Parkinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31076001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076001" title="Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival">
Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival

Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival (FLEFF) is an annual multi-arts, interdisciplinary, cross media festival in Ithaca, New York, dedicated to showcasing global media projects focusing on issues pertaining to sustainability.
History.
The Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival was launched in 1997 as an outreach project from the Center for the Environment at Cornell University, Ithaca, New York. Always dedicated to films with a message, the festival, under program director Christopher Riley, expanded to become a major regional event in upstate New York. 
In 2004, Ithaca College was the major sponsor and host of the festival. In 2005 the festival moved permanently to Ithaca College, where it is housed in the Division of Interdisciplinary and International Studies as a program to link intellectual inquiry and debate to larger global issues.
Programming.
In recent years, FLEFF moved toward incorporating new media as yet another platform to interrogate sustainability across all of its forms: economic, social, ecological, political, cultural, technological, and aesthetic. The festival is in the spirit of UNESCO’s initiative on sustainable development. This initiative has redefined and expanded environmental issues to explore the international interconnections between war, air, disease, the land, health, water, genocide, food, education, technology, cultural heritage, and diversity. Through film, video, new media, installation, performance, panels, and presentations, the festival engages vigorous debate across media and disciplines. It hosts a large number of national and transnational artists every year for a week and it showcases Ithaca College as a regional and national center for thinking differently —in new ways, interfaces, and forms— about the environment and sustainability.
As of March 2012, FLEFF was co-directed by professor of cinema, photography, and media arts Patricia Zimmerman and professor of politics Thomas Shevory at Ithaca College.

</doc>
<doc id="31076004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076004" title="Osmakasaurus">
Osmakasaurus

Osmakasaurus is a genus of herbivorous iguanodontian dinosaur. It is a basal iguanodontian which lived during the lower Cretaceous period (Valanginian age) in what is now Buffalo Gap of South Dakota, USA. It is known from the Chilson Member of the Lakota Formation. This genus was named by Andrew T. McDonald in 2011 and the type species is "Osmakasaurus depressus". "O. depressus" was previously referred to as "Camptosaurus depressus", and was first described in 1909 by Charles W. Gilmore.

</doc>
<doc id="31076035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076035" title="Jena-Auerstedt Campaign Order of Battle">
Jena-Auerstedt Campaign Order of Battle

The Jena-Auerstedt Campaign Order of Battle is listed below. The order of battle includes units from the First French Empire and the Kingdom of Prussia that fought each other in the campaign that included the decisive Battle of Jena-Auerstedt on 14 October 1806. The order of battle may be useful to trace the battles of Schleiz and Saalfeld, which occurred before Jena-Auerstedt, as well as battles and capitulations that happened after 14 October, such as Erfurt, Halle, Prenzlau, Pasewalk, Stettin, Waren-Nossentin, and Lübeck.
French Grande Armée.
Emperor Napoleon I 
Reserve Artillery.
General of Brigade Boyvin de Lamartinière
Imperial Guard.
Marshals François Joseph Lefebvre and Jean-Baptiste Bessières (8,725, 42 guns)
I Corps.
Marshal Jean-Baptiste Bernadotte (21,163, 50 guns)
III Corps.
Marshal Louis Nicolas Davout (28,936, 46 guns)
IV Corps.
Marshal Nicolas Soult (28,960, 52 guns)
V Corps.
Marshal Jean Lannes (21,744, 38 guns)
VI Corps.
Marshal Michel Ney (19,267, 24 guns)
VII Corps.
Marshal Pierre Augereau (17,672, 36 guns)
Reserve Cavalry.
Marshal Joachim Murat (19,629, 26 guns)
Prussian Army.
Commander-in-chief: King Frederick William II of Prussia
Brunswick's Main Army.
Duke of Brunswick
Kalkreuth's Reserve Corps.
General of Infantry Friedrich Adolf, Count von Kalckreuth
Rüchel's Corps.
General of Infantry Ernst von Rüchel
Württemberg's Reserve.
General Eugene Frederick Henry, Duke of Württemberg
References.
"Chandler was used almost exclusively for the French order of battle. Smith was used for the Prussian order of battle, except that Chandler's artillery compositions are given. Smith's Prussian strengths are used, which are lower than Chandler's." 
External references.
"The following websites are excellent sources for the full names of French and Prussian generals."

</doc>
<doc id="31076038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076038" title="2011–12 FC Barcelona season">
2011–12 FC Barcelona season

The 2011–12 season was Futbol Club Barcelona's 112th in existence and the club's 81st consecutive season in the top flight of Spanish football. Barcelona debuted their new and first paid shirt sponsor Qatar Foundation after an agreement was reached in 2010 with the non-profit organization for a 5½ years, €170 million deal. The agreement with UNICEF continued and their name had been moved to the lower back portion of the shirt.
The year also introduced a new away kit in black while the third jersey was the same as the 2010–11 season.
Barcelona was unsuccessful in defending two major trophies. They ended the La Liga season as runners-up, 9 points behind winners Real Madrid who finished with 100 points having clinched the league title by defeating Athletic Bilbao 3–0 on 2 May 2012. Barcelona's UEFA Champions League campaign ended in the semi-finals after a 2–3 aggregate loss against eventual winners Chelsea. Pep Guardiola stepped down as manager at the conclusion of the season, which ended on a high as Barcelona won the Copa del Rey.
Barcelona's U-19 squad played in the inaugural tournament of the NextGen series. After finishing first in their group during the group stage, they were eliminated by Ajax in the quarter-finals of the tournament.
Season overview.
May/June.
On 31 May, Sevilla confirmed they exercised their right to purchase defender Martín Cáceres, who spent the 2010–11 season on loan with the club from Barcelona. Barcelona received €4.5 million in compensation after making the loan a permanent move.
July.
On 2 July, Barcelona parted ways with midfielder Víctor Sánchez after both parties agreed to rescind the player's contract. Sánchez made 14 appearances with the first team in the 2007–2008 and 2008–2009 seasons. He was on-loan at Xerez for the 2009–10 season and at Getafe for the 2010–11 season.
On 4 July, defender Andreu Fontàs was promoted to the first team after spending the previous season filling in for an injured Éric Abidal, who had been diagnosed with a liver tumour.
On 21 July, Barcelona completed the transfer of Chilean winger Alexis Sánchez from Italian club Udinese. The deal is for 5 years and the cost of the transfer is €26 million with variable cost of €11.5 million.
On 22 July, Barcelona transferred La Masia graduate Bojan Krkić to Italian outfit Roma for €12 million and the agreement includes an obligatory re-purchase clause to be exercised by Barcelona at the end of the 2012–13 season, for a cost of €13 million. Roma may override this re-purchase at this time by paying the club an additional €28 million.
August.
On 3 August, Portuguese club Sporting Lisbon made official the signing of another Barcelona's La Masia graduate, winger Jeffrén Suárez on a 5 year deal. The transfer deal was worth €3.7 million and includes a €30 million buyout clause.
On 4 August, Barcelona and Argentine centre-back Gabriel Milito reached an agreement to terminate his contract after four years with the team. He then signed with Argentine club Independiente.
On 14 August, both Barcelona and English club Arsenal announced on their official websites respectively, an agreement for the transfer of Spanish international midfielder Cesc Fàbregas. The deal will cost Barcelona €29 million with €11 million in variables and end one of the longest transfer sagas in football. On the same day, Barcelona and Real Madrid kicked off the 2011–12 season with a 2–2 draw at the Santiago Bernabéu in the first leg of the 2011 Supercopa de España in front of a full house.
On 17 August, Barcelona won the Supercopa de España with a thrilling 3–2 win and a 5–4 aggregate over rivals Real Madrid. The match ended with several sending offs for a brawl started after Barcelona players deemed a tackle by Marcelo on Cesc Fàbregas to be dangerous play. David Villa, Mesut Özil and Marcelo all received their marching orders after calm was restored. Real Madrid manager José Mourinho and Barça's assistant Tito Vilanova were also involved in a small physical altercation. Goals from Andrés Iniesta and a brace, including the game winner, by Lionel Messi assured Barça started their season with a trophy by claiming their tenth Supercopa all time.
On 19 August, the Association of Spanish Footballers (AFE) went on strike due to unpaid wages for players in the top two divisions of Spanish football by clubs who have gone into financial administration. The AFE and Liga de Fútbol Profesional (LFP) have yet to agreed on a guaranteed fund to protect players' wages in the event of their clubs being declared insolvent. The strike forced Spanish league games scheduled for the weekend of 20 and 21 August, including Barcelona's season opener against Málaga, to be postponed.
On 25 August, Lionel Messi was voted the winner of the inaugural UEFA Best Player in Europe Award for the 2010–11 season over team-mate Xavi and Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo.
On 26 August, Barcelona won the UEFA Super Cup with a 2–0 victory over Portuguese outfit Porto in Monaco. The victory gave Barça their fourth UEFA Super Cup trophy all time and saw Fàbregas score his first goal with a Barcelona shirt in the 88th minute.
September.
On 10 September, back from the FIFA international break, Barcelona could only draw 2–2 with Real Sociedad at Anoeta. Barça also lost Alexis Sánchez for approximately 6–8 weeks after the player tore his hamstring in his right leg after a tackle by Sociedad's Dani Estrada.
On 13 September, Barcelona opened their UEFA Champions League campaign with a 2–2 draw against Milan at the Camp Nou. Midfielder Andrés Iniesta left in the 38th minute with a tore femoral biceps on his left leg and will miss approximately a month.
On 17 September, after two consecutive draws Barcelona trashed Osasuna 8–0 at Camp Nou. Lionel Messi scored a hat-trick and lead Barça to their biggest win of the season. Osasuna coach José Luis Mendilibar stated, "we've caught them very angry due to their so called mini-crisis", while Barça's coach Pep Guardiola stated in regards to the "mini-crisis", "the day I see them not running, that their bellies are full, I'll sit here to tell you all . When we play bad, believe me I'll come here and tell you all. But I did not have that sensation".
On 28 September, Barcelona defeated BATE Borisov 0–5 at the Dynama Stadium in their first meeting in Group H of the Champions League. Lionel Messi scored a brace and tied László Kubala for 2nd place on the all-time goals scoring list for Barcelona with 194 goals.
October.
On 2 October, Barcelona defeated Sporting Gijón 0–1 at El Molinón to take over 1st place in La Liga's standings for the first time this season. A lone goal by Adriano was enough to see the team go top by goal difference over Levante.
On 19 October, Barcelona notched its second Champions League victory of the season by defeating Czech side Viktoria Plzeň 2–0 at the Camp Nou.
On 22 October, Barça were held scoreless for the first time in the young season by a heroic performance from Sevilla's GK Javi Varas. The match ended with a scoreless draw after Lionel Messi's penalty kick was saved by Varas in injury time. The match towards the end was marred by a small brawl between Frédéric Kanouté and Cesc Fàbregas as the latter took offense to Kanouté kicking the ball from the penalty spot after Messi had placed it to take the spot kick. After the match, Fàbregas was accused of racially abusing Kanouté, which the player vehemently denied and at the end both players apologized over the incident by telephone.
On 25 October, Barcelona traveled to Los Cármenes to take on Granada where they escaped with a 0–1 victory after a 33rd minute goal from a free-kick by Xavi. Barça also lost FW Pedro for approximately three weeks due to an strained tendons in his left ankle.
November.
On 1 November, the 23-men shortlist for the 2011 FIFA Ballon d’Or was released with 8 Barcelona players. They include Éric Abidal, Dani Alves, Cesc Fàbregas, Andrés Iniesta, Lionel Messi, Gerard Piqué, David Villa and Xavi. Later that night, Barcelona defeated Viktoria Plzeň 0–4 in Prague at the Synot Tip Arena with a hat-trick by Messi and assured their progress into the knock-out stage. With the three goals, he surpassed the 200 goal mark as a Barcelona player in Pep Guardiola's 200th game as first team manager. Goalkeeper Víctor Valdés broke the team record for most minutes without conceding a goal at 877 consecutive minutes. He surpasses Miguel Reina record of 824 minutes set in the 1972–73 season.
On 9 November, the first leg of the Round of 16 of the Copa del Rey was moved up due to Barcelona's involvement in the 2011 FIFA Club World Cup in December. Barça won the match 0–1 with a strike outside the area by Andrés Iniesta in the 42nd minute.
On 22 November, assistant coach Tito Vilanova was successfully operated for problem in his parotid gland. The club did not release anymore information on the matter due to the coach's wish to have everything remain private. The next day, Barcelona defeated Milan at the San Siro 2–3 in a thrilling European encounter to win Group H.
On 26 November, Barça lost its first official match of the season with a 1–0 defeat at Getafe with a goal by Juan Valera in the 67th minute. The defeat leaves Barcelona 6 points behind Real Madrid with 2 matches to go for the first "el Clásico" of the season.
December.
On 10 December, the first Clásico of the season was contested at the Bernabéu with Barça securing a 1–3 victory over their great rivals. Real Madrid's forward Karim Benzema scored the fastest goal in el Clásico history after getting one past goalkeeper Víctor Valdés off two deflections 24 seconds into the match. Within 30 minutes, Barça equalized with a strike from Alexis followed by a goal by Fàbregas, making it 3 years running that their big summer transfers score in the first Clásico of the season.
On 15 December, David Villa fractured his tibia while attempting to score in Barça's 0–4 FIFA Club World Cup semi-final victory over Qatari club Al-Sadd. The injury will sideline the player for 4 to 6 months, possibly causing him to miss the UEFA Euro 12.
On 18 December, Barcelona claimed the Club World Cup with a 0–4 victory over Brazilian club Santos in Japan. A brace from Lionel Messi and strikes from Xavi and Fabregas gave Barça their 5th title in 2011 and their second title in this competition.
On 22 December, Barcelona defeated L'Hospitalet in the second leg of the Copa del Rey 9–0 (10–0 aggregate). Strikes from Pedro, Iniesta, Xavi, Thiago, Cristian Tello and Isaac Cuenca sealed what was another superb display of talent and command on the pitch by the Catalans. The latter three scored a brace each and the win helped the team proceed to the next round of the competition where they face Osasuna at Camp Nou in a first leg Round of 16 tie.
January.
On 4 January, Barça started off the year with a 4–0 victory over Osasuna in their Round of 16 tie at the Camp Nou. Lionel Messi came off the bench to score 2 goals in the last 20 minutes after he was left off the team sheet earlier in the day due to the flu.
On 8 January, the "derbi barceloní" ended in a 1–1 draw with goals by Cesc Fàbregas (16th minute) for Barcelona and Álvaro Vázquez (86th minute) for Espanyol. Barcelona RB Dani Alves was racially abused by the Espanyol fans throughout the match and prompted the Espanyol coach Mauricio Pochettino to "condemn the actions of his fans".
On 9 January, Lionel Messi was awarded the 2011 FIFA Ballon d'Or and Pep Guardiola received the FIFA Coach of the Year award in Zürich. With the award, Messi wins his third consecutive Ballon d'Or, joining Michel Platini, Marco van Basten and Johan Cruyff as the only three time winners, and the first since Platini to win it three consecutive years.
On 11 January, Barça and French club Paris Saint-Germain agreed to the transfer of Brazilian left back Maxwell for €4 million.
On 12 January, Barcelona defeated Osasuna 1–2 at the Reyno de Navarra to move on to the Copa del Rey quarter-finals where they'll meet Real Madrid for another round of Clásicos. CB Andreus Fontàs will miss the rest of the year when he suffered a torn ACL in the 14th minute of play. Pedro will also be sidelined for 10 days due to a minor hamstring injury.
On 15 January, Barcelona defeated Real Betis 4–2 to remain 5 points back in 2nd place in La Liga table. With the victory, Pep Guardiola notched his 100th win in the Primera División, only needing 132 matches to accomplish the feat.
On 18 January, Barça defeated Real Madrid at the Bernabéu in consecutive months, by a 1–2 scoreline. Goals by defenders Carles Puyol and Éric Abidal secured the comeback victory in the first leg. The match did not end without some controversy as Real Madrid's defender Pepe seemed to have stepped on Lionel Messi's hand while the latter was sitting on the ground. The player escaped without sanction from the referee even though the action was viewed by every camera angle at the stadium.
On 22 January, the postponed Week 1 match against Málaga due to the player's strike was played at La Rosadela with Barça taking a 1–4 victory. A Lionel Messi hat-trick provided all three points for Barcelona to keep pace on Real Madrid for the title.
On 25 January, Barcelona eliminated Real Madrid from the Copa del Rey with a 2–2 draw at Camp Nou to win the tie 4–3 on aggregate and reached their 50th semi-final all time in the competition.
On 29 January, Barça were held to a scoreless draw by Villarreal at the El Madrigal to put them 7 points behind league leaders Real Madrid. Two days later, Isaac Cuenca extended his contract until 30 June 2015 and was officially promoted to the first-team.
February.
On 8 February, Barcelona defeated Valencia 2–0 at Camp Nou and 3–1 on aggregate to advance to their 34th Copa del Rey final. Goals from Cesc Fàbregas and Xavi to set up a rematch of the 2009 final against Athletic Bilbao.
On 11 February, Barcelona suffered their second loss of the season, 3–2 to Osasuna in Pamplona. With the loss, the team continued to show their struggles in the league away from the Camp Nou, dropping ten points behind leaders Real Madrid.
On 14 February, Barcelona defeated Bayer Leverkusen at the BayArena with a 3–1 win in their Champions League first leg encounter to move closer to qualifying for the quarter-finals. Alexis Sánchez scored his first two goals in the Champions League in first start.
On 19 February, Barcelona notched their 15th win in La Liga against Valencia with a 5–1 scoreline at Camp Nou to keep pace with Real Madrid. Lionel Messi celebrated his 200th match in La Liga by scoring 4 goals.
On 26 February, Barcelona defeated Atlético Madrid with a 1–2 scoreline at the Vicente Calderón. Lionel Messi was booked in the 8th minute for a handball and will miss his first match in his career due to cards accumulation.
March.
On 3 March, Barcelona defeated Sporting Gijón with a 3–1 score despite playing with 10 men for more than half-an-hour after Gerard Piqué was sent off at the start of the 2nd half.
On 7 March, Barcelona defeated Bayer Leverkusen 7–1 with Lionel Messi becoming the first player to score five goals in a match in the Champions League era. Cristian Tello made a great debut in the competition by scoring his first two goals to complete the Barça rout.
On 11 March, Barcelona defeated Racing Santander 0–2 in Cantabria to notch their 18th win in La Liga. The goals were scored by Lionel Messi to take his season total to 50 goals with more than two months left in the season.
On 15 March, Barcelona announced that defender Éric Abidal will have "a liver transplant as a result of the progress of his liver disease" and will miss the rest of the season. No further information was made available "at the express wish of the player, the club requested the utmost respect for the right to privacy and confidentiality."
On 17 March, Barcelona defeated Sevilla 0–2 at the Ramón Sánchez Pizjuán. The first goal was scored off a stunning freekick by Xavi in the 17th minute and the second by Messi in the 24th minute after a great display of team passing.
On 20 March, Barcelona beat Granada 5–3 at Camp Nou behind a historic hat-trick by Lionel Messi. Messi took his career tally to 234 goals as a Barcelona player and surpassed César Rodríguez as the all time top scorer for the club in competitive matches.
On 28 March, Barcelona and Milan finished 0–0 at San Siro in their 1st leg quarter-finals encounter in the Champions League. The next day, Barça filed a complaint with UEFA over the state of the pitch after both clubs agreed it would be in suitable conditions to play. Barça's manager Guardiola, "it is bad for the spectacle, but to be champions we must overcome all adversities. We have done this many times, although people say otherwise."
April.
On 3 April, Barcelona advanced to its fifth consecutive Champions League semi-finals with a 3–1 victory (3–1 on aggregate) over Milan. Lionel Messi scored two penalties to take his season tally to 14 goals and set a new record in the Champions League era.
On 4 April, Barcelona announced that Barcelona B defender Marc Muniesa signed an extension to his contract and will be promoted to the first team for the 2012–13 season.
On 10 April, Barcelona defeated Getafe 4–0 at Camp Nou to sleep one point behind league leaders Real Madrid. The victory was dedicated to defender Éric Abidal who underwent a liver transplant, from players and coaches at the post-game press conference.
On 14 April, Barcelona came back to defeat Levante 1–2 at the Ciutat de València. Lionel Messi lead with a brace and took his tally to 41 goals in the league, that left him tied with Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo for the league lead. They also surpassed the record of 40 goals in a season set by Cristiano Ronaldo last season.
On 18 April, Barcelona lost its first match in this season's Champions League, 1–0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in London. Even though they dominated every aspect of the match, they were defeated at the stroke of halftime by the lone goal scored by Didier Drogba.
On 21 April, Barcelona lost their second game in row after being defeated at Camp Nou by fierce rival Real Madrid with a scoreline of 1–2 in "El Clásico". Sami Khedira, Alexis Sánchez, and Cristiano Ronaldo provided the goals.
On 24 April, Barcelona drew 2–2 with Chelsea in the 2nd leg semi-final of the Champions League at the Camp Nou. Sergio Busquets and Andrés Iniesta put Barcelona up 2–0 by the 44th minute as the Spanish club again dominated possession from the start - owning 73% for the game. In between those goals, Chelsea captain John Terry was given a straight red card for putting his knee into the back of Alexis Sánchez, as Barcelona seemed well on its way to reach a third final in four years making a Chelsea fightback look even more unlikely. But Ramires lobbed a shot right before half-time giving the advantage back to his team on aggregate, and the Spanish giants never found a way to recover after the break. After Lionel Messi blasted a penalty off the crossbar in the 59th minute and came close once again with another, Chelsea keeper Petr Čech making a diving effort to slightly alter the ball's path to the post. Substitute Fernando Torres dribbled round Víctor Valdés to score in added time to make it 2–3 on aggregate and sealed Barcelona's elimination from Europe.
On 27 April, manager Josep Guardiola announced he would step down as coach at the end of the season. His record of 13 trophies in 4 seasons has made him the most successful coach in Barcelona's history. At the press conference in which Barcelona confirmed Guardiola's exit, the team also announced that he would be succeeded by current assistant Tito Vilanova. Vilanova will begin leading the first team at the start of the 2012–13 season.
May.
On 2 May, Barcelona defeated Málaga 4–1 at the Camp Nou. Lionel Messi scored a hat-trick and took his season tally to 68 goals in all competitions, passing Gerd Müller's record of 67 goals in the 1972–73 season.
On 5 May, Barcelona took the second leg of the "derbi barceloní" with a 4–0 victory over Espanyol. Lionel Messi scored four times and became the first player in La Liga to score 50 goals in a season. It was also an emotional farewell match for Pep Guardiola in his last home game as Barça's manager.
On 12 May, Barcelona drew their last league game of the season at the Benito Villamarín 2–2 against Real Betis. Barça finished 9 points off the league winner Real Madrid while Lionel Messi finished with 50 league goals to win the Pichichi Trophy and European Golden Boot as the league's top scorer and Víctor Valdés claimed the Zamora Trophy.
On 25 May, Barcelona claimed its 26th Copa del Rey with a 0–3 victory over Athletic Bilbao at the Vicente Calderón in Madrid. Pedro scored twice while Messi added the third in the seventh final contested between the two teams.
Players.
Squad information.
Total squad cost: €187.5M
From the youth system.
"Updated 13 August 2011"
Transfers in.
Total spending: €60 million
Transfers out.
Total income: €46.75 million.
Expenditure: €13.25 million

</doc>
<doc id="31076058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076058" title="Subhash C. Kashyap">
Subhash C. Kashyap

Dr. Subhash C. Kashyap () born 10 May 1929) is a former Secretary-General of 7th Lok Sabha, 8th Lok Sabha and 9th Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat (Lower House of Parliament of India) from 1984 to 1990. He is well known Political Scientist, expert in Indian Constitution, Constitutional Law, Parliamentary Experts and distinguished scholar. He also headed an International Centre for Parliamentary Documentation,IPU at Geneva till 1983. He was Honorary Constitutional Advisor to the Government of India on Panchayati Raj Laws and Institutions. He is also Recipient of several prestigious awards for the Best Books in Constitution, Law and Political Science. At present Dr. Kashyap is an Honorary Research Professor at the Centre for Policy Research (CPR), New Delhi. 
He was also a Member of the National Commission to Review the Working of Constitution and Chairman of its Drafting and Editorial Committee.
Early life.
Dr. Kashyap had his higher education and professional training at Allahabad.
Career.
Dr. Kashyap began career at Allahabad as Journalist, Advocate and University Teacher. He joined the Parliament Secretariat in 1953 and was associated with Parliament of India for over 37 yrs. He became Secretary-General of Lok Sabha in 31 Dec 1983. He took voluntary retirement in 1990 from the Post of Secretary-General, Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat, Parliament of India. Dr. Kashyap had an outstanding academic career with higher education and professional training in India, U.S.A., U.K., and Switzerland.
Awards.
He was Awarded Honorary title of Commander and degree of H.O.A.S.F. (Honorary Order of the Academy of San Francisco) for services in the field of Constitutional Law. He received Motilal Nehru award two times, and the Coveted Jawaharlal Nehru Fellowship of 1996-98; also received 'Vidur Samman', 'Rajiv Smriti Samman', 'Vidhi Seva Samman' and 'Great Son of the Soil A Award' and many more awards.
Published Works.
He has published more than 500 research articles and papers and over 100 books. His Popular Books are :

</doc>
<doc id="31076062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076062" title="Jalan Cochrane, Kuala Lumpur">
Jalan Cochrane, Kuala Lumpur

Jalan Cochrane is an area in Kuala Lumpur city, Malaysia. It was named after the British General Advisor of Johor, Charles Walter Hamilton Cochrane, British Resident of Perak, (1929–1930). There are many government quarters in this area. 

</doc>
<doc id="31076071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076071" title="Hoplia argentea">
Hoplia argentea

Hoplia argentea is a species of scarabaeid beetle belonging to the subfamily Melolonthinae.
These flower-loving scarabs, quite common in the mountains, are present in most of Europe. Their body is covered with pale green, bluish-green or yellow ocher scales. The legs in males are black with longer hind legs, while in the female they are reddish and the body colour is brown.
The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered from May through September in orchards, meadows and clearings feeding on flowers, especially Apiaceae species. The larvae develop in the soil feeding on roots of various plants during the summer, then hibernate, emerging as adults in spring.

</doc>
<doc id="31076081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076081" title="John Richardson (drummer)">
John Richardson (drummer)

John Louis Richardson (born May 13, 1964 in Champaign, Illinois) is an American drummer who has worked in rock and alt-country with such artists as 2012 CMA Song of the Year nominee Will Hoge, Gin Blossoms, Badfinger and Wilco guitarist Jay Bennett. He is also owner of Drum Farm Studio in Menomonie, Wisconsin.
Career.
Early career.
John Louis Richardson started his professional career in 1980 with seminal Champaign-Urbana band The Martyrs. John was a founding member, along with fellow high school friends Kent Whitesell, Chris Bowe and Charles Andrews. The Martyrs reunited in 2010 for the re-release of their eponymous first album (originally released in 1983) and two live shows at the High Dive in Champaign, Illinois, on January 21 and January 22, 2011. He also played in Champaign-Urbana bands Nix86 and The Vertebrats.
Tommy Keene.
On the release of Tommy Keene's "Based on Happy Times" in 1989, Richardson was recruited to play drums for the subsequent tour (along with Brad Quinn on bass) opening for The Replacements. He played on all Tommy Keene's following albums and tours from 1992 to 2009.
Joey Molland of Badfinger.
Richardson was tagged to play drums for Joey Molland (Badfinger) in 1990. He has toured the US, Canada and Europe with Molland/Badfinger and played drums on Molland's solo album, "The Pilgrim", released in 1992.
Gin Blossoms.
From 2008 to 2012, Richardson played drums for the Gin Blossoms, touring all over the world and recording on their 2010 album, "No Chocolate Cake". The band announced on its website on March 4, 2012, that Richardson had left the band to pursue other recording and performing projects. The band stated in its news release, "John is a great drummer and all of us support his passion for recording. We all wish him the very best and thank him for all his hard work and dedication."
Will Hoge.
Richardson played with Will Hoge in 2012, touring across the US and playing the venerable Grand Ole Opry.
Associations.
Touring.
Richardson has toured with many artists, including Will Hoge, Gin Blossoms, Badfinger, Tommy Keene, Shoes, Catchpenny, Adam Schmitt, Garrison Starr, Tim Easton, The Bad Examples, Ralph's World, Three Hour Tour, Weird Summer and the Bay City Rollers. He has toured throughout the United States and in Canada, Japan, England, France, Spain, Holland, Belgium, The Philippines, Brazil, Kuwait, Iraq, El Salvador and Honduras.
Recording.
In the studio, he has played drums for Gin Blossoms, Joey Molland (Badfinger), Paul Chastain (Velvet Crush, Matthew Sweet), Tommy Keene, Shoes, Adam Schmitt, Keene Brothers (Robert Pollard and Tommy Keene), Garrison Starr, Robynn Ragland, The Bad Examples, Three Hour Tour, Weird Summer, Jay Bennett (Wilco), Billy Davis (Foghat), Randy Forte & the Reconstruction and The Dygmies.
He has worked with producers Jonathan Pines, Adam Schmitt and Mark Rubel (Champaign); Ken Coomer formerly of Wilco and Uncle Tupelo, Tom Bukovac and Joe Baldridge (Nashville); R Walt Vincent and Danny Wilde of The Rembrandts (Los Angeles); Otto D'Agnolo (Phoenix); Willie Wells [http://wwsound.cyberlynk.net] (Woodstock, New York); and Jeff Murphy of Shoes (Chicago).
Fellow musicians.
Richardson has performed and/or recorded with musicians including Tom Bukovac, Audley Freed (Black Crowes), John Lancaster (Gary Allan), David LaBruyere (John Mayer), Brad Rice (Keith Urban), Brad Jones (Matthew Sweet, Tommy Keene), Ethan Pilzer (Billy Joe Shaver, Jewel, Big & Rich, Jay Bennett (Wilco) and Paul Chastain (Velvet Crush, Matthew Sweet).
Media.
Television appearances.
Richardson has performed on Fox News All-American New Year's Eve and 12 News Phoenix - Downtown Goes Live (with Gin Blossoms), Late Night with Conan O'Brien (with Tommy Keene), WGN News (with Shoes and WGN Morning News (with Ralph's World).
Equipment.
Richardson is currently sponsored by Maple Works Drums, Evans Drumheads, Paiste Cymbals, Vic Firth, Groove Juice, Slug Percussion, Heritage Cajon and Alien Ears.

</doc>
<doc id="31076089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076089" title="Daphnopsis hellerana">
Daphnopsis hellerana

Daphnopsis hellerana is a rare species of flowering plant in the "Daphnopsis" genus of family Thymelaeaceae, the "Daphne" family. It is endemic to Puerto Rico, where there were only four populations remaining in 1992, with a total of 125 individuals. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 1988. 
This is a shrub or evergreen tree which is limited to limestone substrates on the island of Puerto Rico. It grows in moist forest habitat among almacigo ("Bursera simaruba"), copey ("Clusia rosea"), holywood ("Guaiacum sanctum"), pigeonplum ("Coccoloba diversifolia"), and other plants.
This shrub or tree grows to 6 meters in maximum height. The leaves have oval blades up to 13 centimeters long by 6 wide. New leaves are golden in color. Mature leaves are green and hairless on the upper surface, drying to reddish brown. The plant is dioecious with male and female flowers occurring on separate plants. Male plants have small, hairy, tubular flowers under a centimeter long. The female plants bear smaller, hairy, bell-shaped flowers under half a centimeter long. Flowering occurs in February through April. The fruit is a white berry under two centimeters in length and containing one seed. The plants in two of the populations yield many seedlings, but the other two sites have few, suggesting the sex ratio there may be skewed toward one sex or the other.
The plant was first discovered in 1900 but not recorded again until 1958. Three of the four populations are in Toa Baja, and the fourth is in Isabela. It has probably always been quite rare, but the remaining plants face threats. Deforestation has limited the amount of remaining habitat for this and other endemics, such as "Cornutia obovata". Forests have been cleared for agriculture, including grazing operations and yam farms, and the trees are consumed for construction wood and for charcoal. The quarrying of limestone in the hills where the plant occurs threatens the ecosystem.

</doc>
<doc id="31076094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076094" title="AM-2232">
AM-2232

AM-2232 (1-(4-cyanobutyl)-3-(naphthalen-1-oyl)indole) is a drug that acts as a potent but unselective agonist for the cannabinoid receptors, with a Ki of 0.28nM at CB1 and 1.48nM at CB2.

</doc>
<doc id="31076102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076102" title="Mieczysław Jałowiecki">
Mieczysław Jałowiecki

Mieczysław Pieriejasławski-Jałowiecki (2 December 1876 - 1962 or 1963) was a Polish diplomat, agronomist, writer and nobleman.
Mieczysław was born in his family manor in Saldutiškis (Syłgudyszki) on the lands of the partitioned Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (then in the Russian Empire, now in Lithuania), or in Rostov-on-Don. His mother, Anela, was a sister of Stanisław Witkiewicz; she was also a distant relative of the Piłsudski family. His father, Bolesław, was an engineer and a governmental official, the grandson of a Russian Army general who sided with the Polish 1830-31 insurgents during the November Uprising and was sentenced to death, but pardoned.
He graduated from the Riga Technical University, studying agronomics and chemistry, finishing agronomics studies. He also served in the Russian army, and continued studies at the University of Bonn. Before World War I he worked for the Russian government (Ministry of Agriculture) as the agricultural consul in Germany, was a director or a board members of several organizations, including a local bank, and presided over the sejmik of local nobility (szlachta). His agricultural possessions (in Syłgudyszki and Otulany) were seen as model by many in Lithuania, he was frequently visited by other land owners interested in his methods; he also gave talks and presentations on the agronomic subjects.
During World War I he served in the civilian arm of the Russian Army, reaching the rank of colonel. After the war he found that his estates had been taken over by the German administration, whose representatives refused to turn them over to him. At the same time, he was worried by the worsening relations between Poles and Lithuanians. He was a vocal representative of the many among the local Polish nobility who wanted to reach a compromise solution with the Lithuanians (the krajowcy); he was involved in direct negotiations with the Lithuanian president Antanas Smetona. Machaliński, in his biographical sketch of Jałowiecki, writes that he was "shocked by the growing hostility of Lithuanians towards the Poles". Jałowiecki himself, after the failure of his attempt to reach a compromise with the Lithuanian authorities, wrote: "For me and many of my compatriotes... who were raised in the spirit of love for Lithuania, Lithuanian people... this new direction was totally incomprehensible." As the tensions between Poles and Lithuanians grew, he became involved in the organization of self-defense foces, and was one of the members of the delgation from the Vilnius region to Józef Piłsudski in Warsaw, requesting his aid (that would eventually take the form of the Vilna offensive).
In Warsaw, he begun working for the government of Second Polish Republic, employed as a diplomat for the Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs; he was the Polish government's delegate to Gdańsk (Danzig) in the years 1919-1920. In Gdańsk he was involved with Herbert Hoover's American Relief Administration. Afterwards, unable to return to his Lithuanian homeland, he bought a new estate in Kamień, near Kalisz. The Syłgudyszki, looted during the war, was converted by the Lithuanian state into administrative offices and a primary school while the former barn was converted into a parish church.
After German invasion of Poland he left for the United Kingdom, where he was a politician and social activist in the Polish government in exile. He stayed in the UK after the war. Till his death he was involved in the activities of the British Polonia, publishing books and brochures about agronomics and about his homeland. In 1962 he died near London.
Mieczysław was also a writer, and has published several books in the Polish language about his diplomatic career and on agronomic subjects. He also wrote a diary trilogy, describing his life in "Na skraju imperium", "Wolne Miasto" and "Requiem dla ziemiaństwa".
Works.
year of death. Machaliński states that he died in 1962, as does Marek Jerzy Minakowski in his genealology database, Similarly, sources disagree on his place of birth. Machaliński and Minakowski both give Syłgudyszki, but Kulas names Rostov-on-Don, and Rostov is mentioned as his place of birth in his biographical sketch in his diaries.

</doc>
<doc id="31076123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076123" title="Persido Donggala">
Persido Donggala

Persido stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Donggala (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Donggala"). Persido Donggala is an Indonesian football club based in Donggala Regency, Central Sulawesi. Club played at Liga Indonesia Third Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31076126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076126" title="Noothankal">
Noothankal

Noothankal or Nuthankal is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Nuthankal mandal includes: Venkepally,Bikkumalla, Chandupatla, Chilpakuntla, Chinna Nemilla, Dirishanpally, G. Kotha Pally, Gorentla, Lingampally, Machanpally, Maddirala, Mamilla Madava, Miryala, Mukundapuram, Nuthankal, Pande Pally, Pedda Nemilla,
Polumalla, Somla Thanda, Thalla Singarm, Yedavelly, Yerraphad etc..
External links.
Bikumalla village is a boarder village of Nalgonda district. This village connects Nalgonda and Warangal districts. Ganga Bhavani temple is very famous temple. Maripeda Bangla is a nearest town from Bikumalla village(12 km) and from Mandal headquarters the distance is around 8 km.
Paaleru Kenal (Eeru) flowing through Bikumalla village.

</doc>
<doc id="31076130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076130" title="John Oldershaw">
John Oldershaw

John Oldershaw (died 1847) was a British clergyman.
He entered Emmanuel College, Cambridge University in 1771 and was senior wrangler and 1st Smith's prizeman in 1776. He received an M.A. in 1779, a B.D. in 1786.
He was Archdeacon of Norfolk from 1797 to 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="31076137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076137" title="Carry Nation (opera)">
Carry Nation (opera)

Carry Nation is an opera in a prologue and 2 acts by composer Douglas Moore which is based on the life of temperance activist Carrie Nation. The work uses an English-language libretto by W. N. Jayme. The opera was commissioned by the University of Kansas in commemoration of the school's 100th anniversary. The premiere performance was given at KU's Murphy Hall on April 28, 1966 with a cast headlined by four professional opera singers brought in for the event, and the supporting cast supplied by KU's music and theatre students. Lewin Goff staged the production and Robert Baustian conducted. The opera was subsequently given its first professional production at the San Francisco Opera in June 1966 under the baton of Herbert Grossman. The New York City Opera mounted the first New York production in March 1968 and released a recording of the work in 1969. All three of these initial stagings and the recording starred mezzo-soprano Beverly Wolff in the title role.

</doc>
<doc id="31076140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076140" title="Qiemo Town">
Qiemo Town

The oasis town of Qiemo or Cherchen (, ; Uighur: Qarqan, also spelled Charchan) is the capital of Qiemo County, of the Bayingolin Mongol Autonomous Prefecture, Xinjiang, China is on the Qiemo River, at the foot of the Qilian Mountains, on the old Southern Silk Route. Anciently the town, and the kingdom it controlled, were frequently known as Shanshan.
Geography.
Qiemo was strategically located at the junction of the main route from Dunhuang to Khotan via Jingjue or Cadota – the so-called “Niya site” north of modern Minfeng (also referred to as 'Niya', a route almost directly north to Korla, and another route which went south through the mountains, and around the southern shore of Qinghai Lake, and then on via Xining to eastern China. Qiemo is 315 km east of Niya/Minfeng, 605 km east of Hotan, and 351 km west of Charklik/Ruoqiang Town along Highway 315.
History.
The Qiemo area has a very ancient history dating back to the Bronze Age. It is located along the ancient 'Jade Road' that traded with the earliest Chinese dynasties, and Bronze Age rock carvings were found south of town along another ancient trade route to what is now Tibet and a forgotten back door to central China. Mummies dated to 1,000 BCE were discovered at the Zaghunluq site less than six km southwest of the city center of Qiemo. A particularly well-preserved one is known as the Cherchen Man.
Qiemo existed as an independent kingdom during the Former Han Dynasty (123 BC to AD 23). It was described in the "Hanshu", chapter 96A thus:
The area was ruled as the kingdom of Calmadana during the earliest heyday of the Silk Road. Its fortunes have since ebbed and flowed, mainly with the popularity of the southern trade route. The Chinese Buddhist monk, Faxian, left a brief account of the country after his visit c. 399 AD, recorded that there were probably more than 4,000 monks in the country, all Hinayana. Song Yun passed through about 519, who recorded that the country had just been defeated by the Tuyuhun (Tibetan: Azha). It was sometimes abandoned, as when Buddhist monk Xuanzang passed through in the year 644, and when Marco Polo came by in 1273.

</doc>
<doc id="31076147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076147" title="Sancharam">
Sancharam

Sancharam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31076165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076165" title="Prague Process">
Prague Process

Prague Process may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31076188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076188" title="Ernie Kelly">
Ernie Kelly

Ernest Harvey "Ernie" Kelly (born 17 November 1884; date and place of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for and in the Western Australian Football Association (WAFA) and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Career.
Although he was from Melbourne, Kelly started his career in Western Australia. He was East Fremantle's leading goal-kicker in 1904 and was also a member of their premiership team that year, alongside his elder brothers Harvey and Otto Kelly. The three brothers all crossed to South Fremantle and played together in 1905 and 1906. Harvey Kelly returned to Victoria in 1907 and after Ernie played another season for South Fremantle, he joined his brother at Carlton in 1908.
Carlton had been premiers the previous two seasons so Kelly could only break into the seniors on eight occasions. On his league debut, against Melbourne, he kicked three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="31076198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076198" title="Helander">
Helander

Helander is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31076219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076219" title="Bulletproof (Julian Austin album)">
Bulletproof (Julian Austin album)

Bulletproof is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin. It was released by Civilian Records on August 13, 2002. "Pussycat," "I'm So Over You" and "Only God Knows" were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="31076224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076224" title="Gundlapally">
Gundlapally

Gundlapally or Gundlapalli or Dindi() is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Gundlapally mandal includes: Bogguladonna,gonakol, Bolnepally, Cherkupally, Dasarinemalipur, Gonaboinapally, Gundlapally, Kamepally, Kandukur, Khanapur, Ramanthpur, Singarajpally, T. Gouraram, Toukalapur, Vavikole, Veeraboinapally, Yarraram etc.
It is on Hyderabad-Srisailam Road. 
The Dindi Dam is second biggest masonry after Nagarjuna Sagar in Andhra Pradesh. And the river passing is Dundubhi River(nadi), a Sub-river of Krishna.
Temples in dindi : Newly constructed Shirdi Sai baba temple,
Nearest Town: Achampeta(Mahabubnagar District)

</doc>
<doc id="31076237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076237" title="Paul F. Ruckert">
Paul F. Ruckert

Paul Ruckert (25 December 19134 March 2006) was an Australian film producer and cinematographer. He was active between 1930 and 1980 and produced a wide variety of short films and documentaries under the banner of Invincible Pictures. The films included comedies, travelogues, natural history documentaries and commercials. While not achieving huge financial success with his ventures his films were sold and distributed widely within Australia and overseas. In 1999 he was recognised for his lifelong contributions with a one hour special by Ray Martin at the end of Channel 9's "Our Century" series, as he supplied a lot of historical footage for that program.
Personal life and career.
He was born in Toowoomba on 25 December 1913 and spent his early childhood there until the family moved to East Brisbane in 1921. After his education at the East Brisbane primary school he was apprenticed as a signwriter. He had an early fascination with film and photography, purchasing his first cameras in his teens. The area underneath his parents home at East Brisbane was soon converted into a small theatrette and signwriting workshop.
Trips to the local cinemas were always a highlight, and Paul finally convinced the owner of the Triumph Cinema in East Brisbane to give him part-time work. This was the first in a succession of jobs in Brisbane suburban and city cinemas as a projectionist and manager. These theatres included the Triumph, Tivoli, Hawthorne, Kelvin Grove, Windsor and the Broadway at Woolloongabba. All this time Paul was building his signwriting career as well, becoming predominantly a poster artist supplying posters, daybills and other promotional material to Brisbane's then flourishing cinema trade. His posters were used by cinemas throughout the greater Brisbane area, country Queensland and northern New South Wales.
He married wife Iris in 1942 and they built their family home in Norman Park which included space for his signwriting business, a 32 seat theatrette and various studio areas for film production including a darkroom, sound proof recording booth, film vault and editing bench. The darkroom was equipped with custom home-made units for duplicating and processing 16mm black and white film. Initially colour film was also processed in this darkroom, but for later productions the services of Kinelab in Sydney were enlisted for sound recording and print processing. Commentary was provided by some of Australia's best narrators including Peter Gwynne and Kevin Golsby. The theatrette was initially fitted with 35mm arc projectors, but was later converted to 16mm, initially with two Australian made Harmour & Heath units then later with four Eiki projectors, two complete with CinemaScope anamorphic lenses projecting onto a 3.6 metre screen. 
His early movie making was the normal amateur fare, but he very soon progressed to making more serious efforts, including short newsreels and travelogues which he sold for local distribution and screening in Brisbane cinemas. He created the studio name of Invincible Pictures. His first films, none of which survive, were shot in 35mm, but he soon went to 16mm format becoming a dedicated fan of the Swiss made Paillard Bolex cameras. A significant early 16mm production was "Beauty Spots around Brisbane", released in 1939 and shot in colour. These historic images are still being used to this day by local television stations when period footage is required. There were also short comedies, no doubt influenced by the likes of Mack Sennett, Pete Smith and others. These films, notably "The Little Menace" and "Handyman" achieved some commercial success with many copies being sold for distribution in Australia and overseas. In later years wife Iris made a significant contribution to Paul's productions, writing a lot of the scripts and helping greatly in many areas of the production process.
He was also interested in landscape and nature, and was keen to make some films on this topic. An early adventure in the late forties was a trip into the then remote area of Carnarvon Gorge in Queensland to produce a film about that region for the Queensland Royal Geographical Society. This was followed in 1949 by a similar film highlighting North Queensland and the Great Barrier Reef entitled 'Great Barrier Reef Cruise". The next major journey was through Western Queensland and on to Alice Springs and the heart of Australia in 1950. This resulted in films titled "Life in Central Australia" and "Land of Magic" which have early colour footage of the centre's spectacular scenery and even footage of prominent Aboriginal artist Albert Namatjira at work. 
Many nature films followed but he had limited funds, so much of his early equipment was improvised and homemade. Despite this some remarkable short films were made such as "Birth of a Butterfly" in 1949 which featured the life cycle of that insect filmed in close up with homemade macro photography equipment which he had described in an article for American Cinematographer magazine.
Other efforts in the mid fifties included "Time Lapse" which was a pioneering documentary featuring the techniques of time lapse photography. He designed and made the automated equipment required to achieve this, and had an article published in American Cinematographer in 1956 detailing his techniques and achievements.
The success of his early nature films inspired him to do more in that regard and he produced a series of documentaries specifically designed for screenings in Queensland schools. These were one hour educational films on a variety of subjects and were shown in Queensland Schools under the auspices of the Queensland Arts Council. His final productions for this purpose were in the early eighties.
In 1999 he was contacted by producers at the Nine Network who were looking for footage for their forthcoming series "Our Century".[http://trove.nla.gov.au/work/19389145?selectedversion=NBD23502525] Various historical and family footage was used in the series, and afterwards a one hour special with Ray Martin was produced featuring Paul and his family as some recognition of his lifelong achievements. In ensuing years this led to other articles being written on his career and connections with the Brisbane Cinema industry. In 2007, a year after his death, a final tribute was made when researchers from Griffith University and the Museum of Brisbane held a historic film night. This featured work by Paul Ruckert and fellow Queensland cinematic pioneer Frederick Wills. Paul's wife Iris died 26 April 2012, aged 88 years. 
About two thirds of Paul Ruckert's productions survive in the family collection, only 11 of the documentaries are preserved in the National Film and Sound Archive in Canberra.
Filmography.
TV commercials.
Around 80 to 100 television commercials were made in the late 1950s and into the early 1960s, of which only 21 survive.

</doc>
<doc id="31076243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076243" title="Paxton Baker">
Paxton Baker

Paxton K. Baker is the Executive Vice President and General Manager of Centric (formerly BETJ), a BET and MTV network targeting African American and multicultural adults. Baker is also President of BET Event Productions, which produces music festivals, TV awards shows, specials and concerts throughout the world. He has produced numerous television shows and home videos and released over 40 DVD and CD titles.
Career.
In 2006 Baker was appointed Chairman of the Viacom Marketing Council where he leads over 35 senior marketing and sales executives across all Viacom properties, focusing on training, best practices and strengthening brand partnerships. In 2008 he co-founded the Viacom Programming Council, composed of senior programmers from BET Networks, MTV Networks and Paramount Pictures. Baker is also a member of the Viacom Corporate Responsibility Council. In July 2006, he became a founding partner and minority owner of the Washington Nationals a Major League Baseball team.
As the General Manager of Centric, Baker has led programming initiatives that continue to win numerous awards, including a local Emmy Award, a GLAAD special recognition award for “fair and inclusive” programming, a NAMIC award for the show “My Two Cents”, a NAMIC Vision Award for the series “Lens on Talent”, and multiple Telly Awards. He has also produced two Grammy nominated solo albums (BeBe Winans' “Live and Up Close” and “Cherch”). Baker was also the Executive Producer of the 2003 and 2004 Source Awards, and is the Executive Producer of the BET and Centric’s Soul Train Music Awards, the second highest rated special on BET Network for 2009 and 2010. 
Baker is Chairman of The United States Congressional Award (The US Congress’ only official designated charity), and sits on the boards of The United States Senate Preservation Trust, Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz, Asia Jazz Festival Organization and the Military Bowl (a BCS Game).
Prior to joining BET (first as a consultant, then as GM in 1999), Baker was President and Founder of PKB Arts & Entertainment, which was incorporated in 1988. The company produced and booked talent for the Aruba Jazz and Latin Music Festival; the Amsterdam Drum Jazz Festival; Trinidad Pan Jazz Festival; and toured acts such as Gloria Estefan, Herbie Hancock, Carlos Santana and Wynton Marsalis throughout the Caribbean, Africa, South America and Europe. PKB Arts and Entertainment was purchased by BET in April 2000, retaining Baker as President of the newly formed company, BET Event Productions. The company has produced events in the following locations: Anguilla, Barbados, Bermuda, Cayman Islands, Ghana, Jamaica, J&R Music & Computer World (New York City), Iceland, South Africa, and the Turks and Caicos Islands, as well as St. Lucia, which is celebrating the 20th anniversary of its jazz festival in 2011.
Personal life.
Baker and his wife Rachel (formerly Rachel Stuart) have three children and live in Metropolitan Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="31076251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076251" title="April 1992 (album)">
April 1992 (album)

April 1992 is a studio album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The album was released on cassette and features recordings from 1992. It is limited to only 200 copies with pro-printed color covers and pro-duplicated and color labeled chrome tapes.

</doc>
<doc id="31076257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076257" title="The Red and White (album)">
The Red and White (album)

The Red and White is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin. It was released by LMG Records in 2007. "He's Got What It Takes," the title track, "Harbour Town," "Back to Me" and "Marie" were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="31076276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076276" title="W.L. Seaton Secondary School">
W.L. Seaton Secondary School

W.L. Seaton Secondary is a public high school in Vernon, British Columbia, Canada, located near city centre. It is part of School District 22 Vernon.

</doc>
<doc id="31076288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076288" title="The Kilfenora Céilí Band">
The Kilfenora Céilí Band

The Kilfenora Céilí Band is one of the oldest Céilí bands in Ireland. It was founded in the 1910s in Kilfenora, a village in County Clare.
History.
Several musicians came together to raise funds for the Kilfenora church and to play at local houses or cross road dances. The members of the band changed over the years. In the 1960s the band played in England regularly to large crowds. They won three "All-Ireland Fleadh Cheoil" titles in a row. In July 1992 the Kilfenora population gathered to pay tribute to the band as they celebrated their 85th anniversary. The event was broadcast live on RTE radio.
Band members.
Current members
Guest players.
Over the years the band had many guest players, including Nell Galvin and her son Stephen. That time they played an unnamed reel, that promptly was baptized "Mrs Galvin's" by the Band.

</doc>
<doc id="31076293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076293" title="Bikaneri Bhujia">
Bikaneri Bhujia

Bikaneri bhujia has been a cottage industry in Bikaner, Rajasthan, and provides employment to around 2.5 million people in villages of the region, especially women, and recently it has faced competition with multinational companies like Pepsico as well as Indian snack companies, which have used the name bhujia. After struggling with numerous copycats over the years, in September 2010, Indian Patent Office confirmed the Geographical Indications rights and patent was issued for the brand name "Bikaneri bhujia" to local manufacturers of Bikaner.
History.
In 1877, during the reign of Maharaja Shri Dungar Singh, the first batch of bhujia was produced in the princely state of Bikaner.
Preparation.
A dough of Besan (gram flour) and spices including moth dal, salt, red chilli, black pepper, cardamom, cloves, groundnut oil, etc. is formed into the snack by pressing it through a sieve and deep frying in vegetable oil. Not only in the city, but in the whole country, especially, in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Bihar and in West Bengal it is a must-served item with the regular food.
Patent and Geographical Indication Protection.
In September 2010 Bikaneri Bhujia was granted Geographical Indication protection. Getting the GI tag will ensure that none other than those registered as authorized users (or at most those residing inside the geographic territory) are allowed to use the popular product name, an assurance of distinctiveness in a land of thousand cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="31076295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076295" title="Cash Only">
Cash Only

Cash Only is the group's third EP released in the US. The extended play consists of five songs; one of them, "Microphone", was put up for an exclusive free download on the Millionaires' Myspace page until September 6, 2010, when the track list was released by ShockHound.com. This was the last release from the group to feature vocals from Dani Artaud. Two music videos were made for the songs "Party Like a Millionaire" and "Stay the Night". "Party Like a Millionaire" does not feature vocals from Dani.

</doc>
<doc id="31076306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076306" title="PSPJ Pidie Jaya">
PSPJ Pidie Jaya

PS Pidie Jaya or Persatuan Sepakbola Pidie Jaya (en: "Football Association of Pidie Jaya") is an Indonesian football club based in Pidie Jaya Regency, Aceh. Club played at Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31076315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076315" title="AM-1235">
AM-1235

AM-1235 (1-(5-fluoropentyl)-3-(naphthalen-1-oyl)-6-nitroindole) is a drug that acts as a potent and reasonably selective agonist for the cannabinoid receptor CB1.
Pharmacology.
Pharmacodynamics.
AM-1235 is a cannabinoid receptor agonist with Ki of 1.5nM at CB1 compared to 20.4nM at CB2. While the 6-nitro substitution on the indole ring reduces affinity for both CB1 and CB2 relative to the unsubstituted parent compound AM-2201, CB2 affinity is reduced much more, resulting in a CB1 selectivity of around 13x. This is in contrast to other related compounds such as AM-1221 where a 6-nitro substitution instead confers significant selectivity for CB2.
Pharmacokinetics.
AM-1235 metabolism differs only slightly from that of JWH-018. AM-1235 N-dealkylation produces fluoropentane instead of pentane (or plain alkanes in general). It has been speculated that the fluoropentane might function as an alkylating agent or is further metabolized into toxic fluoroacetic acid. This is not true since fluoroalkanes do not act as alkylating agents under normal conditions and uneven fluoroalkane chains metabolize into substantially less toxic fluoropropanoic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="31076320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076320" title="One for One (Julian Austin album)">
One for One (Julian Austin album)

One for One is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin. It was released by Little Ol' Records on May 26, 2009. "Fat Bottomed Girls," "She Knows About Cryin'," "If Houston Doesn't Want You" and "Goodbye Exit Sign" were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="31076333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076333" title="Sima Rangju">
Sima Rangju

Sima Rangju (Chinese:司马穰苴) or Tian Rangju (Chinese: 田穰苴) (dates of birth and death unknown) was a famous Chinese military general during the Spring and Autumn period, often seen as the spiritual successor of Jiang Ziya. He served in the State of Qi, defending it from the states of Jin and Yan, and went as high in the army as Da Sima, the Minister of War. As a result, he is also sometimes called Sima Rangju . He was later dismissed by Duke Jing of Qi, who apparently listened to hypocrites, falsely accusing Rangju. He was depressed and fell ill, resulting in his death. Little is known about his life due to the lack of historical records, but his thoughts and ideas passed on. His works were later composed into a book called The Methods of the Sima. He was highly praised by Sima Qian, a famous Chinese historian.
Life.
Yan Ying, the Prime Minister of Duke Jing of Qi, recommended Rangju to the duke and he became a general. He was ordered to restore territory lost to the states of Jin and Yan. In order to build his prestige within the army, he suggested to the Duke to send someone to oversee his actions. The Duke sent Zhuang Gu (庄贾) as the overseer. Zhuang Gu was always arrogant, and he was late attending a parade. Rangju followed the regulations and ordered for Zhuang Gu to be killed. When a messenger sent by Zhuang Gu retrieved a document, giving Zhuang Gu the command of the army. Rangju said: "When the general is commanding an army, he can disobey orders from the King." He then asked a law officer: "What punishment does he deserve for galloping in the army camp? " The answer was "execution". Rangju then killed the messenger for galloping freely inside the army camp, also killing his horse and destroyed his cart. 
Rangju enforced the laws with fairness and his prestige increased rapidly within the army. He defeated the armies of Jin and Yan, restoring lost land. He was promoted to Da Sima, the Minister of War. The Tian Clan which he belonged to also became more powerful. Other Qi clans including Bao (鲍), Gao (高) and Guo (国) saw him as a threat and made false allegations against Rangju in front of the Duke. In the end, the Duke dismissed Rangju. Rangju died soon afterward. The next leader of the Tian clan Tian Qi (田乞) therefore despised those three families. The son of Tian Qi, called Tian Chang (田常), later destroyed the three families.
Tian Chang's great grandson King Wei of Qi organised the works of Rangju and it was known as the "The Precepts of War", also known as the "The Methods of the Sima".
References.
[http://www.mod.gov.cn/hist/2009-07/20/content_4005722.htm] 穰苴斩监----田穰苴(战国)
[http://www.cmx.gov.cn/gb/node2/gfjy/node7354/userobject7ai84023.html] 司马穰苴

</doc>
<doc id="31076334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076334" title="Miners' survival during 2010 Copiapó mining accident">
Miners' survival during 2010 Copiapó mining accident

The 2010 Copiapó mining accident began as a cave-in on 5 August 2010 at the San José copper-gold mine in the Atacama Desert near Copiapó, Chile. The accident left 33 men trapped below ground who survived underground for a record 69 days. All 33 men were rescued and brought to the surface on 13 October 2010 over a period of almost 24 hours. After the last trapped miner was winched to the surface, the rescue workers still underground held up a sign before the camera stating """" (English: ""Mission accomplished Chile"") to the estimated more than 1 billion people watching the rescue on live television around the world.
The San José Mine is about north of Copiapó, in northern Chile. The miners were trapped approximately from the mine entrance. The mine had a history of instability that had led to previous accidents, including one death.
The retrieval of the first miner, Florencio Ávalos, began on Tuesday, 12 October at 23:55 CLDT, with the rescue capsule reaching the surface 16 minutes later. Less than 24 hours later, at 21:55 CLDT on 13 October, all 33 miners had been rescued, almost all in good medical condition, and expected to recover fully. Two miners were suffering from silicosis, one of whom also had pneumonia, and others were suffering from dental infections and corneal problems. Three of the rescued miners had immediate surgery under general anesthesia for dental problems.
Survival.
The miners had a emergency shelter with two long benches, but ventilation problems had led them to move out to a tunnel. In addition to the shelter, they had some of galleries in which to move around. The miners used backhoes to dig for underground water sources. Some water was obtained from the radiators of vehicles inside the mineshaft. Food supplies were limited and the men had lost an average of each. Although the emergency supplies were intended for only two or three days, the miners rationed them and were able to make them last for two weeks, running out just before they were discovered. They consumed "two little spoonfuls of tuna, a sip of milk and a biscuit every 48 hours" and a morsel of peach. The men used truck batteries to power their hard hat lamps for illumination.
After his release from the hospital, Mario Sepúlveda said "All 33 trapped miners, practicing a one-man, one-vote democracy, worked together to maintain the mine, look for escape routes and keep up morale." He said, "We knew that if society broke down we would all be doomed. Each day a different person took a bad turn. Every time that happened, we worked as a team to try to keep the morale up." He and some of the older miners helped to support the younger men, he said, but all have taken an oath of silence not to reveal certain details of what occurred down the mine, particularly during the early weeks of desperation.
Ávalos said the men kept hope of a survival by pulling together to beat hunger, thirst and desperation underground. “As a group we had to keep faith, we had to keep hope, we had to all believe that we would survive,” he said. Franklin Lobos, a former professional footballer, said he and his fellow miners had acted like a great football team. "We pulled together when things got rough, when there was nothing, when we needed to drink water and there wasn’t any to drink. We pulled together when there was no food, when you just had to eat a teaspoon of tuna because there was nothing else. That really bonded us," he said.
Videos sent to the surface.
In late August the miners filmed a 40 minute video, recorded by a mini-camera sent by the government through the "palomas", in which 28 of the 33 miners appeared. The video demonstrated that most of them were in good spirits and reasonably good health, though they had all lost weight.
"It also demonstrated that they were organized — they have established places to sleep, to play games and to put their waste" said Dr. Jaime Mañalich, Chile’s health minister. Mario Sepúlveda serves as the ebullient host throughout the video and leads the viewer through a tour of sleeping quarters, the dining area and displayed where they kept their rations which now only held water bottles. Of the highlighted areas was their first aid box with items including rubbing alcohol. There were a few cooking utensils, a fire extinguisher and a pinup poster of a woman as well.
The men were seen to be mainly bare chested, bearded, and all were covered with a sheen of sweat from the high heat and humidity of the mine at that depth. Several of the miners looked to be very thin and some were camera shy. The host, Sepúlveda, avoided specifics about the health of the men and used the vaguer term "complicated" to refer to their situation. He did however work to maintain an upbeat attitude and insisted that things were looking brighter for the trapped men.
The video generally portrays a positive, light atmosphere. One of the miners joked, to the chuckles of his colleagues that “The only good thing about getting out will be that out there you can take a bath”. “That’s true,” the host concurs with a grin. Sepúlveda leads some of the group in the Chilean national anthem at the end of the video to show unity with the Chilean people driving their rescue. Sepúlveda also discussed the value of Luis Urzúa, the miner’s 54-year-old shift leader to further inspire confidence in the group's ability to survive. He goes on to say that Urzúa has brought “calm” to the men. Urzúa appears saying “We are all anxious to get out of here and see our friends and families, those that are working day and night up there, the mining family and 17 million Chileans.”
Leadership.
“It’s been a bit of a long shift,” said the foreman whose level-headedness and gentle humor helped keep the miners under his charge focused on survival during their 70-day underground ordeal. Luis Urzúa kept his cool. In his first audio contact with officials on the surface, he glossed over the hunger and despair he and his men had felt, saying instead: “We’re fine, waiting for you to rescue us.”
“The hierarchy and power of a supervisor in the world of the miner is extremely powerful; it is a military discipline,” Chilean Minister of Health Jaime Manalich explained as he discussed Urzúa's role in organizing the men and their ability to adjust to their increasingly complicated situation. “Natural selection is extremely strong in this world,” and results in a shift foreman becoming the virtual “owner of the mine” during his normal 12-hour shift. “This is an extremely dangerous job, if you look at the statistics, this region of Chile has the highest worker mortality rate in the nation and that is led by mining.” Commander Andreas Llarena, Chilean Navy, who has been assigned to the scene of the accident to assist in the coordination of the health aspects of the recovery operations also explains that “is a leader in his field and has been for ages. He is recognized by his peers as a leader. For a miner, their shift leader is sacred and holy. They would never think about replacing him. That is carved in stone; it is one of the commandments in the life of a miner” .
Urzua received three daily briefings: One from a doctor, another from a psychologist and the third from a miner updating him on the technical aspects of the rescue operation. The Chilean government counted on Urzua to organize a long list of tasks for his mining crew, during a daily medical conference call. An example of his self-confidence is when he told Dr. Manalich to “keep it short, we have lots of work to do.”
Urzúa split his men into three groups, to build team spirit. He set up the rationing system that was crucial to the miners’ survival. Toward the end, as the wait for a rescue the men had at first hoped would be only days away wore on, the rations were stretched out to every 48 hours. He took charge underground, dividing their habitat into separate areas for sleeping, working and washing, and kept his men occupied with 12-hour shifts to maintain the kind of discipline he learned while doing his military service. He instilled a sense of structure and order among his men, who even he admitted had been initially overcome by desperation after the cave-in revealed a wall of rock hemming them in. Urzúa also drew on his training as a topographer to map the tunnels that became their sticky, damp home. He used a white pickup truck as an underground office, and turned the lights of other trucks on and off to simulate daylight. “He likes things to be clear,” says his brother Juan Carlos.
Urzúa credited majority decision-making for the trapped men's good esprit de corps and dedication to their common goal . "You just have to speak the truth and believe in democracy," said Urzúa. "Everything was voted on ... We were 33 men, so 16 plus one was a majority."
With the honor of beleaguered ship's captains over the ages, 54-year-old Urzúa was the last man out after 70 long days trapped below the Atacama desert. Following the collapse of the mine on 5 August, the leader dispatched men to find out what had happened and see if it was possible to escape but they could not find an exit route. "We were trying to find out what we could do and what we could not," said Urzúa. "Then we had to figure out the food." Urzúa tried to instill a philosophical acceptance of fate so they could accept their situation and move on to embrace the essential tasks of survival.

</doc>
<doc id="31076336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076336" title="Munugode">
Munugode

Mungode or Munugode is a mandal in Nalgonda district of Telangana, India.
Munugode is also an Assembly constituency in the Telangana Legislative Assembly.
Geography.
Mungode is located at . It has an average elevation of 241 metres (793 ft).
Villages.
The villages in Munugode mandal include: Ramakrishna Puram, Cheekatimamidi, Ghattuppal, Chelmeda, Cholledu, Gudapoor, Ipperthy, Jamastanpally, Kachilapuram, Kalvalapally, Kalwakuntla, Kistapur, Kompally, Koratikal, Kothularam, Munugode, Pelivela, Pulipalupula, Rathipally, Singaram, Solipur, Velmakanne, Vookondi, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31076351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076351" title="Alo (Skins series 5)">
Alo (Skins series 5)

Alo is the sixth episode of series 5 of the UK TV series Skins, which first aired on 3 March 2011 on E4. It focuses on Aloysius "Alo" Creevey (Will Merrick) as he deals with the consequences of refusing to grow up, and his efforts to stand up to his domineering mother and father.
Synopsis.
It is Alo's birthday, not that his domineering mother or henpecked father actually care. Rather than allowing him to visit his friends in town, they force him to stay and work on the farm. His father and their incoherent farmhand try to teach him how to drive a tractor, but he overheats it. While his father is trying to fix it, he lets Alo run off. His mother, however, discovers what has happened, and reveals that they intend to withdraw him from Roundview College in order to force him to buckle down on the farm. He is lured away by his friends and taken to the local pub, where they demand to know what has happened. After he explains, they encourage him to stand up to his parents and "stick it to the man." His parents soon arrive and drag him off. Later, on the farm, when trying to move a particularly stubborn rock, his father tells him to leave it; Alo exclaims sarcastically that "things are fine as they are, aren't they?" Although given a list of tasks, Alo instead hides in Bessy, the cow's stable. He accidentally drops his burning spliff onto a tank of propane, blowing up part of the stable and Bessy. His mother and father take everything he owns, including his van and beloved dog, to be sold. Despite his pleas, they won't listen.
Burning with rage and finally reaching his limit, he fills condoms with the farm's entire egg and flour produce, and invites the gang over for an egg and flour fight. With the entire farm's produce destroyed, they call most of the college round to Alo's farm for an impromptu party, which Alo hopes will trash the farmhouse. During the party, Mini meets Franky on the couch, and reveals for the first time that she is aware that Franky is in love with Matty. She encourages her to make a move on him, saying "Liv'll do it to you in a heartbeat." Franky, suspecting that Mini is trying to use her to get at Liv, berates her and leaves. She is then flirted with by a random stranger, but pushes him away - prompting him to push her back. While Nick angrily confronts the boy, Liv goes outside and consoles Franky, and for the first time, questions her sexuality. Franky's response makes it clear that she does not want to talk about it. Then Alo's parents return, to find the teenagers fleeing the scene (Alo had mentioned that his father carried guns). Alo, drunkenly confronts his aghast family and berates his father for allowing his mother to henpeck him all the time, calling him "gormless and old." To his and his mother's horror, his father collapses and his mother immediately orders him to call an ambulance.
Alo goes to Nick's house, where he is continuing the party from earlier, as his father is gone for the week. He sits on a couch with Mini, and starts to cry. She comforts him, and as he leaves he smiles and says that she's "alright" leaving a possible love interest for both of them. Franky, meanwhile, wanders upstairs to discover Liv and Matty having sex in the bathroom. She leaves with tears in her eyes, and Matty sees this, though he doesn't mention it to Liv. Alo goes to Rich's house, where Rich confesses that he has had sex with Grace. Rich is exuberant about growing up, which prompts Alo to leave without telling him what is wrong. Alo goes to the hospital, where he sees the farmhand and his dog, Rags. The farmhand tells him that his father is fine, but he had known about getting worse; he hadn't told Alo because he didn't want him to worry. Alo returns home and pledges to his mother that he will try harder and "grow up," but demands that she makes an effort too, as she is too domineering. This encounter moves her to tears. On the farm, Alo ties a rope around the stubborn rock and hooks it to the tractor, where he tries to pull it out of the ground. His father appears and coaches him, and then says, "Nice one, mate." Alo replies with "Nice one, dad," hinting that their relationship will be fine.

</doc>
<doc id="31076354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076354" title="Convicted Woman">
Convicted Woman

Convicted Woman (1940) is a Crime movie, starring Rochelle Hudson - Glenn Ford and directed by Nick Grinde. It is also known as Dames and Daughters of Today.
Plot.
Betty Andrews (Rochelle Hudson) is without work and one day she is arrested on false grounds when she is in a department store. She is accused of theft and gets representation from attorney Mary Ellis (Frieda Inescort). In spite of this and the fact that the evidence against her is circumstantial she is wrongfully sentenced to one year in prison, and she is to serve her sentence in the Curtiss Home of Correction for women.
At the correctional facility, Betty soon experiences the tough rule of chief matron Miss Bracket (Esther Dale), who has a few of the inmates as her pawns: Frankie "The Duchess" Mason (Lorna Gray), Nita Lavore (Iris Meredith) and a few other goons. These inmates gets special treatment as reward for their help to Miss Bracket. 
Miss Bracket's horrible treatment of the inmates soon result in one of them, Gracie Dunn (Mary Field), committing suicide. Betty is the one who finds Gracie's body, and she is forced to swear her secrecy to pritect Miss Bracket and the others, otherwise they will kill her. The Superintrndent then writes "pneumonia" as the cause of death for the girl.
Betty starts planning her escape and to sell the horrible story of the suicide incident to a newspaper reporter, Jim Brent (Glenn Ford). She will use the money to get Frankie to smuggle her out of the facility. Jim poses as Betty's attorney to get inside the facility and get the story from Betty. The story goes to print and there is a huge scandal with lots of media coverage.
Unfortunately for Betty, she is tricked by Frankie, who doesn't help her, but instead tells Miss Bracket. Betty is severely punished by the matron and put into solitary confinement. The scandal also means there is a change of administration at the facility, and fortunately for Betty, Mary Ellis is appointed the new chief matron.
Mary starts a series of reforms in the prison, improving the conditionsfor the inmates. Among other things, the girls are able to go outside the prison onparole on special holidays. The former matron pets are upset with the loss of all their privileges, and so they kidnap Betty when they are out to celebrate Thanksgiving. The plan is to stop her from returnibg to the facility in time, thus vreaking the rules and getting her punished.
Jim hears about the plans and manages to rescue Betty. In doing so he also saves the new reforms made by Mary Ellis. Betty is soon pardoned and gets out of prison. Then she continues her romance with Jim and they eventually marriy.

</doc>
<doc id="31076361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076361" title="Banuri (village)">
Banuri (village)

Banuri Village (Himachal) is village situated in Dhauladhar Valley in Himachal Pradesh (India). It has around 4 km area and population around 3000. Banuri has many tea gardens. It has a small river (khad) named Oa at its one end. It is situated 4 km away from Palampur (a tourist place in Himachal). Also near by is artists' colony Andretta, Himachal Pradesh.
GSS Computer Education Banuri started in 2004.Now GSS Completed his ten years of success in 2014.
Education.
Literacy rate in Banuri is very high. It has four Senior Secondary schools:-

</doc>
<doc id="31076366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076366" title="Flying penguins">
Flying penguins

Flying penguins or Miracles of Evolution is a BBC film trailer made in 2008 as an April Fools' Day hoax. The film was advertised as compelling evidence for Charles Darwin's theory of evolution. It was largely set on King George Island which is 75 miles from Antarctica.
"The Daily Telegraph" wrote that the film was "an instant classic. It is accomplished work of this kind that guarantees the BBC its unique status."
The BBC website still claims that it may attempt to film the flying penguins again because the original film did not explain how such small birds, that are not used to flying, could survive long migrations over vast, stormy oceans. "Miracles of Evolution" was filmed with animated penguins for the occasion of April Fools' Day, and to promote the BBC iPlayer.
MSN included "The BBC's flying penguins" as one of their twelve "Hoaxes of the decade."
The film.
The film features Adélie penguins that live in Antarctica. Adélie penguins are one of the most southern seabirds in the world. The film claims that long and extremely cold Antarctic winters forced some groups of Adélies to adapt by (re)gaining the ability to fly. In the film the penguins travel thousands of miles to the rainforests of South America. The narrative of the film discourages adventurers from trying to see flying penguins on their own. These birds are rare, "elusive and secretive". It is all but impossible to find them in the dense jungles of South America, or even to see their migration over the southern oceans. After migrating, the penguins are shown landing in the canopy of the rainforest.
The film was narrated by Terry Jones (of "Monty Python" fame). Walking in Antarctica between Adélies, Jones says:
The film shows birds taking off one after another, with the whole sky soon becoming filled with flying penguins. First the film shows the penguins flying over icebergs and through a hole in an iceberg. Antarctica is then left behind and viewers see the green of South America's rainforests.
Film promotions.
On 1 April 2008 rival newspapers "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Daily Mirror" both published articles about the upcoming film. "The Mirror" ran the story on its front page, and in "The Daily Telegraph" the story was one of the most important of the day. "The Daily Telegraph" proclaimed that the BBC had "remarkable footage of penguins flying as part of its new natural history series, "Miracles of Evolution"."
Chris Tryhorn, a news editor for "The Guardian", admitted that the story "gave him pause for thought" when two of his rivals, "The Daily Mirror" and "The Daily Telegraph", published synchronized stories on such an important discovery. Chris said that he started to put the pieces together based upon the publication date, Monty Python's Terry Jones being the host and the film maker being called Prof Alid Loyas. Chris realized after noticing that Prof Alid Loyas was an anagram of "April Fools Day"
"The Daily Mirror" later published an explanation for its readers who were waiting for the documentary to be broadcast on BBC One.
The trailer can still be found on the BBC website, however it is viewed using the BBC iPlayer, which is only available to Internet users accessing from British IP addresses. It can also be found on YouTube.
Making of "Flying penguins".
"Flying penguins" was made using diverse techniques and footage.
BBC producers used real footage of Adelies filmed in the Antarctic by the BBC. Animated penguins were then created, and to make them fly the animators used a flight pattern used by real birds that somewhat resemble penguins.
Terry Jones was filmed in a studio with fake snow on the floor and on his polar parka. Later this footage was combined with real footage taken in Antarctica and with the footage of animated penguins in flight.

</doc>
<doc id="31076367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076367" title="William Lax">
William Lax

William Lax (1761 – 29 October 1836) was an English astronomer and mathematician who served as Lowndean Professor of Astronomy and Geometry at the University of Cambridge for 41 years.
Lax was born in Ravensworth in the North Riding of Yorkshire. He attended Trinity College, Cambridge and graduated Bachelor of Arts as the Senior Wrangler and first Smith's Prizeman of his year. He was elected a fellow of Trinity College, ordained as a minister, and received his Master of Arts. Lax was granted the livings of vicar of Marsworth, Buckinghamshire and of St Ippolyts near Hitchin, Hertfordshire, where he erected an observatory.
Lax was best known for his "Remarks on a Supposed Error in the Elements of Euclid" (1807) and his work regarding the "Nautical Almanac", which was an important reference for navigation in the period. An obituary claimed that "To whatever Professor Lax applied, he made himself completely master of it". His daughter married Andrew Amos and through that line Lax is the grandfather of Sheldon Amos and the great grandfather of Maurice Amos, a notable legal dynasty.
Early life.
Lax was born in the village of Ravensworth, near Richmond in the North Riding of Yorkshire, England, the son of William (1731 – 19 August 1812) also born in Ravensworth, and Hannah Lax (1738 – 10 June 1811). He was educated at the Kirby Ravensworth Free Grammar School, where he learned Latin (in which he became fluent) and Greek as well as English language, arithmetic and mathematics. Although the school was subsidised by a charitable trust, "Free" in the context of the school's name meant free from all authority save for the Crown.
Lax was admitted as a sizar to Trinity College, Cambridge University on 22 November 1780 at the age of 19. Trinity was at the time the richest college at Cambridge. Sizars were students who were not of the gentlemanly class, who were charged lower fees and obtained free food and/or lodging and other assistance during their period of study in exchange for performing work at their colleges. By the eighteenth century, sizars were fully integrated members of the community, who were as likely to be employed by Fellow commoners as companions rather than servants. They were expected to wait at table (as were pensioners and scholars), but by the eighteenth century they had their own gyps (servants) and bedmakers.
Lax matriculated in the Michaelmas term of 1781 and became a private tutor to John Pond, later Astronomer Royal. Lax was elected a scholar (i.e. one on a scholarship) of Trinity in 1784; John Cranke and Henry Therond were his tutors, a role which would have seen them not only teaching Lax, but also acting in the role of "in loco parentis". Lax was conferred a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in 1785 and graduated as the Senior Wrangler and was awarded the first Smith's Prize of his year. Until 1790, all examinations at Trinity were written in Latin.
Career.
Early career.
In 1785 Lax was appointed curate of Tideswell in the Peak District of Derbyshire with an annual stipend of £35. In 1786, as was essentially the due of Senior Wranglers, he was elected a fellow of Trinity College. According to Peter Linehan, fellows at this time, "were becoming richer, living and behaving more like gentlemen". He was ordained as a minister in 1787 at Peterborough and received his Master of Arts (M.A.) in 1788. He was a moderator from 1789 to 1791 which entailed him presiding over oral examinations which were then necessary for the B.A. to be awarded. As a moderator Lax was responsible for the introduction of "very high flown compliments, and at the same time extending the disputations to double the usual length, which was around one hour and ten minutes" which "sent a ripple through tradition" according to Greg Dening. Dening argues that this was, "Lax's way of getting into the act and making Acts flourish". In 1791 he was appointed as a taxor by the University. Lax was an assistant tutor from 1797 until 1801, but resigned when he married Margaret Cradock, as College fellows were not permitted to marry.
Lowndean Chair.
In 1795 Lax was appointed Lowndean Professor of Astronomy and Geometry in succession to John Smith. The position was a sinecure with an annual salary initially of around £300, later rising to around £500 per annum by 1821. Cambridge had two astronomical chairs, and the Lowndean was seen as the more theoretical and less experimental of the two. During Lax's tenure a mathematical chair was seen as "a prize or a means of securing leisure, and at best, merely as offering a position where a man could pursue his own researches undisturbed by other duties". In 1816 Lax was described as holding the professorship with "great reputation". The sole duty of Lax's professorship was that he was required to examine students annually for the Smith's Prize, including John Herschel, Adam Sedgwick, George Biddell Airy and William Cavendish, 7th Duke of Devonshire.
During Lax's time at Cambridge: "the mathematicians were in the saddle, and it would be difficult to dispute the judgement that they controlled Cambridge studies almost as completely as the logicians had done in the Middle Ages." In early nineteenth century Cambridge "the discipline of mathematics was at the very heart". Newtonian mathematics teaching as exemplified by "Cambridge traditionalists" such as Lax and his generation began to wane as the Georgian era drew to a close. In 1817 George Peacock successfully introduced the new French mathematics (such as Pierre-Simon Laplace and Joseph Louis Lagrange) into the Senate House Examinations. Peacock reported to Herschel, "The introduction of d's into the papers excited much remark. Wood, Vince, Lax & Milner were very angry & threatened to protest against infiltration of French mathematics." For the traditionalists the struggle was more than one of intellectual difference as for them, "Newton's rational mechanics, fluxions, and experimental philosophy were an excellent antidote against materialism and atheism." However from 1816 to 1824 Lax continued to sit on the Peacock-led board that established Cambridge Observatory.
Lax did encounter some criticism during his tenure. Whilst at the university he "never, as far as is known, delivered a single lecture", despite his chair's bequest that the holder deliver forty lectures each year, although his predecessor had not given any lectures either. The excuse was made that there was already an astronomical chair at Cambridge established before the Lowndean that already gave lectures. By the 1820s it was no longer acceptable to consider chairs as sinecures, and Lax received criticism from a living descendent of the original benefactor, Thomas Lowndes, for being remiss in his duties. His successor to the Lowndean chair George Peacock promised "to do his duty in a less lax manner than his predecessor", and although he struggled to get anyone to attend his lectures on pure mathematics, his lectures on practical astronomy were well attended. However, Peacock's translation as Dean of Ely three years later meant that he was largely absent from his chair, which he was severely criticised for retaining.
Fellow of the Royal Society.
Lax was admitted a Fellow of the Royal Society on 5 April 1796. He was nominated by the Astronomer Royal Nevil Maskelyne, Anthony Shepherd, Richard Farmer and William Wales. However, due to an enmity of the President Joseph Banks, friends of Charles Hutton and Maskelyne, such as Lax, Samuel Vince and Thomas Mudge, frequently saw their submissions for publications overlooked. If any of them submitted papers to the Society: they had the honour of having them carefully lodged in the archives of the Society, where the world in general, or even the members of the Society, would derive no more benefit from them than if they were deposited at the centre of the earth.
Lax delivered two papers to the Royal Society which were published in "Philosophical Transactions". In 1799 he delivered "A Method of finding the Latitude of a place, by Means of two Altitudes of the Sun and the Time elapsed betwixt the Observations", described as containing "several valuable remarks", but criticised as "a subject of no great importance" by the "Philosophical Magazine". In his 1809 work "On A Method of Examining the Divisions of Astronomical Instruments" Lax wrote that no instrument was to be trusted without "previous examination". This argument had an influence on scientists such as Henry Cavendish and was described as an "ingenious...examination" in the "Edinburgh Encyclopedia". However the method described by Lax "though very ingenious, requires great labour and time, and is inferior in accuracy and efficiency to that which was adopted by Mr. Troughton for tabulating the errors of the primary divisions of circular instruments." It was also criticised for "greatly resembl" a method first explicated by the Duke of Chaulnes. In 1807 Lax delivered "Remarks on a Supposed Error in the Elements of Euclid" to the Royal Society, however it was not published in "Philosophical Transactions", but was eventually published independently. In it Lax defended the Greek mathematician against a charge levied at him by Georges-Louis Le Sage in 1756. Lax's defence was applauded by the "British Critic" as 'perfectly sound'. Lax also espoused the worth of Euclid's "Elements" in the work, which he considered to reflect "the highest honour upon the human intellect".
Board of Longitude.
Lax was elected to the Board of Longitude after he was nominated to the Lowndean chair in 1795, and remained on the board until it was dissolved in 1828. The Board was a governmental body charged with administering a scheme of prizes intended to encourage innovators to solve the problem of finding longitude at sea, which was vital for accurate navigation. Lax published a set of tables for use with the "Nautical Almanac" for finding latitude and longitude; these were published by the Board of Longitude in 1821, and whilst they were not considered to be of much practical use for seamen, they were described by "The Nautical Magazine" as a "very meritorious attempt to solve the problems of nautical astronomy by one uniform system." In 1821, the Board awarded Lax £1050 for his tables, which were intended to replace Nevil Maskelyne's "Requisite Tables". However, the extraordinarily accurate chronometers of John Harrison were generally available from the 1820s onwards, rendering the lunar distance method, which Lax had used to create the tables, immaterial. Meanwhile, Edward Sabine criticised errors in Lax's work.
As a scientific member of the Board, Lax was one of eighteen men who were, according to Edmund Dews, "ultimately responsible for the form and contents of the "Nautical Almanac". It would have been difficult in these years to select another group equally eminent in their field." Lax was notable for his strong attendance record at the quarterly meetings, not missing a single meeting between 1822 – 25, a record equalled by only three other members, although non-attendance of meetings would have resulted in his not being paid his annual salary of £100. In 1828 Lax appended "An easy method of correcting the lunar distance, on account of the spheroidal figure of the earth" to the "Nautical Almanac". After the Board was dissolved in 1828 Lax unsuccessfully attempted to convince George Biddell Airy to aid in a campaign for its restoration. In 1834 a new edition of his nautical tables was published posthumously. Eva Germaine Rimington Taylor later concluded that all of Lax's works were "of value to the art of navigation".
Personal life.
On 28 February 1801 Lax was granted the livings as vicar of Marsworth, Buckinghamshire and squarson of Great Wymondley with St Ippolyts near Hitchin, Hertfordshire "after some years of teaching work". He lived at St Ippolyts where he erected a private observatory which he had transported from Cambridge and had originally belonged to Isaac Newton. The "Monthly Magazine" included it in its list of the 21 most notable private observatories in England in 1813. Lax spent the last thirty years of his life occupied with "studies and pursuits connected with the advancement of astronomy."
When he arrived at St Ippolyts Lax had trees planted in the vicarage grounds in the form of his initials "W L". That same year he created a park opposite to the vicarage similar to The Backs of Cambridge, built a replica of Trinity College Bridge, dammed the stream and opened springs to form a lake which was used for ice skating in the winter. In September 1801 he married Margaret Cradock (11 June 1776 – 20 January 1854) at the church in Gilling West in the North Riding of Yorkshire. Margaret was the eldest daughter of Sheldon Cradock of Hartforth who was the lord of the manor of Lax's home village of Ravensworth. Lax was a proposer of Robert Woodhouse, Henry Coddington, Herbert Marsh and John Bell for Royal Society fellowship, the latter being one of Lax's closest friends, and he was a keen supporter of George Biddell Airy throughout Airy's career. Lax was a chief supporter of the Whig John Romilly, 1st Baron Romilly's parliamentary bid. In 1824 Lax purchased a coat of arms for himself.
His brother Thomas Lax (1770 – 1 Apr 1851) lived in Ravensworth. He was a gentleman farmer who became a record holding breeder of shorthorn cattle and at one point was credited with the best shorthorn herd in the country. He was "unquestionably a great breeder". He also acted as Chief Constable of the wapentake of Gilling West. The Kirkby Ravensworth parish church has a memorial dedicated to Thomas Lax, as well as a memorial dedicated to the mother of the two brothers.
Death.
On 1 December 1834, Lax reported that he had been "of late in a very weak state of health". He died "suddenly" on 28 October 1836 at his home in St Ippolyts. His obituary in "The Gentleman's Magazine" reported that "his constitution was broken in early life made his last years a period of weakness and suffering, so that his physical strength was unequal to the workings of his active mind. To whatever Professor Lax applied, he made himself completely master of it...[a most excellent and amiable man." He left behind a widow and two daughters, the eldest Margaret and the younger Marian or Marianne (died 21 June 1873). In 1826 Margaret was married to Andrew Amos at St Ippolyts Church, and via that line Lax is the grandfather of Sheldon Amos and the great grandfather of Maurice Amos.

</doc>
<doc id="31076370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076370" title="Perseba Bangkalan">
Perseba Bangkalan

Perseba stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Bangkalan (en: "Football Association of Bangkalan"). Perseba Bangkalan is an Indonesian football club based in Bangkalan Regency, Madura Island, East Java. Club played at Liga Nusantara division East Java.

</doc>
<doc id="31076400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076400" title="Clément Castelli">
Clément Castelli

Clément Castelli (14 January 1870 – 1959) was a French painter.
Biography.
Clément Castelli was born on 14 January 1870 in Premia, Verbano-Cusio-Ossola region, Italy. He was a member of the Mountain Painters Society. He moved to Paris in 1880, and studied under Jules Adler and Léon Bellemont. Clément Castelli spent most of his career painting mountains in the French Alps, in Italy, and in Switzerland. Clément Castelli has exhibited his works for many years at the Salon des Artistes Indépendants and at the Salon des Artistes Français.

</doc>
<doc id="31076401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076401" title="William Bright (disambiguation)">
William Bright (disambiguation)

William Bright (1928–2006) was an American linguist who specialized in Native American and Asian languages.
William Bright may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31076406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076406" title="I See the Light">
I See the Light

"I See the Light" is a song written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Glenn Slater for Walt Disney Animation Studios' 50th animated feature film "Tangled" (2010). A duet originally recorded by American recording artist and actress Mandy Moore and American actor Zachary Levi in their respective film roles as main characters Rapunzel and Flynn Rider, the folk-inspired pop ballad serves as both the film's love and theme song. Lyrically, "I See the Light" describes the developing romantic relationship between Rapunzel and Flynn, and is featured as the seventh track on the film's soundtrack album. 
"Tangled "was originally conceived by Disney animator Glen Keane. Subsequently, Walt Disney Animation Studios hired veteran Disney composer Alan Menken and lyricist Glenn Slater to write the film's songs. Initially, Menken and Slater had written a more anthemic version of "I See the Light" before finally re-working it into a gentler, simpler and more folk-oriented song. Menken would later reveal that, out of "Tangled"'s five songs and musical numbers, he is most proud of "I See the Light". 
"I See the Light" has inspired a generally mixed to positive reception from film and music critics, who were largely ambivalent towards the song's content, questioning its originality. However, the "lantern sequence" during which "I See the Light" is performed by Rapunzel and Flynn has enjoyed widespread critical acclaim, with journalists and commentators praising its visuals. Critically, both the song and the scene have been compared to similar romantic musical sequences from preceding Disney animated films, including "Kiss the Girl" from "The Little Mermaid" (1989) and "A Whole New World" from "Aladdin" (1992), both of which are love songs also composed by Menken.
In spite of its lukewarm reviews, "I See the Light" has garnered numerous awards and accolades. The song was nominated for the Academy and Golden Globe awards for Best Original Song in 2011, losing both, the former to "We Belong Together" from "Toy Story 3" (2010) and the latter to "You Haven't Seen the Last of Me" from "Burlesque" (2010). Subsequently, "I See the Light" won both the Las Vegas Film Critics Society Award for Best Song and the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media. Since its release, the song has been recorded and covered by various musical artists, including musical theatre performers David Harris and Lucy Durack, and classical singer Jackie Evancho.
Background.
The concept of an animated film based on the Brothers Grimm fairy tale "Rapunzel" originated from Disney animator Glen Keane in 1998. Veteran Disney composer Alan Menken had just recently completed scoring Walt Disney Pictures' "Enchanted" (2007) when he received a telephone call from Walt Disney Animation Studios in 2008, who invited him to compose the music for the studio's then-upcoming animated film "Tangled." Upon accepting, Menken invited frequent collaborator Glenn Slater, with whom he had previously worked on Disney's "Home on the Range" (2004) and the Broadway musical adaptation of "The Little Mermaid" (1989), to serve alongside him as his co-writing lyricist once again. 
Aware that "Tangled "would not be "a musical like "Beauty and the Beast" or ["The" "Hunchback of Notre Dame"", on both of which Menken worked as a composer, Menken described the film as a "hybrid" because it is "far from classic break into song musical." For "Tangled", Menken challenged himself to come up with a different, unique sound that would differ significantly from the musical styles of his previous Broadway musical-influenced film projects and compositions. Inspired by the ongoing motif of Rapunzel's "long hair and the freedom she wanted", Menken decided to draw particular influence from the musical genre of 1960s folk rock, citing the musicianship and artistry of Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell as a major source of musical inspiration.
Writing and recording.
When it came to writing the film's songs and musical numbers, Menken and Slater "looked for what is going to be an appropriate song moment for the main characters." In the specific case of "I See the Light", Menken elaborated, "The lantern song ... flows pretty much out of the sense of completion and finally sees the lanterns and has this moment. It’s more of a montage number." 
Menken and Slater had originally intended for "I See the Light" to sound more "anthem-like". The songwriters eventually changed their minds, deciding to re-write "I See the Light" into a gentler, more folk-oriented song. Menken spoke of the creative writing process, "we began throwing melodies up, doing songs and riffs and harmonies, and we waited for something to stick". Additionally, Menken later admitted that, out of "Tangled"'s five songs and musical numbers, he is most proud of "I See the Light" because it "is a great moment in the film and I am very happy with the beauty and simplicity of the song." 
Similarly, co-director Byron Howard also took an immediate liking towards the song. Hailing "I See the Light" as his favorite of the film's songs, Howard elaborated, "The moment Nathan Greno and I heard Alan Menken's demo we knew that one would be a classic."
A romantic duet performed during the narrative portion of the film by its two main characters, Rapunzel and Flynn Rider, "I See the Light" was recorded by American recording artist and actress Mandy Moore as the voice of Rapunzel and American actor Zachary Levi as the voice of Flynn Rider. While filming "Tangled", Moore and Levi physically encountered and worked with each other only twice, once on two separate occasions, the purpose of one of which was to record the vocals for "I See the Light". According to Levi, he and Moore first rehearsed the song live accompanied by the film's 80-piece orchestra before eventually being divided into separate isolation booths to record their respective lyrics, verses and harmonies individually.
Context and scene.
Occurring towards the end of "Tangled", "I See the Light" takes place during the film's second act soon after Rapunzel and Flynn Rider have finally completed their grueling journey from Mother Gothel's tower to Corona, arriving in the kingdom just in time to experience its annual lantern-lighting ceremony, which Rapunzel has spent eighteen years – her entire life – observing at a distance from the confinement of Gothel's tower. There the couple embarks on a boat ride to watch the ceremony as "the night sky illuminated with a sea of lanterns." During the pivotal scene, described by critics as the film's "emotional peak" because of the fact that "Rapunzel’s dream of watching the floating lanterns seems to be reali[zed", the musical number both "highlights the ... flight of the lanterns" while essentially triggering Rapunzel and Flynn’s "budding romance", who are gradually beginning to fall in love.
According to Marianne Paluso of the "Catholic News Agency", Rapunzel, during the scene, "finally sees for herself the wondrous floating lanterns she’s yearned to see her entire life". Meanwhile, the audience is shown the way in which "love ... has blossomed between" the film's two main characters. Commonly referred to by critics as one of "Tangled's ""showstopping moments", Rapunzel and Flynn perform the romantic duet while "play off each other" as they continue to fall in love
As a result of "I See the Light"'s setting, romantic context and lyrical content, several comparisons have been drawn between both the song and its corresponding scene and various romantic musical sequences from a number of preceding Disney animated feature films, the most frequently referenced of which are "Kiss the Girl" from "The Little Mermaid" (1989) and "A Whole New World" from "Aladdin" (1992), both romantic ballads also composed by Menken. One particular reviewer, Steven D. Greydanus of "Decent Films Guide", drew comparisons between the scene and the musical "Nutcracker Suite" sequence from Disney's animated feature film "Fantasia" (1940), describing it as "a moment of visual transcendence."
Throughout the filmmaking process, "Tangled"'s co-directors Byron Howard and Nathan Greno continued to hold the scene in particularly high regard, constantly boasting to the production team that "I See the Light" "will be the most spectacular animated sequence you've ever seen." According to Greno, the use of 45, 000 floating lanterns during the scene was directly inspired by traditional Indonesian ceremonies during which people "set up rice paper lanterns and send them into the sky."
Composition.
A "dreamy" love song that embodies a "classic romantic feel", "I See the Light" is a "peppy and cheerful" romantic pop ballad accompanied by a "soaring" melody that spans a length of three minutes and forty-four seconds. Stylistically combining both classical and contemporary music with folk influences, the lyrics of the "endearing" romantic duet center around main characters Rapunzel and Flynn while describing their developing romantic relationship, which is finally beginning to allow the couple to " life in a whole new way" as they "begin to connect romantically," ultimately falling in love.
According to the song's official sheet music, published by Walt Disney Music Publishing at the website Musicnotes.com, "I See the Light" is a mid-tempo pop ballad, written in the key of C major (later changing to E♭ major) at a moderately slow tempo of 104 beats per minute. Combined, Moore and Levi's vocal ranges span over two octaves, with Levi singing the low note of B♭2 and Moore singing the high note of E♭5. In addition to vocals, the song's instrumentation also encompasses harp, acoustic guitar and orchestra.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Song.
Musically, "I See the Light" has received mixed to positive reviews from critics, many of whom were generally underwhelmed by the film's songs. Catherine Jones of the "Liverpool Echo "reviewed "I See the Light" positively, hailing the song as a "rousing love ballad". While Jessica Dawson of Common Sense Media described "I See the Light" as a "sweet duet", Common Sense Media's Sandie Angulo Chen called it a "great" love song. Lindsey Ward of Canoe.ca praised both Moore and Levi's vocal performance, commenting, "their work on the film's signature love ballad ... is bound to melt some hearts."
Meanwhile, several critics have reacted much less favorably towards "I See the Light". Scott Chitwood of ComingSoon.net described the song as nothing more than "pretty good". Tim McCall of "The Star-Ledger "reviewed "I See the Light" very negatively, describing it as both "predictable" and "the sort of thing you'd plug your ears through". McCall went on to pan Slater's lyrics, describing them as a "dull ... twenty-car pileup of cliche." "Time"'s Richard Corliss described "I See the Light" as a "generically tuneful love ballad". In another review, Corliss similarly commented, "'I See the Light' ... isn't the most inventive of Menken melodies". Questioning the song's originality, Cindy White of IGN described "I See the Light" as "unmemorable". Filmtracks.com wrote a mixed review, describing Levi's vocal performance as "conservatively appropriate" while criticizing Moore for "lacking in depth of inflection."
Lantern sequence.
Contrastingly, the climactic musical sequence during which "I See the Light" is performed by Rapunzel and Flynn, commonly referred to as the "lantern sequence", has fared significantly better than the song itself, garnering widespread acclaim from film critics. Keith Uhlich of "Time Out" described the scene as "especially wonderful", while "Digital Spy"'s Simon Reynolds similarly hailed it as one of the film's most "striking moments". Although Georgie Hobbs of "Little White Lies "wrote that, lyrically, "I See the Light" is "nothing special", she went on to praise the scene, describing it as a "treat ... that will clinch it for romantics and 3D tech-heads alike." "Radio Times"' Alan Jones labeled the sequence one of the film's "most beautifully uplifting moments". Similarly, Christian Blauvelt of Slant Magazine highlighted the scene as one of "Tangled"'s "few moments of otherworldly beauty".
The "New York Post"'s Lou Lumenick, whose response to the film's use of 3D was generally mixed, described "I See the Light" as "the year’s best use of 3-D". Likewise, Dan Kois of "Westword "commented, "while "Tangled"'s 3-D is mostly unobtrusive, the lights swooping over the audience might be the most crowd-pleasing three-dimensional filigree I've seen yet." Rediff.com's Sukanya Verma praised both the scene and the song, writing, "it's the luminous imagery of ["I See the Light"], merging the reach of technology with Menken's sublime melody that produces a spectacular celluloid moment." Tasha Robinson of "The A. V. Club "opined, "even a falling-in-love sequence cribbed in part from "The Little Mermaid" is overwhelmingly magical." Colin Covert of the "Star Tribune" wrote, "A romantic boat ride beneath a constellation of floating lanterns is one of the more breathtaking episodes of gratuitous beauty". "MSN Movies"' Glenn Kenny hailed the scene as one of "the most dazzling pieces of moving artwork executed in any animated movie". 
Awards and accolades.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences decided to modify the nomination rules pertaining to the Academy Award for Best Original Song after Menken's "Enchanted "garnered three separate nominations for the award in 2008, decreasing the nomination limit from three to only two from any individual film. After the release of "Tangled", Menken revealed that the studio will only be submitting one song from the film to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for consideration for the Best Original Song award at the 83rd Academy Awards in 2011 "to avoid songs canceling each other out if nominated." Menken decided upon "I See the Light" because he considers it " the heart and center of" the film and "seems to be the one that can break out." Additionally, several critics expected the song to win Best Original Song, including "Time"'s Richard Corliss.
As widely anticipated, "I See the Light" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 83rd Academy Awards in 2011, becoming Menken's nineteenth Academy Award nomination. Menken said of the accomplishment, "I don’t take it for granted at all". However, the song ultimately lost to Randy Newman's "We Belong Together" from "Toy Story 3" (2010), another animated feature film released by Walt Disney Pictures, produced by Pixar Animation Studios. Previously, "I See the Light" had garnered a Golden Globe nomination for Best Original Song at the 68th Golden Globe Awards in 2011, which it lost to"You Haven't Seen the Last of Me" from "Burlesque" (2010), written by Diane Warren and performed by Cher. Lastly, "I See the Light" was nominated for Best Song at the 16th Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards in 2011, losing to "If I Rise" from "127 Hours" (2010).
"I See the Light" went on to win the Las Vegas Film Critics Society Award for Best Song in 2010, and the Best Song Written for Visual Media Award at the 54th Grammy Awards in 2012.
Babble.com ranked "I See the Light" as one of the "Greatest ... Disney Movie Moments".
Live performances and cover versions.
In celebration of the song's Best Original Song nomination, Moore and Levi performed "I See the Light" live at the 83rd Academy Awards in 2011, accompanied by Menken himself piano. For the performance, Moore asked that she be provided with a "showstopping" dress, specifically requesting that it not resemble a Disney costume. To comply, fashion designer Monique Lhuillier "incorporated elements of three dresses Moore loved" into the final dress, resulting in a full-skirted cobalt blue gown. Moore revealed that she was feeling confident about the performance "until about two minutes before the show". Moore also said of the performance, "It was the most intimidating audience I performed for ... I made a point not to look at anyone … because I was nervous."
Australian actor and singer David Harris included his rendition of "I See the Light" on his second studio album "At This Stage" (2011), recording the song as a duet with Australian actress Lucy Durack. "Theatre People"'s Simon Parris" "wrote of Harris' version, "the gorgeous duet .. will have listeners rushing out to watch their Tangled blu-ray again." American classical singer Jackie Evancho recorded "I See the Light" for her fourth studio album "Songs from the Silver Screen" (2012) as a duet with American singer Jacob Evancho, her elder brother. Amazon.com described Evancho's rendition as a "very special duet."

</doc>
<doc id="31076414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076414" title="Liz Vandal">
Liz Vandal

Liz Vandal is a French Canadian fashion/costume designer best known for designing the costumes for the Cirque du Soleil show, OVO. Her style, which is inspired by futuristic super heroes, insects, and medieval armor, was found helpful in creating the OVO costumes, a show that brings different insects to life. Vandal was born in Montreal, Canada in 1965.
Life and career.
As a child, Vandal wanted to be a dancer, and in college she majored in computer science, but came back to fashion after “gaining some logic.” She has a son named Leonard. Curque Du Soleil contacted Vandal twice in the past to design their costumes, but both times fell through.
She began her career as a fashion designer in 1988. She has designed costumes for several company’s and organizations such as the National Ballet of Canada, the Back Street Boys, and the Washington Ballet. In 1990, she began her long career of designing costumes for Édouard Lock, founder of the Montreal dance company, La La La Human Steps. She designed for shows such as "Infante c'est destroy" (1991), "2" (1995), "Exaucé/Salt" (1999). She also designed costumes for Lock’s "Amelia" (2002), "André Auria" (2002) and "Opéra de Paris and Amjad" (2007). In 1992, at age 23, she founded Vandal Costumes with partner Yveline Bonjean, where they create costumes in the fields of fashion, theatre, opera, music and film, specializing in dance. The Backstreet Boys hired her in 2000 to design the costumes for their Black 'n Blue tour. In 2002 she designed costumes for the films The Lathe of Heaven directed by director Philip Haas and La Turbulence des Fluides by director Manon Briand. In 1997, Vandal and Bonjean of the Vandal Costumes was nominated for Best Achievement in Costume Design at the 18th Genie Awards for "Night of the Flood", a 1996 Canadian film by director Bernar Hebert.
Cirque Du Soleil.
OVO is the first Cirque Du Soleil show that Vandal has designed for. In an interview about her childhood fascination with insects Vandal said: “Insects were here before we (humans) were here, and they will probably be here after we are gone, and we would die without them.” Cirque du Soleil director, Deborah Colker, told Vandal that she wanted an evocation of the insects, not an imitation. Inspiration for the outfits came from French fashion designer Pierre Cardin’s graphic lines and geometric shapes, Renaissance garments’ slashed sleeves and the pleating techniques of Japanese fashion designer Issey Miyake. From early 2008 to the spring of 2009, Vandal and the Cirque du Soleil team created 17 different insect costumes including a spider, a mosquito, a firefly, ant, butterfly, and cockroach. The initial cricket costumes each took 75 hours to make. The first insect costume Vandal envisioned was the spider, which she draw a real spider and turned it into a woman’s body. Vandal used the Cirque laboratory to develop her own fabrics and textile for the costumes to be sure that each were elastic enough for a great deal of movement. It was important to create the insect costumes in sections with stretchy material, allowing the performers to move easily. At first, Vandal considered using biodegradable materials for the OVO costumes. But, eventually she opted for the usual polyester and Lycra, because their longevity made them more “green” in the long run.

</doc>
<doc id="31076420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076420" title="Alford-Nielson House">
Alford-Nielson House

The Alford-Nielson Home, is the only example of Second Empire French Victorian Architecture in Ferndale, Humboldt County, California.
History.
In 1874, James E. Brown built what is now the back part of this house at a different location, 421 Main Street, in the current Main Street historical district.
William B. Alford (1851-1921) a local pharmacist after whom the house is named, arrived in Humboldt County at age 21 in 1872 and moved to Ferndale in 1875 where he jointly owned a drugstore with his brother Frank A. Alford, M.D. immediately adjoining the former location of this house in the Main Street district.
Dr. Alford married Mary Richmond in San Jose, California in 1877; the Second Empire French Style front building was added in the same year.
In June 1893, the property was purchased by furniture dealer H.J. Mueller (1864-1900) who moved the house with the Alford family in residence to 1299 Main Street. Six months later, the Alfords moved out and the Mueller family moved in. The Muellers put an addition to the house in February 1896. The house and furnishings were purchased by Ed Mowry in August, 1903 and the Muellers moved to Livermore, California.
The next owner, Maurice Nielson, lived there fifty-five years to 1977. He was one of the developers of modern creamery operations in Humboldt County. Neilson was followed by a couple who started and finished a seven-year restoration then sold the house to Tom and Maura Eastman who filed for the home to be added to the National Register of Historic Places. It was accepted at 112 years of age on 23 January 1986.
The home sustained significant damage and fell off its footing in the 1992 Cape Mendocino Earthquakes, but was restored.

</doc>
<doc id="31076422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076422" title="Mini Motor Racing">
Mini Motor Racing

Mini Motor Racing is an Isometric Arcade Style Racing Game developed by The Binary Mill for the iOS and Android platforms. It was released on the iTunes App Store on December 8, 2011, and on the Google Play Network on May 11. The game features vehicle, race and environment physics, vehicle upgrades, day and night tracks, single player career, quick race and multiplayer modes along with Game Center leaderboards and achievements. "Mini Motor Racing" also uses Apple's iCloud to store and sync progress across iOS 5 devices.
Gameplay.
Mini Motor racing is an arcade-style racer with strong emphasis on fun over realism. Rather than controlling acceleration and braking, the user must instead master powerslides and timely nitrous boosts to succeed. Cars regularly crash into the environment and each other, but there is no vehicle damage, only a time penalty. The game uses a modified version of the Unity physics engine to model these collisions. 
Placing first, second, or third in a race nets the player cash rewards, which can be supplemented through in-game cash power ups. This money is used to unlock additional vehicles and tracks, or to upgrade existing vehicles when playing career mode. 
The game uses HD graphics, and while the game is set in an isometric view, the cars and tracks are full 3D models. Several control schemes are available for the user's selection, though physical controls such as those on the Sony Xperia Play are not supported.
"Mini Motor Racing" uses Apple's Game Center platform for social play, featuring competitive per-track leaderboards and achievements. Multiplayer gameplay is supported through WiFi and Bluetooth, allowing for up to 4 players in WiFi and 2 players through Bluetooth connectivity.
Mini Motor 1.5 Update.
A large update for Mini Motor Racing was released in early May 2012. The update added new content, including cars and tracks, but the most notable addition was the inclusion of online multiplayer for iDevices. Previously, the game supported only local area multiplayer.
Reception.
Mini Motor Racing has been well received by critics, with high praise for its graphics, gameplay, and depth though there has been criticism over sometimes buggy terrain and collision physics. 
The app has been selected as the featured app for both the iTunes App Store and the Google Play Network.

</doc>
<doc id="31076429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076429" title="Lance Pendleton">
Lance Pendleton

Lance Michael Pendleton (born September 10, 1983) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent.
Early life.
Pendleton was born to David and Terry Pendleton. Pendleton attended Kingwood High School from 1999 to 2002, where he played for the Kingwood Mustangs. Pendleton lead his team in both earned run average (ERA) and batting average at times.
College career.
Pendleton attended Rice University, where he played for the Rice Owls baseball team. In 2003, Pendleton was a member of the College World Series champions, the first victory for Rice in its fourth tournament appearance. He rounded out his college career in 2005 with a 5-3 record and a 3.7 ERA.
Professional career.
Pendleton was selected in the fourth round (139th overall) of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft by the New York Yankees. Shortly afterwards, Lance elected to undergo Tommy John surgery. Returning to the Yankees farm club in 2007, Lance played for 6 teams in 5 years, compiling a 32-22 record and a 3.39 cumulative ERA.
In the 2010 Rule 5 Draft, Pendleton was taken by the Houston Astros. He was returned to the Yankees on March 27, 2011. He was promoted to the majors on April 15, when Phil Hughes was placed on the disabled list.
Pendleton was designated for assignment by the Yankees and claimed off waivers by the Astros in September 2011. Allowing nine runs in innings with the Astros, they outrighted him to the minor leagues following the season. As this was the second time he was outrighted, he had the option to opt for free agency, which he exercised. The Astros signed Pendleton to a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training for the 2012 season. On March 30, 2012 Pendleton was released by the Houston Astros>

</doc>
<doc id="31076430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076430" title="Waterfalls of Ukraine">
Waterfalls of Ukraine

Ukraine has diverse geographic features, including several waterfalls. A vast number of rivers run through the mountain ranges. The snow melt from the mountains feeding the rivers and sudden drops in elevation create many opportunities for waterfalls to form.
Carpathian waterfalls.
Most of the waterfalls in the Carpathian Mountains are short and cascade waterfalls. The highest waterfall is the Maniava waterfall, located near the Maniava village (Bohorodchany Raion) which is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="31076431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076431" title="Peddavoora">
Peddavoora

Peddavura or Peddavoora () is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Peddavura mandal includes: Basireddypally, Chalakurthy, Chintalapalem, Kothalur, Nellikal, Parvedula, Peddavoora, Pinnavoora, Pothnur, Pulicherla, Sirsanagandla, Theppalamadugu, Lingampalli, Peddagudem, Thungathurthy, Thunikinuthala, Utlapally, Velamgudem, Garnekunta,chintapally,nagarjuna sagar ,battugudam,sangaram etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31076435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076435" title="Marwan (rapper)">
Marwan (rapper)

Mohamed Marwan (in Arabic محمد مروان) better known as just Marwan (b. 1980) is a Danish-Palestinian rapper. Formerly known as SLP (Statsløs Palæstinenser, literally Stateless Palestinian), he also belongs to the Aarhus crew Pimp-A-Lot.
Marwan has been writing rap songs since 2000 and starred, among other things, Pimp-A-Lot releases "Uden om systemet" in 2001 and "I er selv uden om det" in 2003.
Marwan released his debut album "P.E.R.K.E.R." on the Danish indie record label Tabu Records. The album was produced by Tabu Records Lounge Lizzard and Marwan's main producer, Abu Malek. He followed it up in 2011 with the album "Mennesker" on the same label.
Marwan is now in Full Impact Productions (F.I.P.) or Full Impact Productions Gangsta' Crew (F.I.P.G.C.)

</doc>
<doc id="31076437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076437" title="Sela pri Dolenjskih Toplicah">
Sela pri Dolenjskih Toplicah

Sela pri Dolenjskih Toplicah () is a village southwest of Dolenjske Toplice in the historical region of Lower Carniola in Slovenia. The Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sela" to "Sela pri Dolenjskih Toplicah" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="31076440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076440" title="Exitium">
Exitium

Exitium is a Grind band from Norman, Oklahoma, formed in September 2001 by Kirk Kirkwood, Andy Bread, Justin Jones, Brandon Carrigan, and Brian Carrigan. They have released 2 studio albums: "Mechanical Expressions of Purpose" in 2004 on Compulsive Blasphemer Records (now Debello Records), and "Outsourcing Morality" in 2006 on Deepsend Records.
They have played well over a hundred shows in the Midwest, including the Gathering of the Sick festival in 2006, and have performed with many other popular metal bands, such as Cripple Bastards, Fuck the Facts, Genghis Tron, Phobia (band), Cephalic Carnage, Destroy Destroy Destroy, Municipal Waste (band), Rumpelstiltskin Grinder, Goatwhore, Cattle Decapitation, Exhumed (band), Misery Index (band), Unsane, Neuraxis (band), Origin (band), Unearthly Trance, Minsk (band), Capitalist Casualties, and Devourment.
As of 2011, there are only two original members still in the band.
Biography.
Exitium was formed in September 2001 by guitarists Justin Jones and Kirk Kirkwood. Within days, Brian Carrigan (drums, formerly of Humanicide), Brandon Carrigan (vocals, formerly of Humanicide), and Andy Bread (bass, formerly of Biomass) were brought on board. A year of constant live performance was followed by the recording of a full length album '"Mechanical Expressions of Purpose" in July o...f 2002, at Soundpaige studios in Norman, OK. The album impressed fans with a grainy, double-vocal grind assault. After agreeing that Compulsive Blasphemer Records would put out the album, 'Mechanical...' was released and Exitium was ready to start rehearsing material for 'Outsourcing Morality'. 
Utilizing a relentless and belligerent stage presence, Exitium amassed a following with "Outsourcing..." material in neighboring states such as Kansas, Texas, and Colorado, often with bands Kill the Client and Catheter. After a short hiatus Exitium entered the studio December 17 and 18 of 2004 to record the second full length With Kill the Client bassist James Delgado in Garland, TX. Exitium's sophomore effort was well received as much more diverse and technically adept work than the previous album, featuring guest vocals by "The Champ" Morgan of Kill the Client. The album scathes audiences with iconoclastic sociopolitical commentary, dramatic dysphemisms, apocalyptic vision, drug-induced banterings of philosophical catharsis, and mind-blowing musical creativity.
It was after the album had been recorded, that singer Brandon 
Carrigan would leave the band, to be replaced by guitarist Justin Jones. Cody Stanley (guitar, formerly of Biomass) then filled Justin's spot. "Outsourcing Morality" was released on Deepsend Records June 20 of 2006 shortly after second guitarist Cody Stanley and Exitium parted amicably. In March 2007, the band underwent yet another line-up change, leaving guitarist Kirk Kirkwood, and bassist/vocalist Andy Bread to sign on session drummer Eric Park of Devourment and Wrought of Obsidian to record a new full length album tentatively titled "Grind After Death." The album was never recorded due to geographical distances between members. 
In June 2011, Kirk and Andy hired Zach Mansur of Uranium Death Crow and Humanicide (OK) to play drums on the new album, and brought Cody Stanley back on as a second guitarist. Andy Bread stepped up to fill the empty vocal position, and they are now working on their third album in Norman, Oklahoma.
Discography.
Mechanical Expressions of Purpose.
Between 2001 and 2002, the band wrote the material for "Mechanical Expressions of Purpose". It was recorded at Sound Paige Studios in Norman, OK. The album mixes elements of crust-punk, grindcore, and Swedish death metal. The production is raw and grainy, with constant vocal changes and the short song-lengths typical of the genre. The lyrical content is unusually diverse, including songs on population sustainability, cosmic apocalypse, the philosophy of military service, nightmares, the future of reason, and the hypocrisies of Christianity. One of the more popular songs on the album, “Decay of the Mind,” was based upon the experiences that vocalist Brandon Carrigan had while working in a retirement home. It was released on Compulsive Blasphemer Records in 2003, and featured art by Austin White and Robert Rogers. It was surprisingly well received by a diverse community of fans, as it was widely discussed on the Relapse Records message board.
Outsourcing Morality.
In 2004, the band recorded the album "Outsourcing Morality" in Garland, Texas. It was engineered by Kill the Client bassist, James Delgado, and mastered by Scott Hull of Pig Destroyer. It features guest vocals by “Champ” Morgan of Kill the Client, and art by Max Rodriguez and Kirk Kirkwood. It was released on Deepsend Records in 2006, and distributed internationally. This second album was significantly more complex, and featured much more virtuoso guitar work, elaborate drum sequences, sixty-fourth-note bass solos, and death metal influences. The guitar work had expanded its reach to include, for the first time, much more melodic movements, such as the ones that appear on the songs “Only in Death” and “A Dying Act of Defiance.” The lyrical content was as diverse as it was on the first album, and included songs about Wall Street corruption, existential philosophy, unethical corporate business practices, consumer culture, the virtues of suicide, and the inherent worthlessness of human beings. It was iconoclastic in its ability to cross multiple genres, and was reviewed in publications such as Metal Edge and Terrorizer magazine. Online reviews were mixed, citing the short album length and raw production as disappointments, and several reviewers recommended it only to die-hard fans of the genre.

</doc>
<doc id="31076446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076446" title="Surowitz v. Hilton Hotels Corp.">
Surowitz v. Hilton Hotels Corp.

Surowitz v. Hilton Hotels Corp., 383 U.S. 363 (1966), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure did not require courts to summarily dismiss fraud cases when the complaints were based on a thorough examination.

</doc>
<doc id="31076447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076447" title="Ghost Town (Duane Steele album)">
Ghost Town (Duane Steele album)

Ghost Town is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Icon Records on July 4, 2006. Singles released from the album include "Comin' Back Around," the title track, "What D'Ya Say," "Blue Collar Man," "Real Close," "Two People in a Room" and "Bustin' Out."

</doc>
<doc id="31076449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076449" title="Bob Morrow (American football)">
Bob Morrow (American football)

Robert Edward Morrow (May 5, 1918 – July 9, 2003) was an American football player and coach. He played as a fullback in the National Football League. Morrow was drafted in the twelfth round of the 1941 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears and would play that season with the Chicago Cardinals. He played two more seasons with the team before spending a year away from the NFL. During the 1945 NFL season he was a member of the New York Giants. The following season he played with the New York Yankees. Morrow served as the head football coach at his alma mater, Illinois Wesleyan University, from 1947 to 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="31076463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076463" title="Joseph Littledale">
Joseph Littledale

Sir Joseph Littledale (1767 – 26 June 1842) was a British judge.
Life.
He was eldest son of Henry Littledale of Eton House, Lancashire, who was of a Cumberland family. He entered St John's College, Cambridge University in 1783 and was senior wrangler and 1st Smith's prizeman in 1787. He graduated B.A. in 1787 and M.A. in 1790.
Littledale was admitted to Lincoln's Inn in 1786 but moved to Gray's Inn in 1793. He was called to the bar in 1798, and became a bencher in 1821.
Littledale joined the northern circuit, and attended the Chester sessions. In 1813 he was appointed counsel to the University of Cambridge. He enjoyed a good practice. On 30 April 1824 he was appointed, in succession to Mr. Justice Best, to a judgeship of the King's Bench Division, though beyond being appointed John Hullock's colleague in managing the government prosecutions in Scotland in 1822 he had had little official recognition to that point. He took his seat on the first day of Easter term, 5 May 1824, and was knighted on 9 June. He also became Serjeant-at-law at this point.
Littledale resigned because of failing health on 31 January 1841. He was sworn of the Privy Councillor, but died shortly after at his house in Bedford Square on 26 June 1842. He left £250,000. He edited John Skelton's "Magnyfycence, an Interlude" for the Roxburghe Club in 1821.
Family.
On 26 February 1821 Littledale married Hannah Timberlake.
His only daughter, Elizabeth, married Thomas Coventry, barrister-at-law.

</doc>
<doc id="31076473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076473" title="So Ends Our Night">
So Ends Our Night

So Ends Our Night is a 1941 drama war film starring Fredric March and directed by John Cromwell. The screenplay was adapted from the novel Flotsam by Erich Maria Remarque.
Plot.
The story takes place in Germany, Austria, and France during the period that the Third Reich was persecuting Jews and opponents of the regime. Three of the people Josef Steiner (Fredric March), Ruth Holland (Margaret Sullavan) and Ludwig Kern (Glenn Ford) are refugees without passports who are people with no place to go. Each country that finds them has them sent somewhere else because they are people without any rights of residence.

</doc>
<doc id="31076476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076476" title="Pedda Adiserla Pally">
Pedda Adiserla Pally

Pedda Adiserla Pally (), shortly P. A. Pally is a Mandal in Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is also a tehsil in Nalgonda district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. 
The villages in Pedda Adiserla Pally mandal includes: Azmapur, Chilkamarry, Dugyala, G. Bhemanpally, Ghanapur Gate,Ghanpally, Gudipally, Kesamenanipally, Mallapur, Medaram, Nambhapur, P. A. Pally, Pervala, Polkampally, Rampuram, Tirumalagiri, Vaddipatla etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31076486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076486" title="Selišče, Dolenjske Toplice">
Selišče, Dolenjske Toplice

Selišče () is a small settlement on the left bank of the Sušica River in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31076490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076490" title="Miners' health issues during 2010 Copiapó mining accident">
Miners' health issues during 2010 Copiapó mining accident

The 2010 Copiapó mining accident began as a cave-in on 5 August 2010 at the San José copper-gold mine in the Atacama Desert near Copiapó, Chile. The accident left 33 men trapped below ground who survived underground for a record 69 days. All 33 men were rescued and brought to the surface on 13 October 2010 over a period of almost 24 hours. After the last trapped miner was winched to the surface, the rescue workers still underground held up a sign before the camera stating """" (English: ""Mission accomplished Chile"") to the estimated more than 1 billion people watching the rescue on live television around the world.
The San José Mine is about north of Copiapó, in northern Chile. The miners were trapped approximately from the mine entrance. The mine had a history of instability that had led to previous accidents, including one death.
The retrieval of the first miner, Florencio Ávalos, began on Tuesday, 12 October at 23:55 CLDT, with the rescue capsule reaching the surface 16 minutes later. Less than 24 hours later, at 21:55 CLDT on 13 October, all 33 miners had been rescued, almost all in good medical condition, and expected to recover fully. Two miners were suffering from silicosis, one of whom also had pneumonia, and others were suffering from dental infections and corneal problems. Three of the rescued miners had immediate surgery under general anesthesia for dental problems.
Health of the trapped miners.
On 23 August, voice contact was made with the miners. They reported having few medical problems; the doctor in charge of the rescue operation told the media that "they have considerably less discomfort than we might have expected after spending 18 days inside the mine, at deep and under high temperatures and high humidity". The doctors also reported that the miners had already been provided with a 5% glucose solution and a drug to prevent stomach ulcers resulting from food deprivation. Material was sent down in blue plastic capsules nicknamed ("doves", referring to the role of carrier pigeons), taking an hour to reach the miners. Engineers coated the boreholes with a gel in order to ensure the integrity of the shafts and ease the passage of the capsules. In addition to high-energy glucose gels, rehydration tablets, and medicine, rescuers also sent down oxygen after the miners reported there was not enough air. Delivery of solid food began a few days later. Two other boreholes were completed—one for oxygen enriched air, the second for videoconference equipment to allow daily video chats with family members. Relatives were permitted to write letters, but were asked to keep them optimistic.
Out of concern for the miners' morale, rescuers hesitated to tell them that according to the conservative plan, the rescue might take months, with an eventual extraction date close to Christmas. The miners who had been trapped since August would miss many events, including the Chilean Bicentennial celebrations and important soccer games, in addition to their personal anniversaries. The miners were fully informed, however, on 25 August, of the projected timeline for their rescue and the complexity of the plans to get them out. The mining minister reported that the men took the potentially negative news very well.
Rescue workers and consultants described the miners as a very disciplined group. Psychologists and doctors worked with the rescue effort to ensure the miners kept busy and mentally focused. Fluorescent lights with timers were sent down to keep the men on a normal schedule by imitating day and night. The miners affirmed their ability to participate in rescue efforts, saying "There are a large number of professionals who are going to help in the rescue efforts from down here." Psychologists believed that the miners should have a role in their own destiny as it was important to maintain motivation and optimism. They divided themselves into three eight-hour shifts with each shift responsible for handling the palomas, environmental safety, preventing further rock falls, communications and sanitation-related tasks. Luis Urzúa became the overall leader and the oldest miner, Mario Gómez, was chosen to provide spiritual guidance. Mental health experts supported the hierarchical structure to preserve order and routine within the group believing it to be crucial to their mental health.
Doctors determined that Yonni Barrios was the most qualified of the miners to undertake medical tasks and to communicate on health issues, due to his previous medical training. He made daily rounds, administering diagnostic tests, taking samples and updating patient charts, and participated in daily conference calls with the medical team above. He became so busy that he recruited Daniel Herrera to assist with the record-keeping. Barrios vaccinated the group against tetanus, diphtheria, flu and pneumonia. Many of the miners developed severe skin problems due to the hot and wet conditions. They were sent quick-drying clothing and mats so they would not have to sleep directly on the ground. In September, they received first aid kits, which included tourniquets, IV kits, and splints, and they received first aid training by videoconferencing.
Sanitation was an important issue in their hot, humid environment, and the miners took steps to maintain hygiene throughout their confinement. "They know how to maintain their environment. They have a designated bathroom area, garbage area and are even recycling," said Dr Andrés Llarena, an anesthesiologist with the Chilean navy. "They put plastic stuff away from biological , in different holes. They are taking care of their place." The men used a natural waterfall for regular showers and received soap and shampoo from the palomas, while dirty laundry was sent out. They dug out several fresh water sources which doctors determined to be potable and were provided water purification tablets as well.
Environmental and safety issues were also a primary concern. Jimmy Sánchez, the youngest of the group at 19, was assigned as the "environmental assistant", and tested the air quality daily with a hand-held computerized device that measured oxygen, carbon dioxide levels and air temperature that normally averaged . Teams of miners also patrolled their area to identify and prevent potential rockfalls and pry loose hazardous stones from the ceiling, while others worked to divert the streams of water from the drilling operations.
Health Minister Jaime Mañalich stated, "The situation is very similar to the one experienced by astronauts who spend months on end in the space station." On 31 August, a team from NASA in the United States arrived in Chile to provide assistance. The team included two physicians, one psychologist, and an engineer.
After the rescue, Dr. Rodrigo Figueroa, chief of the Trauma Stress and Disaster unit of the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, said there were serious shortcomings in the censorship of letters to and from their relatives above ground and in the monitoring of activities the miners could undertake, as being underground has suddenly turned them into “babies,” he said. But the natural strength of “The 33” managed to keep them alive, and their natural organization into teams as a response to disaster was also part of the human response to threat. And as the miners’ sound minds have seen them through, they will continue to be tested as they now resume life above ground.

</doc>
<doc id="31076493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076493" title="PSID Jombang">
PSID Jombang

PSID stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Djombang (en: "Football Association of Pidie Jaya"). PSID Jombang is an Indonesian football club based in Jombang Regency, East Java. Club played at Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31076500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076500" title="Sandy Gallin">
Sandy Gallin

Sandy Gallin (born 1940) is a producer and talent manager, winner of an Emmy Award.
Career.
Gallin was born in 1940 in New York, the son of middle class Jewish parents. He started in the mailroom of General Artists Corporation, eventually becoming a senior vice president and board member. During this time he played a role in booking The Beatles on The Ed Sullivan Show.
In 1969 he left GAC to pursue personal management and production. Since then he has managed the careers of Cher, Dolly Parton, Michael Jackson, Neil Diamond, Barbra Streisand, Mariah Carey, and Whoopi Goldberg.
He's produced over 20 movies as well as Broadway plays, and has been the CEO of Mirage Entertainment and Sports. He is a close associate of Steve Wynn, Barry Diller, David Geffen, Diane Von Furstenberg, and Calvin Klein.
His 70th birthday party was thrown at Donna Karan's West Village studio, attended by Patti LaBelle, Barbra Streisand, Joan Rivers, Bette Midler, Vera Wang, Renée Zellweger, Richard Gere, Sandra Bernhard, Les Moonves, and Ron Perelman.
Cancer.
In 1988 Gallin battled cancer.
Sexual harassment.
In 1997, Gallin was sued by two former employees alleging sexual harassment. The lawsuit alleged Gallin asked them to coordinate sexual visits with young men, as well as to offer their sexual services to potential clients to secure relationships.

</doc>
<doc id="31076511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31076511" title="Gas and Time">
Gas and Time

Gas and Time is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Jolt Records on June 1, 2010. Singles released from the album include "Farm Girl," "Blessed" and "Waste of Good Whisky."

</doc>
