<doc id="31226540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226540" title="Aboriginal title in the Taney Court">
Aboriginal title in the Taney Court

The Supreme Court of the United States, under Chief Justice Roger B. Taney (1836–1864), issued several important decisions on the status of aboriginal title in the United States, building on the opinions of aboriginal title in the Marshall Court.
The Taney Court heard "Fellows v. Blacksmith" (1857) and "New York ex rel. Cutler v. Dibble" (1858), the first two aboriginal title cases involving indigenous plaintiffs to reach the Supreme Court since "Cherokee Nation v. Georgia" (1830), and the first two cases won by indigenous parties in the Supreme Court. In "Marsh v. Brooks" (1850), in dicta, the Court declared: "That an action of ejectment could be maintained on an Indian right to occupancy and use, is not open to question."
The remaining cases involved no indigenous parties. In "United States v. Brooks" (1850), the Court refused to inquire into allegations of fraud on the part of Commissioner Jehiel Brooks in negotiating a treaty with the Caddo. Following the Marshall Court's precedent, the Taney Court continued to uphold the validity of state land grants issued before the extinguishment of aboriginal title. Depending on the applicable law, the Taney Court held that aboriginal title could sometimes be asserted as a defense in trespass, ejectment, and writ of right actions, even by those with no claim to title themselves.
"United States v. Brooks" (1850).
In 1835, a treaty negotiated by Commissioner Jehiel Brooks provided for the Caddos to cede certain lands to Franois Grappe and his three sons, Jacques, Dominique, and Balthazar Grappe. The Grappes sold the land to Col. Brooks. On February 24, 1846, the United States attorney for the District of Louisiana filed suit against Col. Brooks, alleging that he had fraudulently included the lands within those ceded by the Caddos to the United States. At trial, the judge refused to allow the federal government to read various documents into evidence; the jury returned a verdict for Brooks.
The Court affirmed, holding that "Brooks being the alienee of the Grappes for the entire reservation, he may hold it against any claim of the United States, as his alienors would have done." The court refused to consider "conjectural intimations, which were made in the argument of it, concerning the influences which were used to secure the reservation, or the designs of the commissioner in having it done."
The Seneca cases (1857–1858).
The two aboriginal title cases involving indigenous litigants to reach the Taney Court both involved the Tonawanda Band of Seneca Indians and the Tonawanda Reservation, both argued by John H. Martindale (first as the district attorney of Genesee County, New York, then in private practice), and both originated in the New York state courts.
"Fellows v. Blacksmith" (1857).
"Fellows v. Blacksmith" (1857) was the first litigation of aboriginal title in the U.S. Supreme Court by an indigenous plaintiff since "Cherokee Nation v. Georgia" (1831), and the first Supreme Court case won by an indigenous plaintiff. According to a contemporary "New York Times" article: "The questions involved are of great magnitude, and affect more or less the title to a large portion of the State of New York."
The Court affirmed a judgement for the plaintiff on a cause of action of trespass. Moreover, the Court held that Indian removal treaties could not be enforced by private parties, either through self-help or through the courts. "Fellows" also underscored the importance of the trust relationship between the federal government and the tribes in holding that the federal government retained the sole discretion to enforce, or not enforce, such treaties against the tribes.
"New York ex rel. Cutler v. Dibble" (1858).
"New York ex rel. Cutler v. Dibble" (1858) was a companion case to "Fellows". An individual Seneca party of interest, prevailed in a suit brought under a New York statute authorizing state district attorneys to remove non-Indian trespassers from Indian lands in county courts. At the time "Fellows" was decided, this case had reached the U.S. Supreme Court but had not yet been argued. The defendant-appellants, before the Court, unsuccessfully challenged the state statute under the Indian Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution, the federal Nonintercourse Act and the Treaty of Buffalo Creek between the federal government and the Senecas. Because the Senecas relied on state law, and the defendants relied on federal law, the case is essentially the inverse of Nonintercourse Act litigation of over the next 150 years.
Dicta in disputes between non-Indians.
Several decisions note the extinguishment of aboriginal title as a condition of land grants. More than once, in dicta, the Court cited the purchase of aboriginal title in New Jersey.
Sac and Fox Half-Breed Tract cases (1850–1854).
An 1824 federal treaty with the Sac and Fox tribes set aside a 119,000 acre Half-Breed Tract in Iowa between the Mississippi River and the Des Moines River. The treaty declared the lands inalienable. In 1834, Congress transferred the fee title to the lands to the Half-Breeds, rendering the land transferable. By 1841, the Tract was owned in fee almost entirely by non-Indians. The Taney Court heard for land disputes involving the Iowa Half-Breed Tract: the first two from the Supreme Court of the Iowa Territory; the second two from the United States District Court for the District of Iowa.
"Marsh v. Brooks" (1850), a writ of right action, involved a plaintiff holding an 1839 federal land patent (issued under an 1836 statute) and a trespasser defendant asserting that the plaintiff's title was invalid because of the Half-Breed Tract treaty and legislation. The Iowa Supreme Court refused to let the defendants raise this defense; Justice John Catron, for a unanimous Court, reversed and remanded. The Court provided the following dicta on aboriginal title:
The Supreme Court held that an ejectment defendant could assert the defense of aboriginal title, even if the defendant did not even claim to hold the aboriginal title:
It was also insisted on the argument here, that, as it did not appear that any half-breeds, or their heirs or assigns, were in existence when the trial below took place, the outstanding title relied on could not be set up by the defendants. To which it may be answered, that it was necessary for the plaintiffs to show themselves to be owners of the land . . . ; and if the land had been previously granted, nothing was left to pass by the second patent . . . . The general rule is, that, where the same land has been twice granted, the elder patent may be set up in defence by a trespasser, when sued by a claimant under the younger grant, without inquiring as to who is the actual owner of the land at the time of the trial.
In "Webster v. Reid" (1850), the Court declared unconstitutional an Iowa territorial statute that authorized bench trials against "‘the Owners of the Half-breed Lands lying in Lee County," with notice by publication.
"Marsh v. Brooks" (1852) involved the same parties that had been before the Court in 1850. Having re-filed in federal court, the plaintiffs again prevailed, and this time, the Court (again, the opinion authored by Justice Catron) affirmed. In dicta, the Court offered the following interpretation of the status of aboriginal title in the Spanish Louisiana territory:
That the Sacs and Foxes did claim the country generally, where this land lies, is not controverted; nor was their claim ceded to the United States till 1824. And this raises the question whether, according to Spanish usage, whilst that power governed Louisiana, an existing Indian claim to territory precluded inhabitation and cultivation under a permit to inhabit and cultivate a particular place designated in the permit, and which was in the Indian country. Spain had no treaties with any of the Indian tribes in Louisiana, fixing limits to their claims, so far as we are informed. The Indians were kept quiet, and at peace with Spanish subjects, by kind treatment and due precautions, which did not allow obtrusion on lands claimed by them, without written permits from the Governor; but that such permits were usual, cannot be doubted.
Again in dicta, the Court seemed to apply the concept of adverse possession to aboriginal lands:
plaintiff's tract was held and improved by authority of the Spanish government, and claimed as individual property, to which the Indian right of possession did not extend; of this the Indians never complained, nor do they now complain; no half-breed owner and Indian descendant is defending this suit; it is defended by trespassers, showing no color of claim under the half-breeds, or any one else; shelter is sought under the assumption that Honoré's permit and inhabitation were neither known or recognized by the Sacs and Foxes, and that therefore, the additional article of the treaty of 1804, cannot protect the title of Reddick. . . . t must be presumed that the Indians both had knowledge and assented to Honoreé's claim; and we are furthermore of opinion, that the Indian tribes, and the half-breeds, who claim under them, must be held to knowledge, and to consent, that Honoré took and held, rightful possessions, from the fact of his open and notorious actual occupancy, and holding for himself, in their midst.
"Coy v. Mason" (1854), another dispute between non-Indians, remarked in dicta that the Half-Breed Tract had been held "by the same title, and in the same manner, that other Indian titles are held."
"Dred Scott v. Sandford" (1857).
In dicta, "Dred Scott v. Sandford" made several comments regarding aboriginal title. Chief Justice Taney was not present at the opinion announcement for "Fellows" because he was at home working on the "Dred Scott" opinion, which was announced the next day. "Dred Scott", in dicta, opined the following on aboriginal title:
The situation of was altogether unlike that of the Indian race. The latter . . . were situated in territories to which the white race claimed the ultimate right of dominion. But that claim was acknowledged to be subject to the right of the Indians to occupy it as long as they thought proper, and neither the English nor colonial Governments claimed or exercised any dominion over the tribe or nation by whom it was occupied, nor claimed the right to the possession of the territory, until the tribe or nation consented to cede it.
Justice John Catron, concurring in "Dred Scott", also noted in dicta that:
ecause Congress has express power to regulate commerce among the Indian tribes and to prohibit intercourse with the Indians, that therefore Dr. Emerson's title might be defeated within the country ceded by the Indians to the United States as early as 1805 . . . .
State land grants.
"Lattimer's Lessee v. Poteet" (1840) was an appeal from a judgment for the defendant in an ejectment action in the United States circuit court of North Carolina. It was undisputed that the plaintiff's title arose from a North Carolina state land grant to Cherokee lands within the boundaries demarcated by the federal Cherokee treaties. The sole defense was that the state grant was void because of the federal Cherokee treaties.
Before the Supreme Court, the plaintiffs argued that it was "not in the power of the United States and the Cherokee nation, by the treaty of Tellico in 1798, to vary in any degree the treaty line of Holston; so as to affect private rights, or the rights of North Carolina." The Court responded that, as a matter of fact, the Tellico treaty had merely confirmed the Holston treaty boundaries, both of which were to be interpreted by the parties to the treaty.
The Court held that, as a matter of federal law, the state grants were not void merely because they were granted before the Cherokee's title was extinguished: "The Indian title being only a right of occupancy, the state of North Carolina had the power to grant the fee in the lands, subject to this right. " But, under the North Carolina surveying statute as interpreted by the North Carolina courts, such grants were invalid. Thus, the Court affirmed.
Chief Justice Taney concurred in the judgment, but disagreed that the political branches had interpreted the Tellico treaty to demarcate the relevant boundary. Justice Catron also concurred. He "admit. . . that the contracting parties had the power afterwards to settle its position" but argued that "they never saw proper to do [so." Catron argued that "he land in controversy was granted before this line was run" and thus that the treaty of Holston "will manifestly tend to disturb titles made in reference to another line." Catron concurred only because "the bill of exceptions sets forth not a single fact; and the correctness of the instructions of the Court below cannot therefore be tested by the evidence given on the trial; whether they are right or wrong, it is impossible for me to say"; thus, he defaulted to a "presumption that the instructions were proper."
Justice Wayne dissented without opinion.
"Kinney v. Clark" (1844) involved a Virginia land grant given before the Cherokee aboriginal title to the lands had been extinguished. The Court opined that: "If Clark's entry was made, however, on lands reserved the Cherokees from location by the act of 1779, then it is void, because the act did not open the land office for such purpose, nor extend to the excepted lands." The Court quoted at length from the Long Island treaty (1777) and noted: "This treaty fully explains why the Cherokee country was excepted from the land-law of 1779, and locations on it prohibited; no reasons could add force to its stipulations."
However, the Court determined that: "The opinion of the Court of Appeals in 1791 is conclusive to the point-that if the land in dispute was not Cherokee country, it was not within the exception of the land-law of 1779; and that Clark's title is good, as all the lands in the commonwealth not excepted, were subject to appropriation on Treasury warrants, although claimed by Indians whose lands were not protected from location by statute." Finally, the decision of the United State circuit court of Kentucky was affirmed on the basis of Kentucky's statute of limitations.
Spanish Florida and Louisiana.
The plaintiff in "Mitchel v. United States" (1841) sued the federal government in the Florida state courts, basing his claim on a grant from the Creek and Seminole Indians, ratified by the Spanish during their rule of Florida. The plaintiff's claim was allowed only in part, and he appealed.
Justice Wayne, noted that the case involved the same plaintiff as in "Mitchel v. United States" (1835), a decision of the Marshall Court. Therefore, Wayne opined, "he case before us does not require any discussion upon the nature and extent of the property held by the Florida Indians in these lands, under Spain. That was satisfactorily done in the decision given by this court in the original case." The Court further noted: "We will not enter into the question, how far the appropriation of the land for a fortress, by order of the government, extinguished the Indian title. It might be done successfully, upon the positions taken by this court in respect to the rights of European monarchs to Indian lands in North America, in "Johnson v. McIntosh".
In "Chouteau v. Molony" (1853), Justice Wayne, for a unanimous Court, interpreted a grant from the Fox tribe to be a mere right to mine lead, rather than a grant of land because it was not confirmed by the Spanish authorities as required by Spanish law and because it included a Fox village which the tribe would have been unlikely to cede.
Others.
Chief Justice Taney held in "Maney v. Porter" (1846) that the Court had no jurisdiction to review state court actions claiming money damages from fraudulent land sales where:
he suit was not brought to uphold any title or right which the complainant claimed under the Choctaw treaty, or under the law of Congress which he states to have been passed upon the subject. For he does not ask for a conveyance of the reservations, nor of the Indian title to them. And he does not even aver that these claims are valid, or that he has any title to them; but, on the contrary, charges that none of the claims had been secured, and states that he did not think it probable that they would be obtained by the assignees of the Indians. And as the case has been removed here from the decision of a state court, we have no right to review it unless the complainant claimed some right under the treaty with the Choctaws or the act of Congress . . . . In the case before us, no such title, right, or privilege was claimed by the bill, and of course no decision was made against it in the state court. We therefore can exercise no jurisdiction . . . and are not authorized to examine any questions of fraud or failure of consideration, or breach of contract . . . .
In "Gaines v. Nicholson" (1850), Justice Nelson wrote the following in dicta:
There is no doubt but that all persons in whose behalf reservations were made under Indian treaty . . . and had made improvements thereon . . . were entitled to the section, including their improvements, in preference to any other right that could have been previously acquired under the government; because the land embraced within the section was so much excepted from the cession. No previous grant of Congress could be paramount, according to the right of occupancy which this government has always conceded to the Indian tribes within her jurisdiction.<br>It was so much carved out of the Territory ceded, and remained to the Indian occupant, as he had never parted with it. He holds, strictly speaking, not under the treaty of cession, but under his original title, confirmed by the government in the act of agreeing to the reservation.
In "Doe v. Wilson" (1859), Justice Catron, for the Court, held that a treaty with the Pottawatomie created individual, alienable allotments; thus, the grantee of an individual Pottowatomie had good title.

</doc>
<doc id="31226546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226546" title="Géza Kádas">
Géza Kádas

Géza Kádas (1926 – 1979) was a Hungarian swimmer and Olympic medalist. He participated at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay, and a bronze medal in 100 metre freestyle in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="31226598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226598" title="William Miller Collier">
William Miller Collier

William Miller Collier (November 11, 1867 – April 15, 1956) was United States Ambassador to Spain from 1905 to 1909, the president of George Washington University from 1918 to 1921, and United States Ambassador to Chile from 1921 to 1928.
Biography.
He was born November 11, 1867 in Lodi, New York. He graduated from Hamilton College with a B.A. in 1889 and then a M.A. in 1892. He was a member of the Chi Psi Fraternity at Hamilton College.
After receiving his law degree he was admitted to the New York State Bar Association in 1892 and he then established a law firm in Auburn, New York where he practiced until 1903. From 1903 to 1904 he worked in the office of the United States Attorney General concentrating on antitrust issues. In 1904 he was nominated to be an attorney for the Department of Commerce and Labor.
He was United States Ambassador to Spain from 1905 to 1909. He gave a series of lectures on international law at New York University Law School from 1912 to 1918. He them served as president of George Washington University from 1918 to 1921. He became the United States Ambassador to Chile from 1921 to 1928. 
He died on April 15, 1956, in West Caldwell, New Jersey while visiting his niece, Mrs. James Franklin.

</doc>
<doc id="31226602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226602" title="Rosario Advent High School">
Rosario Advent High School

Rosario Advent High School is a school in Rosario, Batangas Philippines

</doc>
<doc id="31226607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226607" title="György Mitró">
György Mitró

György Mitró (March 6, 1930 – January 4, 2010) was a Hungarian swimmer and Olympic medalist. He participated at the 1948 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay, and a bronze medal in 1500 metre freestyle. He also became European champion in 1500 metres freestyle swimming in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="31226613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226613" title="Affinity Radio">
Affinity Radio

Affinity Radio from "Cambridge" is no longer broadcasting. This station has been confused in the past with "Affinity Radio" from Maidstone in Kent who began broadcasting on the Intranet only on the 14th August 2010 and are still on the air (2014).
Affinity Radio," (referred to on air as 'The All New Affinity')" is a new Variety Hits local radio station from Cambridge, Cambridgeshire. It started broadcasting on 8 April 2011, with a mix of music from the last four decades and a range of local information. Affinity produces more than 70 hours a week of locally produced programming.
"Affinity Radio" was the first ever full-service DAB local station in England.
History and About.
The station originally broadcast from studios in Citylife House in Cambridge from February 2010 – February 2011. "Cambridge City Radio" as it was then known featured specialist music in the evening, and magazine style programmes during the daytime.
In March 2011, Affinity rebranded and ran a Restricted Service Licence on 87.7 FM in Cambridge. On 12 April 2011 the station started broadcasting dynamic DAB DLS digital scrolling text, using UBC Media's Unique Interactive, ManDLS system.
On 16 July 2011 Affinity celebrated 100 days on the air. Early interviewees included Cambridge's MP Julian Huppert, 1980s singer and music producer Nik Kershaw and upcoming group, The Reason 4.
On 10 November 2011, Affinity Radio's DAB Service label changed from 'Affinity_Cambs__' to 'Affinity_Radio___' with a new programme type (PTY) of 'Pop Music'.
On 17 December 2011 the station relaunched as 'The All New Affinity' with new presenters and imaging. 
On 31 December 2011 DAB broadcasts ceased and Affinity's primary delivery platform reverted to online.
Music change.
From 29 September 2011 until 31 December 2011 Affinity Radio temporarily 'flipped' their music format from full Variety Hits, to Hot AC during their daytime and overnight hours, appealing to a 25–54 year old audience.

</doc>
<doc id="31226632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226632" title="Tornadoes of 1982">
Tornadoes of 1982

This page documents the tornadoes and tornado outbreaks of 1982, primarily in the United States. Most tornadoes form in the U.S., although some events may take place internationally. Tornado statistics for older years like this often appear significantly lower than modern years due to fewer reports or confirmed tornadoes.
Synopsis.
Numbers for 1982 were slightly above average, both in terms of number of tornadoes and number of fatalities. Probably the most notable tornado events of the year was the April 2–3 tornado outbreak resulting in 29 fatalities primarily in Texas and Oklahoma and the May 29 Marion, Illinois tornado which killed ten people.
Events.
Confirmed tornado total for the entire year 1982 in the United States.
January.
Throughout January, 18 tornadoes were confirmed across the United States. This is above the annual average of 15.
January 3 – 4.
In early January, a major winter storm affected nearly the entire Contiguous United States, including widespread blizzard conditions in the Midwest. At least 39 people were killed in non-tornadic events as over of snow and winds battered areas from Colorado to Wisconsin. Press reports stated that the storm was the worst sine 1947 in Milwaukee. Four plane crashes that killed ten people were blamed on the storm. Heavy rains produced by thunderstorms in Georgia resulted in flash flooding, killing one person. Severe floods in California, leaving entire homes under water, forced aerial rescues in Sebastopol.
Along the southern edge of the storm, an early season tornado outbreak took place across the Gulf Coast. The first tornado was an F3 that killed one person and injured 17 others in Newton County, Mississippi, becoming the first killer January tornado since 1978. Sixty structures were damaged or destroyed by the tornado, leaving $2 million in losses. Four F2 tornadoes touched down across Alabama during the course of the outbreak. In Clanton, Alabama, two of these tornadoes struck the town an hour apart, forcing rescuers to seek shelter before the arrival of the second. Overall, 11 tornadoes touched down, leaving one person dead, 34 injured and $4.3 million in losses.
February.
In the Contiguous United States, only one tornado touched down during the month of February, marking a record low value that would not be matched until 2010. However, two additional tornadoes took place in Honolulu, Hawaii, both of which were rated F2. Nearly 24 homes sustained damage from one of these tornadoes.
March.
There were 60 tornadoes confirmed in the US in March and six fatalities. Two were killed on March 15 from an F3 storm in Kansas and Missouri. Three others were killed this same day in Oklahoma and Kansas from the outbreak which produced 24 tornadoes, maximum F3 rated. One was killed in Illinois on March 30. A March 18 tornado was rated F4 in Texas and Oklahoma.
April.
There were 150 tornadoes confirmed in the US in April. A major outbreak on April 2–3 resulted in over sixty tornadoes and 29 fatalities. Three tornadoes were rated F4, and one F5 near Broken Bow, Oklahoma (no fatalities). One F4 tornado in Paris, Texas resulted in 10 fatalities and 170 injuries.
May.
There were 329 tornadoes confirmed in the US in May and 14 fatalities. At the time, this set a record for the most tornadoes during the month of May. Two were killed in Oklahoma on May 11 from an F3 tornado. On May 29 an F4 tornado killed ten in Marion, Illinois. Between May 9 and June 2, at least one tornado touched down each day across the United States in a prolonged tornado outbreak sequence, encompassing four separate storm systems. On May 20, two separate outbreaks took place simultaneously.
May 28 – June 2.
The Marion, Illinois tornado outbreak was a small, yet severe series of tornadoes within a larger outbreak that affected southern portions of the Midwestern United States on May 29, 1982. Tornadoes touched down in the states of Illinois, Missouri, and Indiana, with Marion, Illinois being the hardest hit. Ten fatalities occurred there after the town took a direct hit from an F4 tornado. The outbreak also produced a F3 tornado affecting the Conant, Illinois area and several weaker tornadoes in the surrounding area.
June.
There were 196 tornadoes confirmed in the US in June, resulting in four fatalities.
June 10 – 18.
On June 15, there were 7 tornadoes confirmed in Michigan (one as high as F3) causing one fatality and 6 injuries. The one fatality occurred in Jackson County and three of the injuries occurred in Saginaw County.
July.
There were 95 tornadoes confirmed in the US in July.
August.
There were 34 tornadoes confirmed in the US in August.
September.
There were 38 tornadoes confirmed in the US in September, resulting in two fatalities.
October.
There were 9 tornadoes confirmed in the US in October.
November.
There were 19 tornadoes confirmed in the US in November.
December.
There were 96 tornadoes confirmed in the US in December, resulting in seven fatalities. four were killed by tornadoes in Illinois and Arkansas. On December 24, three more were killed in Arkansas and Missouri. One tornado on Christmas Eve was rated F4 that traveled from Arkansas to Missouri. At the time, the number of tornadoes in the month vastly exceeded the previous record of 61 set in 1967. Arkansas and Missouri both experienced the highest number of December tornadoes on record, with 46 and 30 touching down in the respective states. This value was later eclipsed in 2002 when 97 tornadoes were confirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="31226634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226634" title="Jacques Isnardon">
Jacques Isnardon

Jacques Isnardon (15 February 1860 - 14 November 1930) was a French bass-baritone, writer and voice teacher.
After winning a competition at the Paris Conservatory, he made his debut as Baxter in Émile Paladilhe's "Diane" at the Opéra-Comique in 1885, before moving to Brussels and the "Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie", whose history he chronicled. He sang in "Die Meistersinger" at Covent Garden, "Manon" at La Scala and "Le médecin malgré lui" at Monte Carlo before returning to the Opéra-Comique in 1894. His "Le Chant Théâtral" is as much a memoir of his times as a philosophy of vocal pedagogy: "Herein is but one method: the new method for each pupil".
He sang in the world premieres of "Jocelyn" and "Le chevalier d'Harmental"; other roles included Mozart's Bartolo and Rossini's Basilio; Puccini's Colline and Leoncavallo's Schaunard; Masetto, Lescaut, Enrico & at various times 5 roles (Mercutio, Paris, Gregorio, Laurent and the Duke) from "Roméo et Juliette".

</doc>
<doc id="31226639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226639" title="Carlos Roberto da Silva Santos">
Carlos Roberto da Silva Santos

Carlos Roberto da Silva Santos (born April 2, 1981) is an Brazilian footballer who plays for Hamyari Arak F.C. in the Azadegan League.
Club career.
Santos came to Iran in 2006, after being loaned to Sorkhpooshan. In 2010, he joined Hamyari.

</doc>
<doc id="31226641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226641" title="Distagnostus">
Distagnostus

Distagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now Queensland, Australia. It was described by Shergold in 1972, and the type species is "Distagnostus ergodes".

</doc>
<doc id="31226646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226646" title="List of people who have walked across Australia">
List of people who have walked across Australia

People who choose to walk across Australia can choose to walk from either of the geographical extremes of the continent, or from directly opposed cities on opposite shores. The western-most geographical extreme of Australia is Steep Point, whereas the eastern-most extreme is Cape Byron. Similarly, the northern-most geographical extreme is Cape York Peninsula, and the southern-most is the South East Cape. The distance between the east and west as the crow flies is , or from north to south*. The western-most capital city in Australia is Perth, and the eastern-most capital city is Brisbane. The northern-most city is Darwin, and the southern to the southern-most city is Hobart.
Walkers who choose to circumambulate Australia can follow the National Highway for large sections of their journey. Of the people who have successfully circumambulated the continent, it took a range of 365–401 days to complete. Distances involved are in the vicinity of depending on the route taken.
"*Distance calculated by author utilising the resources of Geoscience Australia."
Completed journeys.
The names of the individuals who have walked across Australia have been listed below in chronological order. Sources for data contained within this table have been listed within the body of the article, or where not readily available, directly from the individual concerned.
‡ Kurumba did not exist upon Burke, Wills and King arriving. The site of the town however is widely accepted as the northern-most destination of the Victorian Exploring Expedition.
Robert Burke.
Robert O'Hara Burke was an Irish soldier and police officer, who achieved fame as an Australian explorer. He was the leader of the ill-fated Burke and Wills expedition, which was the first expedition to cross Australia from south to north. The expedition left Melbourne on 20 August 1860 with a total of 19 men, 27 camels and 23 horses. Burke, along with William Wills, John King and Charley Gray, reached the mangroves on the estuary of the Flinders River near where the town of Normanton now stands, on 9 February 1861. Flooding rains and swamps meant they never saw open ocean. Upon returning, the expedition was weakened by starvation and exposure, and was hampered by the tropical monsoon downpours of the wet season. Burke died at a place now called Burke's Waterhole on Cooper Creek in South Australia. The exact date of Burke's death is uncertain, but has generally been accepted to be 28 June 1861.
William Wills.
William Wills was a member of the famous Victorian Exploring Expedition. He was originally appointed as third-in-command, surveyor, astronomical and meteorological observer of the expedition in July 1860 on a salary of £300 a year. The expedition left Melbourne on 20 August 1860 with a total of 19 men, 27 camels and 23 horses. They reached Menindee on 16 October 1860 where Landells resigned following an argument with Burke, where Wills was promoted to second-in-command. Burke, along with William Wills, John King and Charley Gray, reached the mangroves on the estuary of the Flinders River near where the town of Normanton now stands, on 9 February 1861. Flooding rains and swamps meant they never saw open ocean. Upon returning, the expedition was weakened by starvation and exposure, and was hampered by the tropical monsoon downpours of the wet season. Wills died alone at a place called Breerily Waterhole on Cooper Creek in South Australia while waiting for rescue. Burke died soon after. The exact date of their deaths is unknown, but has generally been accepted to be 28 June 1861.
John King.
John King was an Irish soldier who achieved fame as an Australian explorer. He was responsible for the welfare of the camels used during the Burke and Wills expedition who reached the Gulf of Carpentaria. King was the sole survivor of the four men of the expedition, and survived with the help of Aborigines until he was found on 15 September by Edwin Welch - the surveyor in Alfred William Howitt's Victorian Contingent Party. King returned to Melbourne and was hailed as a hero. King never fully recovered from the expedition, and died prematurely of pulmonary tuberculosis on 15 January 1872 aged 33.
Bob and Bill Mossel, Sue Thompson, Annabel Douglas-Hill and Sharka Dolak.
This walk was undertaken to raise funds for the Royal Flying Doctor Service and partly followed in the steps of the Burke & Wills 'Victorian Exploring Expedition', camping at some of the Burke & Wills expedition's dig trees. It is the first documented crossing of the Australian continent entirely by foot and first by a woman. A feature length movie 'Feet Across Australia' was shown on national television and attracted paying audiences at many venues in Australia. 1973 was a very wet season and mud was a major problem on the Birdsville track. Food was buried along the route in advance, otherwise all equipment was carried by the 5 team members with a small handcart. A camel from Arkaroola Sanctuary was briefly part of the expedition. There was no support team as such accompanying the walkers.
Dave Kunst.
Dave Kunst is the first person verified to have walked around the Earth. Kunst's trek began 20 June 1970 and ended 5 October 1974 (the dates in the table reflect his arrival and departure from Australia). During their travels, the brothers collected donations to UNICEF. Unfortunately, John (Dave's brother who was also walking with him) was killed when bandits shot him in the mountains of Afghanistan in October 1972. Dave was also shot in the chest during the same attack, but survived by playing dead. After spending 4 months recovering from his injuries, Dave resumed his journey along with his brother Pete, from the spot where John was killed. As they continued their travels, Dave and Pete were denied access to the USSR, so they flew from India to Australia. Pete returned home during the Australia-leg of the trek, where Dave continued on alone, by this time on his 3rd mule. Unfortunately, the mule died and Dave was left hauling his wagon of supplies himself. He was on the verge of abandoning his supplies, when he fortuitously met Jenni Samuel, a schoolteacher from Perth. She helped pull his wagon with her car, while he walked alongside. Dave returned to Australia for a year after completing his journey. Jenni and Dave later married and are still together as of 2008.
Dennis Bartell.
Denis Bartell became the first person to walk across the Simpson Desert unassisted in 1984, whilst walking across Australia from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Gulf St Vincent. He followed the 'French Line' - a route taken by the CGG surveyor Roy Elkins 21 years prior who also completed the walk but with the assistance of a support crew. In recognition of his achievement, he was named the Australian Geographic's Adventurer of the Year in 1995.
Steven Newman.
Listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the first person to walk around the world solo, Steve Newman crossed 20 countries and walked some 15,000 miles during his four-year journey. For the Australian leg, Steven flew from Bali and commenced his walk in Darwin on 1 July 1985. He travelled south along "The Track" through Alice Springs, Coober Pedy, Adelaide, and on to Melbourne. He concluded in Melbourne on 20 June 1986, before proceeding onto Vancouver for his American leg of the journey.
Steven later published a book documenting his journey in 1989 called 'Worldwalk'. The handmade cart he used to cross the deserts was named 'Roo' and is currently on display at a museum in the USA. His backpack 'Clinger' and the tattered boots he wore across Australia were temporarily displayed in the Smithsonian after his record-setting solo walk around the world was completed. The 1989 Guinness Book of World Records has a large photo of Steve wearing his 'Clinger' and pulling the 'Roo' and in the Australian outback.
Roger Scott.
Roger Scott departed from Darwin for Dover on 6 August 1988, raising funds for the Top End Life Education Centre and the NT Spastics Association. He walked via Kununurra and Halls Creek, arriving at the Eyre Bird Observatory on the southern coast of South Australia on 22 September 1988 where he encountered Ffyona Campbell on her walk across Australia. He then proceeded on to Adelaide, before catching a flight to Devonport and walking to Dover. He completed the walk in 109 days, and traversed the Great Sandy Desert, Gibson Desert, Great Victoria Desert, and Nullarbor Plain on his journey.
Ffyona Campbell.
Starting from John O'Groats on the northernmost coast of Scotland in 1983, then 16-year-old Ffyona Campbell set out to walk around the world. She departed from Sydney on 11 September 1988, and arrived in Fremantle on 14 December 1988 - a journey lasting 95 days. She completed the journey with David Richard, who acted as her support crew and who waited for her every 10 miles.
Her entire journey around the world took a little over eleven years to complete. She completed 31,529 km and raised £120,000 for charity.
Nobby Young.
Through 1993-94, Nobby Young became the only person to walk around mainland Australia. The 16,000-kilometre journey, which took exactly a year to complete, is listed in the Guinness Book of Records. He covered a distance of 14,900 km, whilst raising funds for the 'Life Education Centre'.
David Mason.
In 1998, David Mason walked from Byron Bay to Dalby, where he picked up three camels that would carry his supplies. From there, he walked through the Simpson Desert to Uluru, then across the Gibson Desert to Steep Point. He completed the walk in 236 days, whilst raisng money for the Fred Hollows Foundation. In recognition of his achievement, he was named the Australian Geographic Adventurer of the Year in 1999.
Andrew Harper.
In 1999, Andrew Harper followed the Tropic of Capricorn from west to east accompanied by three camels to carry his supplies. The desert sections of his journey represented pure desert travel as he did not follow any roads or tracks enabling him to keep as true to the TOC as possible. This included traverses of the Little Sandy, Gibson and Simpson Deserts. The expedition was a fundraising walk for the Royal Flying Doctor Service and as recognition for his achievement, he was admitted as a Fellow to the Royal Geographical Society.
Polly Letofsky.
On 1 August 1999, Polly Letofsky left her home in Colorado on a 5-year journey spanning 4 continents and 22 countries. She started her leg across Australia on 29 October 2000 from St. Kilda Pier on Port Phillip Bay in Melbourne, and concluded on 22 July 2001 after arriving in Port Douglas. On 30 July 2004 she concluded her journey having walked over , having raised over $250,000 for breast cancer research, and having officially became the first woman to have walked around the world.
Jon Muir.
On 18 May 2001 Jon Muir walked across Australia with his dog, a Jack Russell Terrier named Seraphine, from Port Augusta to Burketown. It took him 128 days, spanning a distance of approximately 2,500 km. Jon's walk is unique in that he remained self-sufficient for food and water, hauling, gathering or hunting all of his food for the walk. He filmed his journey and produced a documentary entitled Alone Across Australia. Jon has also successfully climbed Mount Everest, and walked to both the north and south poles.
Deborah De Williams.
Deborah De Williams walked around Australia in 2003/2004. She aimed to break the record set by Nobby Young (who was also on her support team), the first person to walk around Australia back in 1993/1994. She broke the record on 23 September 2004, and raised a total of <TBA> for the Kids Help Line in the process. She is the first woman to walk completely around Australia.
John Olsen.
John Olsen has walked across Australia twice, between the northern and southern-most points, and the western and eastern-most points.
His first journey commenced in 2004. John walked 5,622 km unsupported from Cape York to Tasmania in 167 days, and raised a little over $10,000 for a charity working with children with cerebral palsy. On 18 June 2008, John Olsen undertook his second walk, walking from Steep Point, to Cape Byron. He travelled a distance 4752 km, raising $130,000 for the Australian Lions Children’s Mobility Foundation (ALCMF) and the Australian Leukodystrophy Support Group Inc (ALDS). The disparity in distance is due to John walking back to his home in Geelong after reaching Cape Byron. Both the ALCMF and ALDS help children with progressive degenerative brain disease, which gives rise to mobility problems. The progress of John’s second journey was broadcast by Ian McNamara’s ABC radio’s ‘Australia All Over’ program on Sundays. John completed the walk in 200 days, finishing on 3 January 2009.
John’s accomplishment was recognised by Sensis when they depicted him on the cover of the local (Geelong and Colac) Yellow and White Pages directories for 2010/2011
Colin Ricketts.
Colin Ricketts walked solo walk around Australia raising money for kids with cancer. He departed Adelaide on 4 January 2005, returning 15,430 km and 379 days later on 17 January 2006. He pushed a three wheel baby jogger named 'Wilson' and followed National Highway 1 in an anti-clockwise direction.
Jeff Johnson.
On 5 April 2007, Jeff Johnson walked from Port Augusta to Kurumba (Qld) to raise money for the DeafBlind Association of NSW. Motivated by the then recent death of his deaf-blind niece, he raised approximately $5,700 for the charity towards the purchase of a bus for transport of wheelchair bound deaf and blind children. He completed the walk in 151 days, finishing on 2 September 2007.
Deanna Sorensen.
Deanna Sorensen is a Canadian veterinary nurse and motivational speaker. After leaving Perth and crossing the Nullarbor, she travelled south from Port Augusta to Adelaide, along the coast through Mount Gambier to Melbourne, then up the Princes Highway through Eden to Sydney. The total distance of this route, taken from road maps and routemarkers, is 4895 km; with an additional 170 km of additional distance on side-roads and excursions making her total journey a little over 5000 km. She completed her journey in 180 days.
Michael Mitchell.
Michael Mitchell left Cape York on 5 May 2008 on his 'Great Australian Cancer Bush Walk'. He aimed to raise $1 million for cancer research, and was motivated to act because some friends and their siblings (Mick and Maree Egan and Michael's mother, Monica) were living with cancer. He followed the National Bicentennial Trail and The Australian Alps Walking Track for a large portion of his journey.
Michael was able to raise $50,000 for the Cancer Council. The walk was completed in the aftermath of the Black Saturday bushfires. He finished on 3 May 2009 upon arriving at Wilsons Promontory, and was greeted by staff and student body representatives from the school where he works, CRC North Keilor.
Gary Hause.
Gary Hause departed from Cairns on 19 May 2008, and arrived in Torquay on 2 November 2008. The leg across Australia was completed as part of his journey around the world on foot. A detailed account of his journey is available on his website.
Mike Pauly.
Mike decided he would walk from his home in Fremantle to Federation Square in Melbourne via Coolgardie after being diagnosed with osteoarthritis in both knees as a result of being overweight, and reading of Deanna Sorenson’s account of walking unsupported across the Nullarbor. He vowed to complete the walk before his 70th birthday, in a bid to raise funds and awareness for Arthritis WA.
On 16 May 2009, at sixty-nine years old, Mike set off on his lone 3617 km journey walking across the Nullarbor.
Dave Phoenix.
In 2008, Dave Phoenix walked from Melbourne to Kurumba following the route taken by Burke and Wills in 1860-1. Dave is a postgraduate research student at James Cook University studying for a PhD in Australian exploration history, and is the President of The Burke & Wills Historical Society.
Mark Gibbens.
Mark Gibbens left Perth on 22 February 2009 and arrived at Civic Park in Sydney on Monday 18 May 2009.He walked solo for 5200 km in 86 days using his mate Colin Rickett's buggy named "Wilson". Mark undertook the walk to raise money for research into cancer, and as a tribute to a close friend and mentor who died of cancer in 2007. Proceeds from Mark's walk were distributed through cancer research organisations in each state he has walked through, namely the Children's Leukaemia and Cancer Research Foundation in Western Australia, the McGuinness/McDermott Foundation in South Australia, the Victorian Prostate Research Consortium, and the Australian Cancer Research Foundation in New South Wales.
Leigh Thomson-Matthews.
Leigh set off from Perth on 8 March 2010 with his brother Sam. Sydney was their original destination, but the two decided to complete their journey in Melbourne, arriving on 3 July 2010.
Sam Thomson-Matthews.
Sam set off from Perth on 8 March 2010 with his brother Leigh. Sydney was their original destination, but the two decided to complete their journey in Melbourne, arriving on 3 July 2010.
Mike Pauly.
In 2011, then 71-year-old Mike Pauly walked from Melbourne to Perth to raise funds for Arthritis WA. This was Mike's second walk across Australia, having previously walked from Fremantle to Melbourne in 2009. Mike completed both journeys despite suffering from Osteoarthritis in both of his knee joints.
Jeff Johnson.
Jeff Johnson walked 4791 km in 2011, and raised $68,000 for the Newborn and Paediatric Emergency Transport Service (NETS) in the process. This was his second walk across Australia, having recently walked from north to south in 2007.
Jacob French.
Jacob French walked across Australia in 2011-12. He completed the walk wearing the white 'Storm Trooper' armour from George Lucas' Star Wars films, and raised $88,523 for the Starlight Children's Foundation in the process.
Andrew Cadigan.
Andrew "Cad" Cadigan finished a solo walk from Sydney back to Sydney in June 2012. He walked unassisted via Tasmania, Melbourne, Adelaide, Albany, Perth, Broome, Darwin, Townsville, and Brisbane. Cadigan undertook the walk in honour of Chris Simpson, a friend who had died from complications related to myelodysplasia, and raised over $65,000 - $25,000 for The Cancer Council and $40,000 for the Leukemia Foundation. Tragically, shortly after completing the walk, whilst holidaying and recuperating in Thailand, Cadigan suffered head injuries in a motorcycle accident, and later died in hospital in Sydney, on October 5, 2012. A book, written by his author father Neil, about his walk and tragic death was released in 2014. The Leukemia Foundation has struck a research PHD into myelodysplasia, named in honour of Cadigan and Simpson, with a trust called Cad's Cause continuing to raise funds. The book is available through ozonfoot.com.au
Matt Napier.
On February 2, 2013 Matt Napier set off from Perth to walk to Sydney via Adelaide, Melbourne and Canberra to raise awareness of Global Poverty. Matt's walk was unique in that he bounced an AFL football the whole way to symbolise the important role sport plays in alleviating extreme poverty around the world. Matt went through 6 footballs on his trip and was assisted by his wife Wendy who was his support crew. They finished their 4,501 km journey in Sydney live on Channel Seven's Sunrise Program on the 28th of June. The trip came on the back of Matt Cycling from Perth to Canberra (3908 km) the year before to also raise awareness about world poverty. More information about the walk can be found at theglobalpovertywalk.com
Steve Quirk.
Steve Quirk departed Wollongong NSW on 10 January 2014, walking via Wagga Wagga NSW, Mildura VIC and Coolgardie WA, arriving at Fremantle WA on 17 March 2014. Steve walked for 67 days covering 3,925 klms with Gary Jones as his support vehicle driver. Steve took on this walk to raise awareness and funds for the Cancer Council NSW after losing his stepfather Max Dinte to cancer in 2013. More information about the walk can be found on Facebook [one step at a time for a cure.
Brendon E. D. Alsop.
On February 21, 2013 Brendon E. D. Alsop set off, with his dog Jojo, from Geelong to walk around Australia on the Fatmans Great Aussie Trek. A personal odyssey to lose weight Brendon and Jojo walked unaided, pushing a pram, up the East Coast of Australia. With resources running out Brendon amended his destination to Cairns and completed his 4000km trek when he dived into the Lagoon in Cairns on the morning of January 3, 2014. Losing 35kg and raising $12000 for the Australian Cancer Research Foundation and the Andrew Love Cancer Centre in Geelong Brendon dedicated his trek to his father, John Alsop, Nanna, Mary Howard, Aunty Val Howard, Uncle Jack Calderazzo, and friends Richard Beechey, Tim Mahieu, Leny Klupacs and Dr Richard Williams all who lost their lives to cancer. The trek was followed proudly by his mother, Beth Alsop, who lost her fight with cancer only 34 days after Brendon completed his trek. Funds were raised through Partial blog at [http://fatmansgreataussietrek.blogspot.com
Journeys under-way.
The following list provides links to people currently walking or planning to walk across Australia. Only reputable sources have been referenced, in so much as there is proof the individual has commenced the journey, or a reputable charity or organisation has sanctioned a fund-raising event.

</doc>
<doc id="31226650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226650" title="Albán Vermes">
Albán Vermes

Albán Vermes (born 1957) is a Hungarian swimmer and Olympic medalist. He participated at the 1980 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in 200 metre breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="31226661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226661" title="Eolotagnostus">
Eolotagnostus

Eolotagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now Gansu, China. It was described by Zhou in 1982, and the type species is "Eolotagnostus gansuensis".

</doc>
<doc id="31226669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226669" title="Gymnagnostus">
Gymnagnostus

Gymnagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now Oaxaca, Mexico. It was described by Robison and Pantoja-Alor, in 1968, and the type species is "Gymnagnostus gongros".

</doc>
<doc id="31226671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226671" title="John C. B. Firth">
John C. B. Firth

Major John Charles Bradley Firth (8 August 1894 – 23 August 1931) was a British World War I flying ace credited with 11 aerial victories.
Early life.
Firth was the younger son of Mr. and Mrs. Bradley Firth of Bishops Sutton, Hants.
First World War.
Temporary Lieutenant J. C. B. Firth of the Shropshire Light Infantry was appointed a Flying Officer on 17 April 1917 and transferred to the General List of the Royal Flying Corps. Having been assigned to No. 45 Squadron RFC as a Sopwith 1 1/2 Strutter pilot, he scored his first win on 12 July 1917; he helped drive down a German Albatros D.III fighter out of control east of Messines. Ten days later, he would drive another one down over Menen. The squadron then re-equipped with Sopwith Camels; Firth would use this craft for his remaining nine victories.
He began by driving down an Albatros two-seater reconnaissance plane over Passchendaele on 25 September 1917. The next day, he destroyed an Albatros D.III in the same vicinity.
On 8 October 1917, Firth was appointed a Flight Commander, with an accompanying promotion to temporary captain. He set an Albatros D.III aflame on 26 October, to become an ace. On 31 October, he and Peter Carpenter shared in the destruction of a German reconnaissance plane. He scored three "out of control" victories during November to end the year 1917 with nine wins. No. 45 Squadron then moved theaters, to Italy.
On the second day of the new year, Firth shared in the destruction of an enemy reconnaissance plane east of Conegliano and became a double ace. On 18 February 1918, he was awarded the Military Cross for his heroics. "He has on various occasions, during a period of two months, completely destroyed two enemy planes and shot down out of control seven others. The latter, by reason of the manner
in which they were observed to go to earth, were probably all rendered useless for further service. He has set a very fine example as a patrol leader, and has displayed much skill and courage."
Firth would score one more time, driving down an Albatros D.V over Ceggia on 27 March 1918. On 4 September 1918, Firth was promoted to temporary major while posted to the Central Flying School as an instructor.
He was also awarded the Italian Bronze Medal of Military Valor on 2 November 1918.
Post War.
On 14 February 1919, Firth was transferred to the unemployed list of the Royal Air Force. On 29 April 1919, he married a minister's daughter, Ruth Ellen Hodgson, at Winchester Cathedral.
At the time of Firth's death on 23 August 1931, he was in business as a steel manufacturer and residing at Spiral House, Blyth, Worksop, Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="31226682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226682" title="György Tumpek">
György Tumpek

György Tumpek (born 1929) is a Hungarian swimmer and Olympic medalist. He was born in Budapest. He participated at the 1956 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal in 200 metre butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="31226688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226688" title="Pierrequin de Thérache">
Pierrequin de Thérache

Pierrequin de Thérache also Pierre or Petrus de Therache (c.1470-1528) was a French renaissance composer from Nancy.
He served as master of the children from 1500–1527, was maître de chapelle of René II and Antoine de Lorraine and musician in the chapel of Louis XII. He was also connected with the composers Antoine Brumel, Pierre de La Rue, Antoine de Longueval, and Marbrianus de Orto at the reestablished Burgundian musical chapel "la Grand Chapelle" at Mechelen under Archduchess Margaret of Austria, regent for the infant Charles V.
Works, editions and recordings.
Surviving works include three mass settings, three four-voice motets and a magnificat.
His works are found in the Medici Codex of 1518, along with Costanzo Festa, Andreas de Silva, Jean Lhéritier, Johannes de la Fage, Jean Richafort, Adrian Willaert, Antoine Bruhier, Pierre Moulu, Jean Mouton and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31226690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226690" title="Homagnostus">
Homagnostus

Homagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now north Wales. It was described by Howell in 1935. The genus was originally considered to be "Agnostus pisiformis var. obesus" (Belt, 1867).

</doc>
<doc id="31226705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226705" title="Jerry Pittman">
Jerry Pittman

Jerry Pittman (born November 19, 1936) is an American professional golfer.
Pittman grew up in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He played college golf at Southern Methodist University.
Pittman played on the PGA Tour from 1960 to 1970. His best finish was T-5 at the 1962 Greater New Orleans Open Invitational. His best finishes in the majors were a pair of T-7s in 1968 : at the Masters and at the U.S. Open.
Pittman was the club pro at Seminole Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Florida from 1973 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31226719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226719" title="St. George's (Round) Church, Halifax, Nova Scotia">
St. George's (Round) Church, Halifax, Nova Scotia

St. George's (Anglican) Round Church is a wooden round church in the neo-Classical Palladian style located in Halifax Regional Municipality in Downtown Halifax .Construction on the church began in 1800 thanks in large part to the financial backing of the British royal family. The church’s architect remains a mystery, but Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Strathearn (and father of Queen Victoria) is believed to have been highly involved in the design process. The church was originally completely round with a diameter of sixty feet before additions were added in 1822 and 1827.  It is located at the corner of Brunswick and Cornwallis Streets in the North End district.The church was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1983 given its associations with the early history of Halifax and its Palladian architecture.
Little Dutch Church.
The congregation of the Round Church began at the much smaller Little Dutch (Deutsch) Church, located just a few blocks away at the corner of Brunswick and Gerrish Streets. German Lutherans, who were among the founding members of Halifax, started construction on the LDC in 1756. These "foreign Protestants” used a house they had acquired after trading lumber and converted it into a one-room church, known as a “saalkirche”. Construction on the pioneer church was finished in 1758 and the steeple and belfry were later added in 1760. Services were originally held in German, preached by laypersons and were of an evangelical Lutheran bent, despite the church falling under the supervision of St. Paul's Church (Halifax). Just over 40 years later, the congregation outgrew the LDC and work on The Round Church began.
Royal Connection: Prince Edward’s Involvement.
At the end of the 18th century, Halifax was a colonial outpost that lacked aesthetically pleasing public buildings.  Prince Edward, who was stationed with the Halifax garrison between 1794 and 1800, was determined to rectify this situation.  He spearheaded a building campaign that included the construction of a rotunda on the Bedford Basin (better known as the Prince’s Lodge), the Martello Tower, Halifax Citadel Clock Tower, and St.George’s Round Church: all inspired by the Palladian style of architecture. Prince Edward, his elder brother Frederick and their father, George III, who donated the significant sum of £200 towards the costs of the church's construction, supported preparations for the Round Church.
Rev. George Wright held the first service on July 19, 1801.
Early Financial Troubles.
The cost of the church was high and the congregation, never wealthy, struggled to settle it. Private donations, subscriptions, and pew leases made up a great deal of the funds.However, problems arose because some of the funds were contingent on St George’s full adoption of the doctrines of the Church of England. The congregation agreed to follow Anglican liturgical practices and employ an Anglican priest, but they refused to recognize Anglican hierarchy.The congregation worried that the Anglican Church would swallow St George’s.  They insisted upon maintaining their German governing rules and that the church’s property remain in the hands of the elder and wardens – not the diocese. 
Instead of honouring the written promises from the congregation to establish Anglican liturgy and clergy at St George’s, Bishop Charles Inglis worked against the Round Church.Inglis re-routed funds, explicitly dissuaded donors from giving to the church, and proposed building a chapel of St Paul’s in the vicinity to choke out the struggling congregation. In 1811, desperate and facing financial ruin, the congregation finally surrendered and submitted themselves fully to the authority of the Church of England – and of the bishop. The only thing that the largely-German congregation refused to relinquish was the property and buildings of St George’s, which remain to this day the property of those holding the offices of Rector and Wardens.
Regardless of the internal debate, Bishop Charles Inglis was less than impressed with the outcome. Despite the concessions made by the German congregation, Inglis suggested to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (SPG) that St George’s be abandoned as an Anglican church. As a result, the monies promised by the SPG and the Governor’s office were withheld from the struggling congregation. Then, claiming he had no power or persuasion over either organization, Inglis refused St. George’s financial support and threatened the church with closure.
Unfortunately for Inglis, his harsh stance was ineffective and pushed the already alienated congregation over the edge. Instead of caving, as he had hoped, they informed his Reverence that they did not need his money and that they would not be selling their church for funds. Even without a completed interior, they had enough money to fix leaks in the church’s roof and that would be enough. They also repealed some of the inclusive changes they had made to appease Inglis earlier. For example, members of the Church of England could attend services, but only the descendents of German Lutherans were granted voting rights. Inglis’s successor, Bishop Robert Stanser was willing to compromise, and in 1819 St George’s finally received the funds it had been promised in exchange for adopting Anglican liturgy and internal structure. 
St. George’s became its own independent parish in 1827.
The Fire.
On June 2, 1994, fire was accidentally set to the Round Church, causing the dome to crumble and destroying approximately 40 per cent of the building. The fundraising effort received a donation from Prince Charles, who had also attended service at the church in 1983 with Princess Diana. Later in 1994, Prince Philip visited St. George's after taking a personal interest following the fire at Windsor Castle two years earlier; the province's gift to Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke during that visit was a $1,000 donation to the restoration project. In an effort to avoid debt, the restoration took six years to complete and happened in increments when funds were available. The project was completed in 2000 and came in under budget at $4.6 million.
St. George's YouthNet.
St. George's YouthNet is an inner-city youth mentoring and life-skills education organization under the auspices of St. George's and based on its premises. The services offered by St. George's YouthNet include both lunch and after-school programs. The organization also sponsors a series of camps in the summer from toddlers to teens.
A recent initiative of St. George's YouthNet was the Moving Images project.

</doc>
<doc id="31226724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226724" title="7+Fig Shopping Center">
7+Fig Shopping Center

FIGat7th (formally 7+Fig Shopping Center) is an open-air shopping mall located in the Financial District of Downtown Los Angeles. It is nestled between two office skyscrapers, 777 Tower and Ernst & Young Plaza. Though most of the mall is currently closed due to extensive remodeling, some of its current retailers include Starbucks Coffee, Morton's Steakhouse and California Pizza Kitchen. There are also weekly and monthly events hosted by the mall, such as a farmer's market and art exhibitions. 
The mall primarily catered to office workers in Downtown Los Angeles. With the rapid growth of the area's population, however, the mall has started to reposition itself to better serve the needs of the residential community.
History.
The mall opened in 1986 as the "Seventh Market Place", with the Bullock's and May Company department stores as anchors. Bullocks closed in 1997, and May Company became Robinsons-May, closing in 2009.
The mall was renamed "7+Fig" in 2000. In late 2010, Target announced a CityTarget store would open on the location as part of a redesign by the Gensler architecture firm. The mall is owned by Brookfield Properties.
Grand opening of the newly reconstructed shopping center happened in Fall of 2012, renamed FIGat7th.

</doc>
<doc id="31226725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226725" title="Minato Soft">
Minato Soft

Howk Eye founded a sister label named in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31226738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226738" title="Kestratherina">
Kestratherina

Kestratherina is a genus of silversides endemic to the eastern Indian Ocean off of southern Australia.
Species.
The currently recognized species in this genus are: 

</doc>
<doc id="31226782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226782" title="Myxodagnus belone">
Myxodagnus belone

Myxodagnus belone, the Dartfish, is a species of sand stargazer native to the waters around the Bahamas and Puerto Rico where they can be found on sandy bottoms from near the surface to in depth. This species can reach a maximum length of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="31226795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226795" title="Émerson Carvalho da Silva">
Émerson Carvalho da Silva

Émerson Carvalho da Silva (born January 5, 1975) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31226825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226825" title="Mossville Station">
Mossville Station

Mossville Station was a railway station along the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway in Mossville, Illinois. The station was alongside Illinois Route 29 and the Illinois River. It was a flag stop for trains such as the "Peoria Rocket", between Chicago and Peoria. Freight operations are still provided on the single track line by Iowa Interstate.

</doc>
<doc id="31226827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226827" title="Jurassic Museum of Asturias">
Jurassic Museum of Asturias

The Jurassic Museum of Asturias (Spanish: "Museo del Jurásico de Asturias"; "MUJA") is located in the area of Rasa de San Telmo near the parish (administrative division) of Lastres in the municipality of Colunga, Asturias, Spain. Though the municipality of Ribadesella was initially proposed, Colunga was chosen for the building site in the late 1990s. Several landmarks are visible from the museum including the Bay of Biscay, the Sierra del Sueve, and the Picos de Europa. Strategically located over a mount on the Rasa de San Temo, the museum is in the midst the Jurassic Kingdom of Asturias. 
The museum displays and collections cover 3,500 million years, and although they emphasize the three stages of the Mesozoic (Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous), information is also presented on the preceding and subsequent periods. Different stages of the Jurassic geologic period and system are on display. Corridors contain over 20 dinosaur replicas; measuring over in height, their weight would exceed ten tons if the replicas were real. A rich collection of footprints and fossils found in the Asturian Jurassic coastline from ten archaeological sites are exhibited in the exposition halls and are said to be "the most complete informative and representative collection of dinosaur remains in the world." 
Founded March 31, 2004 and representing an investment of 12 million euros, MUJA belongs to the Asturian network of public museums. The museum's goal is to illustrate the factors involved in the composition of life on Earth. The palaeontologist José Carlos García-Ramos from the University of Oviedo leads the museum's scientific team.
Geography.
The museum is located close to the coastline of the Cantabrian Sea and Lastres, a fishing port. It is bounded by the Sierra del Sueve on the south and the Picos de Europa towards the east. MUJA is on the branch road AS-257 towards Lastres, about 1.5 km away.
During a visit to the cliffs of the coastline between Gijón and Ribadesella in the councils of Villaviciosa, Colunga and Ribadesella of Asturias, which is called the “Coast of Dinosaurs”, dinosaur ichnite deposits were found to be in abundance. Jurassic reptile footprints and bone were unearthed during excavations that started in 2005. Fossils found during these excavations are on display in the museum.
Architecture.
The museum, which opened in 2004, was designed by the architect, Rufino Uribelarrea. The building has many special features, particularly the roof, which is in the form of a "fingerprint counter mould kittiwake, feature of the dinosaurs". The building itself is shaped in the form of a giant tridactyl dinosaur footprint. Three ellipsoidal vaults intersect to form the deck space which is a large, open area of . The roof structure is made entirely of laminated wood, a plywood. The entire roof is covered with a copper skin plate, which has been described by the European Association for the Development of Architectural Copper as that "it gradually oxidises to dark brown colour, and then, after several years, the typical green patina of aged copper protects the building and its contents for decades, even in the aggressive marine environment." 
The first floor, ground floor and basement of the building are . Three wide vaults or rooms extend to the ceiling and are divided by the Mesozoic divisions of Cretaceous, Jurassic, and Triassic. The basement houses over 400 tons of fossils that have yet to be classified. The first floor has a temporary exhibition room, a reception room, administration room, and workshops, as well as a library and a laboratory. The ground floor contains a display hall, an audio-visual room and the permanent exposition room, along with an auditorium. The service areas include a store, gardens, cafeteria, and playgrounds.
Collection.
MUJA's main collection centres around 8,000 fossils from Asturias' Jurassic period. Divided into four sections, one contains 150 traces from the coast; another has 200 fossils of dinosaurs, crocodiles, fish, and tortoises; the third has 103 vegetable fossils and eleven tree trunk fragments; and the last has approximately 6,000 invertebrate fossils.
A module explains the geological history of Asturias, focusing on the Jurassic Coast and the marine levels that formed the city of Gijón. Some of the replicas include a couple of copulating "Tyrannosaurus rex", as well as an Argentine "Giganotosaurus", one of the largest known carnivorous dinosaurs. A large-clawed "Deinonychus" is also featured. Quintueles, Oles, and Tazones specimens are housed at the MUJA.
The largest of the finds from the Coast of Dinosaurs are: the footprint of a theropod dinosaur of length, the smallest ichnites of sauropod dinosaurs of about length. Collections in the museum from the coastal finds also include 255 specimens of dinosaur ichnites. Martin Lockley, Palaeontologist of the University of Colorado Denver states that “the collection of ichnites of the MUJA represents one of the most complete worldwide”.
The collection of vertebrates of the Jurassic period is unique. Some of the specimens on display in the museum are an incomplete skeleton of a marine crocodile, a piece of the jaw of a small ichthyosaur, a long specimen of ulna (equivalent to the cubitus bone) of a brachiosaurid, the partial skeleton of a stegosaur, several bones of plesiosaurs, bone remnants of sea turtles (including several shells), and also specimens of several partial fish. Also on display are Jurassic period fossil plants.
In the Triassic hall, there are exhibits of dinosaurs as they first appeared in the Triassic period, 251 to 200 million years ago. The recreated and easily identifiable dinosaurs on display here have bones and footprints or ichnites. Also shown are the gastroliths (stones gulped down by some dinosaurs to crush food in their stomachs), coprolites (fossilized dung), eggs and nests. The "Plateosaurus" dinosaur is the largest on display here.
The Jurassic period, representing the intermediate period of the Mesozoic from 200 and 145 million years ago, considered the grandeur period of the dinosaurs, is represented in the Jurassic hall, which has large sauropods. The display has a unique representation through a cladogram which defines the features of the major groups of the period. Information on display relates to the anatomical features such as weight, neck bonding, arm musculature, circulatory system and the relative size of the skull.
The theropod’s aggressive aspects are shown in the form of their teeth and claws. Ornithopods, which are vegetarian by habit are shown with snouts, tooth batteries, mobile skull bones jowls and with hoped feet. Thyreophorans exhibits depict their defensive anatomical features against predators in the form of bone shields, spikes, tail clubs and so forth. "Camarasaurus", a large-sized sauropod dinosaur, found in central and western United States are exhibited in their original curved form. The exposition part dedicated to ornithopods is centred on the morphological characteristics most related to their vegetarian diet namely toothless snout, tooth batteries, mobile skull bones, and development of jowls and presence of hoofs on their feet. The space dedicated to thyreophorans shows the main defensive elements of this group of dinosaurs against predators such as bone shields, spikes, tail clubs and so forth. Marine Jurassic vertebrates are exhibited in the central hall alongside large reptiles such as ichthyosaurs and plesiosaurs, crocodiles and fish. The skeletons of an ichthyosaur, a fish-shaped reptile akin to a dolphin, and of a sea lily or crinoid are also on display in separate cabinets.
In the Pre-Mesozoic hall, the exhibits relate to the time from the creation of the Earth 4500 million years ago to the Palaeozoic age, 251 million years ago with displays of first organisms on the Earth, evolution process of fossils and their dating, classification of the vertebrates and their inherited relations, deterioration and extinction of nearly 95% of these systems by end of the Palaeozoic period.
In the hall representing the Cretaceous period, which is the last period of the Mesozoic era from 145 to 66 million years ago, the displays relate to the biological and social habits of dinosaurs, reasons for their extinction by the end of the Cretaceous period, that are attributed to meteorite, volcanic eruptions and intense geographic and climatic changes. Evolution of birds inferred as theropods evolving from the non-avian dinosaurs are represented by the "Archaeopteryx" (a prehistoric bird) and dinosaurs such as the "Deinonychus" or the "Dromaeosaurus".
Post-Mesozoic, representing the last 66 million years, starting with the extinction of a major part of the dinosaurs, is the Tertiary period when reptile, mammals and modern faunas evolved in that order. The "Cantabrotherium truyolsi" represents the deposit of Llamaquique, in Oviedo. A touch screen display provides a complete history of the last 66 million years of the evolution of the landscape and the ecosystems. The replica of a skull, No. 5, dated to 300,000 years, is an exhibit in the hall of the Quaternary period. Displays in this hall also cover the decline of the brown bear habitat in the north of the Iberian Peninsula over 500 years and the skull of a cave bear.
In the basement of the museum, there is a hall where temporary exhibitions are held on different themes. Past shows were on the themes of Asturias, Natural Paradise, the Great Adventure of Dinosaurs, European Rupestrian art, the Coast of Dinosaurs, Trapped in Ice, Jurassic Colossus and 2010 Biodiversity.
Publications.
Publications include a handheld guide, promotional brochure, guide activities and educational programs, educational and recreational, guide to the Dinosaur Coast and guide to "Discovering the MUJA children for children".
Educational workshops.
Educational workshops on the interpretation of palaeontology are a special feature of the museum which are designed for education of children and young people. It caters to individuals in the age group of 4 to 11. The museum's scientific team organized the 7th Geological Heritage Meeting of the Geological Society of Spain, the 24th Spanish Palaeontological Society Meeting, and the 5th Spanish Jurassic Congress. The 11th International Ichnofabric Workshop will be held in 2011 in MUJA.

</doc>
<doc id="31226839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226839" title="The Outback Club">
The Outback Club

The Outback Club is the debut album by Australian country musician Lee Kernaghan. It won "Best Country Album" at the ARIA Music Awards of 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31226846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226846" title="Myxodagnus sagitta">
Myxodagnus sagitta

Myxodagnus sagitta is a species of sand stargazer endemic to the Galapagos Islands where it can be found in areas with sandy bottoms at depths of from . This species can reach a maximum length of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="31226878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226878" title="Göppingen station">
Göppingen station

Göppingen station is a station in the town of Göppingen in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is a transit station and is situated km 42.1 from Stuttgart on the Fils Valley Railway, which was completed in 1850 from Stuttgart to Ulm.
Location.
The station is located on the southern edge of the inner city of Göppingen. To its east are large marshalling and freight yards, which are still used occasionally. To its west is a smaller disused freight yard with loading docks and the central bus station.
Station layout.
The station consists of an entrance building, which houses a restaurant, two kiosks, a bakery, a bookstore and a travel centre. The former baggage and express freight facility is not used anymore.
It has seven platform tracks, tracks 1 to 7. Only tracks 4 and 6 are regularly used for passenger trains. Only a few regional trains run on tracks 1 and 3. Platform track 5 is used once a day by a City Night Line train from Paris, continuing to Munich.
Track 1 was used until 1986, for traffic on the disused Hohenstaufen Railway ("Hohenstaufenbahn") to Schwäbisch Gmünd. Track 7 was used for traffic of the disused Voralb Railway ("Voralbbahn") to Boll (passenger service closed on 27 May 1989 and it closed completely on 15 December 1997). In addition, at the eastern end of the platform that serves tracks 6 and 7 there is a dock platform, which formerly bore the number 13, and was used by most of the trains on the Voralb Railway.
The sprawling marshalling yard is now closed, although part of it near the station is used by the construction company Leonhard Weiss. All the other industrial sidings are closed. Similarly, the container terminal, which in the first years of the 1970s was one of the most modern facilities of its kind, was closed down in the mid 1990s.
History.
The station was first opened in 11 October 1847 when the Fils Valley Railway ("Filstalbahn") reached Göppingen, the line was completed to Ulm in 1850.
On 6 April 1893, the plans for the extension of the main building was approved and then executed. Between 1914 to 1917, the station was expanded and rebuilt again to handle traffic on the new Hohenstaufen Railway to Schwäbisch Gmünd and the then projected Voralb Railway to Boll.
During the Second World War an air raid shelter for 80 people was built in the station forecourt.
On 27 May 1964 today’s station building, designed by Hellmut Kasel, was opened on schedule after two years of construction. In the late 1960s, a new freight terminal building was built, but it is no longer used.
Rail services.
Long distance.
Some InterCity and EuroCity services operate on several lines, using the Stuttgart–Ulm line and stopping at Göppingen station. Moreover, there is a once a day direct connection to Paris on the City Night Line.
Regional services.
Göppingen is served hourly by Regional-Express services between Stuttgart to Ulm and every two-hours by Interregio-Express services between Stuttgart and Lindau. Between Plochingen and Geislingen an der Steige hourly Regionalbahn services also stop in Göppingen.

</doc>
<doc id="31226882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226882" title="Claudecir Aparecido de Aguiar">
Claudecir Aparecido de Aguiar

Claudecir Aparecido de Aguiar (born October 15, 1975) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31226932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226932" title="1G (disambiguation)">
1G (disambiguation)

1G is the first-generation wireless telephone technology.
1G or 1-G may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31226944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226944" title="Halden Reactor">
Halden Reactor

The Halden Reactor is a 25MW nuclear reactor located in Halden, Norway and dedicated for research. The reactor became operative in 1958, and is operated by the Institute for Energy Technology. The reactor is a Boiling water reactor (BWR) moderated by heavy water. The reactor is used for safety-focussed research into materials, fuel burnup, and fuel behaviour in prolonged operating conditions in co-operation with organizations from 19 countries.
Its current operating license expires at the end of 2014. Authorities are considering whether to extend the operating license beyond 2014. In May 2014, the Norwegian Radiological Protection Authority recommended a ten-year license extension.
Report to police by Norway's foreign ministry.
A 12 May 2013 article in O Estado de S. Paulo broke the story about fuel testing done at the reactor in regards to the nuclear submarine program of Brazil. The testing did not have the proper authorization from Norway's government. Brazil is not a participant in the joint 2012-4 research programme.
On 4 September 2013, Norwegian media wrote that the institute "is admitting to illegal cooperation with companies in four more countries:" Russia, Argentina, France and the United States. Later, Norway's foreign ministry filed a complaint with PST. triggering an investigation that is on-going.

</doc>
<doc id="31226949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226949" title="The Darkness II">
The Darkness II

The Darkness II is a first-person shooter psychological horror video game with light role-playing elements developed by Digital Extremes and published by 2K Games. The game is the sequel to 2007's "The Darkness". The script for the game was written by comic book writer Paul Jenkins, who previously worked on "The Darkness" comic series. Originally scheduled to be released on July 10, 2011 and then on October 4, 2011, it was delayed for both dates and instead was released February 7, 2012 in North America, February 10, 2012 in Europe and Australia and February 23, 2012 in Japan. for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and OS X on April 20, 2012.
Plot.
In the two years since the events of the first game, Jackie Estacado has become the don of the Franchetti crime family. Though he still wields the Darkness, a malevolent force that has given him supernatural powers, Jackie has managed to suppress the entity, thanks to guidance from estranged occultist Johnny Powell. However, Powell became mentally unstable and fled from Jackie, afraid of the Darkness influencing him further. Jackie still struggles with the death of his girlfriend Jenny Romano, which the Darkness had prevented him from stopping.
Jackie and his gang are attacked by a rival mob at a restaurant. Jackie is seriously injured, mangling his leg. After being rescued from the building, a mysterious figure appears and tells henchmen working for him to continue pressing the attack. While under attack, the Darkness calls to Jackie, demanding him to embrace the spirit, which he refuses to do. Soon afterwards, Jackie is caught in an explosion, and slowly bleeds out, and is confronted by an enemy. Jackie relinquishes, allowing the Darkness to take over and kill several attackers, and with the Darkness' regenerative powers, stops the attacks and pursues the attackers into the subway. There, he reunites with the Darkling, part of his sub-consciousness created by the Darkness. He observes a vision of Jenny nearby, and ends up being run over by a passing train. Jackie wakes up in what appears to be a psychiatric ward, where Jenny and members of his mob appear as doctors, nurses, and fellow patients, telling him that his mob stories are simply hallucinations inspired by mafia fiction. One of the patients appears to be Johnny, who tells Jackie to find him.
Jackie awakes back in the subway and regroups with his men, using them to find and bring Johnny to his penthouse suite. Johnny explains that Jackie is being pursued by a secret society called the Brotherhood who seek the Darkness' powers for themselves using the Siphon, an object created to contain the Darkness by an entity known as the Angelus, which is the Darkness' female counterpart. After discovering who set up the attack at the restaurant, Johnny then provides a lead to the Brotherhood's location at a nearby brothel. Jackie gains entry through help of a prostitute named Venus and finds that the Brotherhood has been tracking him, his gang, and his family for years. Shortly after discovering this, he is captured by their leader, Victor Valente. Victor orders Jackie crucified, and demands Jackie release the Darkness to him, revealing they have taken over his home. Jackie refuses and falls unconscious from blood loss, he then has a near-death experience in which he argues with the Darkness over giving the entity over to the Brotherhood. The Darkness reveals that it is holding Jenny's soul hostage in Hell, forcing Jackie into fighting back against the Brotherhood. Jackie escapes the brothel and races home, mounting an attack with his men against the Brotherhood. Upon reaching his bedroom, Jackie is shot by Bragg, a man who works for the Brotherhood, who then proceeds to murder Jackie's Aunt Sarah. After getting shot in the head, Jackie then experiences another psychiatric ward hallucination, further blurring the line of reality, before awakening back in the library of his home with Johnny explaining that before the Brotherhood could make off with Jackie's body, the Franchetti enforcers drove them off.
At Sarah's funeral, the Brotherhood launches another attack against Jackie. In battle with Bragg, he reveals that Victor is operating out of an abandoned theme park. Jackie kills Bragg, and then orders his men to stay low while he travels to the park, where more visions of Jenny appear. He is soon captured by Victor in an iron maiden, and loses consciousness from blood loss. Again, he wakes in the ward, but the janitor - a manifestation of his Darkling - explains that the asylum is a trap for Jackie to keep him alive and away from Jenny. Jackie eventually regains consciousness and finds that Victor has successfully drained the Darkness from him. The Darkling helps Jackie escape and defeat Peevish, another Brotherhood member, and upon his death he regains a small portion of the Darkness. Jackie proceeds to pursue Victor through the remains of a mansion once owned by Carlo Estacado, Jackie's father. Jackie learns from Victor that Carlo had promised the Darkness to the Brotherhood in an attempt to ensure Jackie didn't have to suffer the same fate as his father. Upon reaching the attic, Jackie defeats Victor and impales himself with the Siphon, regaining the Darkness completely and killing himself in an attempt to rescue Jenny from Hell.
Jackie wakes up in the psychiatric ward where the doctors and nurses, concerned for his well being, offer to take him to Jenny. The Darkling appears, however, and sacrifices himself to help Jackie escape. Jackie reaches the roof, and is pursued and confronted by Victor (now a doctor), Jenny, and an orderly who attempt to convince Jackie that his life as a mob boss is a delusion and that the world in the psychiatric ward is real. On the roof of the asylum, Jackie is given a choice: stay with Jenny in the ward or reject the asylum and attempt to reach Hell.
If Jackie chooses to stay with Jenny, the two will head back into the asylum and slowly dance to "I Only Have Eyes for You".
If Jackie chooses to reject the asylum, he will jump from the roof, briefly seeing Jenny and the others melt away as he escapes, and fall into Hell. The Darkness, in a fit of rage, sends demons to stop Jackie from reaching Jenny. Jackie, however, gains complete control of the Darkness and manages to overcome all obstacles in his way. He releases Jenny from her bindings and the couple embrace.
In a post credits scene, Jenny is revealed to have become the new host for the Angelus, who has seen the destruction that Jackie and the Darkness have caused and states that Jackie has become too powerful, and leaves them trapped in Hell, leaving an enraged Jackie screaming as the screen fades out.
Gameplay.
"The Darkness II" plays similarly to its predecessor, but with the introduction of new features such as "quad wielding," a technique which allows Jackie to use both the Darkness' "Creeping Dark" tendrils and firearms simultaneously. The player has access to one Darkling, who is involved in the plot and useful in various situations. The player can use the "Creeping Dark" tendrils to slash or pick up enemies for executions or to simply throw them, or various items within the environment (parking meters, car doors, etc.) and use them as projectile weapons or shields. Each kill, discovered relic, and execution earns the player Essence, which allows players to purchase new abilities from Talent Shrines. Devouring hearts restores Jackie's health and earns Essence.
Like the previous game, Jackie loses his powers in the light, though in this game light also causes Jackie's vision to brightly blur and is coupled with a high-pitched ringing.
Vendettas.
Vendettas is a separate cooperative campaign that runs parallel to the main campaign and allows up to four players to play together online (though players can play through the campaign by themselves offline as well). The story involves four hitmen working for Jackie as they attempt to stop the Brotherhood from obtaining the Spear of Destiny. Each of these four characters have different Darkness powers (all of them can be obtained by Jackie in the main campaign, although some have been slightly altered or upgraded) and are armed with a unique special weapon. Also included is "Hit List", a feature that allows players to replay missions from the Vendettas campaign individually, or play through missions exclusive to the Hit List mode.
Development.
Unlike the first game, the graphics for "The Darkness II" were developed using a cel-shading technique, emulating the aesthetic of its comic book namesake. The style was achieved with the development artists hand painting the majority of the game's assets to create a comic book-influenced visual style.
Musician Mike Patton reprises his role as the voice of the Darkness while Brian Bloom voices Jackie Estacado, replacing Kirk Acevedo who provided the voice of Jackie in the previous game.
Reception.
"The Darkness II" received positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the Xbox 360 version 80.92% and 80/100, the PlayStation 3 version 77.35% and 79/100 and the PC version 76.78% and 77/100. "Computer and Video Games" awarded the game 8.1 out of 10 and said that the game is "Not perfect, but deeply satisfying to blast through." Both "Official Xbox Magazine" U.S. and Official Xbox Magazine UK awarded the game a 9 out of 10, with the U.S. edition praising the dark story, "excellent" combination of Darkness powers and gunplay, brutal finishing moves, and fun cooperative multiplayer, while criticizing the campaign's relatively short length and problems reviving allies in multiplayer. The UK edition said "It's one of the best shooter-stories we've seen in years - justifying its own ludicrous nature in interesting and unexpected ways. If the ending didn't feel like such a cop-out, "The Darkness II" could have been on par with BioShock. As it is, the gripping narrative and wonderfully empowering combat mean you'll be talking about it for months after completing it." X360 magazine listed the game with its predecessor as one of their "Favourite Shooters With More Than Just Guns".
"PlayStation Official Magazine" gave the game 9 out of 10, stating "no graphic novel has been brought to life in such a deliciously gory manner, with offing goons turned an art form." GameShark gave the game 9.1 out of 10, praising the heavy focus on storyline and the action packed gameplay. IGN gave the game an 8 out of 10, praising the visuals and gameplay, but suggested the game lacks polish and the story, while enjoyable, isn't as strong as the original. GameSpot gave it a 7 out of 10, praising the gameplay, story, skill tree, and sound. The negative aspects of the game, in their view, include the short campaign, predictable enemy A.I, unsatisfactory multiplayer and linear level design. GameTrailers gave it a 7.4 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="31226979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226979" title="Costas Philippou">
Costas Philippou

Constantinos "Costas" Philippou (born November 29, 1979) is a Cypriot mixed martial artist. He is currently fighting for the UFC in the middleweight division. As of May 26, 2014, he is #10 in official UFC middleweight rankings.
Background.
Philippou began boxing in 1994 and had his first fight six months later. A few years later, his best friend and coach encouraged him to move to the United States to become a professional. Costas fought in the Golden Gloves two months after coming to the United States, but lost in the finals at Madison Square Garden by a split decision to Nagy Aguilera. Philippou then turned pro and had three fights, the third being featured on ESPN. Costas transitioned to MMA after disputes with his manager and coach.
MMA career.
Philippou made his professional MMA debut in May 2008 for the Ring of Combat promotion, losing to fellow future UFC fighter Ricardo Romero by split decision. However, he subsequently amassed a record of 7 wins, 1 loss and 1 no contest within that promotion. Philippou had previously trained with the Serra-Longo fight team, but as of May 30, 2013 he decided to switch camps to Bellmore Kickboxing Academy. According to Matt Serra, Philippou left the team on good terms.
"The Ultimate Fighter 11".
Philippou first made his appearance in the UFC on . However, he never made it as part of the cast to move into the house after losing to Joseph Henle via submission in the opening elimination bout.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Philippou got a second chance in the UFC after stepping in as a late replacement for Dan Miller, who was moved up the card to face Nate Marquardt, facing Nick Catone at UFC 128 in a catchweight bout of 195 pounds. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Philippou was expected to face BJJ black belt Rafael Natal on August 6, 2011 at UFC 133, replacing an injured Riki Fukuda. However, an injury forced Alessio Sakara out of his main card bout against Jorge Rivera, and Philippou was pulled from his bout with Natal and named as Sakara's replacement against Rivera. Philippou won the fight via split decision, earning his first UFC victory.
Philippou faced off against Jared Hamman on December 10, 2011 at UFC 140. He won the match via KO at 3:11 in the first round.
Philippou fought TUF 11 winner Court McGee on March 3, 2012 at UFC on FX 2. He won the fight via unanimous decision after a back and forth bout.
Philippou next defeated Riki Fukuda via unanimous decision on July 7, 2012 at UFC 148.
Philippou was expected to face Nick Ring on November 17, 2012 at UFC 154 however, the fight was cancelled on the day of the event as Ring fell ill.
Philippou replaced his injured training partner Chris Weidman against Tim Boetsch at UFC 155 on December 29, 2012. Philippou was victorious with a third round TKO stoppage.
Philippou was expected to face Ronaldo Souza on May 18, 2013 at UFC on FX 8. However, Philippou pulled out of the bout in early May, citing a cut above his eye, and was replaced by Chris Camozzi.
Philippou next faced Francis Carmont at UFC 165. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Philippou faced Luke Rockhold on January 15, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 35. He lost the fight via TKO in the first round.
Philippou faced Lorenz Larkin in the co-main event at UFC Fight Night 40. He won the fight via knockout in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="31226995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31226995" title="2011 Adelaide Football Club season">
2011 Adelaide Football Club season

The 2011 AFL season is the Adelaide Crows 21st season in the AFL. Neil Craig was appointed coach, but was replaced by Mark Bickley after round 18
Nathan van Berlo was appointed captain and the leadership group consists of Scott Stevens, Ben Rutten, Michael Doughty and Scott Thompson.
Squad.
"Statistics are correct as of start of 2010 season."
"Flags represent place of birth."
NAB Cup.
The 2011 NAB Cup was competed in a new format for the first time since 2003. Adelaide played two games on 11 February 2011, against Melbourne and Port Adelaide. Melbourne defeated Adelaide in the first game 0.5.4 (34) – 0.3.6 (24), but the team defeated cross town rivals Port Adelaide 0.6.4 (40) – 0.1.2 (8).
Adelaide didn't make it into the second round of the NAB Cup, but were to play NAB Challenge/practice matches for the rest of the competition. Adelaide played Fremantle at Thebarton Oval on 26 February. They won by 74 points 22.8 (140) – 10.6 (66). They then played Carlton at Visy Park on 4 March, losing by 34 points 15.10 (100) – 11.10 (76). In the final preseason match of 2011, Adelaide played Richmond, again at Visy Park on the 11th, this time coming up the winners by 68 points 18.14 (122) – 8.6 (54).

</doc>
<doc id="31227024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227024" title="More Money Than God">
More Money Than God

More Money Than God: Hedge Funds and the Making of a New Elite (2010) is a financial book by Sebastian Mallaby published by Penguin Press. It is a history of the hedge fund industry in the United States looking at the people, institutions, investment tools and concepts of hedge funds. It claims to be the "first authoritative history of the hedge fund industry." It is written for a general audience and originally published by Penguin Press. It was nominated for the 2010 Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award and was one the "Wall Street Journal's" 10-Best Books of 2010. The "Journal" said it was "The fullest account we have so far of a too-little-understood business that changed the shape of finance and no doubt will continue to do so."
Summary.
In each chapter, Mallaby takes a narrative focus on one individual or company that played an important role in the history of hedge funds. Mallaby then weaves in other people, ideas or companies related to the star of the chapter. The following are some of the major people, institutions and concepts on a per chapter basis. The first in each list is the central character of that chapter.

</doc>
<doc id="31227025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227025" title="Larry Miller (accordionist)">
Larry Miller (accordionist)

Larry G. Miller (born July 7, 1936) is a Cajun accordion maker from Iota, Louisiana. The brand name of his accordions are 'Bon Tee Cajun' and 'Bon Cajun'.
Biography.
Miller is the son of sharecropper Abraham Miller and Algena Leger. He and his son Mike published a book in 1988 called 'You Can Play Cajun Accordion: Designed For Beginners.' Miller didn't begin to build accordions until he was 52 years old in 1988. Before he worked in primary and secondary education for 22 years. He was also one of the founders of the Cajun French Music Association. Miller retired from building accordions full-time in 2006. His grandson Jay continues to build accordions under the brand 'Bon Cajun.' Before retiring, he'd built around 85 accordions a year and repaired around 200 in the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="31227042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227042" title="Brad Gwilliam">
Brad Gwilliam

Brad Gwilliam (born 9 August 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles and Richmond in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Gwilliam was picked up by West Coast with the last selection of the 1989 VFL Draft, one of three additional draft picks the club has been given. He appeared in the first three games of the 1990 AFL season but didn't play again until round 16.
He went to Richmond in 1992, through the pre-season draft, and was their full-back for four games early in the year. In the fourth, against Adelaide at Football Park, he badly injured his knee and never played another AFL match.

</doc>
<doc id="31227046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227046" title="Haifa bus 16 suicide bombing">
Haifa bus 16 suicide bombing

The Haifa bus 16 suicide bombing was a suicide bombing which occurred on 2 December 2001 on an Egged bus in Haifa. 15 people were killed in the attack and 40 people were injured.
The Palestinian Islamist militant organization Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack.
The attack.
During the afternoon of Sunday, 2 December 2001, the perpetrator calmly boarded Haifa bus No. 16, which was en route from Neve Shaanan to the Giborim bridge. The perpetrator paid the bus fare and a few seconds later detonated the explosive device concealed underneath his clothes. The attack, which occurred in a busy intersection in the Tel Amal neighbourhood in Haifa killed 15 people and injured 40 more, 17 of them critically.
The perpetrators.
Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack. A leaflet published by the Hamas announced that the suicide bomber was Maher Habashi, a 21-year-old Palestinian plumber from Nablus.

</doc>
<doc id="31227055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227055" title="Electric Rodeo (Lee Kernaghan album)">
Electric Rodeo (Lee Kernaghan album)

Electric Rodeo is the sixth album released by Australian country musician Lee Kernaghan. The album peaked at number five on the ARIA Charts.
References.
[http://www.australian-charts.com/showitem.asp?interpret=Lee+Kernaghan&titel=Electric+Rodeo&cat=a]

</doc>
<doc id="31227057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227057" title="Rashid Temrezov">
Rashid Temrezov

Rashid Borispiyevich Temrezov (); is a Russian politician who is the head of Karachay–Cherkessia since 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31227062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227062" title="RIN">
RIN

RIN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31227080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227080" title="Nabil Naïli">
Nabil Naïli

Nabil Naïli (born 23 November 1983) is an Algerian professional footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for the Algerian Ligue 2 club CA Bordj Bou Arreridj.

</doc>
<doc id="31227083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227083" title="María Duval (Mexican actress)">
María Duval (Mexican actress)

María Dussauge Ortiz (born 2 August 1937), commonly known as María Duval, is a Mexican actress and singer who has worked in film, television, and the stage. She is also the paternal aunt of comedienne Consuelo Duval.
Career.
Duval made her film debut in the musical "Melodías inolvidables" (1959), an experience she later described as "a great emotion" and her "favorite memory" of her entire career. She once said that musical was her favorite film genre. She played the romantic interests of Gaspar Henaine "Capulina" in "Barridos y regados" (1963) and Marco Antonio Campos "Viruta" in "Cada quién su lucha" and "La cigüeña distraída" (both 1966). She also acted as Antonio Aguilar's beloved in two films: the Mexican Revolution drama "Juan Colorado" (1966), where she played the tragic Silvia Guerrero, and the comedy "Los alegres Aguilares" (1967). She finished her film career in the 1970s with the Blue Demon vehicle "La mafia amarilla" (1975). She also participated in television productions such as "La voz de la tierra" (1982) with Joaquín Cordero, Sergio Kleiner, Ana Bertha Lepe, Delia Magaña, and Teresa Velázquez. Her last appearance was in the telenovela "María José" (1995).

</doc>
<doc id="31227093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227093" title="Universal law of generalization">
Universal law of generalization

The universal law of generalization is a theory of cognition originally posited by Roger Shepard. According to it, the probability that a response to one stimulus will be generalized to another will be a function of the distance between the two stimuli. "Generalization" in this case is measured by means of confusion error, while the use of "distance" depends on the assumption that stimuli will be compared in some kind of psychological space (the latter being typical of Shepard's work).
Using experimental evidence from both human and non-human subjects, Shepard hypothesizes, more specifically, that probability of generalization will fall off exponentially with the distance measured by one of two particular metrics. His analysis goes on to argue for the universality of this rule for all sentient organisms due to evolutionary internalization.

</doc>
<doc id="31227103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227103" title="American Horror Story">
American Horror Story

American Horror Story is a horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk. Described as an anthology series, each season is conceived as a self-contained miniseries, following a disparate set of characters and settings, and a storyline with its own "beginning, middle, and end".
The first season, subsequently subtitled ', takes place in Los Angeles in 2011 and follows the story of a family that moves into a home haunted by its former deceased occupants. The second season, subtitled ', takes place in Massachusetts in 1964 and follows the stories of the inhabitants of an institution for the criminally insane. The third season, subtitled ', takes place in New Orleans in the 1800s and 2013 and follows the battle between witches and voodoo practitioners. The fourth season, subtitled ', will take place in Jupiter, Florida in 1950 and will follow one of the few remaining American freak shows.
The series is broadcast on the cable television channel FX in the United States. The first season premiered on October 5, 2011, and concluded on December 21, 2011. The second season premiered on October 17, 2012 and concluded on January 23, 2013. The third season premiered on October 9, 2013, and concluded on January 29, 2014. On November 6, 2013, FX renewed "American Horror Story" for a fourth season of 13 episodes to air in 2014. 
"American Horror Story" has been well received by television critics. The repertory cast have been critically acclaimed, particularly Jessica Lange, who received the Emmy Award, the Golden Globe Award, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance. The series draws consistently high ratings for the FX network, with its first season being the biggest new cable series of 2011.
Overview.
Season 1: "Murder House" (2011).
The first season, retroactively titled "American Horror Story: Murder House", is about infidelity. The story takes place in 2011 and follows the Harmon family: psychiatrist Ben (Dylan McDermott), his wife Vivien (Connie Britton), and their teenage daughter Violet (Taissa Farmiga), who move from Boston to Los Angeles after Vivien has a miscarriage and Ben has an affair. The Harmons move into a restored mansion and soon encounter the home's former residents, the Langdons – Constance (Jessica Lange) and her two children, Tate (Evan Peters) and Addie (Jamie Brewer) – and the disfigured Larry Harvey (Denis O'Hare). Ben and Vivien try to rekindle their relationship, as Violet, suffering from depression, finds comfort with Tate. The Langdons and Larry frequently influence the Harmons' lives, as the family discovers that the home is haunted by the ghosts of anyone who has ever died on the property. 
Season 2: "Asylum" (2012–13).
The second season, titled "American Horror Story: Asylum", is about sanity. The story takes place in 1964 and follows the patients, doctors and nuns who occupy the Briarcliff Mental Institution, founded to treat and house the criminally insane. The wardens who run the institution include the stern Sister Jude (Jessica Lange), her protégé Sister Mary Eunice (Lily Rabe) and the founder of the institution, Monsignor Timothy Howard (Joseph Fiennes). The doctors charged with treating the patients at the asylum include psychiatrist Dr. Oliver Thredson (Zachary Quinto) and the sadistic scientist Dr. Arthur Arden (James Cromwell). The patients, many of whom claim to be unjustly institutionalized, include lesbian journalist Lana Winters (Sarah Paulson), accused serial killer Kit Walker (Evan Peters), nymphomaniac Shelley (Chloe Sevigny) and alleged murderer Grace Bertrand (Lizzie Brocheré). Briarcliff's inhabitants are routinely subject to supernatural and scientific influences, including demonic possession and extraterrestrial abduction.
Season 3: "Coven" (2013–14).
The third season, titled "American Horror Story: Coven", is about oppression; specifically, the oppression of marginalized groups and female empowerment. After the Salem witch trials, descendants of the witches who survived are nearly extinct and are in danger once again. Those who share this unique bloodline are being subject to mysterious and violent attacks. A school has opened in New Orleans to protect young witches and keep them from the dangers of the outside world. The long-absent Supreme, and most powerful witch of her generation, Fiona Goode (Jessica Lange), arrives to ensure the safety of the coven, but also to fulfill her own hidden agenda. Fiona's daughter, Cordelia (Sarah Paulson), teaches at the school and welcomes its newest student, Zoe Benson (Taissa Farmiga), who harbors her own harrowing secret. Events reveal a long-held rivalry between the witches of Salem and the Voodoo practitioners of New Orleans, as well as a historic grudge between Voodoo Queen Marie Laveau (Angela Bassett) and socialite serial killer Delphine LaLaurie (Kathy Bates). Other themes include witchcraft, Voodoo, racism, and family, such as the relationships between mothers and daughters. The season is set primarily in the modern day and includes flashbacks to the early 1970s and the 1830s.
Season 4: "Freak Show" (2014–15).
On November 6, 2013, FX announced that the show had been renewed for a fourth season, which has since been titled "American Horror Story: Freak Show". Film locations have been rumored to be New Orleans or Santa Fe. Ryan Murphy has revealed that the season will take place in the year 1950. Murphy stated, "If you look historically what happened in the year 1950, there's some more clues in that year. It's a period piece. We try and do the opposite of what we've done before. Jessica Lange has already started practicing her German accent so I'm very excited!" On March 17, 2014, the season was revealed to be set at a carnival, according to writer Doug Petrie. It was also revealed that Lange will be playing a role similar to Marlene Dietrich.
Production.
Conception.
Creators Murphy and Falchuk began working on "American Horror Story" before their Fox series "Glee" began production. Murphy wanted to do the opposite of what he had done previously and thus began his work on the series. He stated, "I went from "Nip/Tuck" to "Glee", so it made sense that I wanted to do something challenging and dark. And I always had loved, as Brad had, the horror genre. So it just was a natural for me." Falchuk was intrigued by the idea of putting a different angle on the horror genre, stating that their main goal in creating the series was to scare viewers. "You want people to be a little bit off balance afterwards", he said.
In February 2011, FX officially announced that it had ordered a pilot for a possible series from Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk, with both Murphy and Falchuk writing and Murphy directing. Dante Di Loreto was announced as executive producer. Production on the series began in April 2011. In July 2011, FX officially announced the project had been picked up to series.
From the beginning, Murphy and Falchuk planned that each season of the series would tell a different story. After the first season finale aired, Murphy spoke of his plans to change the cast and location for the second season. He did say, however, that some actors who starred in the first season would be returning. "The people that are coming back will be playing completely different characters, creatures, monsters, etc. Harmons' stories are done. People who are coming back will be playing entirely new characters," he announced. In November 2012, FX chief executive, John Landgraf described the unique format of the series stating, "he notion of doing an anthological series of miniseries with a repertory cast – has proven groundbreaking, wildly successful and will prove to be trendsetting."
At the 2013 PaleyFest, Falchuk compared the series to horror films: "It does demand a little bit of compassion at the end because you fall in love with these characters in a different way than you would in a movie," he said. "If you want to kill everybody in a movie except one person, you can kind of get away with that, but if you’re looking to do a horror TV show, you have a different responsibility to the characters because the audience has a different affection for them."
Murphy then explained the process of planning a series' season takes about a year. "We come up with story first and then we come up with the characters," he said. "It is a repertory company, so we’ll move people around and sometimes there won’t yet be a role for somebody. Like when we started second season, I really had no idea that Dylan would be the person to play Sarah’s son, but the deeper we got, I thought, that would work great."
Casting.
Season 1.
Connie Britton was first to be cast, portraying female lead Vivien Harmon. Denis O’Hare joined second as Larry Harvey. Jessica Lange soon followed as Constance, her first regular role on television. Dylan McDermott joined the cast, soon after Lange, as the lead Ben Harmon. Taissa Farmiga and Evan Peters were the last actors to be added to the main cast, portraying Violet Harmon and Tate Langdon, respectively.
Season 2.
In March 2012, Murphy revealed that the second season had been conceptualized around Jessica Lange who portrays Sister Jude, a sadistic nun who runs the asylum. Evan Peters, Sarah Paulson, Lily Rabe and Zachary Quinto also return as main cast members in the second season. Peters portrays Kit Walker, an inmate accused of murdering his wife. Paulson portrays Lana, a lesbian reporter who gets committed to the asylum because of her sexuality and intent to snoop around the sanitorium. Rabe's character is Sister Mary Eunice, clumsy second-in-charge to Sister Jude. Quinto portrays Dr. Thredson, a psychiatrist at the asylum. Lizzie Brocheré stars as Grace Bertrand, a character described originally as "a fierce, ferocious, extremely sexual, and dangerous wild-child sexpot", but the role was later heavily revamped. James Cromwell co-stars as Dr. Arthur Arden, who proclaims to be in charge of the asylum and performs dark experiments on its patients. Joseph Fiennes is Monsignor Timothy Howard, a possible love interest for Sister Jude.
Season 3.
Series executive producers and co-creators Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk have stated that, as with the second season, "many actors" will return in different roles, beginning with Jessica Lange. Evan Peters and Sarah Paulson have been confirmed to return, along with Lange. Murphy added that Lange will portray a "real glamour-cat lady." Taissa Farmiga, Violet in the first season, will co-star as a character that is involved in a prominent romance during the third season. Lily Rabe has also been cast as a lead. Series recurring actress Frances Conroy has joined the season as Myrtle. Oscar-winning actress Kathy Bates has been confirmed to co-star. She will portray a woman who, at the start, is Lange's character's best friend, but will become her worst enemy. Murphy has stated that Bates' character will be "five times worse than "Misery" character" and is also inspired by a "true event". It was announced in May 2013 that Emma Roberts had been added to the cast. Roberts will play Madison, a "self-involved party girl."
Season 4 (2014–15).
Ryan Murphy has confirmed that Jessica Lange will be returning for a fourth season, although it will be in a reduced capacity. Kathy Bates is returning, believed to have a main role. In January 2014, Murphy revealed that "Coven" cast member Patti LuPone was invited back. On March 29, 2014, Murphy announced that Sarah Paulson, Evan Peters, Frances Conroy, Emma Roberts, Denis O'Hare, Angela Bassett, Gabourey Sidibe, and Jamie Brewer would all return for this season. It was revealed at PaleyFest 2014 that Michael Chiklis will be joining the cast as the father of Evan Peters and ex-husband of Kathy Bates.
Filming.
Season 1.
The pilot episode was shot on location in a house in Country Club Park, Los Angeles, California, which serves as the haunted house and crime scene in the series. Designed and built in 1910 by Alfred Rosenheim, the president of the American Institute of Architects' Los Angeles chapter, the Tudor or Collegiate Gothic-style single family home was previously used as a convent. The first season is filmed on what appear to be sets that are an exact replica of the house. Details such as Louis Comfort Tiffany stained glass windows, and hammered bronze light fixtures, were re-created to preserve the look of the house.
Season 2.
Production and shooting for the second season began in late July 2012 for a scheduled premiere in mid October. The exteriors for the second season were filmed in Hidden Valley, Ventura County, California, a rural area outside Los Angeles.
Season 3.
Principal photography for the third season began on July 23, 2013, in multiple locations, one being New Orleans, Louisiana.
Title sequence.
"American Horror Story"'s title screens offer vague hints to important plot elements and events that compose each season. For "Murder House", Murphy described the sequence as a mini-mystery and stated that "By the time you see the ninth episode of this season, every image in that title sequence will be explained", establishing the purpose of the title sequence for future seasons.
The opening title sequence was created by Kyle Cooper and his company Prologue. He also created the title sequence for the AMC series "The Walking Dead" and the 1995 film "Seven". The theme music was composed by sound designer Cesar Davila-Irizarry and musician Charlie Clouser. The cinematography was done by Juan Ruiz Anchía and the editing by Gabriel J. Diaz.
For the first season, the sequence is set in the Harmons' basement and includes images of postmortem young children, fetuses in jars, skulls, a christening dress, a nurse's uniform, and a figure holding a pair of bloody hedge clippers. A photo of alleged ax murderer Lizzie Borden is shown.
The second season's opening sequence is done by the same creative team. "We are shooting a new title sequence with the same team that did last year's", series creator Ryan Murphy said. "The song may stay...not sure." The song was kept, and the new title sequence was set around the Asylum, utilising shots of inmates raving and surgeons operating on patients with bandages obscuring their faces. Elements include a young girl walking backwards on her hands and feet up a staircase and a shot of the Virgin Mary's smile changing from one of benevolence to one of spite.
The third season's opening sequence keeps the same song, and this sequence is the first one to be filmed primarily outside and not in an enclosed location. Shots include figures wearing black robes and capirotes, a bony-skeleton creature with wings and shots of dead goats, the Minotaur from the season also appears. For the first time, there are actual backgrounds that appear with the actor names instead of an all-black background, some of these images include witches hanging and Santa Muerte. Other elements include an African Tribesman with a disturbing smile as well as voodoo dolls. The final shot continues after the figures in black capirotes seize one of their own who is later seen burning at a stake where young, dress-clad witches dance around.
The title sequence for all series of the show use a typeface that very closely resembles a style for which Charles Rennie Mackintosh was known.
Promotion.
As part of the promotion for the series, FX launched a "House Call" campaign, in which viewers at home could sign up and come face-to-face with a character from the series. Prior to the series premiere, FX released several clues to shine light on the series. They were offered on the show's official YouTube channel. Ten clues were released. In September 2011, FX launched a website which allows visitors to tour the murder house throughout the decades and look for clues.
In August 2012, the first promo for the second season was released on the American Horror Story Facebook page entitled "Special Delivery", in which a nun carries a couple of buckets filled with body parts through a field. As a church bell rings, the nun empties one bucket's bloody contents, leaving the empty bucket behind, and resumes her trek. Over 20 subsequent teasers have been released. Four photos were also released on EW.com. Two televised teasers, titled "Meet the Residents", were released on August 31, 2012. They feature the patients and some staff (such as Dr. Thredson, played by Zachary Quinto, and Sister Eunice, played by Lily Rabe) lying in twin beds and dealing with their individual issues as the heads of the asylum (Jessica Lange, Joseph Fiennes and James Cromwell) look on. The song "Que Sera, Sera", mixed with the show's theme music, plays.
Broadcast.
The series premiered on October 5, 2011, and is broadcast on the cable television channel FX, in the United States. In November 2011, it premiered internationally on the respective countries' Fox International Channels. The second season premiered on October 17, 2012 and concluded January 23, 2013.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Season 1 ("Murder House").
The first season of "American Horror Story" has received positive reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 64% of 42 critics have given the first season a positive review. The site's consensus is, "Convoluted yet effective, American Horror Story is strange, gory, and twisted enough to keep viewers hooked.". The first season scored 62 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 30 reviews. Ken Tucker from "Entertainment Weekly" awarded the pilot episode a B+, stating ""AHS" is pretty much all scare, all the time: a whole lotta screams, sex, jolts, mashed faces, psychotic behavior, and dead babies." Hank Stuever from "The Washington Post" said in his review that "Overdoing things is one of Murphy's trademark flaws, but this show has a captivating style and giddy gross-outs." Not all reviews were favorable: Alan Sepinwall of HitFix gave the series a D−, saying, "It is so far over the top that the top is a microscopic speck in its rearview mirror, and so full of strange sounds, sights and characters that you likely won't forget it—even though many of you will wish you could." The "Los Angeles Times" Mary McNamara gave it a mixed review, stating that it "...collapses into camp...upon more than one occasion" but also noting that it is "hard to look away".
Season 2 ("Asylum").
The second season, "American Horror Story: Asylum", has received very positive reviews from critics, even more than the first season. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 80% of 40 critics have given the season a positive review. The site's consensus is, "American Horror Story: Asylum crosses boundaries to shock and scare with sexy subplots and some innovative takes on current social issues." It scored 64 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 21 reviews. James Poniewozik from "Time" stated: ""AHS: Asylum" feels like a more focused, if equally frenetic, screamfest. It's also gorgeously realized, with a vision of its '60s institution setting so detailed you can smell the stale air and incense." Maureen Ryan of "The Huffington Post" said "It's to the credit of "Asylum"s writers, directors and cast that the emotional pain of the characters often feels as real as their uncertainty and terror." Verne Gay from "Newsday" gave the season a C grade, stating it "has some good special effects, just not much of a story to hang them on". Linda Stasi of the "New York Post" thought the season was "over the top", adding "I need to enter asylum myself after two hours of this craziness."
Season 3 ("Coven").
The third season, "American Horror Story: Coven", has received mostly positive reviews. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 81% of 36 critics have given the show a positive review. The site's consensus reads: "A noteworthy ensemble cast combined with creepy storytelling and campy, outrageous thrills make "American Horror Story: Coven" a potently structured fright-fest." It scored 71 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 24 reviews. It is the highest-rated season of the show on both Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic. Despite this, "Coven" has also been met with largely negative reviews from some critics. The A.V. Club gave this season the low rating of a D+, with critic Todd Van DerWerff remarking "It lurched drunkenly from idea to idea, never settling on one long enough to build anything of worth."
Ratings.
The pilot episode gained a 1.6 ratings share among adults aged 18–49 and garnered 3.2 million viewers. These were the best numbers FX had ever received for a series premiere. The episode was seen by 3.2 million viewers total in 59 countries. Ratings increased as the season progressed, with the season finale being watched by 3.22 million viewers and receiving a 1.7 ratings share in the 18–49 demographic. "American Horror Story"s November 2011 Fox International Channels' premiere across Europe and Latin America drew rankings of first or second among all Pay-TV in most metered markets for its time slot. In the UK, it premiered on non-terrestrial channel FX, with 128,200 viewers. The second episode saw an increase of 27%, receiving an overall viewership of 158,700.
The second season's premiere gained a 2.2 18–49 ratings share and was watched by 3.85 million viewers, marking the highest numbers for the series. By the season's sixth episode, the numbers dropped to a series-low 0.9 18–49 ratings share and 1.89 million viewers, however they rebounded to above two million viewers for the subsequent episodes. The second season's finale received a 1.3 18–49 ratings share and was watched by 2.29 million viewers.
Accolades.
"American Horror Story" has won 20 of its 96 award nominations, four of which are pending. The franchise has garnered ten Primetime Emmy Award nominations, with Jessica Lange winning as Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie and James Cromwell winning as Outstanding Supporting Actor. It received an additional 24 Creative Arts Emmy Award nominations, winning for Outstanding Hairstyling for a Miniseries or a Movie and Outstanding Sound Editing for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special. It has received five Golden Globe Award nominations, with Lange winning as Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Miniseries or Television Film, and two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations, with Lange winning for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series. Additional accolades include, the American Film Institute Award for Top Ten Television Program, the Art Directors Guild Award for Excellence in Production Design, the Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in a Screenplay, two Critics' Choice Television Awards in Acting for Zachary Quinto and Sarah Paulson, the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding TV Miniseries, the Golden Reel Award for Best Sound Editing, a Satellite Award for Best Genre Television Series and an Honorary Satellite Award for Lange for Outstanding Performance in a TV Series, as well as Best Actress in a Miniseries nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="31227134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227134" title="GKH">
GKH

GKH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31227155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227155" title="French ship Charlemagne">
French ship Charlemagne

A number of ships of the French Navy have borne the name Charlemagne in honour of Charlemagne. Among them:

</doc>
<doc id="31227179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227179" title="Hanzell Vineyards">
Hanzell Vineyards

Hanzell Vineyards is a California wine producer located just outside the town of Sonoma. The winery was founded by James David Zellerbach (future United States Ambassador to Italy) who acquired 200 acres in the Mayacamas Mountains in 1943 and began planting Pinot noir and Chardonnay in 1953. At the entire state of California had fewer than 200 acres planted to Chardonnay.
Hanzel would go on to pioneer in the California several winemaking techniques that would become associated with the style of California Chardonnay including the use of barrel-aging, malolactic fermentation, and the use of inert gases and anaerobic winemaking. Hanzell was also among the first vineyards to plant the Wente Clone of Chardonnay.
History.
The first plantings of Hanzell took place in 1953, when Zellerbach planted two acres of Pinot noir and four acres of Chardonnay. James Zellerbach and winemaker Ralph Bradford "Brad" Webb aimed to produce wines that would compare favorably to Old World wines such as Burgundy, but were quick to adapt some of the modernizing winemaking techniques that became characteristic of New World style of winemaking. Webb commissioned what are believed to be the first small temperature-controlled stainless steel fermenters, an early nitrogen-sparged bottling machine and an electrode to measure dissolved oxygen.
Vineyards.
The original vines planted at Hanzell are purported to be the oldest continually producing Chardonnay and Pinot noir vines in the Western Hemisphere. The original Chardonnay vines planted at Hanzell are Wente Clone and arrived at Hanzell by way of the McCreas' Stony Hill vineyard in St. Helena, which obtained its cuttings from the Wente Livermore Vineyard in 1948. The original Pinot noir vines planted at Hanzell were derived from Martin Ray estate cuttings (now commonly referred to as the Mount Eden clone). The original Pinot noir vines at Mount Eden Vineyards were pulled out in 1997, and the original block of Pinot noir at Chalone planted in 1946 was replaced in 2003. As of 2010, the 1953 blocks (C53 and N53) at Hanzell continue to produce, and the grapes are typically blended with grapes from the vines planted in subsequent years. From time to time, Hanzell bottles wines derived solely from these original blocks and dubs them "Ambassador's 1953 Vineyard" wines. 
A total 42 acres have been planted at Hanzell over the years ranging from 1953 to 2001. Interest in local growing conditions and grape quality have persisted at Hanzell, and careful monitoring and selection have yielded a their own "Hanzell Clone." This clonal selection is now planted at other vineyards in California and is used by such wineries as ZD and Brewer Clifton, among others. Hanzell's involvement with the establishment of high-quality wine in California can be seen as well in the example of Joe Heitz' purchase of several barrels of Hanzell wine in 1963, which he blended with success, achieving lucrative prices for the times.
Ownership and winemakers.
Three families have owned Hanzell Vineyards and four winemakers have been involved there since its founding. The first winemaker was involved for nearly 20 years, and the second continues to advise as Winemaker Emeritus after nearly 30 years overseeing production.

</doc>
<doc id="31227182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227182" title="Options Market France">
Options Market France

Options Market France (OMF) () was a French futures exchange and clearing house that was absorbed into MATIF at the end of the 1980s. It was responsible for creating the first stock index of the top French listed companies and provided futures and options contracts on the index that could be traded.
Options Market France started publishing the index in November 1987 in association with the French bank CCF using the Reuters network under the symbol EFX 50. After MATIF absorbed the company, MATIF launched the CAC 40 which went on to become the definitive index for the French stock market replacing the EFX 50.
Index description.
The index was computed from a basket of the 50 most liquid stocks traded on the Paris Stock Exchange, the Paris Bourse. At the time the CAC 40 did not exist yet, the French stock exchange instead published (at the end of each trading day) a trend indicator of the French stock market. The data was computed using the closing value of the 240 largest stocks by market value. The EFX 50 was the first stock index in Paris with a streaming update based on the transaction prices of the underlying stocks.
History.
In July 1988, it was granted authorization by the French Ministry of Finance to operate as a regulated Futures and Options Exchange. On 21 July 1988, OMF launched two contracts, a future contract on the EFX 50 and an option contract on the future. The contracts were traded electronically from workstations located in the dealing rooms of the exchange members. The contracts were cash settled. 
At its launch OMF exchange members included the large European, Japanese and American banks which also traded the notional bond contract on the MATIF. Market makers on the EFX 50 future contracts included SocGen and BNP. OMF also provided clearing of the contracts and acted as a clearing house. It was granted a bank charter by the Bank of France. OMF was thus able to guarantee the trades. In July 1988, OMF was acquired by a consortium of French banks. OMF was later merged into MATIF SA which launched the CAC 40 futures contract.

</doc>
<doc id="31227299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227299" title="Salsa dura">
Salsa dura

Salsa dura, also known as salsa gorda, describes salsa music from the 1970s, which emphasizes strong percussion and horns over vocals. This is in contrast to salsa romantica, from the 1990s to the present.

</doc>
<doc id="31227300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227300" title="Bill L. Harbert">
Bill L. Harbert

Bill Lebold Harbert (born July 21, 1923 in Indianola, Mississippi; died on June 27, 2010 in Birmingham, Alabama) was an American businessman and founder of the international construction firm B.L. Harbert International. He was the brother of businessman John M. Harbert.
Life.
Harbert was born in Indianola, Mississippi on July 21, 1923. Soon after his family moved to Birmingham, Alabama, Harbert enrolled at Auburn University, where he graduated in 1948 after serving in World War II. 
Following his graduation from Auburn, he and his older brother, John M. Harbert, founded Harbert Construction Company. The company, which later changed its name to Harbert Corporation, became one of the worlds largest construction and engineering companies. In the early 1990s Harbert Corporation sold its domestic construction division to Raytheon in an effort to focus more investment management. Soon after, the international division was sold to Bill Harbert. The international division was renamed Bill Harbert International. In 2000 the company changed its name to B.L. Harbert International and is headed by Bill's son Billy Harbert.
On June 27, 2010, Harbert died at the age of 86 in Birmingham, Alabama. He was survived by his son Bill L. Harbert Jr. and his daughters Anne Harbert Moulton, and Elizabeth Harbert Cornay. Harbert had six grandchildren, one being his namesake, Billy Harbert Moulton, age 21.

</doc>
<doc id="31227301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227301" title="Medici Codex">
Medici Codex

The Medici Codex of 1518 is a music book prepared for the Pope Leo X, the second son of Lorenzo the Magnificent of the Medici family who was pope from 1513 to 1521.
The codex contains 53 motets and was presented to Leo's nephew Lorenzo de' Medici, Duke of Urbino at his wedding to a French princess in 1518.
Edward Lowinsky, in the facsimile edition (1968) proposed that Jean Mouton was the editor. The book contains a tribute motet to Leo "Gaude felix Florentia" by Andreas de Silva, motets by composers of the Franco-Flemish school, including Jean Mouton, Johannes de la Fage, Josquin Desprez, Pierrequin de Thérache, Adrian Willaert and "Inviolata integra et casta es" by the Italian Costanzo Festa.

</doc>
<doc id="31227307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227307" title="Yuliya Pidluzhnaya">
Yuliya Pidluzhnaya

Yuliya Vitalyevna Pidluzhnaya (; born October 1, 1988 in Sverdlovsk) is a Russian long jumper.

</doc>
<doc id="31227320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227320" title="We Couldn't Think of a Title (disambiguation)">
We Couldn't Think of a Title (disambiguation)

We Couldn't Think of a Title may refer to...

</doc>
<doc id="31227343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227343" title="GKM">
GKM

GKM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31227351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227351" title="Zarqa University">
Zarqa University

Zarqa University formally Zarqa Private University (Arabic: جامعة الزرقاء) is a university in the city of Zarqa, in Jordan's Zarqa Governorate. It was established in 1994, about 6 km to the east of the city center. At the university's first academic semester, there were only 150 students. In the scholastic year 2010/2011 the number of students was over 6,000 in 32 majors.
The university campus houses the headquarters of the General Secretariat of the Colleges of Computing and Information Society of the Association of Arab Universities. It is also the permanent residence of the general secretariat of the International Arab Conference on Information Technology (ACIT) 

</doc>
<doc id="31227352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227352" title="Velvet Sky (disambiguation)">
Velvet Sky (disambiguation)

Velvet Sky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31227367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227367" title="Okayama Prefectural Museum">
Okayama Prefectural Museum

Notable exhibits.
The museum houses one National Treasure, red-laced "yoroi" armor from the 12th century. Although documents about red-dyed armor lacing exist, the museum's armor is the only known example of this type of armor.
The museums also houses two important "tachi" swords, one a National Important Cultural Property and the other an Important Cultural Property of Okayama Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31227371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227371" title="Andreas de Silva">
Andreas de Silva

Andreas de Silva (fl. 1520) was a composer, possibly Portuguese or Spanish, who is known mainly from inclusion of five motets in the Medici Codex. 
Now attributed to de Silva is a madrigal "Che sentisti Madonna", misattributed to Verdelot in 1537.

</doc>
<doc id="31227374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227374" title="Take It from Me (album)">
Take It from Me (album)

Take It from Me is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Terry Gibbs featuring performances recorded in 1964 for the Impulse! label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "This is a likable small-group date". 

</doc>
<doc id="31227392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227392" title="Johannes de la Fage">
Johannes de la Fage

Johannes de la Fage (fl. 1520) was a composer of the Franco-Flemish school.
His works include motets in the Medici Codex, and a motet "Elisabeth Zachariae".

</doc>
<doc id="31227403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227403" title="2011 Latin Billboard Music Awards">
2011 Latin Billboard Music Awards

The 2011 Billboard Latin Music Awards were held on Thursday April 28, 2011 at the BankUnited Center at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida. It is produced and broadcast lived on Telemundo network. The nominees were announced on Thursday February 10, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31227414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227414" title="Éloyse Lesueur">
Éloyse Lesueur

Éloyse Lesueur (born 15 July 1988) is a French long jumper. 
Lesueur became the first female from France to win a long jump gold medal at the European Championships when she won the 2012 European Championships long jump event in Helsinki by jumping 6.81 meters in the final.
Lesueur currently holds the French national indoor record of 6.90 m. This record was set in the final of the 2013 European Indoor Championships in Gothenburg, where she won the silver medal. 
Results in international competitions.
Note: Only the position and distance in the final are indicated, unless otherwise stated. (q) means the athlete did not qualify for the final, with the overall position and distance in the qualification round indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="31227417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227417" title="Boogie-Woogie Dream">
Boogie-Woogie Dream

Boogie-Woogie Dream (1944) is an independently-made short film musical, directed by Hanus Burger, starring Lena Horne, Albert Ammons, Pete Johnson and Teddy Wilson and his orchestra. It is a significant film in the history of jazz for its early glimpse of Lena Horne (in her second film) and as the only film of boogie-woogie piano masters Albert Ammons and Pete Johnson.
Synopsis.
In a nightclub, Teddy Wilson and his orchestra are laying down their last groove for the night. In the audience, Mr. Weathercoop (Russel Morrison) and his date (Virginia Pine) briefly discuss Wilson's band. Back in the kitchen, where Albert Ammons is hanging paper and Pete Johnson tunes a piano, a kitchen maid (Lena Horne) begins to sing about how she would like to perform in a new gown, rather than to wash dishes. Pete Johnson provides an impromptu accompaniment, and then Ammons joins in on a duet; a cutaway informs us that the Weathercoops are paying attention.
The Weathercoops fall asleep, and this leads to a dream where the kitchen maid has gotten her evening gown; she introduces Ammons and Johnson, who play "Boogie Woogie Dream". Teddy Wilson then conjures up his band and backs up the maid, with some help from Johnson, on the song "Unlucky Woman." This is followed by a jam with Wilson's band, illustrated by a montage. Ammons, Johnson and the kitchen maid are then seen sleeping, propped up at the piano; the phone rings and wakes them up. Mr. Weathercoop ends up with the call, and afterward gives the others the offer that they have been dreaming about.
Background and dissemination.
Hanus (or Hannes) Burger (1909–1990) was a Czech documentary filmmaker who had fled to the United States in the wake of the Anschluss; footage he had taken when the Germans invaded Prague was incorporated into the acclaimed documentary film Crisis (1939 film), which Burger co-directed with Herbert Kline and Alexander Hammid. "Crisis" was widely acclaimed in the United States, and its success of helped propel Burger through a long string of left-wing documentaries, U.S. War Department films and other kinds of official documentary work throughout the 1940s. "Boogie Woogie Dream" was a side project, inspired by the musicians at Café Society in New York, a popular nightspot and frequent location for live radio remotes; it served as the flash point for the Boogie Woogie craze in New York City.
"Boogie Woogie Dream" was written by Austrian cabaret performer and emigrant Karl Farkas and produced by Mark Marvin, a playwright and the older brother of Herbert Kline. It was made by Burger and his small crew at Astoria Studios on Long Island. Albert Ammons and Pete Johnson, Horne, and Teddy Wilson and his orchestra were all acts then engaged at Café Society; Wilson was an established swing bandleader and pianist, whereas Horne was a relative newcomer. According to Burger, he had first wanted to engage Billie Holiday to play the kitchen maid in the film, but Holiday proved unavailable for the shooting, and he settled on Horne instead.
The film was shot in the latter part of September 1941, but it took at least three years for Burger to render it into a completed form. Burger sold it outright to Bert and Jack Goldberg in 1944; the Goldbergs were entrepreneurs in the field of race movies marketed directly to black audiences. By this time, Lena Horne had already become a star in mainstream Hollywood films. The Goldbergs extracted three distinct sections from the film, ""Unlucky Woman"," ""My New Gown"" and ""Boogie Woogie Dream"" (consisting only of Ammons and Johnson's duet) and redistributed the shorter films through Soundies Distributing Corporation, who copyrighted the titles on December 30, 1944. Nevertheless, the Goldbergs also passed the short versions on to the theatrical distributor Sack Amusements, while continuing to book the original film on a States' Rights Basis; it was also distributed to the home market in 16mm.
Preservation.
The only copyrights filed relating to "Boogie Woogie Dream" were for the Soundies shorts derived from it. No prints are known of what the film may have been like before it was sold to the Goldbergs; the "Official Films" logo is seen at the front of all surviving copies of the longer version, indicating that the 16mm home version is the main extant source for the film. If they made any other changes in the film itself, however, Burger never commented on them. 16mm prints of the full film are held by the Black Film Center/Archive at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana and at the UCLA Film and Television Archive. It has been included on several DVDs; the short versions crop up also on video collections going back into the VHS era.

</doc>
<doc id="31227421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227421" title="Oxbo, Wisconsin">
Oxbo, Wisconsin

Oxbo is an unincorporated community in the town of Draper, Sawyer County, Wisconsin, United States. Oxbo is located on the Flambeau River and Wisconsin Highway 70 west-southwest of Park Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="31227449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227449" title="Veronika Shutkova">
Veronika Shutkova

Veronika Shutkova (born May 26, 1986) is a Belarusian long jumper.

</doc>
<doc id="31227481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227481" title="Greg Mullins">
Greg Mullins

Greg Mullins is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Mullins was signed by the Milwaukee Brewers as a free agent in 1995. He played with the team at the Major League level in 1998.
Mullins played at the collegiate level at Seminole State College and the University of North Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31227510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227510" title="Irène Pusterla">
Irène Pusterla

Irène Pusterla (born 21 June 1988 in Mendrisio) is a Swiss long jumper.

</doc>
<doc id="31227551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227551" title="Juan Martín del Potro career statistics">
Juan Martín del Potro career statistics

This is a list of the main career statistics of Argentine professional tennis player, Juan Martín del Potro. To date, Del Potro has won seventeen ATP singles titles, including one Grand Slam singles title at the 2009 US Open. He was also the runner-up at the 2009 ATP World Tour Finals, a semi-finalist at the 2009 French Open and 2013 Wimbledon Championships, a quarterfinalist at the Australian Open in 2009 and 2012 and a bronze medalist at the 2012 London Olympics. On January 11, 2010 Del Potro achieved a career high singles ranking of World No. 4.
Career Achievements.
In 2008, Del Potro became the first player in ATP history to win his first four career titles in as many tournaments. This achievement is also the second-longest winning streak by a teenager in the Open Era, behind Rafael Nadal. Later that year, del Potro reached his first Grand Slam singles quarterfinal at the US Open, losing to Andy Murray in four sets. On October 6, 2008 Del Potro entered the top 10 of the ATP Singles Rankings for the first time in his career. His strong results throughout the year allowed him to qualify for the year-ending ATP World Tour Finals for the first time in his career. However, he failed to progress beyond the preliminary round-robin stage, losing two of the three matches he played. Nonetheless, Del Potro finished the year as world no. 9, the first time he had finished a year in the top 10. 
Del Potro's good form carried over into the new year as he reached his second successive Grand Slam singles quarterfinal at the Australian Open, losing to world no. 2 and eventual runner-up Roger Federer. In June of the same year, del Potro reached his first Grand Slam singles semifinal at the French Open, where he once again lost to the world no. 2 and eventual champion, Roger Federer, this time in five sets. This marked the first time that del Potro had taken a set from Federer. In August, del Potro reached his first ATP Masters Series singles final at the Rogers Cup in Canada, losing to Andy Murray in three sets. Later that year, del Potro reached his first |US Open]] by defeating then-world no. 3 Rafael Nadal in the semifinals in straight sets. Del Potro went on to win his first Grand Slam singles title by defeating world no. 1 and five-time defending champion Roger Federer for the first time in his career, prevailing in five sets. In November, del Potro lost to Nikolay Davydenko in the final of the ATP World Tour Finals in straight sets.
In January 2010, del Potro achieved a career-high singles ranking of world no. 4, but a wrist injury prevented him from competing for most of the year. In February 2011, del Potro won his first singles title since returning to the tour from injury, defeating Janko Tipsarević in the final of the Delray Beach International Tennis Championships. Later that year, del Potro reached the fourth round of the Wimbledon Championships for the first time in his career, but lost in four sets to world no. 1 and eventual runner-up, Rafael Nadal. In January 2012, del Potro reached his first Grand Slam singles quarterfinal since returning from injury at the 2012 Australian Open, but lost in straight sets to Roger Federer in a rematch of their quarterfinal match at the same event from three years prior. At the 2012 London Olympics, del Potro progressed to the semifinals, where he lost to Federer in a four-hour, three-set match. However, he won the bronze medal by defeating world no. 2 Novak Djokovic in straight sets. 
In March 2013, del Potro defeated Murray and Djokovic at BNP Paribas Open to reach his first ATP Masters 1000 final since returning from injury, where he lost to Rafael Nadal in three sets. Later that year, del Potro reached his first Wimbledon semifinal, but lost in five sets to the eventual runner-up, Novak Djokovic. With this achievement, del Potro has now reached the quarterfinals or better at all four Grand Slam events. In October, del Potro reached his third ATP Masters 1000 final at the 2013 Shanghai Rolex Masters, after defeating Rafael Nadal in the semifinals in straight sets. However, he lost to the defending champion, Novak Djokovic in the final in three sets.
Singles performance timeline.
"Current through the 2014 Dubai Tennis Championships.
1Held as Hamburg Masters until 2008, Madrid Masters (clay) 2009–present.<br>
2Held as Madrid Masters (hardcourt) until 2008, and Shanghai Masters 2009–present.
Doubles performance timeline.
"Current through the 2012 US Open (tennis).
Head-to-head record vs. Top 10 ranked players.
Del Potro's win-loss record against players who have been ranked World No. 10 or higher is as follows:
"Players who are currently playing on tour are marked in bold face.

</doc>
<doc id="31227553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227553" title="Michael Dunstan">
Michael Dunstan

Michael Dunstan (born 12 March 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Dunstan started out at South Fremantle in 1991 and it was from there that he was drafted to Fitzroy, with the 40th selection of the 1992 AFL Draft.
On his first AFL debut, against Carlton, Dunstan kicked goals with his first two kicks. He finished the season with 20 games and 20 goals and the half forward added another 18 games in 1994.
The rest of his career was ruined by injury and he managed just five appearances after joining the West Coast Eagles. He continued playing for South Fremantle but injuries forced him into retirement in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31227578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227578" title="Greg Martinez">
Greg Martinez

Gregory Alfred Martinez is a former Major League Baseball left fielder. Martinez was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the twenty-fourth round of the 1993 Major League Baseball Draft. He played with the team at the major league level in 1998.
Martinez played at the collegiate level at Barstow Community College.

</doc>
<doc id="31227607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227607" title="List of Parliamentary Speakers in the Americas in 1970">
List of Parliamentary Speakers in the Americas in 1970

Parliamentary Speakers in the Americas in 1970. This article contains among others a list of speakers of sovereign states, Canadian states, British colonial territories and French overseas departments.

</doc>
<doc id="31227610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227610" title="Il spir">
Il spir

Il Spir is a viewing platform at Conn, a location near Flims in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. 
The platform overlooking the Ruinaulta gorge of the Vorderrhein river was designed by Corinna Menn and opened in 2006. It allows a good view of the gorge and the river lying some 400 meters below. While it took 40,000,000 years to develop the Grand Canyon in Arizona, the young Rhine dug this gorge within 10,000 years. This is the age of Flims Rockslide, which covered the original Rhine valley with its debris. The river is still running through debris, meaning it has not reached the former valley yet. Flims Rockslide is the biggest rockslide whose effects are still visible in the world. 
The platform has the shape of a common swift, a common sight at the southern faces of the gorge, and consists of one single pylon, anchored by wire rope.
There is no access to near the platform for individual traffic nor public transport and the only means of transport is a privately rented carriage. Walking from Flims-Waldhaus, one can reach the platform in less than an hour, which is a slightly shorter distance as to Trin-Mulin, both villages being on the main road and offering an hourly service by the Swiss postbus system. The multi-day trekking route "Senda Sursilvana" passes Conn as well.

</doc>
<doc id="31227620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227620" title="Arasada">
Arasada

Arasada may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="31227642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227642" title="Samosely">
Samosely

Samosely (, , — "self-settlers") are illegal residents of the 30 kilometer Zone of Alienation surrounding the most heavily contaminated areas near the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Belarus and Ukraine. The zone contains a number of abandoned towns and villages whose current population is made up of people who either refused to evacuate the area or secretly resettled in the relatively unprotected region after it was cordoned off. The majority of the samosely are elderly people who made their home in the area prior to the 1986 Chernobyl disaster, although some are disaffected settlers from outside the region. When the population was evacuated, they were initially told they could return in a few days, and many faced discrimination in areas of government resettlement. As of 2009, there are thought to be less than 400 remaining samosely of an earlier population estimated at over 10,000. Most are concentrated in the town of Chernobyl itself, with about half the population dispersed in other villages throughout the zone. 
Population.
In Ukraine, population was estimated at 197 in 2012, down from 328 in 2007 and 612 in 1999. During the past 25 years, there were more than 900 deaths and just one birth in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone. The only known birth occurred on 25 August 1999, when 46-year old Lydia Sovenko gave birth to a healthy girl child. Both Lydia and her husband, Mikhail Bedernikov had returned to Chernobyl a few months earlier. The child, Maria Sovenko lived in Chernobyl until 2006. She now lives in a village outside the Exclusion Zone, attending a boarding school. Maria returns to Chernobyl only on weekends, to meet her mother who still lives there.
The average age of a Samosel was 63 in 2007. In 2012, the local administration unofficially granted permission to the elderly samosel to live in the area, but ordered all the younger inhabitants to move out. The total population in 2009 was reported to be 271. The major population centers as of 2007 were:
Also a few families live in the town of Chernobyl illegally, after migrating from areas outside the Exclusion Zone to escape poverty. These people have ignored government orders to leave the area, and are hostile to the journalists. Local administration is claiming that the squatters have occupied several houses in the town, without proper permission from the original owners.
In April 2013 Minister of social policy of Ukraine Natalia Korolevska said the settlers are getting full social support from the government but she excluded possibility of legalizing their habitance in the Zone as it is still prohibited to live there. Also the Minister said the Ministry does not register illegal settlers but estimates their number for 2013 about 200-2000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31227643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227643" title="Bread and Cheese Club">
Bread and Cheese Club

The Bread and Cheese Club was a Melbourne-based Australian art and literary society and publisher. It was founded in June 1938 with the purpose of fostering “Mateship, Art and Letters”. Its membership was all male. It promoted Australian writers and published about 40 books, as well as a magazine. The person principally involved in founding and running the organisation was book collector J.K. Moir, the club’s “Knight Grand Cheese” from its foundation until 1952. Following Moir’s death in 1958 the club went into a decline and eventually closed in 1988.
Publications.
"Bohemia", subtitled "the all-Australian literary magazine", was published from 1939 to 1967. Other publications, mainly of poetry and personal tributes issued in the 1940s, include:

</doc>
<doc id="31227665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227665" title="History of Numancia, Aklan">
History of Numancia, Aklan

Numancia is one town in Aklan that has great historical significance. Its name was derived from a Spanish Yacht, which happened to pass by from Manila. This yacht was reported to be sailing around the world.
In Spain there is also a town by the name Numancia, which became famous for its inhabitants who resisted the invading forces of Hannibal, a great general of Carthage, which was at war with Rome during that time. Some Spaniards who came here may have come from this town and requested the Spanish government to name this town Numancia through a royal decree.
The town Numancia is bounded in the east by Aklan River, in the North by the Sibuyan Sea; in the west by Makato; and in the south by Lezo. The original name of Numancia is Majanos. This is born out by the records in the national archive and the historical accounts. The name Majanos is truly Malayan in origin just like Madjaas and Madjahapit.
Madyaas is the highest mountain in Panay, which is considered the abode of goddess Sidapa by the old folks. The name Madyaas could have a derivative of the word “mataas” meaning high. Majanos could mean lowland for this is the only town in the Province of Aklan that has no highland or even a small hill. From Numancia one can view the majestic mountain of Majaas with its peak shaped like a “sarok” or “sadok”.
When the ten Malay Datu arrived from Borneo, they bought the island of Panay, formerly called the Aninipay from the Aeta Chief Marikudo. The transaction was known as the barter of Panay, Datu Puti gave a sarok to Marikudo and the gold necklace of Kapinagan, and wife of Datu Puti was given to Maniwangtiwan, the wife of Marikudo. There were other goods involved in the transaction and Marikudo gave the lowland area to Datu Puti and members of his party while Marikudo and his tribe occupied the high lands or the hills and the mountains.
In about the year 1213 A.D. after having explored the whole island, the Malay leaders met orhanized Madjaas Confederacy and or the Katilingban it Madjaas. They divided the islands in three “sakops” or provinces and naming them Akean, Hantik and Irong-Irong. Sumakwel was assigned as head of Hantik, bangkaya was assigned as head of Akean, and Paiburong was assigned as head of Irong-Irong. Sumakwel who was the senior among the three heads was chosen by popular votes to head the confederation.
The capitals of each sakop or province are the following: Bugasong in Hantik, Ogtom in Irong-Irong and Madjanos in Akean. Since Sumakwel was the first punu-an of the Madjaas Confederacy, Bugasong was the first capital of Panay.
Many historical accounts have different versions about the exact locations of the first settlement established by Bangkaya in Aklan. In Numancia there is still the small river called Madjanos that serves the boundary between Marianos and Languinbanwa. This river used to be wide and navigable. According to the old folks, sailboats used to sail up to this river but because of floods, mudflows and silting, it became narrow and shallow.
Barangay Marianos could be the very place where Datu bangkaya and his family lived together with the other Malay families who arrived with him. The present name of this barangay was corrupted to Marianos. It is not difficult to guess with less margin of error that the original name of this barangay is Madjanos considering that the Madjanos River is still there retaining its old name. The “d” in Madjanos in the course of time was eroded and replaced by letter “r” due to the dominance of the letter “r” in the Spanish language. Add the fact that the former priest by the name of Padre Mariano formerly lived in this barangay must have gradually influenced the corruption of the name Madjanos to Marianos.
In the course of time, Madjanos like the other settlements in the island of Panay became a thriving community. The population increased and more settlers came to settle here. Many other settlements were established and were scattered throughout the whole province up to what is now the province of Capiz, Capiz was formerly a part of Aklan but later the whole province was named Capiz during the arrival of Legaspi here in Panay.
The eighteenth century records in the national archive and historical sketches by some local chroniclers show that there were two names mentioned pertaining to the town of Numancia. They were Madjanos and Lawan. Lawan consists of what is now Albasan is located along seashores while Madjanos located inland. Madjanos is grown into a township, when reached up to the west bank of Aklan River. It has its own church and trading post.
Since the confederation has expanded to include Lusong, Buglas, Rorom, Sugbo and Mait, volumes of trades increased. Chinese, Indonesians and Malayan traders came here to trade. when Balinganga, the son of Datu Bangkaya, was the Punuan of the Minuro it Aklan and at the same time the head of Madjaas Confederacy and shortly after the death of Datu Paiburong, Madjanos was again the seat of the whole government of Panay and consequently became the national capital of Pre-Hispanic Philippines. 
The Minuro it Aklan became the clearing port of immigrant coming from the other places. For more than fifty years Balinganga rule the confederacy reminding his subject about the Code of Sumakwel. In the meanwhile, he followed the policy of his father throughout the Katilingban of Madjaas. From the death of Balinganga up to the arrival of Legaspi in 1570, several successors has ruled the province of Aklan and the seat of the government was transferred to different places due to demographic movement and the exigency of time.
The old site of Madjanos, which is quite neglected, was renamed Laguinbanwa meaning old town in 1620 to revive the former vitality of the community. The town of Laguinbanwa included the territories, which is now occupied by Lezo and Numancia. But as the community across the Aklan River became more prosperous, the seat of the town was transferred in 1785 to what is now Kalibo, and Lezo and Numancia became barrios of Kalibo.
As the town of Kalibo grew in importance it has become the hub of everyday life of the people in Aklan. It is here where people gathered to attend important celebrations. It is here where other municipalities pay their tribute money or taxes. Every Sunday people faithfully attended mass in Kalibo since the priests make church attendance compulsory especially during fiestas and other religious holidays. Fearing hell and the ire of the church authorities, the people were docile followers of the priests and hence, they found it necessary to hear mass and made confessions for the absolutions of their sins.
At the time, however, there were no good roads, only trails and there were no strong bridge to span wide Aklan River. And during the rainy season it was difficult to cross the swollen river. In view of this, the residents of Laguinbanwa and Guicod petitioned to the bishop of Cebu and the Military governor of the Visayas to allow them to build their own church and to have a separate municipality explaining their problems and difficulties.
After assessing the situation, the Bishop of Cebu and the military governor of the Visayas considered that the people of Laguinbanwa and Guicod are capable of providing tribute tax to run their own municipality informed the leaders of Laguinbanwa that they interpose no objection to their objection to separate from Kalibo. They requested that delegates should be sent to Kalibo were representatives of the bishop and the military governor will hear their cases.
A delegation from Laguinbanwa headed by Silvino Kimpo met the representative of the bishop and the military governor of the Visayas in Kalibo where they talked about their petition. When they were asked where to place their town and where to build their church, they explained that the consensus of the people in Laguinbanwa, Madjanos, and Lauan and also Guicod was to put the Poblacion in what is now the present site of Numancia being the center of these communities. Most of the members of the delegation of Tan Binong came from Madjanos and Laguinbanwa. So in 1856 Numancia was constituted as a municipality with Silvino Kimpo as the First Head of Kapitan Basal The appointment was approved by the Provincial Chief Executive and carried a term of two years.
When the Americans came in 1899, the military government appointed Felix Kimpo as head of the town. During the election in 1901 he was elected as the president from 1901 to 1903. At that time there were 34 provinces in the towns of Capiz, but these were reduced to 24 towns by a law passed by the civil Commission when it was found out that some towns were incapable of meeting their financial obligations and maintenance. So on March 4, 1904, an executive order was passed fusing Banga, Lezo, Nuamncia, and Kalibo into one municipality.
Five years after on July 31, 1909, the civil commission passed another law separation Lezo and Numancia from Kalibo and making Lezo as the seat of government. Numancia then, became a barrio of Lezo. In 1920 the situation was reversed with regards to the status of Lezo and Numancia. By Executive Order No. 17, series of 1920, the seat of government was transferred to Numancia and Lezo became a barrio of Numancia.
The people of Lezo were not willing to be subordinates of Numancia and so they filed a petition stating their intent to be a separate town. It was just before the outbreak of the Second World War when then Pres. Quezon approved their petition when he issued Executive Order No. 364 series of 1941 dated August 28, 1941 making Lezo as a separate municipality. On account of World War II, the actual inauguration for the separation of the municipality of Lezo from the Municipality of Numancia was deferred to January 1, 1945. On this date both Lezo and Numancia became separate municipalities. 
II- LGU PROFILE 
Barangays.
Albasan,
Aliputos,
Badio,
Bubog,
Bulwang, 
Camanci Norte,
Camanci Sur,
Dongon East,
Dongon West,
Joyao-Joyao,
Laguinbanwa East,
Laguinbanwa West,
Marianos,
Navitas,
Poblacion,
Pusiw,
Tabangka,
Tourism.
Numancia’s tourist attractions include beach resort situated along coastline barangays like the Doña Crispina Beach Resort and Hotel and other existing Beach resorts in Barangay Navitas and in Barangay Camanci Norte and Nadal Castle at Laguinbanwa West, Numancia, Aklan. 

</doc>
<doc id="31227702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227702" title="Arasada, India">
Arasada, India

Arasada () is a village in Balijipeta mandal of Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is located about 61 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001 the demographic details of Arasada village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31227710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227710" title="Sierra del Sueve">
Sierra del Sueve

The Sierra del Sueve is a limestone massif located close to the coast in the east-central area of Asturias, Spain. It is a northern foothill of the Cantabrian Mountains. The range is located in the municipalities of northeast Caravia, Colunga in the northwest, Piloña, Parres and Ribadesella to the east and south.
Geography.
The Sierra del Sueve is calcareous. In the westernmost section, shales, limestone, and sandstone form smooth river valleys that contrast with the eastern section, which is dominated by quartzite. In the central section, the limestone range is the main relief. Sinkhole karst are a dominant geomorphological feature in the Sierra del Sueve.
There are two adjacent ranges, the Sueve whose highest peak is the Picu Pienzu at above sea level, and the El Fito (Fitu), a small mountain, with a peak of the same name. These mostly consist of limestone and quartzite.
The climate is humid and rainy, with mild temperatures due to the proximity to the sea. At the summit, fog is abundant due to the sea effects. Wind is common.
Protected area.
The area is a protected landscape that includes with both the range and the coast. Covering an area of , it is divided between the municipalities of Caravia, Colunga, Parres, Piloña, and Ribadesella.
The Sueve Range includes a Regional Hunting Reserve within its limits. Its proximity to the sea adds to its ecological value. Farming and mountain grazing areas for cows, goats, sheep, horses and ponies are also part of the landscape.
Flora.
Though Sierra del Sueve manifests a high degree of deforestation, it retains some remnants of forest. "La Biescona" is a beech forest in the northern area of the range close to the coast where there are clumps of chestnut trees and the remains of pine and eucalyptus reforestation, scattered between areas of shrubland and meadows. The most notable forested area is at the northern end where the trees are clumped and dominated by holly groves and "espinera" while also containing other species such as ash, beech, birch, elm, hazel, maple, yew, Wild Pear and brush.
Lastly, at the base of the mountain on its north side, there is a microclimate and an enclave of ferns whose distribution in such a non-tropical area makes them very rare, not only in Asturias but throughout Europe. In the populated shores, ferns are present as a rare mattress ferns or helechilla and estando ambas ("Trichomanes speciosum"); both species are listed under the Catalogue Regional Threatened Flora.
Fauna.
Wildlife includes fox, wild boar, feral pigs "(Sus scrofa)" Roe Deer, and the Asturian horse breed of Asturcon. Asturias, found in the high mountains of Sierra del Sueve are rare species with black or bay colour but without any white pigmentation. It is a small breed that does not trot but moves with an easy gait, leading to its popularity as a "ladies' mount". The Romans called this breed “asturcones”. This breed, which was facing extinction, has been protected by breed associations for further breeding.
The deer species of "Dama dama" (female), which was reintroduced in the 1960s for hunting adopted well to the region and their population had to be often controlled. However, efforts to introduce male deer, the stag (Cervus elaphus), was not successful and they moved away to other places in the eastern areas near Fito. Vertebrate fauna are also a species of special concern. Also present here are the Alpine Chough ("Pyrrhocorax graculus"), the golden eagle "(Aquila chrysaetos)", cave bats "(Miniopterus schreibersi)" and reptiles such as the Mountain Lizard" (Iberolacerta monticola)."
Birds of prey include the Egyptian Vulture ("Neophron percnopterus"), a threatened species.
Tourism.
Sierra del Sueve can be accessed by road from Infiesto and Colunga by the AS-258; the AS-432 to La Torre; and also the N-632. The viewpoint at the peak of Fitu provides excellent vistas of the shallow coastal zone
from Caravia to Villaviciosa.
Hiking and mountaineering are favoured in the range. There are routes that begin in the town of Carandía; another through Portil, the MUA and Requexu lake; and another from Piloña. An Interpretation Center of the Sierra del Sueve was established in April 2007 by the City of Colunga to guide visitors on visit the sea and mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="31227717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227717" title="2011 in South Africa">
2011 in South Africa


</doc>
<doc id="31227721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227721" title="Portrait of Père Tanguy">
Portrait of Père Tanguy

Portrait of Père Tanguy, painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1887, is one of his three paintings of Julien Tanguy. The three works demonstrate a progression in Van Gogh's artistic style after his arrival in Paris. The first is somber, and formed from a simple composition. The second introduces Van Gogh's Japanese prints. The last and most advanced in style, skill and color integrates Japanese, Impressionist, and other influences on the Parisian artist community. This painting conveys a sense of serenity that Van Gogh seeks for himself. This last painting of Tanguy is in the Musée Rodin, Paris.
Van Gogh in Paris.
In 1886, Van Gogh left the Netherlands never to return. He moved to Paris to live with his brother Theo, a Parisian art dealer. Vincent entered Paris as a shy, somber man. While his personality would never change, he emerged artistically into what one critic described as a "singing bird". Although Van Gogh had been influenced by great masters in the Netherlands, coming to Paris meant that he was exposed to Impressionists, Symbolists, Pointillists, and Japanese art ("see Japonism"). His circle of friends included Camille Pissarro, Henri Toulouse-Lautrec, Paul Gauguin, Émile Bernard, Paul Signac, and others. The works of the Japanese printmakers Hiroshige and Hokusai greatly influenced Van Gogh, both for the subject matter and the style of flat patterns of colors without shadow. In the two years from 1886 through 1888 he spent working in Paris, Van Gogh explored the various genres, creating his own unique style.
The painting.
The brightly colored painting and confident subject represent a shift in Vincent's attitude. Van Gogh called his use of bright colors "gymnastics" that through experimentation created great depth, harmony and balance in his work. The painting contains a background of Van Gogh's Japanese prints that were sold at Tanguy's shop. On top of Tanguy's hat is Mount Fuji; Kabuki actors share the wall with cherry trees in bloom.
The Japanese paintings represent Van Gogh's search for serenity, which he describes in a letter to his sister during this period, "Having as much of this serenity as possible, even though one knows little – nothing – for certain, is perhaps a better remedy for all diseases than all the things that are sold at the chemist's shop." In an effort to capture serenity in his painting, Van Gogh paints Tanguy with a calm, contemplative nature. Historian of Symbolism Naomi Maurer describes him as having the "iconic tranquility of Buddha."
Van Gogh died in 1890, Tanguy died four years after. Following Tanguy's death, his daughter sold the "Portrait of Père Tanguy" to sculptor Auguste Rodin. The "Portrait of Père Tanguy," previously in Rodin's personal collection, is in the permanent collection at Musée Rodin in Paris.
Julien Tanguy.
Julien François Tanguy (1825 Plédran - 1894 Paris) was a paint grinder, he sold art supplies and was also an art dealer, one of the first to offer Van Gogh's paintings for sale. His jovial demeanor and enthusiasm for artistry and artists made his shop one of the most favored art supply shops in Paris, and he was nicknamed "Père" ("Father") Tanguy. Maurer calls Tanguy a father figure who shared his food and money with artists and showed their paintings with pride.
Tanguy took paintings as payment for paints, which Émile Bernard said made entering his shop in Montmartre, full of Impressionist paintings, like "visiting a museum". In comparison to her husband, Tanguy's wife was less cooperative and more concerned with clientele paying outstanding charges. When Tanguy died, his friends staged an auction for his widow.
Octave Mirbeau wrote a notice about him in "L'Écho de Paris" on 13 February 1894.
Three "Portraits of Julien Tanguy".
Van Gogh painted three portraits of Julien (Père) Tanguy.
In winter 1886/87 van Gogh painted his first portrait of Tanguy. It is mostly brown, with a touch of red on his lips and a green on his apron. Writer Victoria Finlay describes him as looking more like a workman than an art dealer.
In 1887, van Gogh began to experiment with brighter colors, such as red against green and orange against blue. The other two paintings show him sitting in front of a colorful wall of Japanese prints. The second to the right was painted by van Gogh in one thirty-minute sitting, and Tanguy kept the original version of the painting. Actor Edward G. Robinson and his wife Gladys Lloyd Robinson, a painter, owned the painting, which they sold to Greek shipping tycoon Stavros Niarchos.
The second, more advanced painting with Japanese prints is held in the Musée Rodin in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="31227725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227725" title="Fool Me">
Fool Me

"Fool Me" is a song written by Joe South. South's version was released as a single in 1971 and peaked at number 78 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Lynn Anderson version.
"Fool Me" was also recorded by American country music artist Lynn Anderson. Released in October 1972, it was the second single from her album "Listen to a Country Song". The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31227735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227735" title="Lunar Swirls">
Lunar Swirls

Lunar Swirls are enigmatic features found across the Moon’s surface, which are characterized by having a high albedo, appearing optically immature (i.e. having the optical characteristics of a relatively young regolith), and (often) having a sinuous shape. Their curvilinear shape is often accentuated by low albedo regions that wind between the bright swirls. They appear to overlay the lunar surface, superposed on top of craters and ejecta deposits, but impart no observable topography. Swirls have been identified on the lunar maria and highlands - they are not associated with a specific lithologic composition. Swirls on the maria are characterized by strong albedo contrasts and complex, sinuous morphology, whereas those on highland terrain appear less prominent and exhibit simpler shapes, such as single loops or diffuse bright spots.
Association with Magnetic Anomalies.
The lunar swirls are coincident with regions of relatively high magnetic field strength on a planetary body that does not, and may never have had, an active core dynamo with which to generate its own magnetic field. Every swirl has an associated magnetic anomaly, but not every magnetic anomaly has an identifiable swirl. Orbital magnetic field mapping by the Apollo 15 and 16 sub-satellites, Lunar Prospector, and Kaguya show regions where the magnetic field is high relative to the Moon's current magnetic field, which is 0 nT. Because the Moon has no currently active global magnetic field, these regional anomalies are regions of remanent magnetism; their origin remains controvertible.
Swirl Formation Models.
There are three leading models for swirl formation. There are two characteristics of lunar swirls that any model of their formation must take into account:
Models for creation of the magnetic anomalies relevant to swirl formation, although independent of the swirls' optical characteristics, point to the observation that several of the magnetic anomalies are antipodal to the younger, large impact basins. Magnetization of these antipodal regions could occur in the presence of an amplified magnetic ﬁeld, such as would result from a plasma cloud generated by the basin forming impact interacting with a weak magnetic ﬁeld present at the Moon at the time of basin formation. An unusually thick and/or strongly magnetized deposit of basin ejecta has been invoked to explain swirls that are not antipodal to a basin, such as the Reiner Gamma Formation. An alternative model to a plasma-induced magnetic anomaly, but which also draws upon the basin-antipode correlation is by impact-induced currents and seismic waves ringing the planet.
Once the magnetic anomaly has been installed, the swirls are formed because they are protected from the solar wind. The solar wind shielding model proposes that the swirls represent exposed silicate materials whose albedos have been selectively preserved over time from the effects of space weathering via deflection of solar wind ion bombardment. According to this model, optical maturation of exposed silicate surfaces in the inner solar system is at least partly a function of the solar wind ion bombardment. This model suggests that swirl formation is a continuing process, which began after placement of the magnetic anomaly.
The cometary impact model argues that the high albedo of the swirls is the result of scouring of the top-most surface regolith by the coma’s turbulent flow of gas and dust, which exposed fresh material and redeposited the fine, scoured material in discrete deposits. According to this model, the associated strong magnetic anomalies are the result of magnetization of near-surface materials heated above the Curie temperature through hyper-velocity gas collisions and micro-impacts as the coma impacts the surface. Proponents of the cometary impact model consider the occurrence of many swirls antipodal to relatively young, major basins to be coincidental or the result of incomplete mapping of swirl locations.
The dust transport model proposes that weak electric fields created by interaction between the crustal magnetic anomalies and the solar wind plasma could attract or repel electrically charged fine dust. High albedo, feldspathic material is the dominant component of the finest particles of lunar soil. Electrostatic movement of dust lofted above the surface during terminator crossings could cause preferentially accumulate and form the bright, looping swirl patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="31227747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227747" title="Danilo Stojanović">
Danilo Stojanović

Danilo Stojanović widelly known as Čika Dača () (1878 – 1967) was one of the football pioneers in the Kingdom of Serbia.
Born in Lapovo. On September 14, 1903, he formed the first football club in the Kingdom of Serbia (which then excluded Vojvodina), the FK Šumadija 1903 becoming its president until 1906, when he moved to Belgrade. In 1911 he was a founding member of BSK Belgrade where he became vice-president. However, a year later, after disagreements with the direction, he left BSK and became president of another Belgrade club, SK Dušanovac. With the start of the Balkan War he joined the Serbian Army and was relocated to Kragujevac. At the end of the war he returned to Belgrade and he formed, along with a group of dissidents from BSK, the SK Velika Srbija on August 1, 1913. The First World War begin in 1914 and after the end, in 1918, the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes was formed, which was colloquially known as Yugoslavia, so the club changed its name to SK Jugoslavija as "Velika Srbija" meant "Great Serbia", a name now obsolete as all the focus was going towards the new country. He was also the coach of Jugoslavija between 1923 and 1924. In 1926 he left Jugoslavija, however during the period he was at the club, Jugoslavija won two national championships and became one of the biggest clubs in the country.
After leaving the direction board of Jugoslavija, he did not abandon football, but instead he was a directing member of many sports organizations staying attached to his passion, football, throughout the rest of his life. In 1951 he published a book "Čika Dačine uspomene" (Čika Dača's Memories). He died in Belgrade in 1967.
Despite mostly known as the founder of some of the major Serbian clubs in that period, he also had an active playing career as well. Initially teams in Serbia had one weak spot, the goalkeeper, because initially most players avoided playing in that harsh position. However, with time the goalkeeping place begin being an honorable role, as it was mostly performed by high-class youngsters who were the only ones at that period able to afford to have complete football equipment, and because of this they became the focus of attention by the public. Čika Dača was one of them. He started a career as goalkeeper at the club he was president, SK Šumadija, where he played from 1903 until 1906. Then he moved to the capital where he actually played as left-winger while with SK Soko where he stayed until 1910. After spending over a year at the direction of BSK Belgrade, he moved to SK Dušanovac where his presidential position did not prevent him from taking the goalkeeping role occasionally. Then, between 1913 and 1914 he played for SK Velika Srbija. He was known for always wearing white and his elegance was always appreciated by the spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31227750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227750" title="Lamason (disambiguation)">
Lamason (disambiguation)

Lamason may refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31227756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227756" title="Libyan frigate Dat Assawari">
Libyan frigate Dat Assawari

The Dat Assawari was a frigate operated by the Libyan Navy. The ship was built by Vosper Thornycroft in Britain. It was ordered in February 1968 and delivered in 1973. The ship's design, the Vosper Mk 7 is a modified version of the Alvand class frigate built for the Iranian Navy. The ship had an extensive refit in Italy by CNR Riva Trigoso 1979-80 when new sensors and missiles (as listed in table above) were installed. A further refit was completed in 1990. The current operational status of the ship is unclear

</doc>
<doc id="31227764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227764" title="List of horror video games">
List of horror video games


</doc>
<doc id="31227772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227772" title="Listen to a Country Song (song)">
Listen to a Country Song (song)

"Listen to a Country Song" is a song written by Al Garth and Jim Messina. It was originally recorded by Loggins and Messina on their 1971 album "Sittin' In". Drummer Merel Bregante is using brushes on his drum kit rather than sticks, which helps to reflect the country feel of the song, Al Garth is playing violin and Michael Omartian is playing both tack piano and grand piano.
The song was first released as a single by American country music artist Lynn Anderson. Released in May 1972, it was the second single from her album "Listen to a Country Song". The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Kikki Danielsson covered the song on her 1981 album "Just Like a Woman".
Personnel.
Loggins & Messina

</doc>
<doc id="31227782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227782" title="Zindagi Dhoop Tum Ghana Saya">
Zindagi Dhoop Tum Ghana Saya

Zindagi Dhoop Tum Ghana Saya is a Pakistani drama television series which premiered on ARY Digital on February 19, 2011. The serial is televised every Saturday at 8:00 p.m. (PST). The serial is directed by Syed Atif Hussain, written by Faiza Iftikhar, and produced by Humayun Saeed and Abdullah Kadwani's production house 7th Sky Entertainment.
Plot.
The story of "Zindagi Dhoop Tum Ghana Saya" revolves around Hira (Sanam Baloch) who is from a middle-class background and whose parents died when she was just a child. She had led a very tough life and faced many disappointments. However, her disappointments were over when she married to Mazhar (Fahad Mustafa) who belonged to a very well-off family and proved to be a very loving husband. Mazhar's family makes things difficult for her but Mazhar's love is enough for her.
Within a year and a half, Mazhar dies in a car accident. Life again becomes very difficult for Hira. Hira's sister in law Rizwana (Shugufta Ejaz) wants to grab power and control in her brother's house. She poisons her parents against Hira. Soon Hira is thrown out of the house. In our society, life is not easy for a young widow. Hira is then married off to Naveed (Shabbir Jan), a widower, and starts a new period of suffering.

</doc>
<doc id="31227785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227785" title="Tukzar">
Tukzar

Tukzar or Tokzar or Tugzar is a town in Sangcharak district of Sar-e Pol Province, Afghanistan. The town is the administrative centre of Sangcharak district.

</doc>
<doc id="31227791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227791" title="Sithathor">
Sithathor

Sithathor ("daughter of Hathor") was an Ancient Egyptian princess with the title "king's daughter". She is only known from her burial at Dahshur. Next to the pyramid of king Senusret III were found underground galleries as a burial place for royal women. Most of the burials were found looted, but there were two boxes for jewellery overlooked by tomb robbers. Both boxes contained an outstanding collection of jewellery. They were called the "first" and the "second treasure" of Dahshur. The first treasure was discovered on 6 March 1894 and belonged most likely once to Sithathor. Several scarabs with her name were found. The treasure contained a pectoral with the names of king Senusret II, one of the masterpieces of Egyptian goldwork. Other objects were golden shells, golden bracelets, a mirror and several stone vases. Sithathor is not known for sure outside her tomb. She was perhaps a daughter of Senusret III, but it is also possible that she was the daughter of Senusret II and buried as sister of king Senusret III next to him.

</doc>
<doc id="31227795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227795" title="There's a Party Goin' On">
There's a Party Goin' On

"There's a Party Goin' On" is a single by American country music artist Jody Miller. Released in May 1972, it was the third single from her album "There's a Party Goin' On". The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
This is not the same song as "There's a Party Goin' On" that is the title track on Wanda Jackson's 1961 album, also called "There's a Party Goin' On". That song was written by John Berry and Don Covay. 

</doc>
<doc id="31227796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227796" title="François Asselineau">
François Asselineau

François Asselineau (; born September 14, 1957) is a French politician and an Inspector General. He belonged to the Rally for France (RPF), before creating his own political party, Popular Republican Union, (UPR Union Populaire Républicaine), a movement proposing France's unilateral withdrawal from the European Union, the Eurozone and NATO. He was an announced candidate for the 2012 French presidential election but failed to muster the 500 signatures from elected politicians to run for president.
Education.
Asselineau enrolled in HEC Paris where he graduated with the MSc in Management from the Grande école program in 1980. He enrolled at École nationale d'administration (ENA) where he graduated in 1985.
Ministerial career.
After graduating from HEC Paris and before enrolling École nationale d'administration (ENA), Asselineau started his career in Japan in the department of economic expansion for National Service Overseas (CSNE). Asselineau served in 1985 as inspector General in the "inspection générale des Finances".
From 1989 to 1990, he was chief of mission for the National Credit. He was also president of the direction of the "Society for Economical and Financial Analysis and Diagnostic" (SADEF). In 1991, he became chief of mission of the Asia-Oceania office at the "Direction of Foreign Economical Relation" (DREE) in the Ministry of Economy and Finance in the Pierre Bérégovoy government.
From 1994 to 1995, he served as minister-counsellor for international affairs in the Ministry of Industry in the Edouard Balladur government.
In June 1995, he was named director of the office of the Ministry of Tourism. In 1996, he moved to the ministry of Foreign Affairs, where he was in charge of economic matters for Asia, Oceania and Latin America until the dissolution of parliament by Jacques Chirac in 1997.
Engagement in Politics.
In 1999, François Asselineau engaged himself in politics by becoming a member of the Rally for France (RPF), a party created by Charles Pasqua and Philippe de Villiers. He became a member of the national bureau, director of studies and spokesman of the party until autumn 2005. On July 27, 2000, François Asselineau became vice-director of the general council of the Hauts-de-Seine. He was in charge of economic and international affairs. On March 19, 2001, François Asselineau was elected as a member of the council of Paris in the 19e arrondissement de Paris. His list, a right-wing dissident list made with an agreement between Jean Tiberi and Charles Pasqua, was in a triangular against a Rally for the Republic (RPR) list and unified left list composed with Socialist Party (PS). On May 23, 2001, Charles Pasqua nominated François Asselineau as the director of his office of the presidency of the general council of Hauts-de-Seine where he worked until March 30, 2004 when Nicolas Sarkozy took over the position of Charles Pasqua.
On October 20, 2004, Nicolas Sarkozy nominated François Asselineau as the director of the general delegation for economic intelligence within the Minister of Economy and Finance. On December 31, 2004, he decided to join the group Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) at the Council of Paris. On November 3, 2006, he decided to quit the group and seat with the "non-inscrit" just after Françoise de Panafieu, for whom he worked, was elected president of the council of Paris for the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).
Creation of the UPR.
In November 2006, Asselineau joined the steering committee of "Rally for an Independent and Sovereign France" (RIF), a party created by Paul-Marie Coûteaux, but left three months later. On March 25, 2007, for the 50th anniversary of the Rome Treaty signature, he created the Popular Republican Union (UPR).
In September 2007, Asselineau participated in a dissident political group named "Paris Libre" with several other ex-UMP members. The group ran several lists against the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP), and Asselineau ran a list in the 17e arrondissement de Paris against Françoise de Panafieu. However, he then backtracked, denouncing consequent pressure on the members of his list.
2012 French presidential election.
In January 2011, Asselineau announced his intention to run for the 2012 French presidential election. He confirmed his candidacy in December 2011 during the national congress of the Popular Republican Union. However, François Asselineau was finally not among the ten candidates officially endorsed by Constitutional council, as he could muster only 17 out of the 500 signatures from elected politicians that are necessary to run for president. As a consequence, Asselineau called for boycotting the election that he described as not being democratic.
2013 French legislative election.
Following the Cahuzac affair and the resignation of Jérôme Cahuzac for whom Asselineau worked for as civil servant under the Ministry of Finance, Asselineau decided to run for the legislative election in the Lot-et-Garonne's 3rd constituency aside with Régis Chamagne. His candidacy has been qualified as atypical by the magazine "La Dépêche du Midi" and considered as one of the thoughtful candidacies not representing a major party by the magazine "L'Express". However, he was described as being parachuted to what he explained that it was not applicable for legislative election since members of the National Assembly are representing the whole nation not a region.
Asselineau's goal to run for this election was to expose the Popular Republican Union analysis to the locals that the European Union is "a deception" and "the cause of their problem". In addition, He wanted to galvanize party's members and to gain in notoriety thanks to the media exposure of this election. He failed to reach the second round with a score of 0.58%.
2014 European Parliament election.
Asselineau ran for the 2014 European Parliament election as the head of the list for the Île-de-France constituency. His purpose was to introduce UPR's program hoping to bring electors deceived from the current political system to his analysis and gain in notoriety thanks to the media exposure. Asselineau complained to CSA to not have access to media and claimed that media's principle of equity was to expose parties that are already well-known. The CSA issued two warnings at 10 and 2 days before the end of the campaign about the emergency to balance the desequilibrium of the parties exposure. He scored 0.56% of votes cast in his constituency.
Political platform and position on recent topics.
Asselineau runs on a neither right nor left anti-EU platform, stating that all French policy decisions are made by an "unelected oligarchy, not French," leading to the political disaffection of the French public, and that the continued rule of the EU over European affairs will lead to a "global apartheid." 
Complaints against Media.
Asselineau has claimed to be the victim of censorship by the French media. As a declared candidate for the French presidential election, 2012, he believes that French media are not following the recommendation advised by the Conseil supérieur de l'audiovisuel (CSA) . In response to Asselineau's complaint, the CSA confirmed that any potential candidate has to be treated fairly, and that all communication tools will be taken in account to measure the candidate's representativeness, including Internet ones
Asselineau has also charged the French Wikipedia with censoring his page. According to Numerama, the page was repeatedly deleted from the French Wikipedia because Asselineau does not meet the requisite notability criteria.

</doc>
<doc id="31227805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227805" title="Graham Ludlow">
Graham Ludlow

Graham Ludlow is a Canadian actor, executive, screenwriter and producer. Ludlow was born in England but grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia. He graduated from Magee Secondary School.
Ludlow wrote the film "" (1997), starring Rutger Hauer and narrated by Richard Dreyfuss. "The Hollywood Reporter" said that it was, "... a pleasant surprise. Much more faithful to Jack London's 1903 classic than the two Hollywood versions." The "New York Post" claimed Ludlow's adaptation was the "best version yet of Jack London's classic story of survival." Ludlow also wrote the television movie "Storm Cell" (2008).
His acting roles include the films "Welcome to 18" (1986) and "Thunder Run" (1986).
Ludlow was a producer of the action film "The Condemned" (2007). He was executive producer of the television film "Anya's Bell" (1999), which was nominated for a Humanitas Prize in 2000, and won the 2000 Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a TV Movie. 
He executive produced "Eight Days to Live" (2006), which was nominated for a Gemini Award for Best TV Movie. Broadcast in Canada by CTV, "Eight Days To Live" became CTV's highest rated TV movie.
Ludlow was also executive producer of "In God's Country" (2007), which won the 2008 CFTPA Indie Award for Best TV Movie and was nominated for a Gemini Award for Best TV Movie; "The Good Times are Killing Me" (2009), another Gemini Award nominee for Best TV Movie; and "She Drives Me Crazy" (2007), which was nominated and then won the Gemini Award for Best TV Movie in 2010.
Ludlow wrote the screenplay for and is an executive producer of "The Riverbank" (2012). The film was the Opening Night Gala Presentation at the 24th edition of Cinéfest Sudbury International Film Festival on September 15, 2012,

</doc>
<doc id="31227809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227809" title="Songs for a Sinking Ship">
Songs for a Sinking Ship

Songs For a Sinking Ship is a 2010 album by Brooklyn-based band April Smith and the Great Picture Show, released independently using Kickstarter for funding. "Drop Dead Gorgeous", from the album, was featured on Amazon.com's Top 10 Pop Songs of 2010 List and Top 100 Songs of 2010 List

</doc>
<doc id="31227815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227815" title="Loving You Could Never Be Better">
Loving You Could Never Be Better

"Loving You Could Never Be Better" is the title of a song written by Earl Montgomery, and recorded by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in April 1972 as the second single from his album "George Jones (We Can Make It)". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31227816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227816" title="Natalya Kutyakova">
Natalya Kutyakova

Natalya Igorevna Kutyakova (; born February 17, 1986) is a Russian triple jumper.

</doc>
<doc id="31227834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227834" title="Reach Out Your Hand (And Touch Somebody)">
Reach Out Your Hand (And Touch Somebody)

"Reach Out Your Hand (And Touch Somebody)" is a single by American country music artist Tammy Wynette. Released in April 1972, it was the second single from her album "Bedtime Story". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31227843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227843" title="Petia Dacheva">
Petia Dacheva

Petia Dacheva (born March 10, 1985) is a Bulgarian triple jumper.

</doc>
<doc id="31227857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227857" title="Kate (Johnny Cash song)">
Kate (Johnny Cash song)

"Kate" is a single by American country music artist Johnny Cash. Released in March 1972, it was the third single from his album "A Thing Called Love". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31227862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227862" title="Oksana Okuneva">
Oksana Okuneva

Oksana Okuneva (Ukrainian: Окунева Оксана; born 14 March 1990 in Nikolaev) is a Ukrainian high jumper.
She won the silver medal at the European U23 Championships in Ostrava, Czech Republic, and the gold medal at the 2014 IAAF World Challenge Hengelo in Netherlands
Her personal best jump is 1.95 metres, achieved in June 2014 in Kiev at the Ukraine Team Championship

</doc>
<doc id="31227893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227893" title="All His Children">
All His Children

"All His Children" is a single by American country music artist Charley Pride with music by Henry Mancini. Released in January 1972, the song was the theme of the film "Sometimes a Great Notion". The song peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31227894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227894" title="Khalifa Haftar">
Khalifa Haftar

Khalifa Belqasim Haftar (sometimes spelled Hifter, Hefter or Huftur, ; born ca. 1943) is a senior military officer in Libya. In April 2011, he was reported as holding the rank of major general. Although born in and primarily active in Libya, he spent nearly two decades in the United States and is a US citizen.
Early life.
Haftar was born in Ajdabiya circa 1943, and is a member of the al-Farjani tribe. He graduated from the Benghazi Military Academy and then went on to receive military training in the Soviet Union.
Early years in the Gaddafi government.
Haftar assisted Gaddafi in the overthrow of Libya's King Idris in 1969. Like other members of the Free Unionist Officers (the junta that toppled the monarchy), Haftar was a secularist and a Nasserist. He was a member of the Revolutionary Command Council which governed Libya in the immediate aftermath of the civil war. Haftar later became Gaddafi's military chief of staff.
War with Chad.
In 1986, he had attained the rank of colonel, and was then the chief officer in command of Gaddafi's military forces in Chad in the Chadian–Libyan conflict. During the war, in which the Libyan forces were either captured or driven back across the border, Haftar and 600-700 of his men were captured as prisoners of war, and incarcerated in 1987 after their defeat in the Battle of Maaten al-Sarra. Shortly after this disastrous battle, Gaddafi disavowed Haftar and the other Libyan prisoners of war captured by Chad. One possible contributing factor to Gaddafi's repudiation of Haftar and of other captured prisoners of war may have been the fact that Gaddafi had earlier signed an agreement to withdraw all Libyan forces from Chad, and Haftar's operations inside of Chad had been in violation of this agreement. Another possible reason given for Gaddafi's abandonment of Haftar was the potential that Haftar might return to Libya as a hero and thus pose a threat to Gaddafi's rule itself. In any event, Gaddafi's repudiation clearly served to embitter Haftar towards Gaddafi.
Opposition to Gaddafi.
After several years of incarceration and eventual release, and after an American CIA negotiated settlement around 1990, he and several of his former affiliates moved to the United States, where they were ostensibly trained by the CIA in Langley, Virginia.
Role in the Libyan Civil War.
In 2011, he returned to Libya to support the Libyan Civil War. In March, a military spokesperson announced that Haftar had been appointed commander of the military, but the National Transitional Council denied this. By April, Abdul Fatah Younis held the role of commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces, Omar El-Hariri serving as Younis' Chief of Staff and Haftar took the third most senior position as the commander of ground forces with the rank of lieutenant general. Younis was assassinated later that summer.
Efforts to dissolve the GNC.
In February 2014 Haftar appeared in a televised announcement, announcing that the Libyan GNC had been dissolved. His announcement was soon dismissed with great skepticism by the then acting Prime Minister Ali Zeidan, describing the apparent coup attempt as "ridiculous". 
Operation Dignity: Three months later on 16 May in Operation Dignity, Haftar re-emerged with a much stronger hand, directing a combined air and ground assault against the pro-Islamic militias of Benghazi, as well as a sustained heavy weapons attack against the Libyan parliament. At the time of the Benghazi assault Haftar, who is no stranger to assassination attempts on his life, reportedly explained to a friend that he was fully aware of the personal safety risks that naturally attend such military adventures. On 20 May 2014, four days after the Benghazi assault, the GNC announced that it had finally scheduled the long postponed elections that were meant to result in the dissolution of the GNC and its replacement by a new representative assembly, to be known as the "House of Representatives". These elections were scheduled for 25 June 2014. 
Later in May, after having been ousted from office by the General National Congress (GNC), Ali Zeidan then endorsed Operation Dignity, along with 40 members of parliament, and the heads of the navy, the air-force, and much of the army. In June 2014, a suicide car bomber detonated his vehicle at Haftar's residence in Benghazi, killing 4 people and injuring at least 3 others. Haftar was not injured in the attack.
In eastern Libya Haftar's air and ground forces remained in place, and seemed to be gaining general support. Over the course of May and June numerous pro Operation Dignity marches were held throughout Libya, and in the June 25 elections, the secularists gained a clear mandate over and against the Islamist agenda. Meanwhile, despite its initial denouncement of Operation Dignity in May, Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thani's administration has since continued to give no word of any further official endorsement or denouncement of Haftar's "Operation Dignity". Haftar remains resolute that one of the aims of Operation Dignity is to completely dismantle the Libyan branch of the Muslim Brotherhood, as well as what he considers to be any other "Islamist terrorist" organizations within Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="31227910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227910" title="Ann (Don't Go Runnin')">
Ann (Don't Go Runnin')

"Ann (Don't Go Runnin')" is a single by American country music artist Tommy Overstreet. Released in December 1971, it was the first single from his album "This Is Tommy Overstreet". The song peaked at No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart, his highest-charting single on the chart. It also reached No. 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada, and was his only chart-topper there.

</doc>
<doc id="31227911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227911" title="David Louis Band">
David Louis Band

David Louis Band or David L. Band (9 January 1957 - 16 March 2009) was an astronomer, a leading scientist in theory of the gamma-ray bursts.
Life.
David Band was born January 9, 1957, in Boston, Massachusetts to a Jewish family.
His father was Arnold Band, professor of Jewish and Hebrew literature at UCLA, and his mother was Ora Band, Hebrew teacher. 
After graduating from MIT in Physics (1979), David continued as a graduate student in Physics at Harvard. 
He got his MA in 1980 and his Ph.D. Physics at Harvard in 1985 in the title of "Non‑thermal Radiation Mechanisms and Processes in SS433 and Active Galactic Nuclei" (supervised by Prof. Jonathan Grindlay).
Scientific work.
After he received his Ph.D. Dr. Band held postdoctoral positions at the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory, the University of California at Berkeley and the Center for Astronomy and Space Sciences at the University of California San Diego. He worked on the BATSE experiment that was part of the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory (CGRO), launched in 1991.
He also proposed the functional form (known as the Band-function) for the description of the prompt spectra of the gamma-ray bursts.
After the CGRO mission ended, Dr. Band moved to the Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) where he worked mainly on classified research and continued to work on GRB energetics and spectra. When NASA planned two new follow‑up missions to CGRO, the Swift and GLAST observatories, David Band seized an opportunity in 2001 to join the staff the Fermi Science Support Center at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC).

</doc>
<doc id="31227932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227932" title="I Can't See Me Without You">
I Can't See Me Without You

"I Can't See Me Without You" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Conway Twitty. It was released in November 1971 as the first single and title track from his album "I Can't See Me Without You". The song peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31227958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227958" title="Nikoleta Kyriakopoulou">
Nikoleta Kyriakopoulou

Nikoleta Kyriakopoulou (, born March 21, 1986 in Athens) is a Greek pole vaulter. She won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Championship in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="31227959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227959" title="D101">
D101

D101 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="31227976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227976" title="Happy Now (song)">
Happy Now (song)

"Happy Now" is a song by British pop group Take That from their sixth studio album, "Progress". The song features Gary Barlow and Robbie Williams performing lead vocals. The song was released as the third single from the album, mainly to promote the group's Comic Relief sketch, "Fake That".
Background.
The song was first announced as the album's third single when it was revealed that the band would perform the song live on the Comic Relief telethon on Red Nose Day 2011 – Friday 18 March. The group performed the song at 9:15pm, following which an announcement was made that a video for the track would premiere on the same night at 10:30pm. The video premiered on digital music channels on 6 April 2011, which subsequently was the same date that the track was placed on the BBC Radio 1 B-Playlist, on 6 April 2011. In the United Kingdom, the single was only released digitally, however, a promotional physical release of the single, complete with remixes from Paul Oakenfold and Benny Benassi, was made available in Europe.
Music video.
The official music video for "Happy Now" was recorded at the BBC Television Studios during February 2011. The video premiered on the Red Nose Day 2011 telethon on Friday 18 March during the show's short stint on BBC2. The video begins with the band sitting as a Judges' panel in a small room. The band bring on participants who are hoping to be formed into the group's ultimate tribute act, Fake That. Many bands appear on stage, including a group of youths, a mixed gender group and five OAPs. The band are then introduced to a five piece made up of comedians Alan Carr, James Corden, John Bishop, David Walliams and Catherine Tate, who appear on stage in the group's outfits from their Do What U Like video in 1991. The real Take That heckle them off stage, however, they return disguised as the group from their video for The Flood, complete with the Progress rowing boat. In similar fashion, they are heckled off; however return in outfits from the group's videos for Pray, Love Ain't Here Anymore and Back For Good with each impersonator performing the dance moves of the member of Take That they are pretending to be. Gary Barlow and the rest of the band then agree that the group look good in their Back For Good outfits, and decide to make them into Fake That. The real Take That then appear on stage and perform the final piece of the track with them, before leaving what seems to be a television set. In the end, one of the comedians say "Bye, thanks for coming" to them.

</doc>
<doc id="31227981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227981" title="Janáček Theatre">
Janáček Theatre

Janáček Theatre () is a theatre situated in the city of Brno, Czech Republic. It is a part of the National Theatre in Brno. It was built from 1960 to 1965, and opened in October 1965. During its existence, the theatre has premiered around 20 operas and ballet performances.
History.
The building of Janáček Theatre, the youngest of the buildings of National Theatre in Brno, was planned from the early 20th century. From 1910 to 1957, seven architectural competitions were held to find the best design and project of the building. Around 150 architects participated in the competitions, among them several notable exponents of Czech arts and architecture: Bohuslav Fuchs, Josef Gočár, Vlastislav Hofman, Josef Chochol, Pavel Janák, Jan Kotěra and others. The proposed designs span a wide range of architectural styles documenting the history and development of the Czech architecture in the first half of the 20th century. The styles include historicism, Art Nouveau, Cubism, modernism, Functionalism, Socialist realism and classicising Neofunctionalism.

</doc>
<doc id="31227986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227986" title="Quiet Chaos (film)">
Quiet Chaos (film)

Quiet Chaos () is a 2008 Italian drama film based on the novel of the same name by Sandro Veronesi.
Plot.
Pietro Paladini and his brother Carlo, a fashion designer, rescue two women from drowning. At the same time Pietro's wife dies unexpectedly at home. After the funeral, Pietro falls into a state of "Quiet Chaos", which is marked by spending a lot of time with his daughter Claudia. The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park, which is opposite the school of his daughter. All the while, the widower stays very calm on the outside and is a focal point for his wife's sister Marta (Valeria Golino), his brother and co-workers who are affected by the merger of his group. It is the rebirth of a man who was once a tough manager.

</doc>
<doc id="31227988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227988" title="Cotton Jenny">
Cotton Jenny

"Cotton Jenny" is a single by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. The song was written by Gordon Lightfoot, who originally recorded it on his 1971 album "Summer Side of Life". Murray's version was released in January 1972 as the first single from her album "Talk It Over in the Morning". It peaked at number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart. It also reached number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31227991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227991" title="2004–05 Czech 2. Liga">
2004–05 Czech 2. Liga

The 2004–05 Czech 2. Liga was the 12th season of the 2. česká fotbalová liga, the second tier of the Czech football league. In February 2005, Bohemians lost their license to play in the league and thus their results were expunged and the second half of the season was played with only 15 teams.
Team changes.
From 2. Liga.
Promoted to Gambrinus liga
Relegated to Bohemian Football League
Relegated to Moravian–Silesian Football League
To 2. Liga.
Relegated from Gambrinus liga
Promoted from Bohemian Football League
Promoted from Moravian–Silesian Football League
References.
Official website 

</doc>
<doc id="31227994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31227994" title="Caos calmo">
Caos calmo

Caos calmo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31228005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228005" title="Tatsuya Morita">
Tatsuya Morita

Club career.
Morita grew up in the Chiba Prefecture and began his professional career with Kyoto Sanga in the J. League in 2009. He made his debut on 11 September 2010, in a 3–0 win against Vissel Kobe.
Morita joined Kataller Toyama in June 2012 in a season-long loan deal. He made his debut in the 2–0 defeat by Roasso Kumamoto at Athletic Park on 24 June 2012.
He joined Albirex Niigata in December 2013, after the club sold Masaaki Higashiguchi to Gamba Osaka.
International career.
On 7 January 2011, Morita was named in the Japan under-22 squad for Middle East tour. He made his debut for the Japan Under-22 side on 10 February 2011 against the Kuwait senior team.

</doc>
<doc id="31228041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228041" title="Belle de Jour (novel)">
Belle de Jour (novel)

Belle de Jour is a novel by French author Joseph Kessel, published in 1928 by Gallimard.
Plot.
The novel opens with an event from Séverine Sérizy's childhood, in which a mechanic touches the eight-year-old on her way from her bedroom to her mother's. The story then follows Séverine as a young, beautiful housewife. It is difficult for her to fulfill her sexual affinity for masochistic desires with her husband, Pierre Sérizy. Although they love each other, physical intimacy is a problem, which frustrates them both. Hearing Monsieur Husson mention a brothel gives Séverine the idea to seek satisfaction as a prostitute with the pseudonym "Belle de Jour" (Beauty of Day), as she works from two to five o'clock each day, returning to her unaware husband in the evening. Séverine becomes entangled with one of her punters, Marcel, a young gangster. He provides her with the thrills and excitement contained in her fantasies. The situation becomes more complicated when Séverine decides to leave the brothel, with her madam's (Madame Anaïs) agreement, after finding Marcel has become too demanding and jealous of her husband. Husson has also discovered her secret as a potential, though unwilling, client. One of the gangster's associates tracks Séverine to her home address. Marcel visits her and threatens to reveal her hidden identity, but Séverine persuades him to leave. Husson visits Severine and assures her of his discretion, but she cannot believe him. She discovers that Husson has arranged to meet Pierre in the square outside Notre Dame cathedral; she hastily visits Marcel and asks him to kill Husson, which he agrees to out of love for her. Marcel and Severine drive to the rendez-vous point in a car driven by Marcel's friend. Marcel attempts to stab Husson but the job is botched: Pierre intervenes and is stabbed instead in the head. Pierre survives but is left in a coma, from which he eventually awakes. Marcel is arrested, but will refuse to talk, thereby saving Severine's reputation. The police are unable to find a motive for the attempted murder, but after Pierre leaves hospital, paralyzed and sitting in a wheelchair, Husson visits him and possibly tells him the truth.
Film adaption.
The 1967 film adaptation starred Catherine Deneuve and was directed by Luis Buñuel.

</doc>
<doc id="31228044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228044" title="Sing Happy">
Sing Happy

"Sing Happy" is a single by Canadian country music artist Dianne Leigh. The song was released as a single in 1972. It peaked at number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart on July 1, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31228048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228048" title="Parang, Camarines Norte">
Parang, Camarines Norte

Parang is a barangay (village) in the Philippines' municipality of Jose Panganiban, located in the province of Camarines Norte, in the Bicol region. It is the largest of the 27 barangays in Jose Panganiban. According to the 2007 Philippines census, it has a population of 5,754 people in 645 households. 

</doc>
<doc id="31228061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228061" title="VR mode">
VR mode

VR mode or Video Recording mode is a feature on stand-alone consumer and computer DVD recorders that allows video recording and editing on a DVD rewritable disc. 
In VR mode, users can create and rename titles for the scenes. Also, if a scene is deleted, the space allocated by it will be utilized later without the need of reformatting a disc.
If the user would like to record on the same disc again at a later time, in VR mode, users may eject the disc and it will not be finalized by the recorder until it is manually initiated. For the sake of comparison, any DVD recorded in VR's competitor V mode (or Video mode) will be automatically finalized before it is ejected by the recorder. Disc finalization is still required if the disc formatted for VR mode will be played in another DVD player.
Currently, users can only record in VR mode with the use of DVD-RW, DVD-RAM and DVD+RW discs, (updated in 2000 to accommodate DVD-R (General)) players marked “RW compatible” and “DVD Multi” can play DVD-VR recorded discs and on some recorders, also on hard-disk drives.
Blu-ray Disc and HD DVD also support VR mode-like features.
DVD-VR & DVD+VR.
There are two quite different application formats commonly known as VR mode.
1) DVD-VR was established by the DVD Forum and can be found on DVD-RW and DVD-RAM
2) DVD+VR is the creation and responsibility of Philips Electronics and is seen on their DVD+RW recorders.
DVD-VR.
The DVD-VR recording mode offers advanced editing (including Non Linear Editing (NLE)) but is not compatible with DVD-Video. Recorders do not edit the video data stream directly. Editing is achieved by creating a 'playlist' which references segments of the recorded video data stream and compile the playlist by chapters of the video stream or can access the video stream directly by time reference. Recorders generally employ one method or the other, but seldom both. DVD-VR can also be used with DVD+RW media, but recorders seldom do so.
DVD+VR.
The DVD+VR recording mode (aka +VR functionality) is compatible with DVD-Video (normal DVD-Video players), but offers basic editing like partial overwriting, title dividing, chapter marker placement, replace the menu screens, etc. This can be accomplished easily on DVD+R media. DVD+VR can theoretically be used with DVD-RW media, but partial overwriting and replacement of menus cannot be so easily accomplished due to limitations of the media. In order to achieve this, it would be necessary for the recorder to read and store the entire contents of the disc, erase the disc and then rewrite it. For this reason alone, DVD+VR is seldom used with DVD-RW (or DVD-R) media.

</doc>
<doc id="31228062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228062" title="Jon Riggs">
Jon Riggs

Jon Riggs (born 14 November 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League. 
Drafted in 1983 from the Burnie Tigers in Tasmania, Riggs was better known as a professional sprinter. He won the Hobart Gift in 1983 and the Esanda burnie Gift ($15000) in 1989. Also played football for West Perth in the WAFL in 1989 and 1990 as well as the Devonport Blues in the TFL in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31228080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228080" title="Together Again (Hank Smith song)">
Together Again (Hank Smith song)

"Together Again" is a single by Canadian country music artist Hank Smith. The song debuted at number 49 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart on January 22, 1972. It peaked at number 1 on May 27, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31228087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228087" title="Tracee Carrasco">
Tracee Carrasco

Tracee Carrasco formerly (Tracee Tolentino) is an American TV news reporter for CBS 2 News , WCBS-TV in New York, New York.
Biography.
Tracee Carrasco is a former reporter for the ABC affiliate in Nashville, Tennessee, WKRN "News 2". Formerly the Weekend Anchor / Weekday Reporter for the Fox affiliate serving upper Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan KQDS from February 2010 - August 2011. Her weekend broadcasts for KQDS garnered the station an "Upper Midwest Emmy" nomination in 2011 for Best Weekend Newscast. Her reporting for KQDS earned two "Upper Midwest Emmy" nominations in the categories Public / Current / Community Affairs ("Honest Northland Series") and Historic / Cultural / Nostalgic (“A Tribute to Ben Larson: Missionary Killed in Haiti’s Earthquake”).
Carrasco graduated from Azusa Pacific University in Southern California with a degree in Communication Studies where she interned at KABC-TV (Channel 7) News, Los Angeles. Other internships included KCBS-TV (Channel 2) / KCAL-TV (Channel 9) News, Los Angeles. Later, she was a field reporter as well as fill-in anchor in Torrance, California "CitiCable 3", although her first on-air reports were feature segments as a Financial Reporter on the Fox Business Network. Carrasco has also appeared with CNN's "Nancy Grace" on HLN. She grew up in Honolulu, Hawaii and Southern California.
Publications.
Carrasco has had pieces published in various newspapers and magazines such as the "Duluth News Tribune", "San Gabriel Valley Tribune" and "Equities Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="31228093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228093" title="Albert S. Rodda">
Albert S. Rodda

Albert S. Rodda, Jr. (July 23, 1912 – April 3, 2010) was a California State Senator.
Born in Sacramento, California, Rodda graduated from Sacramento High School in 1929 before receiving an A.B. in 1933 and an A.M. in 1934, both in history, from Stanford University, where he was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa Society. After teaching for several years in Sacramento high schools, Rodda entered the United States Navy Reserve and was a gunnery officer in World War II. Leaving the Navy Reserve in 1946, he started teaching at Sacramento City College. In 1951, Rodda received a Ph.D. in history and economics from Stanford.
A Democrat, Rodda won a 1958 special election to the California State Senate to represent the 19th District to fill the vacancy from the death of Earl D. Desmond, defeating Desmond's son and two other Democrats. He was re-elected six times but was defeated in 1980 in an upset by a newcomer, John Doolittle.
Rodda's best-known legislative legacy is SB 160, enacted in 1975 and taking effect in 1976, which established collective bargaining for California's public school teachers.
Shortly after Rodda's departure from the Senate, the California State Treasurer Jesse M. Unruh appointed Rodda as Executive Secretary of the Commission on State Finance. In 1983, Rodda left the Commission and was elected to the Board of Trustees of the Los Rios Community College District. He left the board in 1992. In 1980, the Los Rios Community College District Board named a new administrative-classroom complex at Sacramento City College as Rodda Hall.
Rodda met Clarice Horgan, an English teacher, when they both taught at Grant Union High School. They married in 1941 and had one son and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31228095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228095" title="Sana Bucha">
Sana Bucha

Sana Bucha () (born 12 August 1970) is a Pakistani journalist and anchor.
Early life.
Sana Bucha was born in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. Her father was an airline Captain for Pakistan Airlines. Bucha has 2 sisters, Nimra Bucha and Bisma Bucha.
She studied at the Convent of Jesus and Mary and completed her A Levels at The Lyceum School in Karachi. She graduated with a BA in Political Science from King's College London.
Career.
Bucha started off as a production development associate and became the producer for the first English Language Bulletin on GEO News. Other than producing it, Bucha frequently hosted the show. After the English bulletin, Bucha hosted and produced the channel’s first ever English Show News Day. She hosted and served as the executive director for the current affairs program "Crisis Cell" before switching over to the new program "Laikin". Bucha covers topics such as Pakistani politics and foreign relations, South Asia and Middle East affairs and American involvement in the region.
In June 2012, Sana Bucha resigned from Geo News, allegedly over the hiring of Aamir Liaquat Hussain, who was also appointed as GEO's vice president; but later rejoined. In November 2012, Bucha resigned from Geo again, allegedly over Aamir Liaquat hosting a show about child activist Malala Yousufzai, and joined Dunya News.
In April 2013, she left Dunya News, tweeting, ""This elections in Pak, every1 - channel and anchor - is up for sale. I refuse to put a price tag on myself. Left Dunya of my own free will.""; although some sources alleged that she was fired.

</doc>
<doc id="31228101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228101" title="Ralph Abercromby (meteorologist)">
Ralph Abercromby (meteorologist)

Ralph Abercromby (1842–1897) was a Scottish meteorologist. He was born 11 February 1842, the youngest son of the third Lord Abercromby. His mother, Louisa Penuel Forbes, was a daughter of Lord Medwyn.
His obituary in "Nature" summarises his ancestry, "Several of his immediate relatives had been eminently distinguished. His great-grandfather, Sir Ralph Abercromby, who died in 1801, in the moment of victory, at the Battle of Alexandria, had served his country with brilliant distinction, in the West Indies (Trinidad) and at the Helder." He himself served in the British army from 1860 to 1869 and was stationed in Quebec.
Ralph Abercromby is noted for his contributions to meteorology, his travels producing reports in "Seas and skies in many latitudes" such as weather and telegraphy at the US signals office. He wrote on the nomenclature of cloud formation, and figured prominently in the history of the classification system developed by Luke Howard; along with Hugo Hildebrand Hildebrandsson (1838-1920) he developed the system laid out by Howard.
He attained the rank of Lieutenant in the 60th Rifles. Abercromby died on 21 June 1897 in Sydney, Australia. 
Works.
His essay on the climate of Australia was reissued as "Ralph Abercromby, H. A. B. 1865 Hunt, Henry Chamberlaine Russell, "Three Essays On Australian Weather", Nabu Press, ISBN 1-177-54608-6"

</doc>
<doc id="31228112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228112" title="Moon-Man Newfie">
Moon-Man Newfie

"Moon-Man Newfie" is a single by Canadian country music artist Stompin' Tom Connors. The song debuted at number 48 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart on February 26, 1972. It peaked at number 1 on May 6, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31228114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228114" title="Australian Flag Society">
Australian Flag Society

The Australian Flag Society (AFS) was founded as an advocacy group to argue the case for a referendum and constitutional elevation for the existing flag of Australia.
The website of the AFS states the following aims and objectives:
Structure.
The AFS is currently unincorporated; it was originally constituted as the Australian Capital Territory branch of the Australian National Flag Association (ANFA). However, on 15 July 2003, affiliation with ANFA was severed, and the organisation rebranded.
Under the AFS constitution (adopted 25 October 2008), the National Convenor may admit voting rights members and appoint from among their number officers of the Executive Council. In addition, members of the general public are able to subscribe to the AFS as "supporters" free of charge.
Campaigns.
Wounded Soldiers Gift Fund.
In conjunction with Australian National Flag Day 2012, the AFS began an annual flag day charity appeal, making sales of postcards, flag related merchandise and receiving donations towards a gift and bereavement fund for wounded members of the Australian Defence Force.
Civics education.
Morris secured federal funding for the distribution of the "Our National Flag ... since 1901" video kit to all primary schools in Australia in 2002.
The AFS proposed 22 August be proclaimed as "Captain Cook Day" in 2005 to commemorate the day explorer James Cook laid claim to the east coast of Australia as New South Wales on Possession Island in the name of King George III.
National language, Holiday and Flag bill.
On 30 April 2009 the AFS released their National Language, Holiday and Flag Bill, as the way forward in response to a petition of certain citizens calling for a parliamentary committee to review the Flags Act 1953 (Cth). It proposes to amend the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 (IMP) by way of modifiable provisions declaring English to be the national language, 26 January in each year to be Australia Day and the existing flag to be the Australian National Flag.
Under the proposed legislative and constitutional refinements, it is envisaged that the Flags Act would remain on the statute books, to provide the construction sheet for the Australian National Flag which would be described in terms of its essential elements in the constitution, thereby settling the question of popular sovereignty in relation to the process for reviewing the design - in whole or in part - with a weighty body of legal opinion against the constitutionality of the current statutory rules in subsections 3(2) & (3), which provide for an instant-runoff for choosing between the existing flag and one or more alternatives, on the basis of universal suffrage. As the device occupying the lower hoist is simply referred to as a "large white Commonwealth Star", the number of points on what is a well recognised heraldic symbol in its own right could be varied by ordinary legislation, according to changes in membership of the Australian Federation, and not by a plebiscite as currently required, which would remove what has been criticised as an "anomalous and costly" impediment.
Opposition to the recognition of other flags.
In the lead up to the sesquicentenary of the Eureka Stockade in 2004, the AFS opposed moves to have the Eureka Flag officially recognised under the Flags Act 1953 (Cth).
In 2008 the AFS lobbied members of the Tasmanian parliament for a public inquiry to be held in response to a motion proposed by Denison Labor MHA Lisa Singh to have the Australian Aboriginal Flag stand in Parliament House, Hobart.
Search for the "Eureka Jack".
In 2013 the AFS announced a worldwide quest and $10,000 reward for information leading to the discovery of the Union Jack which was reportedly hoisted as a second flag at the Battle of the Eureka Stockade.

</doc>
<doc id="31228116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228116" title="Hassisen Kone">
Hassisen Kone

Hassisen Kone was a Finnish rock band, founded in 1979 in Joensuu. The young musicians rose to popularity in 1980 after winning the Finnish rock championship in the new wave category. They recorded three highly successful albums before disbanding in 1982. The singer/songwriter Ismo Alanko has led several bands since then and continues to be an influential name in Finnish rock music.
History.
The idea of forming Hassisen Kone came to Ismo Alanko in 1979, when he heard the Eppu Normaali album "Maximum Jee&Jee" while working in Stockholm. Alanko returned to Finland and started the band with guitarist Reijo Heiskanen and drummer Harri Kinnunen. The band's name was based on a local home appliance store of the same name. The three men had earlier played together in a progressive rock group called Sight. Kinnunen's little brother Jussi was hired to play the bass.
In March 1980, the newly formed Hassisen Kone won the Finnish rock championship, an annual competition for young musicians held since 1970. The victory raised public interest for the band, and when their debut album "Täältä tullaan Venäjä" was released in June, it was an instant hit. The ironic lyrics of the song "Rappiolla" caused some reporters to start complaining about indecency in rock songs.
The band's follow-up album "Rumat sävelet" (1981) was considered a more serious and mature record than its predecessor. The album's harsh and sometimes personal lyrics reflected how the sudden rise to stardom had effected the then 20-year-old Alanko. The same year Hassisen Kone took part on the Tuuliajolla tour on Saimaa, with Juice Leskinen and Eppu Normaali. Material of the tour was included in the Kaurismäki brothers film "Saimaa Gesture".
For "Harsoinen teräs" (1982), Jukka Orma replaced Reijo Heiskanen on guitar and some additional members were hired to work on the more rhythmic and progressive album featuring saxophone, xylophone and keyboards. The classical and prog background of Alanko was more and more evident in the songwriting. "Harsoinen teräs" was also translated into English and released as a promo album called "High Tension Wire" in 1982.
Hassisen Kone disbanded in August 1982. Alanko and Orma went on to form Sielun Veljet shortly afterwards. Jussi Kinnunen had a six month break from music, after which he has played in several bands, including Tiina Tiikeri, Pertti Neumann's band and Ismo Alanko Säätiö. Harri Kinnunen has played, among others, for Sleepy Sleepers and Lapinlahden Linnut.
Hassisen Kone has played several nostalgic reunion concerts after they disbanded. In 2000, they reunited for a concert on midsummer at the Joensuu Laulurinne. The concert was filmed and released as a DVD titled "20 vuotta myöhemmin" ("20 years later").

</doc>
<doc id="31228123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228123" title="Smiling Wine">
Smiling Wine

"Smiling Wine" is a single by Canadian artist Shirley Eikhard. The song debuted at number 42 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart on February 26, 1972. It peaked at number 1 on April 22, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31228136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228136" title="SMU School of Law">
SMU School of Law

The Singapore Management University School of Law (SMU School of Law) is one of the six schools of Singapore Management University, and Singapore's second law school. The school is headed by Professor Yeo Tiong Min, Singapore's first Honorary Senior Counsel. The Advisory Board is chaired by Lucien Wong, Chairman and Senior Partner of Allen & Gledhill LLP. The School offers a four-year undergraduate single Bachelor of Laws (LLB) degree programme, and a five-year double degree programme combining the Law degree programme with one of SMU's existing non-law programmes: Accountancy, Business, Economics, Information Systems, or Social Sciences. The School also has a full-time two- to three-year graduate Juris Doctor (JD) programme. The school also offers a Master of Laws (LLM) with specialisations in Commercial Law, Dispute Resolution, and Islamic Law and Finance. The School started to admit students in Academic Year (AY) 2007.
The school took in 90 students in AY 2007, reaching a steady-state intake of 120 from AY 2008 onwards. Admission to the law programme is competitive. About 700 applicants out of 1,000 applicants who apply each year are shortlisted for an interview and a written test, with only about 120 admitted each year. In 2012, 115 places were taken up. It is likely that the school would revise its annual intake of undergraduates upwards to 180 undergraduates annually in the next three to five years, starting from AY 2013.
As of April 2014, in just slightly over three years since its first batch of students graduated, the school has won eight championships and nine first-runner-up titles in international moot competitions.
History and milestones.
The Law School was preceded by the Law Department, which was created in 2000, and headed by Professor Andrew Phang (now Judge of Appeal, Supreme Court of Singapore). A full-fledged law school was established in 2007 — 50 years after the establishment of the first and then-only law school in Singapore, NUS — following the encouragement of the Singapore Government, which had, during a major review, discovered a shortage of qualified legal personnel in Singapore. The school's first dean was Professor Michael Furmston, a foremost authority on contracts and commercial law in the Commonwealth. He headed the school from its inception in 2007 to 2012. Professor Yeo Tiong Min has been the dean since 2012.
2007
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
Student performance.
International competitions.
SMU law students began taking part in international competitions in 2009, two years after the law school was formed. In its first ever international moot competition, SMU reached the final and came in 1st-runner-up in the 4th edition of the LawAsia arbitration moot in Ho Chi Minh City. A year later, in its debuts in the Price and Asia Cup moots in Oxford and Tokyo respectively, SMU emerged champions for both. SMU mooters have gone on to score various honours in major international competitions, such as setting a Singapore record of garnering five Honorable Mentions at the Vis arbitration moot in Vienna in 2012, and reaching the final and coming in 1st-runner-up in their maiden attempt at the international rounds of the Jessup moot in Washington D.C. in 2013 (thus becoming the youngest and fastest ever law school to reach the final); the school would reach the final again in 2014. As of April 2014, in just slightly over three years since its first batch of students graduated, the school has won eight championships and nine first-runner-up titles.
Local competitions.
There are a number of local competitions ranging from moots to law reform that are open to law students from NUS and SMU. Some of the competitions, such as the Mallal and Advocacy Cup, pre-existed SMU and were only open to SMU from 2010 onwards. Other competitions, such as Harry Elias and Duane Morris were initiated at SMU and have been open to NUS as well.
Howard Hunter Moot.
The Howard Hunter Moot, named after Law Professor and former President of the university, is an internal moot. 
Advisory Board.
The Advisory Board features a wide range of professionals in order to provide all-encompassing and comprehensive advisory assistance to the School of Law. This includes Supreme Court judges, senior litigators, corporate lawyers, managing partners of law firms and partners of foreign law firms. The Advisory Board is currently chaired by Mr Lucien Wong.
Programmes.
Bachelor of Laws.
Entry requirements.
Applicants should have good passes in their respective GCE A-Level subjects. Specifically, the minimum requirement for a law applicant is an A or a B for H1 General Paper or Knowledge Inquiry. SMU releases Indicative Grade Profiles periodically for potential candidates. In the 2012 University Admissions Exercise, both the 10th and 90th percentile had an Indicative Grade Profile (of 3H2/1H1 content-based subjects) of AAA/A.
Potential candidates would be called down for a group interview, with a short written test thereafter.
Curriculum.
The Bachelor of Laws (LLB) programme is a four-year programme. Students are required to complete a total of 36 course units and an internship programme. These include five compulsory course units from the University Core, 19 compulsory course units from the Law Core, a selected seven course units from Law Electives and five other course units from Law-related Courses like Financial Accounting and Finance For Law.
Graduation requirements.
Aside from fulfilling the required curriculum, all SMU students are required to complete compulsory courses from the Finishing Touch programme; a series of required Career Preparation & Enrichment workshops to prepare students for internships, job applications and necessary skills for future career success. Further, students must complete a 10-week Internship Attachment and 80 hours of Community Service in order to graduate.
JD Programme.
Introduced in 2009, the SMU Doctor of Jurisprudence programme was kickstarted as an additional route for persons who already have a degree in another discipline or a law degree from another jurisprudence to become qualified persons of the Singapore legal profession.
Entry requirements.
Applicants have to complete at least three years of full-time undergraduate education. For non-law graduates or a law graduate from a civil country or a non-gazetted common law university, applicants must have at least a Cum Laude or Second Class Upper Honours degree qualifications. Further, Applicants must show proficiency in the English language. A TOEFL/IELTS/SAT 1 test is required if the applicant's undergraduate degree was not conducted in English.
Curriculum and graduation requirements.
SMU's JD curriculum is a mix of compulsory law courses and law electives. Similar to the all SMU undergraduates, 6 weeks of law internship and 50 hours of community service are required for graduation. Students are required to complete a total of 25 Credit Units of law courses, following the same academic calendar as the generic Bachelor of Laws programme. Although students are expected to complete the programme within 3 years, the programme may be accelerated for completion in 2 to 2.5 years (subject to approval).
Master of Laws (LLM).
The SMU Master of Laws provide opportunities for persons aspiring to be legal specialists in the field of Commercial Law, Dispute Resolution and Islamic Law & Finance. Applicants must have a good LLB or JD degree and at least 2 years' of professional legal working experience. Those without a basic law degree but who have substantial knowledge of and exposure to law may be considered for admission on a case-by-case basis. Proficiency in the English language must be shown.
It is a one-year programme. where participants read a total of 8 courses. This includes 2 prescribed courses, 4 specialisation courses and 2 free electives. However, completion of this programme does not entail qualification to take the Singapore Bar.
Asian Peace-Building and Rule of Law.
The Asian Peace-building and Rule of Law Programme (APRL) serves as a focal point for coordinating cutting-edge socio-legal research on the ‘rule of law' at SMU School of Law. To this end, APRL conducts seminars, carries out and supervises innovative scholarly research, and leads direct impact transitional justice initiatives in post-conflict Asian countries. APRL has had the privilege of working with leading law schools, including Yale Law School and Berkeley Law School.
Pedagogy.
SMU School of Law adopts a seminar-style teaching approach, similar to that in US law schools. This requires students to put in a substantial amount of pre-class preparatory reading and thinking, and to participate actively during class. The high level of engagement and interactive classroom pedagogy is aimed at enriching and deepening students' learning, thinking and mastery of a subject, thereby producing confident and articulate graduates.
In line with this focus on student participation, a holistic approach will be adopted for course assessment. Significant emphasis will be given to class participation and presentations, with the weightage of written examinations kept to a maximum of 50%.
The Bar, SMU Law Society.
The SMU Law Society, known as “The Bar”, is the student representative body of the SMU School of Law. The Seventh Management Committee (7th MC) of The Bar consists of eight elected student leaders. In their year-long term in office, the committee puts together a slew of fun and unique-to-law events, against the backdrop of professional and academic development initiatives.
The Management Committee
Sub Clubs.
Law Outreach Club.
The SMU Law Outreach Club was recently established by The Bar and the Exco of the old Pro Bono Club. The Law Outreach Club aims to contribute to the community in aspects beyond pro bono, and will help to facilitate activities such as the MOE Moot Parliament Programme and the NUS-SMU "In Session" Dialogue Series, among others. The Club welcomes students to come forth with any ideas and initiatives of service to the community and will strive to help make it happen.
Moot Court Club.
Established in 2007, SMU Moot Court Club was formed to facilitate the development of mooting in SMU School of Law. During the course of the semester, the club helps to organise various domestic moot competitions that are open to all law students.
International Relations Club.
The SMU Law International Relations Club strives to forge and strengthen ties between SMU law students and the international law student community. Club activities include scintillating legal discourse, moots and even Mock UN conferences, allowing both conservative and progressive opinions to develop at an international level as we weave legal theories in a forum of ideas to create a tapestry of intellectual thought.
SMU Law Athletes Club (SMULA).
SMU Law Athletes (SMULA) was officially made a sub-club of the Bar in 2012. Some of the highlights for SMULA this year include: the Captain's Ball League; exploratory runs around the city; conducting multiple sports clinics; and tasting gold in the inter-faculty category of SMUX AdRace 2012, a gruelling 40 km overnight adventure race.
Criminal Law Club.
The Club was founded in early 2012 by a group of students passionate about giving SMU students opportunities to learn more about the criminal law practice. As many students do not have much exposure to this area of law apart from class, few have a proper idea of what criminal law in practice is like.
Signature events.
Night Bike.
Law Night Bike is an annual event where law students ride on their bikes and cruise down the nighttime roads of Singapore. This event is popular amongst all law batches and has facilitated both intra and inter-batch bonding.
Law Musical.
SMU School of Law's Law Musicals are written, composed and directed by students and alumni of SMU School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="31228141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228141" title="Alex Davidson (rugby league)">
Alex Davidson (rugby league)

Alexander Davidson is an English professional rugby league player, who is currently contracted with Salford Red Devils of Super League. As an amateur, he played second row, but has played mainly at prop in the professional game. Davidson signed for Salford's Academy from amateur club Blackbrook Royals, after previously playing for Wigan St Patrick's and Westhoughton Lions. He has international accolades at under 16 level, after playing in a test series against France Schoolboys in 2009. He made his first team début for Salford in a Round 6 win over Hull Kingston Rovers in 2011's Super League XVI, on 18 March 2011, coming on for Ryan Boyle at prop in the first half.
After a 2012 season which started with great promise, Alex played exclusively in the SL under 20s competition in which Salford City Reds topped the table at the end of the regular season. The demands of the, then, Head Coach and the interpretation of the contract rules led to that strong team succumbing to two successive losses and not gaining entry to the Grand Final. Nevertheless, a great year for Alex and his team-mates.
Alex spent the early weeks of 2013 at Leigh Centurions an arrangement which didn't really suit either party. On returning to Salford, he had, once again, to prove his worth and eventually did so with the success of the under 20s who eventually beat Featherstone Rovers 32-20 to become Grand Final winners.
During the latter stages of the 2013 season, circumstances forced some younger players forward and among them, Alex appeared as substitute in the Super League matches against Huddersfield (away) and Leeds (home).
Following a loan deal, Alex made his debut for Oldham Roughyeds on 2 February 2014 in a warm up match against Barrow, scoring the first try.

</doc>
<doc id="31228144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228144" title="Mile After Mile">
Mile After Mile

"Mile After Mile" is a song written and composed in 1969 by Canadian singer-songwriter Gerry Joly. It was a 1971-72 hit single for Canadian country singer Orval Prophet. "Mile After Mile" debuted at number 49 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart on September 25, 1971. It peaked at number 1 on January 8, 1972. Bobby Hachey covered "Mile After Mile" a few years later.
As a Franco-Ontarian, Joly wrote and sang in both English and French. His French version of "Mile After Mile" ("Mille après mille") was made famous by Willie Lamothe and was subsequently recorded by a number of French Canadian artists, including Patrick Norman, Renée Martel, Paul Brunelle, Stephen Faulkner, Laurence Jalbert, Les Respectables and Fred Pellerin.
Joly wrote "Mile After Mile" when arriving in Elliot Lake after a series of mechanical problems with his car.

</doc>
<doc id="31228155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228155" title="2011 Grand Prix Hassan II">
2011 Grand Prix Hassan II

The 2011 Grand Prix Hassan II was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 27th edition of the Grand Prix Hassan II, and an ATP Tour World 250 event on the 2011 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Complexe Al Amal in Casablanca, Morocco, from April 4 through April 10, 2011.
Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry via qualifying:

</doc>
<doc id="31228166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228166" title="Occupations in electrical/electronics engineering">
Occupations in electrical/electronics engineering

The field of electrical and electronics engineering has grown to include many related disciplines and occupations.
The Dictionary of Occupational Titles lists a number of occupations in electrical/electronics engineering. It describes them as concerned with applications of the laws of electrical energy and the principles of engineering for the generation, transmission and use of electricity, as well as the design and development of machinery and equipment for the production and utilization of electrical power:
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) has developed specialized groups ("societies") which professionals can join according to their specialization:

</doc>
<doc id="31228181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228181" title="2011 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships">
2011 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships

The 2011 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 43rd edition of the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships, and was an ATP World Tour 250 event. It took place at River Oaks Country Club in Houston, Texas, United States, from April 4 through April 10, 2011.
Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry via qualifying:

</doc>
<doc id="31228191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228191" title="Joseph Gouge Greenwood">
Joseph Gouge Greenwood

Joseph Gouge Greenwood (1821–1894) was an English classical scholar, second principal of Owens College, Manchester, and vice-chancellor of the Victoria University, Manchester.
Early life.
He was the son of the Rev. Joseph Greenwood, a congregationalist minister at Petersfield, Hampshire, and his wife Maria, whose maiden name was Gouge. At the age of fourteen he was sent to University College School, of which Thomas Hewitt Key and Henry Malden had recently been appointed joint head-masters. He then went to University College as a student, and in 1840 he graduated B.A. in the University of London, with honours in both classics and mathematics, gaining the university scholarship classics. 
In 1839 his father had died, leaving Greenwood responsible for a family of six younger children. For several years he supported himself and others by private tuition, and after a time as an assistant master in his old school; and he acted as substitute for Henry Malden in the Greek chair at University College. One of his earliest pupils was Edward Aldam Leatham, who dedicated to him his "Charmione" (1859). 
College principal.
In 1850, Greenwood accepted the offer of the chair of classics and history in the newly founded Owens College at Manchester. The College's early days were difficult, and in July 1857 Greenwood was appointed to the principalship on the resignation of Alexander John Scott. Greenwood continued to lecture, but soon after his appointment as professor the subject of history had been assigned to Richard Copley Christie; Latin and classical Greek were later transferred to separate professors; and during the last few years Greenwood retained only the teaching of Greek Testament criticism. 
In the earlier years of the College Greenwood advocated changes in the system of teaching, in order to recommend it to businessmen. In 1853 he helped in opening classes for the schoolmasters of primary schools; and having in 1858 become honorary secretary of a working-men's college on the same lines as that of the London college, opened a few years earlier under the influence of Frederick Denison Maurice, he was instrumental in bringing about its amalgamation, in 1861, with Owens College. 
Within the next few years the scientific teaching of Sir Henry Roscoe and his colleagues improved the College's reputation; for his part Greenwood had an ally in Alfred Neild, who during most of his principalship presided over the governing body. In 1867–71 a new chapter in the history of the College began with the movement for its extension, in which, with Thomas Ashton and others, Greenwood took a prominent part, leading to rebuilding on a new site and expansion. On the opening of the new college buildings in 1873 the principal delivered an address ‘On some Relations of Culture to Practical Life’. In 1872 the Manchester Medical School was incorporated with Owens College, after negotiations in which Greenwood displayed tact; and two years later the new medical buildings of the college were opened.
Victoria University.
Important events in the history of the college during the later years of Greenwood's official life were the admission of women students into the college and the foundation of the Victoria University. Greenwood opposed the higher education of women on the same lines as that of men, and objected (at all events as a rule) to joint or mixed classes; but the new Victoria University had opened its degrees to all comers without distinction of gender. Victoria University had a charter from 1880 with Owens College, however, remaining for four years its only college of the university. 
Greenwood became the first vice-chancellor, holding the office till 1886 for three successive periods of two years. His caution at times conflicted with the policy upheld by the majority of his colleagues; and when the Victoria University became federal in fact by the admission of Liverpool University College and Yorkshire College, Leeds, he guarded the interests of Owens College. 
Towards the close of 1889, in poor health, he resigned the principalship which he had held for thirty-seven years. Shortly afterwards he settled at Eastbourne, where he occupied himself with literary pursuits, including a revision of the text of William Wordsworth. He died at Eastbourne on 25 September 1894. 
In 1873 the university of Cambridge conferred on Greenwood the honorary degree of LL.D., and in 1884 the university of Edinburgh, on the occasion of its tercentenary, bestowed upon him a similar honour. 
Works.
His translation of the ‘Pneumatics of Hero of Alexandria,’ edited by Bennet Woodcroft, appeared in 1851. The plan of his ‘Elements of Greek Grammar’ (1857) was an attempt to supplement Hewitt Key's application of the ‘crude-form system’ to Latin grammar by completing Malden's fragmentary Greek grammar designed on the same principles. 
Family.
He was twice married: first, to Eliza, the daughter of John Taylor, a Unitarian minister in Manchester, by whom he left two daughters, the elder being the historian Alice Drayton Greenwood; and secondly to Katharine, daughter of William Langton the Manchester banker.

</doc>
<doc id="31228196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228196" title="Reedy, Western Australia">
Reedy, Western Australia

Reedy is an abandoned town in the Murchison region of Western Australia. The town is located between Cue and Meekatharra in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
Gold was discovered in the area by H Reed in 1899-1900 and a nearby well, Reedy's Well, was named after him. The well appeared on maps of the area in 1908 as a known water source.
Further gold discoveries were made in the 1930s and sveral mines were developed. By 1933 the Cue-Day Dawn road board petitioned for a townsite to be surveyed and declared. 
Suggestions for the name of the town included Triton, Mathers and Reedy.
The town was gazetted in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="31228207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228207" title="Yusuke Higa">
Yusuke Higa

Playing career.
F.C. Tokyo has already been percussing acquisition, and Júbilo Iwata and Kashiwa Reysol also aim at acquisition.

</doc>
<doc id="31228216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228216" title="Gardelegi dump">
Gardelegi dump

The Gardelegi dump is the municipal dump of Vitoria-Gasteiz in the Spanish province of Álava. It is located south of the capital. It is as large as 52 football pitches and it stores the non-degradable materials of the area. It is named for the nearby village of Gardelegi.
History.
The Gardelegi dump opened in 1973. Initially, it was used by construction companies. In 1986, Gardelegi dump was declared the municipal dump of Vitoria-Gasteiz. The Onandia Company fenced the area and constructed a building to control the scraps.
The dump was improved over the years, but the most important work was done in 2003: the dump was expanded and a recycling plant was incorporated. The equipment for the plant, the biggest in Spain, cost more than seven million euros; it recycles rubbish before taking the remainder to the Gardelegi dump.
In 2011 Gasteiz mayor Patxi Lazcoz expanded Gardlegi dump again: the buildings were improved and the dump adopted new methods for security and protection of the environment. The upgrade cost more than five million euros.
Activity of the dump.
The Gardelegi dump and la Avenida de los Huetos are the biggest dumps of Álava. In 2010, the dumps received more than of waste during the year, more than in 2009. The dumps collect all types of materials, from rubble and metals to brown and white goods, but the most common material is wood: in both dumps, half of their space is full of wood.
Social situation.
Since the Gardelegi dump was built, opponents have criticized it for causing health problems, excessive cost and ecological damage. Some residents from Vitoria-Gasteiz have asked for the closure of the place.

</doc>
<doc id="31228233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228233" title="Trent Cummings">
Trent Cummings

Trent Cummings (born 28 December 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Cummings, the third member of his family to play for Fitzroy, was seen mostly on a wing or at half forward. His great-grandfather, Joe Johnson, was a Fitzroy footballer and credited with being the first Indigenous Australian to play in the Victorian Football League. An elder brother, Robert Cummings, also played for Fitzroy and their father, Percy, was a Hawthorn player.
The sixth selection of the 1993 AFL Draft, Cummings spent three seasons with Fitzroy and despite making 27 appearances he only played in three wins. At the end of 1996, the Brisbane Lions were formed and Cummings didn't make their squad, instead secured by the West Coast Eagles with pick 57 in the national draft, despite having recently undergone a knee reconstruction.
He played just two games at his new club in 1997 and instead spent most of the year in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL) with Peel Thunder. A knee injury, sustained in a practice match during the 1998 pre-season, ended his league career.
In 2003 he sued both the Eagles and Subiaco Oval authorities for loss of earning, and received a six figure settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="31228241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228241" title="2H">
2H

2H or 2-H may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31228260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228260" title="Patrick O'Brien (political scientist)">
Patrick O'Brien (political scientist)

Patrick John (Paddy) O’Brien (12 January 1937, Wodonga, Victoria - 1998, Perth, Western Australia), was an Australian political scientist and author, teaching in the political science department of the University of Western Australia (UWA) from 1969 until his death.
He was a vocal critic of WA Inc corruption and the Australian Labor Party in Western Australia (WA) in the 1980s, was embroiled in a university controversy, and was elected to the 1998 Australian Commonwealth Government's People's Constitutional Convention shortly before he died, in the same year 
Biography.
O'Brien's parents were John Cornelius O'Brien and Monica Augusta Coore. He was educated at St Mary's Primary School, Ringwood, St John's Marist Brothers School, Hawthorn and St Kevin's Christian Brothers College, Toorak. He graduated from the University of Melbourne in 1967 (BA with combined honours in history and political science).
In 1961, he married Valerie Joy Prowse, with whom he had one son and two daughters. Prior to embarking on his academic career at the University of Western Australia (UWA) in 1969, he had worked as a press and radio journalist for four years and gained eight years' experience of teaching in primary, secondary and senior technical education. At UWA, he became an associate professor in political science 'with a particular focus on twentieth century totalitarianism and was best known publicly for his involvement in two high-profile campaigns, as a leading critic of the Western Australian Burke Labor government ... and as a vocal direct-election republican'. After his death, UWA established a Patrick O'Brien Foundation 'in honour of his outstanding contribution to issues of public policy and political debate in Australia' with funds donated by colleagues, friends and admirers.

</doc>
<doc id="31228263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228263" title="3H (disambiguation)">
3H (disambiguation)

3H is a symbol for tritium.
3H or 3-H may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31228269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228269" title="Joe Mellor">
Joe Mellor

Joseph Patrick Mellor (born 21 November 1990) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for Widnes. He was released by Wigan at the end of the 2012 Super League season, which he spent on loan at Widnes. He signed as a professional for Wigan from Warrington-based amateur side Latchford Albion. 
He is by preference a and made his first grade début in rugby league whilst on loan at Harlequins in 2011's Super League XVI, coming off the bench in a 27-16 win over St Helens in round five of the 2011 competition. In 2009, Mellor was awarded Man-of-the-Match in the Reserve Grand Final following a fantastic performance. An injury-plagued 2010 meant limited appearances, however, he did play in the Under-20 Valvoline Cup Final win over St Helens.
On his return to Wigan, Joe Mellor was dual-registered with Widnes along with Dominic Crosby and Logan Tomkins. Mellor has featured at stand-off for the Chemics scoring tries in the home fixtures against Barrow and Toulouse Olympique and a brace away at Barrow.
Wigan players Liam Farrell, Stefan Marsh and Ben Davies were dual-registered with Widnes in 2010.
Widnes.
Mellor spent the 2012 season on loan at Super League club Widnes. Mellor signed a 2-year contract with Widnes after being released by Wigan at the end of his contract in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31228281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228281" title="Palmadusta androyensis">
Palmadusta androyensis

Palmadusta androyensis is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.
There are three subspecies : 
Description.
The adult shell size varies between 14 mm and 19.4 mm.
Distribution.
This species is distributed in the Indian Ocean along East Africa and Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="31228286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228286" title="Rodolphe Bresdin">
Rodolphe Bresdin

Rodolphe Bresdin was a French draughtsman and engraver, born in Le Fresne-sur-Loire on 12 August 1822, who died in Sèvres on 11 January 1885.
His fantastic works, full of strange details, particularly attracted Charles Baudelaire, Théophile Gautier, Joris-Karl Huysmans, Robert de Montesquiou and André Breton. Odilon Redon was his pupil. Bresdin influenced contemporary artists like Jacques Moreau, George Rubel, Jean-Pierre Velly, and Philippe Mohlitz.

</doc>
<doc id="31228305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228305" title="Bids for the 1972 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1972 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1972 Winter Olympics consisted of three bids, and saw Sapporo, Japan, be selected ahead of Banff, Canada; Lahti, Finland; and Salt Lake City, United States. The selection was made at the 64th IOC Session in Rome on 25 April 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="31228336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228336" title="Éloi Pélissier">
Éloi Pélissier

Éloi Pélissier (born 18 June 1991 in Perpignan, France) is a French professional rugby league player, currently playing for the Catalans Dragons of Super League. He is by preference a hooker.
Playing career.
Pelissier has a trial with Wigan Warriors in 2008 in their Under 18s squad. He made 2 appearances against Huddersfield Giants and Hull Kingston Rovers playing centre but failed to earn a contract.
In 2009 and 2010 Pelissier played for St Estève in the Elite One Championship. He has repressed France at Under 20's level and was included in the French train-on squad for 2010 Alitalia European Cup. 
He joined the Catalans Dragons in 2011. Pelissier made his Super League début for the Dragons in a 22-16 defeat to St Helens in 2011, coming off the bench to play at hooker. He then played the week after, in a 31-18 win over Hull Kingston Rovers.
Pelissier went on to establish himself as a regular in the Dragons side, and made his full international debut for France in 2011.
He played for France in the 2013 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31228349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228349" title="Bids for the 1976 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1976 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1976 Winter Olympics consisted of four bids, and saw Denver, United States, selected ahead of Sion, Switzerland; Tampere, Finland; and Vancouver, Canada. The selection was made at the 70th IOC Session in Amsterdam on 12 May 1970. In a 1972 referendum, voters in Colorado rejected funding for the games, and for the only time a city awarded the Games rejected them. IOC then offered them to Whistler, but a change of government meant they were also no longer interested. Salt Lake City offered to host the games, but the IOC, still stinging from Denver's refusal, was reluctant to award it to another American city. The IOC finally chose Innsbruck, Austria, which ultimately hosted the games.

</doc>
<doc id="31228362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228362" title="5H">
5H

5H or 5-H can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31228370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228370" title="Citrus Park, Arizona">
Citrus Park, Arizona

Citrus Park is a census-designated place (CDP) in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. The population was 4,028 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 4,028 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 695.1 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.31% White, 1.71% Black or African American, 0.77% Native American, 1.46% Asian, 0.10% Pacific Islander, 6.85% from other races, and 1.79% from two or more races. 17.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31228384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228384" title="Leiden Guild of St. Luke">
Leiden Guild of St. Luke

The Leiden Guild of Saint Luke refers to three artist collectives in Leiden; the "Leidsche St. Lucas Gilde" dating from 1648, the newer "Leidse Tekenacademie" established in 1694, and the collective known as "Ars Aemula Naturae" (art competes with nature) established in 1799.
History.
Like other Dutch cities, Leiden required membership in the guilds in order to sell wares falling under those guilds. In the Middle Ages, Lucas van Leyden had kept a workshop that was more or less seen as a guild. Leiden in the Middle Ages was a small city in the Northern Netherlands, smaller than Gouda or Haarlem. Leiden seems to have not had a specific guild for painters prior to March 10, 1648, when Gerard Dou and Abraham Lambertsz van den Tempel signed a charter and founded the "Leidse Sint Lucasgilde" with his colleagues Gabriel Metsu, Jan Steen, Joris van Schooten, David Bailly and Pieter de Ring. This collective was for trades connected to the art industry. After the change of governance that the siege of Leiden caused, Joris van Schooten issued his first proposal to the city council for a St. Luke Guild in 1609 and again in 1610. His petitions were refused for being "too Catholic". Previously, the Leiden artists had been unified in the workshop of the Leiden councilman Isaac Nicolai. Later collectives were founded as a Leiden-based art academy along the lines of the Confrerie Pictura in The Hague. 
In 1694, Willem van Mieris, Carel de Moor and Jacob Toorenvliet began a true drawing academy with evening classes for artists where they could draw from live models.
Ars Aemula Naturae.
Guilds were disbanded during the French occupation, so the collective became a society and in 1799 the name changed to "Ars Aemula Naturae", which still exists today. The society meets in an old building on Pieterskerkgracht 9 since 1859. The building is a rijksmonument and contains some rare paintings on the ceiling by one of the earliest guild members, Martin Zaagmolen.

</doc>
<doc id="31228398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228398" title="Hibbertia prostrata">
Hibbertia prostrata

Hibbertia prostrata, commonly known as Bundled Guinea-flower, is a small shrub that is endemic to south-eastern Australia. 
It grows to 50 cm tall and has narrow leaves that are about 20 mm long and about 1 mm wide. Yellow flowers appear from September to December in the species native range. The species occurs in heath in South Australia, Victoria and Tasmania.
The species is listed as "Hibbertia fasciculata" var. "prostrata" in the "Census of the Vascular Plants of Victoria".

</doc>
<doc id="31228401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228401" title="7H">
7H

7H or 7-H can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31228405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228405" title="Shops Bill 1986">
Shops Bill 1986

The Shops Bill 1986 was a parliamentary bill in the United Kingdom that would have ended government regulation of Sunday shopping in England and Wales. Introduced by the government of Margaret Thatcher, it was defeated in the House of Commons at its second reading: the last time that a government bill had fallen at that stage.
The Shops Act 1950 regulated Sunday shopping hours, making it illegal for shops to sell most products on Sunday. The Auld Committee, chaired by Robin Auld, found that the regime established by the 1950 act was unworkable, with arbitrary exemptions and widespread breaches by large retailers. The consequent Auld Report recommended that the Shops Act 1950 be repealed, which the government accepted and adopted into its legislative programme.
Thatcher had anticipated that Labour would oppose the bill, spurred by trade unions fears that shop-workers would be forced to work on Sundays. However, she did not anticipate the backlash from the Christian right. 72 Conservative backbenchers defied a three line whip, voting against the bill at second reading – just after midnight on the morning of 15 April 1986 – and it was defeated by 14 votes. This represented Thatcher's only defeat in the House of Commons.
Sunday trading was ultimately relaxed by the Sunday Trading Act 1994: the 27th attempt to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="31228410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228410" title="Houses at 216-264 Ovington Ave.">
Houses at 216-264 Ovington Ave.

Houses at 216-264 Ovington Ave. is a national historic district in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It consists of 20 contributing residential buildings built between 1908 and 1910. They are brownstone rowhouses with bowed fronts in the Neo-Renaissance style. The houses are two or three stories in height.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31228413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228413" title="Romans in the Netherlands">
Romans in the Netherlands

For around 450 years, from around 55 BC to around 410 AD, the southern part of the Netherlands was integrated into the Roman Empire. During this time the Romans in the Netherlands had an enormous influence on the lives and culture of the people who lived in the Netherlands at the time and (indirectly) on the generations that followed.
Early History.
During the Gallic Wars, the area south and west of the Rhine was conquered by Roman forces under Julius Caesar in a series of campaigns from 57 BC to 53 BC. The approximately 450 years of Roman rule that followed would profoundly change the Netherlands.
Starting about 15 BC, the Rhine in the Netherlands came to be defended by the Lower Limes Germanicus. After a series of military actions, the Rhine became fixed around 12 AD as Rome's northern frontier on the European mainland. A number of towns and developments would arise along this line. 
The area to the south would be integrated into the Roman Empire. At first part of Gallia Belgica, this area became part of the province of Germania Inferior. The tribes already within, or relocated to, this area became part of the Roman Empire. 
The area to the north of the Rhine, inhabited by the Frisii and the Chauci, remained outside Roman rule but not its presence and control. The Frisii were initially "won over" by Drusus, suggesting a Roman suzerainty was imposed by Augustus on the coastal areas north of the Rhine river. Over the course of time the Frisii would provide Roman auxiliaries through treaty obligations, but the tribe would also fight the Romans in concert with other Germanic tribes (finally, in 296 the Frisii were relocated in Flanders and disappeared from recorded history).
Native tribes.
During the Gallic Wars, the Belgic area south of the Oude Rijn and west of the Rhine was conquered by Roman forces under Julius Caesar in a series of campaigns from 57 BC to 53 BC. He established the principle that this river, which runs through the Netherlands, defined a natural boundary between Gaul and Germania magna. But the Rhine was not a strong border, and he made it clear that there was a part of Belgic Gaul where many of the local tribes where "Germani cisrhenani", or in other cases, of mixed origin. The approximately 450 years of Roman rule that followed would profoundly change the are that would become the Netherlands. Very often this involved large-scale conflict with the "free Germans" over the Rhine.
When Caesar arrived, various tribes were located in the area of the Netherlands, residing in the inhabitable higher parts, especially in the east and south. These tribes did not leave behind written records, so all the information known about them during this pre-Roman period is based on what the Romans and Greeks wrote about them. Julius Caesar himself, in his commentary "Commentarii de Bello Gallico" wrote in detail only about the southern area which he conquered. Two tribes who he described as living in what is now the Netherlands were: 
In the delta itself, Caesar makes a passing comment about the "Insula Batavorum" ("Island of the Batavi") in the Rhine river, without discussing who lived there. Later, in imperial times, a tribe called the Batavi became very important in this region. The island's easternmost point is at a split in the Rhine, one arm being the Waal the other the Lower Rhine/Old Rhine (hence the Latin name Much later Tacitus wrote that they had originally been a tribe of the Chatti, a tribe in Germany never mentioned by Caesar. However, archaeologists find evidence of continuity, and suggest that the Chattic group may have been a small group, moving into a pre-existing (and possibly non-Germanic) people, who could even have been part of a known group such as the Eburones.
Other tribes who eventually inhabited the "Gaulish" islands in the delta during Roman times are mentioned by Pliny the Elder:
As mentioned above, the northern Netherlands, above the Old Rhine, was dominated by the Frisii, with perhaps a small penetration of Chauci. While this area was not officially part of the empire for any long periods, military conscription and other impositions were made for long periods upon the Frisii. Several smaller tribes are known from the eastern Netherlands, north of the Rhine:
In the south of the Netherlands the Texuandri inhabited most of North Brabant. The modern province of Limburg, with the Maas running through it, appears to have been inhabited by (from north to south) the Baetasii, the Catualini, the Sunuci and the Tungri.
Batavian revolt.
About 38 BC, a pro-Roman faction of the Chatti (a Germanic tribe located east of the Rhine) was settled by Agrippa in an area south of the Rhine, now thought to be the Betuwe area. They took on the name of the people already living there—the Batavians.
The relationship with the original inhabitants was on the whole quite good; many Batavians even served in the Roman cavalry. Batavian culture was influenced by the Roman one, resulting among other things in Roman-style temples such as the one in Elst, dedicated to local gods. Also the trade flourished: the salt used in the Roman empire was won from the North Sea and remains are found across the whole Roman empire. 
However, this did not prevent the Batavian rebellion of 69, a very successful revolt under the leadership of Batavian Gaius Julius Civilis. Forty "castella" were burnt down because the Romans violated the rights of the Batavian leaders by taking young Batavians as their slaves.
Other Roman soldiers (like those in Xanten and the auxiliary troops of Batavians and Caninefatae from the legions of Vitellius) joined the revolt, which split the northern part of the Roman army. April 70, Vespasianus sent a few legions to stop the revolt. Their commander, Petilius Cerialis, eventually defeated the Batavians and started negotiations with Julius Civilis on his home ground, somewhere between the Waal and the Maas near Noviomagus (Nijmegen) or—as the Batavians probably called it—Batavodurum.
Roman settlements in the Netherlands.
During their stay in Germania Inferior, the Romans established a number of towns and smaller settlements in the Netherlands and reinforced the Limes Germanicus with military forts. More notable towns include "Ulpia Noviomagus Batavorum" (modern Nijmegen) and "Forum Hadriani" (Voorburg). 
Towns in the Netherlands (triangles on the map).
A) Forum Hadriani, a.k.a. Aellium Cananefatum (modern Voorburg) 
B) Ulpia Noviomagus Batavorum, a.k.a. Colonia Ulpia Noviomagus, (modern Nijmegen) 
C) Batavorum (in modern Nijmegen) 
D) Colonia Ulpia Trajana (in modern Xanten, Germany) 
E) Coriovallum (in modern Heerlen)
Settlements or posts (circles on the map).
F) Nigrum Pullum (modern Zwammerdam) 
G) settlement of an unknown name on the Leidsche Rijn 
H) Haltna (modern Houten) 
I) settlement of an unknown name (modern Ermelo) 
J) settlement of an unknown name (modern Tiel) 
K) Roman temples (modern Elst, Overbetuwe) 
L) Temple possibly devoted to Hercules Magusannus (modern Kessel, North Brabant) 
M) Temple (at an area called ‘’De lithse Ham’’ near Maren-Kessel, now part of Oss) 
N) Ceuclum (modern Cuijk) 
O) unknown (modern Esch) 
P) Trajectum ad Mosam, also known as Mosae Trajectum, (modern Maastricht)
Not marked on the map: a possible fort in modern Venlo
Franks.
In the 3rd century the Franks, a warrior Germanic tribe, started to appear in the Netherlands. Their attacks happened in a time period with a catastrophic sea invasion of the area.
Frankish identity emerged at the first half of the 3rd century out of various earlier, smaller Germanic groups, including the Salii, Sicambri, Chamavi, Bructeri, Chatti, Chattuarii, Ampsivarii, Tencteri, Ubii, Batavi and the Tungri, who inhabited the lower and middle Rhine valley between the Zuyderzee and the river Lahn and extended eastwards as far as the Weser, but were the most densely settled around the IJssel and between the Lippe and the Sieg. The Frankish confederation probably began to coalesce in the 210s.
Franks appear in Roman texts as both allies and enemies ("laeti" or "dediticii"). Around 310, the Franks had the region of the Scheldt river (present day west Flanders and southwest Netherlands) under control, and were raiding the Channel, disrupting transportation to Britain. Roman forces pacified the region, but did not expel the Franks, who continued to be feared as pirates along the shores at least until the time of Julian the Apostate (358), when Salian Franks were granted to settle as "foederati" in Toxandria, according to Ammianus Marcellinus.
At the beginning of the 5th century, the Franks became the most important ethnic group in the region, just before the end of the Western Roman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="31228426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228426" title="Gila Crossing, Arizona">
Gila Crossing, Arizona

Gila Crossing (O'odham: Kuiwa) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, located in the Gila River Indian Community. The population was 621 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 621 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 714.5 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 3.38% White, 0.81% Black or African American, 84.06% Native American, 1.13% from other races, and 10.63% from two or more races. 14.65% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31228430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228430" title="Speer (mountain)">
Speer (mountain)

The Speer (1,951 m) is a mountain in the Appenzell Alps, overlooking the region between Lake Zurich and Lake Walenstadt in the canton of St. Gallen.
Being easily accessible, the summit is popular for its panoramic view of the Alps from central to eastern Switzerland. The ascent, however, involves a few hours of hiking. 

</doc>
<doc id="31228434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228434" title="8H">
8H

8H or 8-H can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31228436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228436" title="Brasiliguana">
Brasiliguana

Brasiliguana is a genus of iguanian lizard which lived during the late Cretaceous period (Turonian to Santonian stage) in what is now Brazil. It is known from the holotype MN 7230-V, an isolated left maxilla with partially preserved teeth, which was found in the Upper Cretaceous Adamantina Formation, part of the Bauru Group of São Paulo State, southeast Brazil. "Brasiliguana" was named by William R. Nava and Agustín G. Martinelli in 2011 and the type species is "Brasiliguana prudentis". The generic name refers to its provenance from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil and "iguana", from the South American and Caribbean aboriginal language meaning "lizard". The specific name, "prudentis", refers to Presidente Prudente Municipality, where the holotype was found.
"Brasiliguana prudentis" constitutes the second lizard species from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil based on cranial material, the third lizard record from the Bauru Group and the sixth from the Cretaceous of Brazil as a whole. 

</doc>
<doc id="31228444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228444" title="Tenindewa, Western Australia">
Tenindewa, Western Australia

Tenindewa in a small town located between Geraldton and Mullewa along the Geraldton – Mount Magnet Road in the Mid West region of Western Australia. At the 2006 census, Tenindewa had a population of 143.
The railway from Geraldton and Mullewa was constructed in 1894 and passed through the area. By 1908 a station was opened in the location of the town and had the name 55 mile siding. Later in 1908 the name of the station was changed to the Aboriginal name of a nearby gully, Kockatea. The name was changed again almost a year later to Tenindewa.The name is also Aboriginal in origin and its meaning is unknown. The townsite was gazetted in 1913.
In 1932 the Wheat Pool of Western Australia announced that the town would have two grain elevators, each fitted with an engine, installed at the railway siding.
Tenindewa also had a CBH Recieval Point from 1936 up until 1974. The "beam" from the old Weighbridge is located outside the historic store as a reminder of that time.
Tenindewa contained the last manual telephone exchange in Western Australia, it was closed on 13 April 1985.
On the 21st of December 2013 the Tenindewa Community celebrated 100 years since its first Christmas Tree. 
Kathleen Palmer emigrated to Australia from England in 1914 aged 14 years. Kathleen became Mrs. Alec Rumble in 1922 and in doing so became the first couple to marry in the Mullewa Anglican Church. Kathleen wrote a short story in 1994 about her pioneering period in the Tenindewa area. The book and the following paragraph became the reference for the 100 year celebration. "The first Public Christmas Tree was held at the little settlement in 1914. A few public spirited people organized it in the Railway Goods Shed"

</doc>
<doc id="31228456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228456" title="Ashraf Ghori">
Ashraf Ghori

Mohammed Ashraf Ghori (born 17 September 1973), better known as Ashraf Ghori, is a comic book artist, filmmaker and entrepreneur from India. He is best known for creating UAE's first CGI Science Fiction film "Levity Xero Error Minus 1 (Xero Error)" which also won recognition at the 63rd Cannes Film Festival. He is the CEO and founder of digital design agency Xpanse CGI. Ghori has produced work for major comic book publishers including Dark Horse Comics and IDW Publishing.
Early life & Professional Career.
Ghori moved from Hyderabad, India to Dubai, UAE at the age of 2. His first professional work appeared in the pages of magazines published by "Khaleej Times". He was a regular illustrator for "Young Times" from 1989 until 2001.
San Jacinto College in Pasadena Texas had organised an exclusive Comic Art Exhibit for Ghori's work in 1993. In 1994, Ghori was a founding member of Tempest Comics in Houston, Texas, and produced a 4-issue mini series 'Tempest Comics Presents'. He was a featured comic artist at Dallas Comic Con, 1994 (Dallas, Texas).
Ghori was on the judges panel for the Kuwait Arab Advertising Awards for the years 2006 and 2007.
In 2007, he founded Xpanse CGI and started independent film-making with Xero Error in 2008. Xero Error premiered at the 3rd Gulf Film Festival and also played at the 10th edition of Sci-Fi-London. In 2010, Ghori was the Art Director / Production Designer for the first Indo-Emirati film 'Malal'.
In April 2012, Ghori was featured along with Alvin Lee (comics), Lee Townsend & Yishan Li at the first MEFCC - Middle East Film and Comic Con in Dubai, UAE, and was a featured guest at the Middle East's inaugural IGN Convention In July 2013. Since November 2012 Ghori self-publishes his FOBcity webcomics under Xpanse CGI.
Ghori is a frequent speaker at events related to design, film and entrepreneurship in the UAE. He is ranked as a top Twitter influencer from the UAE. In April 2014 Ghori was the social media ambassador for Ford Middle East's 'Stand Out' campaign for the MENA region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31228458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228458" title="Elizabeth Keates">
Elizabeth Keates

Elizabeth Keates is a British actress, born on 12 June in Otley, West Yorkshire, England. She was educated at Benton Park School and after A-Levels Elizabeth left Leeds to study at The Academy of Live and Recorded Arts (ALRA) drama school in London. Since then her theatre credits have included performances at the Old Vic and the Stephen Joseph. Elizabeth achieved critical acclaim for her role as Ophelia at the Dukes Theatre Lancaster.
After graduating from ALRA, Keates set up LK Productions Theatre Company, which produced 5 annual touring productions, employing over 30 actors.
Alongside her role as Artistic Director of LK Productions, Keates continued working as an actress; for the BBC on "Slave Island", (the story of the African Burial Ground) "Chariot Queen", in which she played the title role, "Blood of the Vikings" and Meet the Ancestors - Bones in a Barnyard. It was on the filming of this BBC programme that Keates met her husband, Broadway actor Mark Rawlings, the couple now have a daughter, Willow Darcie, born February 2010.
Film work includes "Boudica" (Indigo Films L.A) and the award winning film "The Tomb Robbery Papyrus: notes of a past", which opened in London on 17 April 2011. Keates's name can be found in the records held at the British Film Catalogue for her work with White Lyon Films.
In 2012 Keates starred in the York Theatre Royal production of The Railway Children (The Mike Kenny (writer) adaptation) playing opposite Marshall Lancaster in the role of Mrs Perks. This was performed live at Waterloo International railway station, and the production won an Olivier Award for 'Best Entertainment' in 2011. Keates had previously worked with director Damian Cruden at York Theatre Royal in "Pygmalion".
In July 2011 Keates reprised her role as Mrs Perks in "The Railway Children". 

</doc>
<doc id="31228464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228464" title="MiracleNet">
MiracleNet

MiracleNet is a Christian television network run by Dr. Michael Hughes and Mrs. Sarah Hughes. It is distributed to India and much of Asia via cable and satellite simultaneously in Hindi, Urdu, Telugu, an Malayalam.
MiracleNet TV Network covering all of Asia by Satellite to Cable TV and by individual satellite dishes,
Audience.
MiracleNet with Cable TV homes, has a potential audience of 113,770,000 Viewers in Asia,
Social Work.
MiracleNet has been doing substantial Social work and acts of Mercy, which include Education, Health.

</doc>
<doc id="31228465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228465" title="9H">
9H

9H or 9-H can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31228466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228466" title="Vane, Avatime">
Vane, Avatime

Avatime Vane is the capital of the Avatime Traditional Area. It is located on the Eastern section of the Akuapem-Togo ranges, an ancient volcanic mountain formation that rises from the lower Volta basin and runs in a North-Easterly direction into Togo Republic. Vane is located on the main Ho-Fume road and is the first settlement located on highlands North East of Dzolokpuita (about 5km South) Vane is where the Osie or overlord of Avatime resides.
Altitude: Avatime Vane Lies 1,049ft ( 319meters) on the contour above sea level. The town rests on a major and other minor hills, all which sit in a major valley shielded to the East by the great Gayi Escarpment-an ancient granite rock formation with very steep slopes and heights reaching up to 1,200ft above sea level.
Rainfall:Avatime Vane's rainfall pattern largely falls within that of the forest belt of Ghana's. The rainy season starts in May/June and ends in Oct/November whilst the Dry Season begins in November and ends in April.
Educational infrastructure in Avatime Vane is good. The town boasts of Primary, Junior, and Senior High Schools. The antecedents to the present day school system in Avatime Vane dates back to the advent of the German Missionaries in the late 19th and early 20th Centuries who established Mission schools to prepare the people in line with the overall objectives of colonial education. Today, the overall school system in Avatime Vane boasts of over 1,000 pupils from class 1 to SHS 3.
Like her other sister settlements with which she forms the Avatime Traditional area Avatime (Amedzofe, Avatime Biakpa, Avatime Dzogbefeme, Avatime Gbadzeme, Avatime Fume, and Avatime Dzokpe) Avatime Vane enjoys a serene and invigorating microclimate. The weather here, typically like the entire Avatime Traditional Area is exceptionally good, with mild breezes and beautiful cloud covers interspersed with sunny skies all day long. The rains normally start from the Eastern section of town (Nyanui) and are carried Westward by the winds.
In the mid 1980s, the Rako Tree planting project was commenced giving rise to the planting of many tree seedlings. Today, Avatime Vane can best be described as a "Garden Town" due to the green belt of trees which dot its natural topography. It therefore goes without being said that air quality in this town is of exceptional good quality.
The chiefs and people of Vane together with their kinsmen from the Avatime Traditional Area celebrate the AMU or Rice Festival through the week leading to, and on the first weekend in the month of November every year.
This festival is celebrated in lieu of the agricultural activities forming the major economic activity of the people and rice cultivated as a staple. The cultivation of rice in a mountainous environment with a near temperate climate is a misery to many. Many people do not know that, the rice cultivated in Avatime Vane and its environs is a genetically different from the most prevalent rice varieties cultivated in Ghana. It is the peculiarity of this rice to Avatime that, gave rise to the Amu (Rice) Festival.
Avatime Vane, being a town nestled between a series of mountainous peaks which culminated into the second highest peak in Ghana, is strategically positioned to be developed into a tourist hot bed. The development of a cable car network to link the various peaks will open up the magic of lush vegetative expanses never to be accessed from the ground to millions of tourists. This expanses are also interspersed with settlements and roads built along the contours of the mountain range forming a beauty of natural and human interdependence. A varied species of birds and butterflies not seen anywhere in the tropics can be viewed and photographed from the air. 
Hiking.
Hiking is another tourist activity that is unique to Avatime Vane. Although the terrain will not allow for biking, the traditional hunting and farming trails lead to magnificent caves and rock formation sites, creeks and waterfalls. This trails enables all to study the vegetative strata from the ground although in most instances, you can only see up to the canopy formed by the first layer of trees although the forests are three layered. Bird watching is also possible from the ground although better from the air.

</doc>
<doc id="31228469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228469" title="Georges Henri Issa">
Georges Henri Issa

Georges Henri Issa is a Lebanese architect whose firm, Production Factory, is active in the Middle East region.
Born in Zahlé in 1969, Georges Issa studied architecture in Academie Libanaise des Beaux Arts (ALBA).
After being the initiator of the Beirut Hall Complex in 1996, Georges Issa has actively constructed and launched the BIEL, Beirut International Exhibition & Leisure Center, and was the main Production Manager of the Official Opening Ceremony of the 9th Francophone Presidents Summit held in these premises in 2001, gathering 54 Presidents.
He designed, executed and managed hundreds of exhibitions and public events, from private dinners to mega festivals and from trade fairs to stands and brand launches all over the Middle East, Africa, Asia and Europe. In 2003, he created his own brand and achieved top notch events all over the Arabic world as well as places like Johannesburg, Japan, China and India.
In 2009, he founded Grandstands owning and renting grandstand seating, stages and trussing systems for use during concerts, festivals, indoor and outdoor audience & public events.
Since then he has actively participated in prominent projects & festivals mainly in Lebanon and the Arab world. Naming a few: Beiteddine Festival, Byblos International Festival, Jordan Festival, UAE National Day festival & Qatar National Day festival.
In Lebanon and in the MENA region, his projects include exhibition stands, studios, stages, conferences, weddings, corporate events, concerts and festivals. Georges is a member of the Beiteddine Festival executive committee which organizes the summer festival at Beiteddine Palace in Lebanon, established in 1984 with local artistic shows, regional and international performances. In addition to that, he is the main technical supplier of Byblos International Festival.
On International scale, Georges supplied KOHAR Symphony Orchestra and Choir 2011 for their concert with "Stars of Armenia" at Liberty Square near the Opera House in the heart of Yerevan in a grandiose magnificent production. His technical management extended to KOHAR Symphony Orchestra and Choir 2012 in the “All Time Armenian Favorites” tour in South America performing 9 concerts in 4 major cities Montevideo, Buenos Aires, Córdoba and São Paulo.

</doc>
<doc id="31228497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228497" title="Violet Wood">
Violet Wood

Violet Jane Wood (née Hodges; 2 September 1899 – 29 February 2012) was a British supercentenarian who was the oldest person in the United Kingdom for almost a year before her death at the age of 112 years, 180 days.
Biography.
Violet Jane Hodges was born in Faversham, Kent, England. She was married to Harry Wood for 62 years until his death at the age of 92.
She drove a car until she was 80 years old, and worked on a farm all of her life. She credited her longevity to eating toast and pickles.
Her sisters Bertha and Marjorie lived to the ages of 106 and 99 respectively. She was succeeded in this title by Grace Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="31228498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228498" title="Tokyo ESP">
Tokyo ESP

Plot.
"Tokyo ESP" begins with Rinka Urushiba as a fairly normal high school girl, though she is a bit poor and her only family is her father. This forces her to work as a waitress after high school to raise money for them to secure rent and food. One day, she sees a penguin and some glowing fish swimming through the sky. Rinka might have thought it was a hallucination if there had not been another witness with her, a boy from her school with a strangely scratched-up face. Contact with a fish causes her to pass out, and when she awakens, she has developed the power to move through inanimate objects such as the floor of her apartment. She meets a fellow high school student named Kyotaro Azuma, who has the ability to teleport. The two of them use their ESP powers to take on individuals who have decided to use them for evil. However, there is an organization that plans for a bigger scheme to secure utopia with their ranks consisting of strong ESP fighters and users.
Production.
Plans for "Tokyo ESP" started when Segawa was still doing his "Ga-Rei" manga, discussing ideas with his then editor and supervisor when the latter suggested that his next work should be based on superpowers. Segawa suggested that his protagonist should be based from someone in the Matrix series with the comical ability to use his fart as a weapon with the addition of drama before the supervisor told him to take out the farting ability. Segawa decided to go with the female lead like he did with the Ga-Rei manga series. During brainstorming, Segawa pitched an idea to his staff that the female could have fearsome superpowers due to the concern that the female lead will not be prominently known if a male character helps her out, which was met with some opposition from his supervisor again.
0
Media.
Manga.
"Tokyo ESP" is written and illustrated by Hajime Segawa. It began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's "Shōnen Ace" magazine with the April 2010 issue. The first "tankōbon" volumes was released on July 26, 2010, and eight volumes have been released as of May 25, 2013.
Merchandise.
Some of the merchandise being released by Kadokawa Shoten include phone cards, tumbles and drawings autographed by Segawa.

</doc>
<doc id="31228520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228520" title="6D">
6D

6D, 6d, or 6-D may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31228529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228529" title="Bhagya Reddy Varma">
Bhagya Reddy Varma

Bhagya Reddy Varma or Madari Bagaiah (May 22, 1888 - ?) was an Indian leader of the Adi Hindu Movement. He was known as the "Father of Dalit Movement in Andhra Pradesh".
Early life.
Bhagya Reddy Varma was born in a dalit, Caste|Mala caste family in the princely Hyderabad State to Madari Venkaiah.
Life.
Bhagya Reddy Varma founded around 26 schools in around Hyderabad region for dalits. He established Dalit panchayat courts to settle disputes among dalits. He chaired All India conference of Schedules castes held at Lucknow on 27, 28 December 1930, to support send delegation to Round Table conference. Babasaheb Ambedkar was present in this meeting.
Jagan Mitra Mandali.
In 1906, he started Jagan Mita Mandali to educate dalits through popular folklore.
Devadasi movement.
Bhagyareddy had launched a movement against devadasi pratha, forcing the Nizam to declare it a crime.
During the Telangana Movement in 2009, the students of Telangana region renamed the G. M. C. Balayogi Athletic Stadium as Bhagya Reddy Varma Stadium.
Honour.
Arya Samaj in 1913 organised a function to honour him with the title "Varma".

</doc>
<doc id="31228548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228548" title="Digital Education Revolution">
Digital Education Revolution

The Digital Education Revolution (DER) is an Australian Government funded educational reform program that was promised by Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd during the launch of his 2007 Australian federal election campaign in Brisbane. It was officially launched in late 2008, with the first deployments announced by then Deputy Prime Minister of Australia and Minister for Education, Employment and Workplace Relations, Julia Gillard and then New South Wales counterpart, Verity Firth. The first deployment took place at Fairvale High School in August that year.
Aim.
Through the program, the government will allocate A$2.4 billion over seven years to:
Deployment.
In September 2008, amidst uncertainty over extra costs involved with the computers, the Government of New South Wales rejected an offer for extra funding from the Commonwealth Government. The State Government requested additional funds to cover servicing, technical support, upgraded power supplies, software licensing, security and teacher training associated with installing the computers. After failing to secure assistance, the State Government then requested an extension to the 9 October deadline, for applications in the second round of funding. After being denied an extension, the State Government said it had been forced to refuse the offer until the extent of its financial crisis was clarified in the 2008 mini-budget.
The Director-General for Education, Michael Coutts-Trotter, told The Sydney Morning Herald: "We can't commit at this stage until we can be sure the full cost of implementing the computers can be met. But we are enthusiastic about the program and as soon as the funding is sorted out, we will apply in the third round." The Minister for Education and Training Verity Firth said she expected the State Government to resolve the funding issue ahead of the second round of funding. "NSW can't commit to any infrastructure ahead of the mini-budget," said Firth, "It would be unfair to schools and students to seek new computers only to find that there was insufficient funding for their operating costs from the federal Government" .
In November 2008, after negotiations with the Commonwealth Government at the Council of Australian Governments (COAG), then Premier of New South Wales Nathan Rees and the Government of New South Wales secured A$807 million to provide every year 9-12 public high school student with a laptop. The laptops, loaded with A$5,500 worth of programs from the latest Microsoft Office Suite and Adobe Suite, are provided by computer company, Lenovo under a four-year contract secured by the state government.
On 26 August 2009 the Deputy Prime Minister of Australia and Minister for Education, Employment and Workplace Relations, Julia Gillard and New South Wales Minister for Education and Training, Verity Firth announced the delivery of the first laptops to secondary schools in New South Wales. Gillard and Firth visited a Year 9 class at Fairvale High School in Sydney’s west to witness the integration of laptops into the lesson.
In February 2010, the Queensland Department of Education, Training and Employment chief information officer David O'Hagan said that there was a possibility the iPad could complement laptops used in public high schools in Queensland, "When it iPad becomes available in Australia, the Department of Education and Training will conduct an evaluation to determine its suitability for teaching and learning as well as network compatibility, schools eligible for computers under the federal government's National Secondary School Computer Fund also use this central purchasing arrangement to buy desktop and laptop computers." he said. Apple is a member of the panel of computer suppliers for Queensland state (public) schools (primary and secondary).
The Laptop.
In New South Wales, students are being issued with Lenovo laptops no bigger than a sheet of A4 paper. In 2009 the model issued was the IdeaPad S10e, in 2010, the ThinkPad s100e Mini 10in 2011, the ThinkPad Edge 11, in 2012 the ThinkPad X130e which has been uniquely designed and in 2013, the ThinkPad X131e. The laptops also come with pre-installed software, such as Adobe CS5, Adobe LiveCycle ES2, Microsoft Office 2010, and Microsoft Forefront. In June 2010 a recall of laptop cases was issued after it was found that there was a flaw in the design of the case when several students reported that their screens had cracks. The New South Wales Department of Education and Training's Chief Information Officer Stephen Wilson said that the filtering system on the laptops is impervious and no student will be able to break through the system. "Our internet filtering is unbreakable. We have a huge proxy array that does all the filtering. We've just brought that in-house and the reason we have done that is we want much tighter control over it, every internet site that's known is actually categorised. If it isn't known, it's blocked. If you go to a site and it's not categorised you can't get to it," said Wilson.
Criticism.
In 2008, letters were leaked that revealed that the Minister of Education, Employment and Workplace Relations Julia Gillard was told that the policy was not thought through and severely underfunded. There were concerns that the lack of funds would be compensated for by financially crippled families or some computers left in boxes, unopened. The states were noncompliant upon learning that each would have to contribute up to A$3 billion altogether, a contribution that was not mentioned by Rudd or Gillard in the election campaign.
In 2010, the Rudd Government was again criticised for being too slow to deliver after it was confirmed that "none of the A$100 million budgeted to bring high-speed broadband to schools had been spent". Rudd blamed the delay in delivering broadband to schools on the global financial crisis, "In dealing with the challenges of the global recession, obviously some changes had to be made because of the impact on government finances," he told Channel 10, "I accept that and take full responsibility for it."
In August that same year, only 220,000 of the 1 million promised laptops had been delivered. Further setbacks were due in part because of the government's focus on the A$43 billion National Broadband Network.

</doc>
<doc id="31228566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228566" title="Kaka, Arizona">
Kaka, Arizona

Kaka (O'odham: Gagka) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, located in the Tohono O'odham Nation. The population was 141 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 141 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 545.0 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.29% Native American and 0.71% from some other race. 6.38% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31228603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228603" title="Royal families of the United Arab Emirates">
Royal families of the United Arab Emirates


</doc>
<doc id="31228612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228612" title="The Christmas Village in Philadelphia">
The Christmas Village in Philadelphia

The Christmas Village in Philadelphia is an annual outdoor holiday market event held at LOVE Park located on Broad and Market Streets. It is one of Philadelphia's main holiday attractions besides The Nutcracker Ballet, the light shows at Wanamaker's and the Comcast Center.
Vendors in wooden booths and a vendor tent sell international seasonal holiday gifts, ornaments and arts and crafts, along with European food, sweets and hot beverages.
About.
The Christmas Village in Philadelphia is modeled on the style of traditional German Christmas Markets. Christmas Market events such as the famous Christkindlesmarkt in Nuremberg, which dates back to the 16th century, are part of a long tradition of farmers' markets in Germany's inner cities.
Several wooden booths and tents sell food specialties such as German bratwursts with sauerkraut, soups and pretzels. A wide assortment of traditional sweet Christmas-food items like lebkuchen (gingerbread cookies), stollen, spekulatius, frosted nuts, cotton candy, chocolate covered fruit, waffles and crepes are offered. In addition to hot drinks such as hot chocolate, coffee and tea, Christmas Village offers Gluhwine (mulled wine). 
Besides local vendors and artists there are German vendors selling genuine Erzgebirge Christmas decorations, pewter ornaments, candles, nativity sets, glass ornaments, toys, woollens, wooden ornaments, lace, spices and jewelry. The booths' assortment is related to the winter season and the upcoming holidays.
Highlights of the event include live demonstrations of glass blowing, glass ornaments painting and wood carving, a Christmas tree vendor, and arts and crafts products. For children there is a Santa's house and more special themed events including a lantern parade; for adults there are daily live performances from local artists such as string and brass bands, soloists and school choirs at a central stage, and an opening ceremony with the original Christkind from Christkindlesmarkt Nuremberg, the City of Philadelphia's Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony and a German American weekend. 
Name controversy.
In 2010 Christmas Village in Philadelphia was subject to a major controversy about its name. After City Officials proposed to change its name and its portal signs to “Holiday Village”, the controversy became a national news topic. Jay Leno scoffed: “The annual ‘Christmas Village’ in Philadelphia has been renamed the ‘Holiday Village.’ In fact, they’re not Santa’s reindeer anymore . . . They’re now ‘nondenominational venison.’” After three days of controversy Philadelphia’s Mayor Michael A. Nutter intervened and the name and signs were restored.

</doc>
<doc id="31228620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228620" title="French domains of St Helena">
French domains of St Helena

The French domains of Saint-Helena are a French territory of 14 hectares (that is 0.14 km²) on the island of Saint Helena. Three French properties are under the administration of the French Foreign Ministry which undertakes their management and maintenance. These consist of :
These places are connected with the exile of Napoleon I in Saint Helena. They house a museum and displays on the life of the Emperor. Buildings have been restored as closely as possible to the state that they had in the Napoleonic period. They welcome from six to eight thousand visitors annually.
The museum is financed by the Napoleon foundation and the buildings are maintained by the French Foreign Ministry.
Since 2004, the French possessions in Saint Helena have been administratively under the consulate of France in Cape Town. They are administered locally by a curator who is also honorary consul of France.
The detention of Napoleon I.
Following his defeat at Waterloo, Napoleon was exiled and deported by the British to the island of Saint Helena, where he landed in 1815. Napoleon's arrival occasioned an increase of the population of the island: near soldiers and 500 sailors of the war flotilla, as well as the officials of the British government, accompanied by their families, not forgetting the small French colony which lived in the circle of acquaintances of Napoleon Ier. Furthermore, the British, being afraid of a landing of French sailors to free the prisoner as at Elba, claimed Ascension Island - up to then uninhabited - to establish a naval garrison there.
Napoleon died on 5 May 1821. The next day, the governor of the island, Sir Hudson Lowe, although in perpetual conflict with his former prisoner, personally came to make sure of his death and declared then to his circle of acquaintances: "He was England’s greatest enemy, and mine too, but I forgive him everything. On the death of a great man like him, we should feel only deep concern and regret."
According to his last wishes, Napoleon was interred on 9 May near a spring, in the valley of the Geranium, called since "valley of the Grave ". In 27 May, all the French colony left the island. Nineteen years after Napoleon's death, King Louis-Philippe was able to obtain from the United Kingdom the return of remains of the ex-emperor. The exhumation of Napoleon's body took place on 15 October 1840, then he was repatriated tn France and interred in the Invalides, in Paris.
From 1854, the Emperor Napoleon III negotiated with the British government the purchase of Longwood House and of the valley of the Grave, which became French properties in 1858, under the name of "French Domains of Saint-Helena" and managed since by the French Foreign Ministry. The small pavilion Briars, the emperor's first house on the island, was added to the domain in 1959, when its last owner donated it to France.

</doc>
<doc id="31228623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228623" title="Senator Street Historic District">
Senator Street Historic District

Senator Street Historic District is a national historic district in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It consists of 40 contributing residential buildings (including two garages) built between 1906 and 1912. They are all three story brownstone rowhouses in the Neo-Renaissance style. The houses feature high stoops and full sized subterranean basements.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31228642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228642" title="Pauline Korikwiang">
Pauline Korikwiang

Pauline Chemning Korikwiang (born 1 March 1988) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in track and cross country running competitions.
She rose in the youth ranks in 2005, taking a 3000 metres silver medal at the IAAF World Youth Championships in Athletics and took the world junior cross country title at the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. After winning youth medals on the track at World and African junior level, she has represented Kenya at the senior level in both cross country and the 10,000 metres at the African Championships in Athletics. She won two bronze medals at the 2011 All-Africa Games.
Career.
Korikwiang was born in Kaptabuk and drew inspiration to become a runner from another local resident Tegla Loroupe, who broke world records in the half marathon. She began competed at the national junior level in 2003 and gained selection for the African Junior Athletics Championships that year, where she came fifth in the 5000 metres. A runner-up performance behind Veronica Nyaruai at the national junior cross country championships two years later led to her first world appearance, where she was seventh in the junior race at the 2005 IAAF World Cross Country Championships.
At the 2005 World Youth Championships in Athletics she was again outdone by Nyaruai, but defeated the rest of the field to win the silver medal over 3000 metres. The 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships saw Korikwiang defeat her rival to claim her first world junior title. There was a reversal of the positions at that year's 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics, where Korikwiang was the 5000 metres silver medallist behind her rival. She was named as the most promising sportswoman at the end-of-year SOYA Awards.
The following year she won the Kenyan junior cross title and assumed the lead in the global event at the 2007 IAAF World Cross Country Championships in Mombasa. However, an error with the final lap bell meant Korikwiang mistakenly treated the second to last lap as the ultimate one. Her premature efforts destroyed her chance at the title as she let others pass in the belief the race had ended and, after realising her mistake, she eventually dropped out having fainted mid-race in Mombasa's torrid conditions. In her final international junior competition she won the 5000 m bronze medal at the 2007 African Junior Athletics Championships.
In her first year as a senior, she won at the top-class Cinque Mulini cross country meeting in Italy. A fifth place finish at the Kenyan trials earned her a spot for the senior world team, but she was dismissed from the team after coaches stated that she had not maintained her fitness in the buildup to the event. She failed to make the track team for the 2008 Summer Olympics later that summer. In 2009, a strong run of form on the Athletics Kenya Cross Country Series led to her being given a wild card entry into the senior race for the 2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. She came eleventh in the race, but was only the sixth best Kenyan at the event.
Korikwiang missed out on both the 2009 World Championships in Athletics and the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and decided to switch to a new event, the 10,000 metres, instead. The move paid off as she took second place to Meselech Melkamu in her debut at the Golden Spike Ostrava, setting a personal best of 31:06.29 minutes. A runner-up performance behind reigning world champion Linet Masai at the Kenyan championships led to an appearance at the 2010 African Championships in Athletics (where she was sixth in the event). She was selected for the national team at the International Chiba Ekiden in November, but despite gaining the lead on the anchor leg, she relinquished her position and Japan's collegiate team beat the Kenyans to the title.
Her focus returned to cross country in 2011, as she won at the Cross Zornotza, came third at the Cross Internacional de Itálica, and then gained selection at the national championships. She came seventh at the 2011 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and was part of the winning Kenyan women's team. She travelled to the United States the following month and was edged into second at the Carlsbad 5000 by Aheza Kiros. She competed on the 2011 IAAF Diamond League circuit and set a 5000 m best of 14:41.28 minutes in Shanghai. Having finished fourth at the national trials, she did not gain selection for the World Championships that year, but instead competed at the 2011 All-Africa Games in Maputo, where she won bronze medals over both 5000 m and 10,000 m.
She was third at the Elgoibar Cross Country, Trofeo Alasport and Carlsbad 5000 races at the start of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31228650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228650" title="MiRTarBase">
MiRTarBase

miRTarBase is a curated database of MicroRNA-Target Interactions. As a database, miRTarBase has accumulated more than fifty thousand miRNA-target interactions (MTIs), which are collected by manually surveying pertinent literature after data mining of the text systematically to filter research articles related to functional studies of miRNAs. Generally, the collected MTIs are validated experimentally by reporter assay, western blot, microarray and next-generation sequencing experiments. While containing the largest amount of validated MTIs, the miRTarBase provides the most updated collection by comparing with other similar, previously developed databases.
External links.
miRTarBase database

</doc>
<doc id="31228659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228659" title="Kafr Dunin">
Kafr Dunin

Kfar Dunin is a village in Lebanon, 102 km from the capital Beirut and 580 m from sea coast remote. Adjacent villages: Deir Kifa, Alkaline, Khirbat Silm, Der Ntar. It is considered first of villages in Bent Jbeil district of Nabatieh Governorate. Its population is 6000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31228661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228661" title="B-value">
B-value

B-value may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="31228666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228666" title="Electoral history of John Dingell">
Electoral history of John Dingell

This is the Electoral history of John Dingell, a Democratic Representative from Detroit, representing the 15th and 16th districts. Dingell was first elected in a 1955 special election to replace his late father, and was re-elected in every subsequent election. He is also the longest currently serving member of Congress, the longest to serve exclusively in the House ever, and the longest-serving member of Congress ever.
! Year
! Democrat
! Votes
!
! Republican
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Year
! Democrat
! Votes
!
! Republican
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
! Year
! Democrat
! Votes
!
! Republican
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
! Year
! Democrat
! Votes
!
! Republican
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!

</doc>
<doc id="31228671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228671" title="I pazzi per progetto">
I pazzi per progetto

I Pazzi per progetto ("Madmen by Design") is a farce in one act by Gaetano Donizetti to a libretto by Domenico Gilardoni. The first performance took place at the Teatro di San Carlo on 6 February 1830 and was followed by its second presentation on 7 February at the Teatro del Fondo.
At the 1830 performance in Naples, some great singers of the time such as Boccabadati and Luigi Lablache performed it in a charity event, but despite the exceptional cast, the audience was really very meager. The work, carried by two women surrounded by five heavy voices, was divided into seven numbers linked by dry ("secco") or accompanied recitatives. It revealed the purest farcical style of the composer, containing the characters and forms typical of that style.
It was performed a few more times in Naples and Palermo up until 1845, and then forgotten until 1977.
Performance history.
In 1977 a new revision, edited by Maestro Bruno Rigacci of Florence and using the original score which had been preserved at the Conservatorio S. Pietro a Majella in Naples, was presented as part of the Opera Barga Festival. It was a resounding success with the public and the critics.
Synopsis.
The hospital's director, Darlemont, has a niece, Norina, married to Blinval, a colonel of dragoons. The remoteness of the man from his beloved wife due to military reasons and mutual jealousy are the causes of series of actions when the two meet again. Since the meeting takes place in the hospital which is managed by Norina's uncle, the two alternately pose themselves as crazy to find out the true feelings of each other, causing frantic carousel of deceptions and misunderstandings.
Added to all this is a very babbler and an all-too-sincere servant, (Frank), a deserter trumpeter who pretends to be a doctor (Eustace), a beautiful young girl (Christina), former lover of the colonel, who tries to escape from her old guardian (Venanzio). He in turn tries to make her go mad so that he can take her dowry.
These very well-matched ingredients result in a farce with all its rules. At the well-designed end, peace and moral obligation are restored.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31228673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228673" title="Pepesuchus">
Pepesuchus

Pepesuchus is an extinct genus of carnivorous metasuchian from the late Cretaceous period. It is a peirosaurid which lived during the Campanian and Maastrichtian stages of the Late Cretaceous in what is now state of São Paulo, Brazil.
Etymology.
"Pepesuchus" was named by Diogenes A. Campos, Gustavo R. Oliveira, Rodrigo G. Figueiredo, Douglas Riff, Sergio A.K. Azevedo, Luciana B. Carvalho and Alexander W.A. Kellner in 2011 and the type species is "Pepesuchus deiseae". The generic name honours Professor José Martin Suárez (known by his colleagues as "Pepe"), and "suchus", from Greek meaning crocodile. The specific name honours the paleontologist Deise Dias Rêgo Henriques.
Description.
"Pepesuchus" is known from the holotype MN 7005-V, which consists of nearly complete skeleton and skull, and from the paratype MCT 1788-R, a nearly complete skull and lower jaw likely from the same locality of the holotype. The specimens were recovered from the Presidente Prudente Formation of Bauru Group, between the cities of Pirapozinho and Presidente Prudente. 
The skull of "Pepesuchus" is roughly triangular when viewed from above and is covered in small pits. The jaws are lined with many small pointed teeth. Like other sebecians, "Pepesuchus" has ziphodont teeth that are laterally compressed and serrated. 17 teeth are present in each maxilla, the most of any sebecian after "Stolokrosuchus". There are also numerous dentary teeth in the lower jaw, with the foremost ones directed in a slight forward position. The snout of "Pepesuchus" is somewhat wider than those of other peirosaurids and has a slight upward curve.
Classification.
"Pepesuchus" is united with the peirosaurids "Peirosaurus", "Lomasuchus", and "Uberabasuchus" on the basis of several shared characteristics. Among these features are five premaxillary teeth with the first two positioned close together and the oval-shaped cross-section of the jugal bone that makes up the lower temporal bar underneath the eye sockets. "Pepesuchus" also has a ridge on the maxillary shelf of the palate, a feature it shares with all members of the larger clade Sebecia (which includes peirosaurids and the related family Sebecidae).

</doc>
<doc id="31228675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228675" title="2011 in Kenya">
2011 in Kenya

A list of happenings in 2011 in Kenya:

</doc>
<doc id="31228687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228687" title="Chappaqua Mountain Institute">
Chappaqua Mountain Institute

History.
When the school was established in 1870, all post-eighth grade education in the area was provided by private academies, a practice which continued until the early 20th century. Although founded and run by a Hicksite Quaker Meeting which had moved to Chappaqua from Purchase, New York in the 1830s, the school was non-sectarian. Initially, it provided a four-year co-educational program which prepared students for college. Later, an elementary school was added and manual and commercial subjects were also taught as well as music and art. While most of its students were boarders, a fair number of children from the town attended as day students. 
The Institute's first building, a large three storey structure with a basement and mansard roof, stood on of wooded grounds on the lower slope of Chappaqua Mountain facing Quaker Street. It was built mostly of wood, and in the early hours of February 21, 1885 a defective chimney caused a fire which completely destroyed the building. All 50 of the students and staff sleeping there that night got out of the building unharmed, including young Alfred Farragut, the nephew of Admiral David Farragut, who had a narrow escape. Finding themselves outside in the freezing snow, barefoot and dressed only in their pyjamas, Alfred and two of his friends had gone back to their room to retrieve their clothes, but became trapped there when the staircase caught fire. Eventually the boys used a clothes line to lower themselves from a third storey window.
A new brick, stone and concrete building with an extra storey and two added wings was erected on the site in 1886 and served as the school's home until its closure. Public lectures were also held there, and in the summer of 1894 the school and its grounds served as the home for a conference of the seven North American Quaker Yearly Meetings with many of the 1200 delegates accommodated in tents on the lawns. In 1906, Mary Nichols Cox became the school's first female principal. She had a PhD. in botany from Cornell University and was married to the architect and Quaker historian, John Cox Jr. When the school closed in 1908, she became the owner and principal of Grayrock Country Home School in Chappaqua, a co-educational boarding and day school for young children. 
A year after its closure, the Chappaqua Mountain Institute reopened in Valhalla, New York and by 1916 had become a girls-only boarding school. The building and grounds of the former school in Chappaqua were bought by the Children's Aid Society in 1909 with a large donation from Elizabeth Milbank Anderson and became a convalescent home for children from New York City. The Elizabeth Milbank Anderson Home closed in 1967, although the Children's Aid Society continued to use the grounds as a summer camp. The building remained unoccupied for several years and was eventually demolished following a severe fire.

</doc>
<doc id="31228698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228698" title="Second Battle of Benghazi">
Second Battle of Benghazi

The Second Battle of Benghazi was a battle in the Libyan civil war between army units and militiamen loyal to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, and anti-Gaddafi forces. The battle marked the start of a United Nations-mandated military intervention in the conflict, with fighter jets from the French Air Force attacking and destroying several pro-Gaddafi units, forcing them to retreat.
On 18 March, Gaddafi's forces bypassed Ajdabiya by using the coastal roads instead of the roads directly linked with Ajdabiya, avoiding the need to capture Ajdabiya to proceed. By night the loyalist troops had positioned themselves within kilometres of Benghazi's two southern entry points, the western southern gate being called the "west gate".
Battle.
Initial assault on the city.
At 7:30 am local time on 19 March, Gaddafi's forces began artillery shelling the city. At around 9:00 am local time they entered the city from west and south with tanks. Rebel armoured units engaged the initial loyalist armoured column at around 10:00 AM Twelve T-72 tanks spearheaded the main thrust into the city, and by 10:30 AM, it seemed the Benghazi was in danger of falling to Pro Gaddafi forces. A rebel tank, aging and rusted, opened fire on the lead pro Gaddafi tank, damaging it and forced its occupants to abandon the vehicle. The tanks behind the lead vehicle all began a withdrawal from the area, under rebel fire, and retreated apparently to the city limits.
By 2:30 pm local time the opposition fighters had repelled the first wave of loyalist forces out of the city. During the daytime battles, a rebel MiG-23 crashed to the ground in the outskirts of Benghazi. The pilot, Colonel Mohammed Mbarak al-Okaili, remained in the plane until moments before the crash before ejecting but was reported not to have survived the crash. The cause of the crash was unclear, but may have been a catastrophic engine failure or friendly fire from rebel air-defences that had mistaken it for a loyalist plane. This prompted rebels to use loudspeakers, mainly from mosques, urging not to "attack the planes – these are ours".
France intervenes, loyalists retreat.
At around 4:00 pm local time, French fighter jets entered Libyan airspace and flew over Benghazi, conducting aerial reconnaissance missions and preparing to intervene. Then, at 4:45 pm, coalition intervention began as a French fighter jet fired on and destroyed several loyalist armored vehicles. Later, Al Jazeera reported that French fighter jets had destroyed at least four of the regime's force's tanks; however, this was not confirmed by France.
According to Al Jazeera, some citizens of Benghazi were leaving the city and moving eastwards to other anti-Gaddafi held towns. New reports from Al Jazeera/Pentagon relations told that American and British warships had launched cruise missiles at Libyan airfields, in a multi-phase operation called Odyssey Dawn. After that, the US planned to focus on the skirmishes on the ground.
On the morning of the next day, air attacks were conducted against a loyalist tank column from 4:00AM for two hours. It was confirmed by a Reuters reporter that at least seven tanks and two armored personnel carriers were destroyed in the French air strikes.
Admiral Mullen of the United States announced on 20 March, that the international coalition had stopped the regime's progression on Benghazi. Statements made by NTC officials and some news analysts have said that while coalition airstrikes helped, the regime's attack was actually halted by rebel fighters, notably by those under the command of General Abdul Fatah Younis.

</doc>
<doc id="31228704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228704" title="Prime factor exponent notation">
Prime factor exponent notation

In his 1557 work The Whetstone of Witte, British mathematician Robert Recorde proposed an exponent notation by prime factorisation, which remained in use up until the eighteenth century and acquired the name "Arabic exponent notation". The principle of Arabic exponents was quite similar to Egyptian fractions; large exponents were broken down into smaller prime numbers. Squares and cubes were so called; prime numbers from five onwards were called "sursolids".
Although the terms used for defining exponents differed between authors and times, the general system was the primary exponent notation until René Descartes devised the Cartesian exponent notation, which is still used today.
This is a list of Recorde's terms.
By comparison, here is a table of prime factors:

</doc>
<doc id="31228736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228736" title="ABBA SK">
ABBA SK

The ABBA S.K., acronym for "Amatör Buz Pateni ve Buz Hokeyi Ankara İhtisas Spor Kulübü" (literally: "Ice Skating and Ice Hockey Special Amateur Sports Club"), is a sports club established 2005 in Ankara, Turkey specializing in ice hockey, Figure skating and roller skating. The men's ice hockey team participates in the Turkish Hockey SuperLig (TBHSL) and the women's team in the Turkish Ice Hockey Women's League. Both teams play out of the Ankara Ice Palace. The club's colors are orange, navy and white.
History.
The ABBA S.K. was founded in 2005 under the name "Kızıl Kaplan" (literally: Red Tiger). In the second half of the same year, the club was renamed "Buz Kaplanları" (Ice Tigers) due to change of the board. In 2007, the club extended its activities by adding the sports branches of figure skating and roller skating.
The hockey team played in the 2006-2007 season in the Turkish Ice Hockey First League. At the end of the season, it nearly missed the championship, and failed so to advance to the Super League. In the 2007-2008 season, the team became champion of the First League with the help of players transferred from Belarus. In the 2008-2009 season, ABBA SK men's ice hockey team played in the Super League. The team played in the 2009-2010 season in the second division of Turkish Ice Hockey First League'sGroup A.

</doc>
<doc id="31228767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228767" title="Elena Cuza National College (Craiova)">
Elena Cuza National College (Craiova)

Elena Cuza National College is a high school in Craiova, Romania teaching mainly foreign languages. Until 1944 and between 1970 and 1975, all classes were held in French.
History.
The school was founded in 1833 under the name of "Pensionatul de fete Lazaro-Otetelisanu" as a school for girls, belonging to Lazaro-Otetelisanu, the first of its kind in Wallachia. It was ment to help educate the girls of Boyar families. The initiative belonged to Iordache Otetelişanu but most of the money came from Constantin Lazaro, who gives the school the houses he inherited form his wife, Zoiţa Pârşcoveanca. All the girls who were accepted in the school had to know to read and write in a foreign language.
In 1860, the school was nationalized.
Starting 1959 it was renamed "Şcoala medie nr. 3".
Between 1966 and 1976, the school changes name again and is called „Liceul nr. 3” for the first time accepting boys. 
Between 1977 and 1989 it was called „Liceul de Filologie-Istorie” and then „Liceul Elena Cuza”. Since 1998 it has been called „Colegiul Naţional Elena Cuza”.

</doc>
<doc id="31228768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228768" title="Maricopa Colony, Arizona">
Maricopa Colony, Arizona

Maricopa Colony is a census-designated place (CDP) in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, located in the Gila River Indian Community. The population was 709 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 709 people residing in the CDP. The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.27% White, 0.28% Black or African American, 92.24% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 3.10% from other races, and 2.96% from two or more races. 14.25% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31228778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228778" title="Dyal Singh College, Delhi">
Dyal Singh College, Delhi

Dyal Singh College, Delhi is a college of University of Delhi, established in 1959, and is situated in Delhi. It offers undergraduate as well as postgraduate courses in Science, Humanities and Commerce.
The College.
The college is centrally located at Lodhi Road in South Delhi in the vicinity of Lodhi Gardens, Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Safdarjung Tomb, Humayun's Tomb, India Habitat Centre, India International Centre, CGO Complex and many other institutions of national and international significance. The college is conveniently located next to the Jawahar Lal Nehru Stadium Metro Station on the Violet Line of Delhi Metro.
History.
Dyal Singh College owes its origin to the extreme generosity and foresight of Sardar Dyal Singh Majithia, founder of ‘The Tribune’ and ‘Punjab National Bank’, who willed his vast wealth in 1895 for the setting up of an Education Trust for a truly secular college. Consequently, Dyal Singh College was established at Lahore in 1910. After the Partition of India, Dyal Singh College was established in Karnal and in Delhi. It started functioning in the capital as a constituent College of the University of Delhi in 1959 and was taken over by the University of Delhi as a University maintained institution in 1978.
Cultural Societies.
Arts And Cultural Society:
Drama Society (Astitva),
Dance Society,
Fashion Society (Glamorratti),
Debate Society (Entourage)

</doc>
<doc id="31228847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228847" title="2011 Green World ATP Challenger – Singles">
2011 Green World ATP Challenger – Singles

Go Soeda declared as champion after defeating Matthias Bachinger with score 6–4, 7–5 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31228853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228853" title="When Every Day Was the Fourth of July">
When Every Day Was the Fourth of July

When Every Day Was the Fourth of July is a 1978 NBC television movie about a Jewish-American family in 1937 Bridgeport, Connecticut. Narrated in first person flashback, the story follows a 12-year-old boy and his family who find themselves defending the town "misfit" after he's accused of murder. The film was written, produced and directed by Dan Curtis, and stars Dean Jones, Geoffrey Lewis, Chris Petersen, and Katy Kurtzman. It was followed by the 1980 ABC television movie sequel "The Long Days of Summer".
Plot.
It's the summer of 1937 in Bridgeport, Connecticut and 12-year-old Daniel Cooper (Chris Petersen) along with his 10-year-old sister Sarah (Katy Kurtzman) are looking forward to summer vacation, most particularly, the annual 4th of July festivities. Sarah soon befriends the town's gentle misfit, Albert Cavanaugh, known by the town's children as "Snowman" (Geoffrey Lewis), a highly decorated and now brain-damaged World War I veteran, after she defends him from the town's resident bully, "Red" Doyle (Eric Shea). When Snowman finds himself accused of a terrible murder, Sarah, believing him to be innocent, convinces her successful attorney father, Ed Cooper (Dean Jones) to defend him. Amid courtroom allegations of communism and insinuations of a potentially inappropriate relationship with Sarah, Ed Cooper and the town's children must try to prove Snowman's innocence, before he can be sentenced to jail for the murder.
Production.
Although fictionalized, Dan Curtis wrote the story based on his own childhood growing up in Bridgeport, Connecticut, with the character of Danny representing himself as a child. Many of the characters are based on real people Curtis knew growing up, including Danny and Sarah's friends in the film, who are each named after Curtis' own childhood friends, however, Curtis did not have a sister, and instead, the role of Sarah was based on co-writer/producer Lee Hutson's sister of the same name.
Matt Groening has stated that his first job in Los Angeles was as an extra in this film.
See also.
"The Long Days of Summer" (1980 sequel)

</doc>
<doc id="31228856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228856" title="Bids for the 1984 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1984 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1984 Winter Olympics consisted of three bids, and saw Sarajevo, Yugoslavia (in current-day Bosnia and Herzegovina), be selected ahead of Sapporo, Japan, and Gothenburg, Sweden. The selection was made at the 80th IOC Session in Athens on 18 May 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31228859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228859" title="St. Johns, Maricopa County, Arizona">
St. Johns, Maricopa County, Arizona

St. Johns is a census-designated place (CDP) in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, located in the Gila River Indian Community. The population was 476 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 476 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 208.7 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 2.94% White, 0.21% Black or African American, 94.96% Native American, 0.63% from other races, and 1.26% from two or more races. 3.99% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31228862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228862" title="Constitution of South Australia">
Constitution of South Australia

The South Australian Constitution Act of 1934 sets out the principles and rules and procedures for the government of the State of South Australia. 
It provides for certain sections to be altered by the process of a Bill proposing a change passing all readings, approval by a majority of members in both houses of parliament prior to being assented to by the governor. This act also specifies those sections of the SA Constitution that must not only pass a majority vote in both houses but must then be put to the people of SA at a referendum.

</doc>
<doc id="31228868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228868" title="267th Aviation Regiment of School of Reserve Officers">
267th Aviation Regiment of School of Reserve Officers

The 267th Aviation Regiment of School of Reserve Officers ("Serbo-Croatian: 276. avijacijski puk škole rezervnih oficira avijacije / 276. авијацијски пук школе резервних официра авијације") was an aviation regiment established in 1951 as part of the SFR Yugoslav Air Force. The regiments was stationed at Pančevo and Novi Sad airports.
History.
The 267th Aviation Regiment of School of Reserve Officers was formed on January, 1951 by order from December, 1950, at Pančevo airfield. Regiments tasks were training of reserve aviation officers and crop dusting. For its short existence it was equipped with domestic-made Aero 2 trainer aircraft. By order from June 18, 1951, regiment has moved to Novi Sad and reorganized in to Reserve Aviation Officers School. It was disbanded by order from September 10, 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="31228870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228870" title="Bids for the 1988 Winter Olympics">
Bids for the 1988 Winter Olympics

The selection process for the 1988 Winter Olympics consisted of three bids, and saw Calgary, Canada, be selected ahead of Falun, Sweden, and Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. The selection was made at the 84th IOC Session in Baden-Baden, West Germany, on 30 September 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="31228872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228872" title="Craig McGrath">
Craig McGrath

Craig McGrath (born 9 October 1963) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and the West Coast Eagles in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).
From Banyule, McGrath starred in and captained Fitzroy's 1982 Under 19's premiership team. He played his first senior game for Fitzroy in 1984 but had his breakthrough season in 1986 when he made 16 appearances. They included Fitzroy's finals campaign which ended with a preliminary final loss to Hawthorn, when McGrath had 14 disposals. A centre half-forward, he was let go by Fitzroy at the end of the 1989 season to ease salary cap pressure and was picked up by the West Coast with the fourth selection of the 1990 preseason draft.
McGrath, who was used in the ruck on occasions, played in the second half of the 1990 season for the Eagles, including the drawn and replayed qualifying finals. During the year he represented Western Australia in an interstate match against South Australia at Football Park. He played just one further AFL season before being delisted but continued in the WAFL, where he played with East Perth and then Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="31228889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228889" title="Brisbane Roar FC end of season awards">
Brisbane Roar FC end of season awards

The Brisbane Roar End of Season Awards are the individual awards won by players of the Australian football club, Brisbane Roar, who compete in each of the A-League, National Youth League and W-League competitions. These awards are presented annually at the clubs' presentation night following the completion of the A-League season.
Brisbane Roar Senior Team.
Queensland Roars Against Racism Multicultural Ambassador Award.
"Discontinued after 2010–11 season."
Spotless Brisbane ROAR Volunteer of the Year Award.
"Discontinued after 2010–11 season."
National Youth League.
Best and Fairest.
"Discontinued after 2008-09 season."
Westfield Women's League.
Best and Fairest Award.
"Discontinued after 2009–10 season."

</doc>
<doc id="31228944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228944" title="Trapani-Milo Airport">
Trapani-Milo Airport

Trapani-Milo Airport was the first airport to serve the Sicilian city of Trapani, in Italy. It is located on the outskirts of the city. In July 2001 the airbase was intitoled to the Italian aerospace engineer "Luigi Broglio".
History.
The airport was built during the 1930s and became the base of the Italian Regia Aeronautica. After being heavily bombed by Allied forces during the Invasion of Sicily (Operation Husky) in July 1943, it stayed open until 1949 when the new Trapani-Chinisia Airfield was opened.
Since 1975 the airport is used by the Italian Space Agency as launch site for stratospheric balloon. In 1976 with the construction of the motorway A29 the runway was cut in half and a small road bridge connects the two parts of runway.

</doc>
<doc id="31228963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228963" title="Punch Masenamela">
Punch Masenamela

Punch Jan Masenamela (born 17 October 1986) is a South African footballer who plays for Mamelodi Sundowns and South Africa as a defender.
International career.
Born in Bochum, Limpopo, Masenamela made his debut for South Africa in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31228968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228968" title="Caleb Ayer">
Caleb Ayer

Caleb R. Ayer (1813–1883) was an American politician from Maine. Ayer graduated from Dartmouth College in 1834 and was admitted to the bar in 1838. He was an associate of Nathan Clifford and moved to Cornish in York County in 1841. Six years later in 1847, Ayer was elected as a Democrat to the Maine State Senate and served as Senate President in 1848. In 1856, he served as the Secretary of State of Maine under Governor Samuel Wells. He served as the York County Attorney General from 1868-70. He died in 1883. The Caleb R. Ayer House in Cornish is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="31228970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228970" title="T. E. Moir">
T. E. Moir

Sir Thomas Eyebron Moir KCIE CSI (1874-1932) was an Indian civil servant of British origin. He served as the Revenue member of the executive council of the Governor of Madras from 1925 to 1930.
Early life and education.
Moir was educated at Fettes College, Edinburgh and Wadham College, Oxford. He took the 1897 Indian civil service examinations and having passed, arrived in India on December 26, 1898. H
Career.
Moir joined the Indian civil service and served in Madras as Assistant Collector and Magistrate from 1898 to 1901 and Assistant Settlement Officer from 1901 to 1904. He served as Deputy Secretary in the Madras Government from 1910 to 1913 and was Acting Collector in 1914. From 1915 to 1918, he served as Private Secretary to the Governor of Madras.
Moir was nominated to the Madras Legislative Council in which he served from 1922 to 1925. In 1925, Lord Goschen appointed him as the revenue member of the executive council of the Governor of Madras and he served in the council from 1925 to 1930.
Personal life.
Moir married Isabella Thurnburn Davies in 1900. The couple had one son.
Honours.
Moir was made a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire in 1917 and a Companion of the Order of the Star of India in 1922. He was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire in 1929. 

</doc>
<doc id="31228975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228975" title="14th Regiment Armory, Brooklyn">
14th Regiment Armory, Brooklyn

__NOTOC__
The 14th Regiment Armory, also known as the Eighth Avenue Armory and the Park Slope Armory, is a historic National Guard armory building located in the South Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. It is a brick and stone castle-like structure completed in 1893, and designed to be reminiscent of medieval military structures in Europe. It was designed by William Mundell and originally built for the 14th Regiment of the New York State Militia.
It consists of a two-story, flat-roofed administration building with an attached 1.5-story, barrel vaulted drill shed, spanning open space of . The building features asymmetrical 3- and 4-story towers. It is constructed of brick and sits on a stone foundation of Warsaw bluestone with bluestone trim and details. Since the 1980s, CAMBA, a non-profit organization based in Flatbush has operated the Park Slope Armory Women's Shelter at the Armory. The building was renovated in 2007, and is used as a sports complex operated by the Prospect Park YMCA.
The Armory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994, and was designated a New York City landmark in 1998.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31228994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31228994" title="Rolla, Anantapur">
Rolla, Anantapur

Rolla is a village and mandal in Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Geography.
Rolla is located at . It has an average elevation of 726 metres (2385 ft).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Rolla mandal is as follows:
Villages.
The villages in Rolla mandal includes: Jeerige Halli, HT Halli, Kaluve Halli, Mallinamadugu, Hunisekunta, Keriyalahalli, Hallikere, Mallasandra, TD Halli, Agrahara, Vannaranahalli, Somagatta, Bandrshalli, Bommagundanahalli, Dodderi, Gudduguriki, Kaki, M. Rayapuram, Ratnagiri, Ranganahalli, Rolla, Rolla gollahatti and Somagatta.
Main features.
The main source of income is through agricultural activities by cultivating crops such as Rice, Groundnuts, Sunflower, Raagi, Chilli, Flowers, Cucumber, Oil seeds, Mulberry, Maiz etc.
Though students of this region managed to get education and entered the society as teachers, lecturers, engineers, doctors, scientists etc., still quality education is a daydream for the people of this reason. Though it has been a place for young professionals, lack of accessibility to state capital, lack of quality education are the major hurdles which are driving talented youth to agriculture fields.
The main curse for this mandal is the location. It is in a remote area of Andhra Pradesh, which is being neglected by the development authorities. The water, road, electrical, irrigation, primary and higher education systems need drastic development. The pathetic situation for this region is it got a wide access to countries silicon valley but students are not eligible their to get into educational institutions & people from this region are eligible to get into pearl city of south India where they are not willing. This region got driven into the Dark Ages by politicians, bureaucrats and isolation of this region from Karnataka also paves for underdevelopment.
The popular sports are cricket, volleyball, kabaddi, kho-kho, badminton, gilli-danda, swimming, etc. Essentially there are no well-established facilities to practice the games, but the young people keep busy by themselves with the available play-grounds amidst of wandering people.
Hope: A strong and dynamic leader from the mandal participating in at least taluk level affairs can boost all the developments.AP Gov.
Historical places.
Ratnagiri is one of the historical places in Rolla mandal and Jain temple is located at here, it is 5 km From Rolla.
Ratnagiri fort was the one of the important fort for pandyas and cholas. Later it got fallen to the hands of Hyder-ali. It been believed that after the fall of Vijayanagaram Kingdom Allasani peddana & around 500 Brahmin families got settled at Ratnagiri & Ranganahalli.
Ratnagiri is must visit historic place where one can find fort, old temples, wells. Kollapuri Laxmi Temple and Subramanya Swamy Temple are famous in rathnagiri.
Sanimahathma temple and Ram gudi temple is house of worship for many devotees located in rolla. It is also famous for Muddamma Devi temple with followers mainly from neighbouring Tumkur Dist.of Karnataka State .
Every year during the period of Feb-March rathosavam following by kalyanosthavan will be done for Lord Narasima swamy in rolla .

</doc>
<doc id="31229000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229000" title="2011 South Sydney Rabbitohs season">
2011 South Sydney Rabbitohs season

The 2011 South Sydney Rabbitohs season was the 102nd in South Sydney Rabbitohs's history.
They competed in the NRL's 2011 Telstra Premiership coached by John Lang and captained by Roy Asotasi. The Rabbitohs placed 10th on the competition ladder, after losing a sudden death match against the Knights in Round 26.
The season was the last in the career of coach John Lang, concluding a coaching career spanning 20 years.
Individually, Nathan Merritt received the Dally M Try Scorer of the Year award, finishing equal with the Bulldog's Ben Barba on 23 tries. Chris Sandow received the Dally M Point Scorer of the Year award, after scoring 195 points over the year.
Pre Season.
In the pre-season the Rabbitohs defeated Newtown in the annual Return to Redfern, before losing to St. George Illawarra in the Charity Shield. Their final trial match against the Titans resulted in a loss.
Kit and Sponsors.
Star City Casino.
The Star City Casino is the Rabbitohs major home sponsor for the 2011 Telstra Premiership.
DeLonghi.
DeLonghi are again the major away sponsor for the Rabbitohs in the 2011 Telstra Premiership.
V8 Supercars Australia.
V8 Supercars are the Rabbitohs major sleeve sponsor for the 2011 Telstra Premiership.
Kenwood.
Kenwood are the Rabbitohs major training sponsor for the 2011 Telstra Premiership.
Current squad.
The following list comprises players who are in the Rabbitohs full-time first-grade squad for the 2011 season in the NRL Telstra Premiership.
Transfers.
Gains
Losses 

</doc>
<doc id="31229001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229001" title="Flayed Disciple">
Flayed Disciple

Flayed Disciple is a British death metal/thrash metal band from Taunton, UK. Their debut album 'Death Hammer' was recorded in February 2012 at Foel Studio, Wales, with producer Chris Fielding. They are unsigned.
In July, 2010, Flayed Disciple won Bloodstock Open Air's Metal 2 The Masses competition in Bournemouth. That won them a place on the New Blood Stage at Bloodstock Open Air Festival, in Derby. They were then invited back to Bloodstock Open Air to play on the bigger Sophie Lancaster stage in 2012.
After playing at Bloodstock the first time round, the band started to gain momentum. They were booked onto a tour with Swedish death metal band Aeon and Earache Records - Cerebral Bore. That tour included a slot on the Neurotic Deathfest, Tilburg, the Netherlands.
The band first met in 2008, and recorded the 'Drawn Viscera' EP in the summer of that year. The EP is now out of production and so considered rare as some of the tracks are not available online. The 2010 'Ejaculate While Killing' EP has been received in a positive way more often than not and Flayed Disciple have a presence in the major music magazines such as Metal Hammer, Terrorizer Magazine and Zero Tolerance. Many live reviews can be found on the internet.
The full length album 'Death Hammer' was released on May 28, 2012 by Irish label Grindscene Records. There are many reviews online and in print.
Two music videos were recorded from 'Death Hammer', which are available on YouTube, and had airplay on MTV Greece as well as through the Metal Hammer and Terrorizer websites.
A 12" vinyl was recorded in March 2014, and released independently on Flayed Disciple's own label - Bethlam Records.
Musical style and reception.
The music of Flayed Disciple is composed by every band member; the lyrics on 'Death Hammer' were written by Tolfree and Whyte. Their lyrical content has come up against some controversy in recent times, as the themes of serial killers, rape, murder, paedophilia and atheism feature in most songs. The musical style is heavily influenced by the early 80's thrash metal scene from the Bay Area of California. Bands such as Megadeth, Metallica and Slayer are the reason they started writing music. Recently, heavier bands such as Cannibal Corpse, Demolition Hammer, Napalm Death and Deicide have provided the influence they needed to go from a thrash band to a thrash/death crossover.
It's worth noting that Flayed Disciple did not have a bass player for three years after former bassist (and original member) Nathan Bartley left the band in 2009 to become a full time hippie. The bass parts on the Ejaculate While Killing EP were recorded by Lead Guitarist Thurston Howe. They recruited Welsh bass player Paul Williams at the end of 2011, completing the line up ready to record their first album.
The touring for 'Death Hammer' took the band as far as India, playing at an open air festival alongside French band Gojira. They also toured across Europe with Vader in January 2013.
Founding member Phil Tolfree left the band in 2013, citing personal reasons. A replacement was found in Rich Lewis, a long term friend of Paul Williams.
Guitarist Thurston Howe is endorsed by Waghorn Guitars of Bristol.

</doc>
<doc id="31229005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229005" title="Jack Pettiford">
Jack Pettiford

John "Jack" Pettiford (29 November 1919 – 11 October 1964) was an Australian cricketer. He played over 200 first-class matches, mostly for Kent and New South Wales. In the 1949 and 1950 seasons he was the professional for Nelson Cricket Club in the Lancashire League.

</doc>
<doc id="31229008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229008" title="Revolutionary Council (Algeria)">
Revolutionary Council (Algeria)

The Revolutionary Council was the body that ruled Algeria after the coup d'état in June 1965.Col. Houari Boumedienne was its chairman.
The members were as follows in 1970:

</doc>
<doc id="31229022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229022" title="Invasion of Banu Lahyan">
Invasion of Banu Lahyan

The Invasion of Banu Lahyan took place in September, 627AD in Rabi‘ Al-Awwal or Jumada Al-Ula, 6AH of the Islamic calendar .
Background.
Muhammad wanted to get revenge for the killing of 10 Muslims in Expedition of Al Raji. The Banu Lahyan were situated deep in the heart of Hijaz on the borders of Makkah, and due to deep-seated blood-revenge between the Muslims on the one hand, and Quraish and the Arabians on the other. 
When the power of the allied Confederates collapsed and they began to slacken and resign to the current unfavourable balance of power, Muhammad seized this rare opportunity and decided that it was time to take revenge on Banu Lahyan.
Invasion.
Muhammad set out in Rabi‘ Al-Awwal or Jumada Al-Ula in the year six Hijri (July 627 A.D) with 200 Muslim fighters and made a feint of heading for Syria, then soon changed route towards Batn Gharran, the scene of where 10 Muslims were killed in the Expedition of Al Raji. Bani Lahyan were on Alert and got the news of his march, the tribe then immediately fled to the mountain tops nearby and thus remained out of his reach. On his way back, Muhammad despatched a group of ten horsemen to a place called Kura‘ Al-Ghamim, in the vicinity of the habitation of Quraish in order to indirectly confirm his growing military power. All these skirmishes took 14 days, after which he left back for home.
Islamic sources.
Hadith literature.
The event is mentioned in the Sahih Muslim hadith collection:

</doc>
<doc id="31229030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229030" title="The Women Men Marry">
The Women Men Marry

The Women Men Marry is a 1937 Hollywood film. The film stars George Murphy, Josephine Hutchinson, Claire Dodd and Toby Wing and was directed by Errol Taggart. The filmscript is credited to Donald Henderson Clarke.

</doc>
<doc id="31229034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229034" title="Sentenced to Death (film)">
Sentenced to Death (film)

Sentenced to Death () is a 1989 Hungarian drama film directed by János Zsombolyai. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31229039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229039" title="Bread and Cheese">
Bread and Cheese

Bread and Cheese may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31229059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229059" title="Scott Bennett (footballer)">
Scott Bennett (footballer)

Scott Bennett (born 8 January 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
Bennett appeared in just one senior game for the Eagles, against Melbourne at Docklands. He had four kicks, four handballs, took one mark and laid three tackles.
Mostly used a wingman and half back, Bennett played with three WAFL clubs.
After being out for four seasons, he made a return to the league in 2006 when he turned out for Peel Thunder.

</doc>
<doc id="31229061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229061" title="List of England national rugby union team results 1871–79">
List of England national rugby union team results 1871–79

These are the list of results that England have played from 1871 to 1879.
The first international in international rugby football history was played between Scotland and England at Raeburn Place, in Edinburgh on 27 March 1871. Scotland prevailed by one goal and try to England's one try . A standard points scoring system was at the time undeveloped .

</doc>
<doc id="31229076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229076" title="Baierl">
Baierl

Baierl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31229081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229081" title="European Working Group on Multiple Criteria Decision Aiding">
European Working Group on Multiple Criteria Decision Aiding

The European Working Group on Multiple Criteria Decision Aiding (also, EURO Working Group on Multicriteria Decision Aiding, EWG on Multicriteria Aid for Decisions, or EWG-MCDA) is a working group whose objective is to promote original research in the field of multicriteria decision aiding at the European level. 
EWG-MCDA is one of the working groups of EURO, the Association of European Operational Research Societies, and has approximately 350 members from 38 countries. The Group was founded in 1975 by Bernard Roy during the First European Conference on Operational Research (EURO I) held in Brussels, Belgium.
The objectives of the EURO Working Group on MCDA are the following:
The European School of MCDA.
Most of the researchers or authors distinguish two major streams of MCDA methods: 
The development of the European School of Multiple Criteria Decision Aiding is mainly attributed to the EURO Working Group on MCDA. The European School directs its study to methodologies where the personal preferences of decision makers have less influence on the alternative chosen.
The methods of the European School are the ELECTRE family methods (ELimination Et Choix Traduisant la REalité) which stems from the pioneering work of Bernard Roy and whose development is strongly connected with the birth of the EWG on MCDA, and the PROMETHEE (PReference ranking Organization METHod for Enrichment Evaluations) method initiated by Professor Jean-Pierre Brans in the beginning of the eighties.

</doc>
<doc id="31229087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229087" title="János Zsombolyai">
János Zsombolyai

János Zsombolyai (born 30 January 1939) is a Hungarian cinematographer, film director and screenwriter. His 1989 film "Sentenced to Death" was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31229088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229088" title="Watchorn">
Watchorn

Watchorn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31229092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229092" title="Don Welbourne">
Don Welbourne

Donald "Don" Welbourne (born 12 March 1949) is an English former professional footballer who made more than 250 appearances in the Football League playing as a central defender for Scunthorpe United. He also played in the North American Soccer League (NASL) for the Boston Minutemen.
Career.
Welbourne was born in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire. He began his football career as an apprentice with Scunthorpe United, and made his debut as a 17-year-old in September 1966. After establishing himself in the first team a couple of years later, he spent seven seasons as a regular, and was part of the Fourth Division team that knocked First Division Sheffield Wednesday out of the 1969–70 FA Cup on Wednesday's own ground, before injury ended his professional career in November 1975. In 1969, he and Grimsby Town player Graham Rathbone were sent off for fighting, and each received an eight-week ban, "suspensions of unprecedented severity", according to "The Times". Welbourne played for the Boston Minutemen, alongside Eusébio, as they won the Northern Division of the North American Soccer League in 1975. He later became a window-cleaner.
Welbourne's older brother Duncan was also a professional footballer who played more than 450 games for Watford.

</doc>
<doc id="31229104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229104" title="Havredal">
Havredal

Havredal is a small Danish village with a population of 134 (as of 1 January 2012) It is located 15 km south from Viborg and 1 km south from Frederiks near Alheden in central Jutland.

</doc>
<doc id="31229123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229123" title="List of U.S. state firearms">
List of U.S. state firearms

A state firearm has only been designated by four of the fifty States in the United States: Utah, Arizona, Indiana, and West Virginia.
In 2010 a bill to adopt the long rifle as the Pennsylvania state firearm was rejected.
In March 2011, Utah adopted the M1911 pistol as its state firearm. This gun was designed by Ogden, Utah native John Browning. The adoption was supported by Republican Utah State Representative Carl Wimmer, who said, "It does capture a portion of Utah's history" and "even bigger than that, it captures a portion of American history." The adoption was opposed by Democratic Utah State Representative Brian King who said, "When we are talking about a state symbol we would do well to come up with one that is more unifying than divisive and this is a very divisive symbol for obvious reasons. This is just a poor choice for a state symbol".
In April 2011, Arizona Governor Jan Brewer signed a bill into law which designated the Colt Single Action Army Revolver as Arizona's state firearm. 
In March 2012, Indiana adopted the Grouseland rifle as its state firearm. This rifle is kept at Grouseland, the home of President William Henry Harrison and was made between 1803 and 1812 by John Small, who later became the first sheriff in the state. "This rifle and its maker are both integral parts of Indiana history, and as such, the rifle is worthy of its designation as the Indiana State Rifle," said Senator John Waterman.
__TOC__
External links.
1. Official Website displaying photograph of the Grouseland Rifle: http://www.grouselandfoundation.org/new.html

</doc>
<doc id="31229130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229130" title="SpaceShaft">
SpaceShaft

A SpaceShaft is a proposed Lighter than air (LTA), atmospherically buoyant, deep-draft, super-tall cylindrical-like structure that could serve as an elevator system for “Single-stage-to-orbit” (SSTO) vehicles to "near-space altitudes".
History.
The SpaceShaft was proposed at the 2nd Eurospaceward Conference on December 2008 in Luxembourg as part of a possible transportation method for the carbon nanotube tether spools that a space elevator system will need for its deployment from space.
Overview.
In distinction to some proposed Non-rocket spacelaunch systems, a SpaceShaft is neither “a tower" (since, technically speaking, it is not standing on foundations or a surface, such as the surface of our planet), nor it is a Tether Space Elevator, since it is not stabilized into the upright standing position by centrifugal forces. Instead one can imagine a SpaceShaft as being like a giant, vertically floating, spar-buoy, (or spar platform also known as a oil platform). This vertically floating orientation is obtained by its anchoring to the ground from its bottom end (or keel). While the cumulative buoyancy structurally stiffens the anchoring cables, which by a special distribution extend all the way to its top end, or summit. The summit section supports a large enough flat surface which is to serve as a Flight deck for the take-off or launching of the SSTOs. Typically the flight deck is located at a short altitude above an imaginary atmospheric (water) line representing the limit at which neutral buoyancy happens. The flight deck (or launching platform) could be well above the Troposphere.
The cumulate buoyancy throughout the dense regions of the atmosphere provides and transmits the gathered potential energy from the displaced atmospheric weight, (needed for its elevating movement and capacity). The reaction caused by the cumulated buoyancy and synchronized upward movement of the stacked sections has been named "upthrust", discussed later in the section named The upthrust formula.
Because of the weight displacement caused by the atmospheric column due to the regular increment of space occupancy, a SpaceShaft could be considered as capable of lifting super-heavy cargo with estimated distributed capacities measured in thousands of tonnes. An example of such cargo could be the lifting of multiple units of SSTOs especially designed for use above the troposphere and are to be launched horizontally into their orbital flight (in contrast to the usual vertical launch of multi-stage rockets, whose first stages are dedicated exclusively to lift-off and precede successive stages that achieve orbital velocities at near-space altitude).
To carry out the elevation process (of different payload types) a SpaceShaft would use two separate and different methods of transportation:
As said before, a SpaceShaft would not be by itself able to launch its cargo into orbit. For the task of orbital insertions. the elevated SSTO vehicles, (with their payloads) must have their own (built-in) propulsion systems to launch from the carrying fly-deck, capable of achieving the escape velocities needed to reach their destination orbits.
General appearance and arrangement.
The SpaceShaft is, overall, a tethered balloon, formed in the shape of a long, narrow column.
The general structural appearance of a SpaceShaft is that of an upright standing telescopic system behaving as a typical oceanic spar-buoy or spar type oil platform; instead of being "mostly submerged in water and partially rising into the atmosphere", it is "mostly submerged in the planet’s atmosphere and partially rising out into the fringes of Space".
Although a SpaceShaft is also described as a structure, it is not a space tower because it does not stand on foundations in contact with the surface of the planet as to support compressive forces (see image of mode 3 stretching and compression) caused by weight. A SpaceShaft is not a space launch system, however, from a platform at the top of a SpaceShaft either spaceplanes or spacecrafts with built-in propulsion systems could be launched.
It would support multiple platforms distributed at several elevations that would provide habitation facilities for long-term human operations throughout the mid-atmosphere and near-space altitudes. A SpaceShaft is potential component in non-rocket spacelaunch systems.
Because of the large volumes of displaced air-mass resulting from the diameters of its multiple concentrically aligned, telescopic cylinders (stabilization shafts) and their different heights, thousands of tons of buoyancy would be harnessed, making it theoretically possible to support several permanent platforms at the top of each of the stabilization shafts on the outer rims and thousands of tonnes of upthrust on the cylinders at the core of the telescopic system (transportation shafts). The type of shafts and their intended uses are discussed later.
Within the conduit at the innermost transportation shaft (i.e. the flue), which would extend from near sea-level to the highest elevation, where a platform will be located, a special shuttling-cab(s), comparable to a vertically oriented air-ship, will travel up and down the system quickly carrying personnel and light cargo, first by means of buoyancy and afterward by electromechanical systems.
The location of the individual platforms, except for the one at the summit of the highest shaft, are mostly distributed at altitudes below the Mesosphere, and so allowing for long term human activities never before possible throughout the mid-atmosphere of our planet. The reason for the distribution is that the platforms (also known as mooring platforms) also serve as the attaching points for guy-lines similar to those used with sailing masts and guyed mast antennae.
The platform at the top of the innermost shaft, i.e. the one within the core of the telescopic system, will be able to reach altitudes around 100 km, and perhaps above depending on the intended operation, and so potentially provide the needed support for facilities to exercise important non-orbital space operations. The platform could even provide the facilities for initiating the “assisted launch” of a typical second stage rocket or spaceplane (see rockoon and balloon-launched self-stabilized rocket).
Besides its capability of supporting multiple platforms throughout the atmosphere, a SpaceShaft will also serve to house a more traditional elevator system consisting of a special shuttling-cab traveling through the flue of the core shaft. It is however important to note that this elevator system can be considered as just the secondary elevator system that a SpaceShaft can provide for reasons that will be explained later in the Deployment section.
Description of building blocks missing.
The building blocks of the SpaceShaft are only described as lighter than air and rigid. There is no concrete description of how to build such a building block which must be much lighter than air at normal conditions.
Gas balloons with a fixed frame may be one possibility, but then a space shaft is more or less the lower part of a Balloon-evator. One possible material to use is aerographene, as of March 2013, the least dense solid known.
Deployment and FIFO delivery.
The FIFO deployment sequence is as follows; having one of the buoyant building blocks already anchored; some slack is then given to the anchor lines as to let it further rise, i.e.; in a controlled fashion and for a limited height, as much as to allow for enough space being made as to insert a new buoyant building block right underneath the first one. These building blocks are then firmly attached to each other and so becoming a unit with the understandably incremented buoyancy. The process is then repeated for as many times as is necessary, such that: when both the desired carrying capacity and desired altitude are achieved for the building block at the top of the stack, with whatever payload is contained, is then submitted for their relocations. And so is the FIFO sequence completed.
As said, the SpaceShaft is assembled using atmospherically buoyant building blocks. These building blocks consist of specifically engineered buoyant pressure vessels. Some of which are designed for high buoyancy and ballasting, while others are engineered for more specific structural purposes. However, all of these building blocks are characterized by being buoyant and having internal skeletons made from composite materials, and so making these units very strong, very light, modular, and maintainable, even when they have already been integrated into the buoyant structure and have reached high atmospheric altitudes. One interesting property of such a buoyant structure is that in the event of an accident only limited amounts of debris will fall back to the ground since most of the building blocks will remain atmospherically buoyant.
Other components of the system are not as buoyant or may not be buoyant at all, (e.g. anchor lines, winches, deck equipment, etc.). The design goal of the SpaceShaft is to construct a structure that is; "atmospherically buoyant from sea level up to altitudes of 50km". Higher altitudes are attained by transferring excess weight as compressive loads down the SpaceShaft.
The SpaceShaft will have net positive buoyancy which will necessitate anchoring it to the ground. Additionally, since the lower portion of the SpaceShaft is subject to atmospheric winds will therefore require mooring lines. To quickly differentiate the functionality of the systems; the anchoring system is to keep the SpaceShaft from freely flying away, while the mooring system is to counteract lateral wind forces that could toss around the structure. More about the combined effects of wind loads and upthrust is discussed later, under the section of "Heave and roll behavior" which would describe the similar of a spar-buoy on a waterway and on the section "Wind force and Coriolis", likewise for bending and deflection on the structure. Beside the two mentioned external control systems there is an electronically controlled, self-sufficient, ballasting system incorporated into every one of the buoyant building blocks.
As the SpaceShaft is constructed, the sum total of the buoyant forces of all the component rings is available to support the weight(s) of the elevated (elevating) platform(s) and payloads. Thus, as you add more component rings, you increase the load carrying capacity of the SpaceShaft.
The SpaceShaft structure is constructed with a larger number of concentric rings at the lower levels. The SpaceShaft structure is wider at the base, narrower at the top. The appearance of which resembles a telescoping device. Some of the SpaceShaft structures may resemble an elongated version of the Burj Khalifa, currently the tallest building at 828 m (2,717 ft).
While the total volume of the Burj Khalifa is not listed, the floor area is listed as 309,473 square meters. If we approximate floor height as averaging 3 meters then the volume is 928,419 cubic meters. At the bottom of the Burj Khalifa (sea level) the density of air is approximately 1.2 kilograms per cubic meter. At the top of the Burj Khalifa (828 meters) the density of air is approximately 1.1 kilograms per cubic meter. With a total displacement of 928,419 cubic meters, and considering the majority of the displacement is at the bottom, using 1.175 kg/m³ average density of displaced air, the available buoyancy is approximately 1,090 metric tons (less the mass of the SpaceShaft components). While the average density of the SpaceShaft components is unknown at this time, targeted values are in the range of 0.1 to 0.2 kg/m³. Using the higher density, a sea level based SpaceShaft of the size and shape of the Burj Khalifa could lift 905 metric tons. The Burj Khalifa represents a structure that is approximately 1% the size (height and volume) of a SpaceShaft.
Buoyancy and upthrust.
By definition, buoyancy is a static upward force that acts on a single object of lower density than its surrounding environmen, such as is the case of wooden piece being immersed in a fluid, but in the case of a SpaceShaft it is the air of the environment. The buoyant force is equal to the weight of the fluid displaced and not that of the displaced object. If the upward buoyant force is greater than the mass of the object immersed, the object will float; this is referred to as positive buoyancy. If the mass of the object is exactly equal to the mass of the fluid displaced (that is, the average density of the object equals the density of the fluid), this will produce neutral buoyancy. An object that is heavier than the fluid displace exhibits negative buoyancy.
In contrast to regular buoyancy, upthrust consist of the cumulated buoyancy, (which is the static aspect,) and the reactive movement, which is the kinetic aspect.
Therefore, the sum of all the buoyancy from all the cross-sectional elements that make a SpaceShaft is informally called, (by the developers of the SpaceShaft,) as the upthrust of the system.
The upthrust formula.
The total upthrust of a SpaceShaft equals the payload that it can carry at its top while still being in a neutral floating state. The total upthrust is computed assuming that:
where the altitude is defined as with the distance of the Earth's center and the Earth's radius.
The net vertical upthrust per unit length acting upon the SpaceShaft at a given altitude , is the summation of the difference between the upward buoyancy force and the downward weight force .
For the case that the height of the shaft is not negligible compared to the radius of the Earth, the upthrust must also account for the upward centrifugal force due to the Earth's rotation;
Thus, the net vertical upthrust per unit length is . The different composing forces are detailed below.
Upward buoyancy force.
The buoyancy force per unit length of the SpaceShaft at a given altitude is computed as
in which is the air density and the gravitational acceleration defined by:
formula_1
Since the height h of SpaceShaft is necessarily limited to the atmosphere, however, h will be much less than re, and hence g(h) can be approximated as constant (=go) to reasonable accuracy for most calculations
The buoyancy force here does not include the effect of the gas, if any, inflating the structure. This can be included in the weight. If it is included in the byoyancy force, the force is modified by making the effective density of the gas equal to the difference in density of the gas pressurizing the system from the density of the gas external to the system.
The buoyancy goes to zero as the altitude increases.
Downward weight force.
The downward weight force per unit length is simply computed as:
formula_2
The total upthrust.
The total upthrust for a SpaceShaft with bottom section at an altitude and top section at 
an altitude is then given by the integration of the vertical upthrust over the SpaceShaft's length. Neglecting centrifugal force (see next section), this is:
formula_3
or, using the expressions for the respective upthrust components given above:
formula_4
Considering a SpaceShaft that is in a neutral floating state (), the above expression in which is replaced by any altitude between and gives the vertical buckling force the upper parts of the SpaceShaft exert on the lower parts of the SpaceShaft at that altitude. This allows to evaluate the vertical stresses in the internal of the SpaceShaft and, hence, to choose the appropriate materials and design to cope with these stresses.
In case the SpaceShaft is not in a neutral floating state (), the SpaceShaft must be anchored as discussed above. The anchoring force will then equal for the SpaceShaft to be in mechanical equilibrium. This force can then be used to evaluate the stresses in the anchoring system.
The total stress.
If the weight of each segment at a given altitude is exactly equal to the buoyancy, there will be no stress on the structure (and the upthrust is zero). If the weight is greater or less than the buoyancy at a given altitude, then the material of the shaft must be carrying a load. For any of the structure significantly above the atmosphere, the buoyancy is zero, and hence the structure is in compression. The total compressional force can be computed by integrating (weight minus buoyancy) from the top of the tower downward. Stress can then be computed as the force divided by the cross sectional area at that point.
Simplification.
In many cases the weight per unit length of the SpaceShaft will be proportional to its cross sectional area: where is the SpaceShaft's own density. The total upthrust now becomes:
For a reasonable approximation, centrifugal force and the gravitational acceleration can be considered constant. The total upthrust is thus simply the buoyancy minus the weight:
formula_5
Upward centrifugal force.
Since the height h SpaceShaft is necessarily limited to the atmosphere, this term will be constant to a reasonable approximation, and thus the centrifugal force can simply be subtracted from the gravitational acceleration at the Earth's surface to give the effective gravity at the Earth's surface, go
For a more detailed calculation, the centrifugal acceleration due to the Earth's rotation is computed as:
formula_6
in which is the constant Earth's rotation speed given by:
formula_7
in which is the duration of a day on Earth in seconds.
Since this term effectively reduces the effective gravity, it applies to both the weight and buoyancy force. Thus, the centrifugal force can be accounted for in the equations above by subtracting the centrifugal acceleration from the gravitational acceleration go
External Forces on the SpaceShaft.
To cope with different lateral forces such as wind and Coriolis forces (for instance, when a shuttle is moving rapidly upward within the Spaceshaft), a number of stabilization techniques are envisaged that can be categorized in two main categories:
It is important to investigate how a SpaceShaft can remain in equilibrium under the effect of lateral forces in order to design appropriately the different aforementioned stabilization techniques. Mechanical equilibrium of the SpaceShaft is reached if the sum of all forces and the sum of all moments around some reference point (in this case the anchor point at the bottom of the SpaceShaft) are zero. In absence of any active stabilization technique, the SpaceShaft will no longer a straight vertical artefact but will have to lean against the side forces that are then compensation by the SpaceShaft's own weight force.
To model the mechanical static equilibrium of a SpaceShaft, the different acting forces and moments are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="31229132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229132" title="Ganglbauer">
Ganglbauer

Ganglbauer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31229139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229139" title="Andy Wilson (footballer)">
Andy Wilson (footballer)

Andrew "Andy" Wilson (born 27 September 1940) is an English former professional footballer who scored 28 goals from 229 goals in the Football League. A winger, he played for Sheffield United, Scunthorpe United, Doncaster Rovers, Chesterfield and Aldershot.
Career.
Wilson was born in Rotherham, Yorkshire. He began his career in the Football League with Sheffield United, joining Scunthorpe United of the Fourth Division in June 1961. He stayed with the club for four seasons, and played more than 100 games, before moving to Doncaster Rovers in 1965 on a free transfer. After a year he moved on to Chesterfield, and after a further two years signed for Aldershot. In 1969 he dropped into non-League football with Boston United.

</doc>
<doc id="31229155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229155" title="Central American &amp; Caribbean Tennis Confederation">
Central American &amp; Caribbean Tennis Confederation

Central American & Caribbean Tennis Confederation ( (COTECC)) is a continental governing body of tennis in Central America and the Caribbean. It is affiliated by International Tennis Federation (ITF) and has its headquarters in San Salvador, El Salvador.
Affiliated Members.
These are the members of COTECC:

</doc>
<doc id="31229166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229166" title="Herzlich willkommen">
Herzlich willkommen

Herzlich willkommen is a 1990 West German drama film directed by Hark Bohm. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31229169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229169" title="Grønhøj">
Grønhøj

Grønhøj is a small Danish town with a population of 209 (1 January 2010). It is located 15 km southwest of Viborg and 25 km south of Skive, near Alheden in central Jutland.

</doc>
<doc id="31229172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229172" title="List of hospitals in São Tomé and Príncipe">
List of hospitals in São Tomé and Príncipe

This is a list of hospitals in São Tomé and Príncipe.

</doc>
<doc id="31229180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229180" title="Your Cheatin' Heart (film)">
Your Cheatin' Heart (film)

"Your Cheatin' Heart" is a 1964 musical directed by Gene Nelson, starring George Hamilton, Susan Oliver and Red Buttons.
Plot summary.
The film begins with young Hank Williams trying to earn money by pitching a snake-oil cure-all to the gullible, capping his spiel by picking up his guitar and singing. In the crowd is The Drifting Cowboys, a group of touring country-western musicians who happen to be passing through. They invite Hank Williams to join their group, and music history is made. Memphis-born George Hamilton is winningly natural as Williams in the musical biopic of the short-lived but forever influential “Hillbilly Shakespeare.” It’s a deeply felt story, made with the assistance of his widow Audrey and featuring timeless songs (Long Gone Lonesome Blues, I Can’t Help It and Hey, Good Lookin’ among them) lip-synched by Hamilton but sung by another C&W great: Hank Williams, Jr. The end scene (when the audience is notified that Williams has passed away while on the way there) is a powerful one, as one audience member stands up umprompted and begins to sing "I Saw the Light". Others stand up quickly and join him, as the spotlight shines on the stage where Hank should be. (This was similar to what actually happened after Williams died, as Hawkshaw Hawkins and several musicians began singing "I Saw The Light", and the crowd joined in, thinking at first that the announcement was an act, but when Hawkins and co. began singing, the crowd realized it was no act.)
Versions.
The film was originally released in 1964 in Black and White, and has the distinction of being the final MGM Musical Film to be produced in Black and White.
The film was colorized by Turner Entertainment in 1990. The colorized version made its debut over SuperStation WTBS on January 1, 1991, the 38th anniversary of Hank Williams, Sr.'s Death.
DVD.
"Your Cheating Heart" was released on DVD November 9, 2010, by Warner Archive as a MOD (Manufacture On Demand) disc via Amazon (Black and White version). The colorized version has never been released on any form of home video, but DVD-R's of it frequently show up on websites specializing in bootlegs of rare movies.

</doc>
<doc id="31229187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229187" title="Tsutae Yuzu">
Tsutae Yuzu

Yuzu Tsutae (つたえゆず Tsutae Yuzu) is a female manga artist who was born in China and then moved to Osaka, Japan. She is most commonly known for her role as the illustrator in Sukisho. However, she has made guest illustrations in Pixiv artbooks and has made several novels and doujins. Tsutae Yuzu is known for her love for illustrating Boy's Love novels and for her soft and smooth coloring.

</doc>
<doc id="31229192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229192" title="Neil Marshall (footballer)">
Neil Marshall (footballer)

Neil Peter Marshall (born 6 July 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
Marshall, an Indigenous Australian, was a half back flanker who came from Broome originally. He was picked up in the 1995 AFL Draft but didn't play a senior game for the Eagles in 1996, instead playing in Claremont's premiership team.
Against Sydney in 1997, at the SCG, he made his league debut and was solid with 13 disposals. He played only once more that year, against Melbourne and in 1998 added just two further games to his tally, participating in wins over Collingwood and Fremantle. 
A two time Western Australian interstate representative, Marshall finished his career with Subiaco.

</doc>
<doc id="31229199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229199" title="Jimmy Whitfield">
Jimmy Whitfield

Jimmy Whitfield (18 May 1919 – 1984) was an English professional footballer who scored 38 goals from 161 appearances in the Football League playing as an inside forward for Grimsby Town, Scunthorpe United (in two separate spells) and Southport.
Career.
Whitfield was born in Hull. He began his career in the Football League with Grimsby Town, before joining Scunthorpe United, then playing in the Midland League, for a £900 fee in February 1949. He scored 29 goals in the club's last season in non-League football and played one season in the League before moving on to Southport in September 1951. After only five months, he returned to Scunthorpe, where he played regularly for two seasons, but at the end of the 1954–55 season he returned to non-League football with Boston United, Brigg Town and Alford United. He died in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31229201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229201" title="Adeline Kerrar">
Adeline Kerrar

Adeline Kerrar ("Addie") (August 31, 1924 – July 4, 1995) was an infielder and catcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League during the season. Listed at , 130 pounds, she was a switch-hitter and threw right-handed.
A native of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Karrar entered the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League in 1944 with the Rockford Peaches. A versatile utility, she caught and played at shortstop and third base. She had a brief career in the league because of assorted injuries.
In one game, Kerrar scored the winning run for her team by stealing home plate, but because she was not told to steal home she was fined by Rockford's manager Jack Kloza. She connected three hits in eighteen at-bats for a .167 career average in eight games.
Following her baseball career, Kerrar went on to work as one of the first female postwomen in the United States. She later served as an area representative for the AAGPBL Players Association for a number of years.
Since 1988, Karrar is part of "Women in Baseball", a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York, which was unveiled to honor the entire All-American Girls Professional Baseball League rather than individual baseball personalities.
Kerrar was a long-time resident of Naples, Florida, where she died at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="31229223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229223" title="Lefferts Manor Historic District">
Lefferts Manor Historic District

Lefferts Manor Historic District is a national historic district in Prospect Lefferts Gardens, Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It consists of 667 contributing buildings and one contributing site (the elaborate garden at 95 Maple) built between 1896 and 1935 on the subdivision established by James Lefferts in 1896. It consists entirely of one family residential buildings, most of which are stone, brick, or brick and stone rowhouses. The district also includes a number of free-standing frame and masonry residences and garages.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31229235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229235" title="Oktubre">
Oktubre

Oktubre is the second studio album by Argentine rock band Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota, released in 1986. "Oktubre" is ranked at #4 in the Argentine version of Rolling Stone's "Los 100 Mejores Discos del Rock Nacional" (The 100 Greatest Records in Argentine Rock).
Background.
The album cover is inspired by the Russian Revolution in the early Twentieth Century. The sound incorporating elements of post-punk influence in the new wave of the 1980s, imposed by groups as The Cure, Joy Division, The Police and others.
"Oktubre" was officially presented on 18 and 25 October at Paladium in front of 1200 fans. For these concerts, the keyboardist Andrés Teocharidis participated in both shows.
Hailed by critics and fans as the bands masterwork, the album has some of the groups signature songs such as "Jijiji", ″Ya nadie va a escuchar tu remera″, ″Fuegos de octubre″ and "Motor Psico".

</doc>
<doc id="31229236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229236" title="Uwe Bohm">
Uwe Bohm

Uwe Bohm (born 23 January 1962) is a German actor. He has appeared in over 70 films and television shows since 1976. He starred in the 1990 film "Herzlich willkommen", which was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31229237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229237" title="List of smallest fish in the world">
List of smallest fish in the world

The world's smallest fish is "Paedocypris progenetica" from Indonesia, with mature females measuring . This fish, a member of the carp family, has a translucent body and a head unprotected by a skeleton.

</doc>
<doc id="31229259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229259" title="Coordinating Committee for Earthquake Prediction">
Coordinating Committee for Earthquake Prediction

The Coordinating Committee for Earthquake Prediction (CCEP) in Japan was founded in April 1969, as part of the Geodesy Council's Second Earthquake Prediction Plan, in order to carry out a comprehensive evaluation of earthquake data in Japan. The committee consists of 30 members and meets four times each year, as well as publishing a report on its activities twice each year. The CCEP brings together representatives from 20 governmental bodies and universities engaged in earthquake prediction and research. It has a secretariat within the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.
History.
The first moves towards the Committee were taken after earthquake researchers published "Earthquake Prediction - Current Status and Action Plan" in 1962. This was adopted by the General Assembly of Geodesy Council with the launch of their first prediction plan in 1964. Following earthquakes in 1964, 1695 and 1968 the EEPC was founded to coordinate future prediction activities.
Geographical Areas of Observation.
In order to focus future work, and based on the geological evidence, in 1970 the CCEP designated certain areas of Japan as Areas of Specified Observation or Areas of Intensified Observation. The Tōkai region was upgraded to an Area of Intensified Observation in 1974.
By 1978, when some of the boundaries were also changed, eight Areas of Specified Observation and two Areas of Intensified Observation had been designated.
Participating organisations.
The following organisations are represented on the CCEP:

</doc>
<doc id="31229264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229264" title="The Long Days of Summer">
The Long Days of Summer

The Long Days of Summer is a 1980 ABC television movie sequel to the 1978 NBC television movie "When Every Day Was the Fourth of July". Taking place one year later, the story follows now 13-year old Danny and the Cooper family in 1938, as they begin to experience the effects of growing antisemitism in their small New England town, parallelling what is happening overseas in Hitler's Germany. The film was produced and directed by Dan Curtis and stars Dean Jones, Donald Moffat, Ronnie Scribner and Louanne.
Plot.
It's the summer of 1938 in Bridgeport, Connecticut and Jewish 13-year-old, Daniel Cooper (now portrayed by Ronnie Scribner) finds himself tangling with the bigoted playground bully, Freddy Landauer (David Baron). As the talk of Bridgeport centers around the pending rematch between boxing heavyweight champ Joe Louis and his German challenger, Danny is challenged to a boxing match with the Landauer boy, to which he feels he has no choice but to accept. Paralleling his plight, Danny's father (Dean Jones) also begins to experience antisemitism when he takes in a Jewish boarder from Germany (Donald Moffat) who has come to the United States to warn of the increasing menace overseas in the form of Adolf Hitler. As Danny and his family are faced with their own pressures from within their small-town community, they must each make difficult decisions about standing up for what is right in the face of discrimination and intimidation.
Production.
"When Every Day Was the Fourth of July" originally aired on the NBC network and was intended to be a pilot for a potential series. However, when the series was not picked up, Curtis made "The Long Days of Summer" as a sequel, but this time airing on the ABC network instead.
Although a few of the original actors did return to reprise their roles, including Tiger Williams and Gloria Calomee, Dean Jones was the only lead to reprise his role, with the rest of the Cooper family portrayed by different actors for the sequel. Veteran film and television actor, Charles Aidman also returned to narrate as the voice of adult Danny, however he was uncredited in both films.
As with the first film, the decision was made to shoot "Bridgeport, Connecticut" in California. Curtis returned to the same neighborhood in Echo Park, Los Angeles, and shot many of the outdoor scenes for the sequel in the same locations that were used in the original film.<ref name="'4th of July/Days of Summer' DVD"/>
See also.
"When Every Day Was the Fourth of July"

</doc>
<doc id="31229266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229266" title="Vedalai">
Vedalai

Vedalai is a village in Ramanathapuram district, Tamil Nadu state in southern India.
Geographical location.
Vedalai is bordered by the Paak River to the North and Gulf of Mannar to the south. Sundaramudaiyan (S.Madai) village lies to the West and Maraikkayar Pattinam to the East. Vedalai is 20sq.km in size. It lies in 9.26' Latitude and 79.11' Longitude. 
In south of the Gulf of Mannar an island named Muyal Theevu (Rabbit Island) lies between 2 km from Vedalai. This island has many rare living organisms so it is watched by Central Government.

</doc>
<doc id="31229277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229277" title="Odontophore">
Odontophore

The odontophore is part of the feeding mechanism in molluscs. It is the cartilage which underlies and supports the radula, a ribbon of teeth. The radula is found in every class of molluscs except for the bivalves. 
The feeding apparatus can be extended from the mouth of the animal, and the radular ribbon can slide over the odontophore. By moving the radula and odontophore over a surface, the teeth cut and scoop up food particles and convey them into the mouth, from whence they enter the oesophagus.
The diagrams here show the feeding apparatus of a gastropod. Note however that this is a generalized diagram, the details of which do not necessarily apply to predatory species of gastropods such as the cone snails, which have a highly specialized feeding mechanism.

</doc>
<doc id="31229287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229287" title="The Guard (1990 film)">
The Guard (1990 film)

The Guard (, translit. Karaul) is a 1990 Soviet drama film by the Lenfilm directed by Aleksandr Rogozhkin. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Alfred Bauer Prize. The film is shot entirely in sepia.
Plot.
The film is based on the real story of a Soviet Internal Troops soldier who killed his entire unit (the "karaul") as a result of Dedovschina. The plot unfolds mostly on board of the prisoner transport rail car guarded by a unit of paramilitary conscripts.

</doc>
<doc id="31229302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229302" title="The Guard">
The Guard

The Guard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31229320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229320" title="Lockout (film)">
Lockout (film)

Lockout (also known as MS One: Maximum Security) is a 2012 English-language French science fiction action film directed by James Mather and Stephen Saint Leger, and written by Mather, Saint Leger, and Luc Besson. The film stars Guy Pearce, Maggie Grace, Vincent Regan, Joseph Gilgun, Lennie James, and Peter Stormare. "Lockout" follows Snow (Pearce), a man framed for a crime he did not commit, who is offered his freedom in exchange for rescuing the President's daughter Emilie (Grace) from the orbital prison "MS One", which has been overtaken by its inmates, led by Alex (Regan) and the psychotic Hydell (Gilgun).
Principal photography took place in Belgrade, Serbia. It premiered on 7 April 2012 at the Brussels International Festival of Fantasy Film, and was released on 13 April 2012 in North America and on 18 April 2012 in France.
Plot.
In 2079, CIA agent Snow is arrested for murdering undercover agent Frank Armstrong, who had uncovered evidence of another agent selling secrets about the space program. Secret Service director Scott Langral, on advice from the President, has Snow convicted of murder and espionage. Snow is sentenced to thirty years on the maximum security space penitentiary "MS One", where prisoners are kept in stasis for the length of their sentence. Snow's friend and fellow agent Harry Shaw tries to locate Snow's contact Mace, who knows where Frank's briefcase containing the stolen secrets is hidden.
Meanwhile, the President's daughter Emilie arrives on "MS One" to investigate claims that keeping prisoners in stasis can cause them to develop mental instability. The warden allows her to interview Hydell, a deranged prisoner. He manages to escape and releases all of the prisoners, starting a riot led by his brother Alex. Emilie is shot, and is captured along with others. Shaw convinces Langral and the President to send Snow to rescue Emilie, rather than risk her life in a siege. Snow is initially reluctant to go, but agrees after Shaw tells him that Mace is on "MS One" and could help Snow prove his innocence. Langral initially attempts to trick Alex into releasing Emilie, but it goes bad and Snow is forced to infiltrate "MS One". Alex realizes that Emilie is the President's daughter and secures her, but she escapes with her bodyguard Hock and they hide in a secure room. A problem with the oxygen supply forces Hock to commit suicide to give Emilie more air. 
Snow breaks into the secure room and rescues Emilie. Snow changes Emilie's hair to conceal her gender, allowing them to walk through the prison population without being noticed. They find Mace, but the stasis has given him dementia and made him incoherent. Snow and Emilie bring Mace with them and attempt to reach the escape pod. With no one at the helm, the prison falls out of orbit and crashes into the International Space Station. The collision causes a hull breach, killing Mace. Snow brings Emilie to the escape pod, but discovers it has only one seat, which causes him to realize that he has been sent there to die. He sends Emilie on her way, but she allows the pod to launch without her because she believes the remaining hostages will be killed. Hydell contacts Emilie and threatens the hostages unless she reveals her location; after she does, however, he kills them anyway.
Snow and Emilie discover evidence that the prisoners were being illegally used as test subjects. Alex finds and captures Emilie; he also shoots Snow, leaving him for dead. Alex learns that Hydell has killed all of the hostages; he contacts the President, threatening to let Hydell and the prisoners rape Emilie if they are not released. The President refuses to allow a siege and risk Emilie, causing Langral to temporarily relieve him of his command. Langral orders the destruction of "MS One". Hydell tries to rape Emilie as promised, but is stopped by Alex. Hydell and Alex fight, resulting in Alex's death. Hydell then tried to stab Emilie, but Snow arrives and knocks him out. Snow and Emilie flee from Hydell and the remaining prisoners. Meanwhile, Langral's men plant a bomb on the prison. Snow and Emilie use space suits and jump from "MS One" as it detonates. Using their suits, Snow and Emilie re-enter Earth's atmosphere and land safely in New York City, where Snow is arrested.
Emilie later realizes that Mace's incoherent rambling was actually a code revealing the location of Frank's briefcase. She retrieves the briefcase and meets with Shaw, who unlocks it but is shocked to find it empty. Snow notes that "he" had not given Shaw the unlocking code, and Shaw is revealed to be the mole and arrested. Snow is released and his possessions returned, including a lighter given to him by Frank before his death. Examining the lighter, Snow finds a memory card containing the real secret information hidden inside. Emilie meets Snow and teases him after discovering his first name is Marion; the pair walk away together.
Cast.
The cast also includes Jacky Ido as Hock, Emilie's bodyguard; Tim Plester as Mace, Snow's contact; Mark Tankersley as Barnes, the prison Warden; Anne-Solenne Hatte as Kathryn, Emilie's aide and friend; Peter Hudson as President Jeff Warnock, Emilie's father; and Miodrag Stevanovic as Frank Armstrong, a CIA agent.
Development.
Principal photography was scheduled to begin on 7 September 2010, in the Serbian capital city Belgrade. Much of the filming used green screens, rather than practical sets. The intended scenes were storyboarded in Dublin, Ireland to aid the actors in visualizing how the green screen scenes would appear after the completion of the CGI in post-production. Speaking about the experience, Grace stated: "You just have to suspend the voice in your head because you feel so silly reacting to nothing there. Having whole conversations with people that aren’t there. I felt a little crazy the first time around."
Luc Besson produced the film. Besson also co-wrote the script with directors James Mather and Stephen Saint Leger, the directors. 
FilmDistrict purchased the distribution rights to the film for a limited amount. In December 2011, FilmDistrict reached a deal to distribute its 2012 films including "Lockout" through Open Road Films for a fee.
Release.
The film was released on 13 April 2012, in North America.
Box office.
The film grossed $14,326,864 in the United States and Canada, and $17,877,166 from markets elsewhere for a total gross of $32,204,030.
"Lockout" opened to $6.23 million from 2,308 theaters in the United States and Canada – an average of $2,700 per theater – making it the number 9 film for the weekend. Pre-release tracking of the film had estimated that its opening weekend gross would be between $6–8 million. The film drew a large male audience, with men making up 65% of those in attendance and an even split between those under and over the age of 25.
Critical reception.
Although Guy Pearce's role was generally well received, critical reception of the film itself ranged from mixed to negative. The film earned a score of 48 out of 100 from 32 critics on review aggregate website Metacritic, indicating "mixed or average" reviews. It also garnered 38% approval from 114 critics on Rotten Tomatoes – an average score of 5 out of 10 – whose consensus reads: "Guy Pearce does the best he can with what he's given, but "Lockout" is ultimately too derivative and shallow to build on the many sci-fi thrillers it borrows from." CinemaScore polls reported that the average grade moviegoers gave the film was a "B−" on an A+ to F scale.
Lisa Schwarzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a C grade, writing: ""Lockout" floats like space junk in the final frontier." "Boxoffice" reported the film was, "A sleek, slick and shameless rip-off of John Carpenter's Snake Plissken films "Escape from New York" and "Escape from L.A.""
Home media.
"Lockout" was released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD on 17 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31229347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229347" title="Karen Sagle">
Karen Sagle

Karen Sagle (born December 15, 1986 in Ottawa) is a Canadian curler from Ottawa, Ontario. She twice represented Ontario at the Canadian Junior Curling Championships. The first time in 2005 with skip Erin Morrissey, and the second in 2007 with skip Hollie Nicol.
During the 2011-12 curling season, Sagle skipped her own rink on the World Curling Tour, playing in just one event, the 2011 Royal LePage OVCA Women's Fall Classic where her team went 4-3 and missed the playoffs. After the season, she joined the Lisa Farnell rink at second position. She won her first WCT event at the 2013 Challenge Chateau Cartier de Gatineau. 

</doc>
<doc id="31229350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229350" title="Lola Folman">
Lola Folman

Lola Folman (1908–1979) was a Polish Jewish singer and composer popular in Poland in the 1930s. 
Folman was a folk singer and soloist with the Moshe Shneur Choir in Warsaw and later a composer and performer in kleynkunst and revi-teater. Folman married lyricist Yitskhok Perlov (who wrote the words to her famous "Dos Baytshl Kreln").
Folman was also an actress and singer with the very successful traveling Melokhishe Yidishe Miniatur-Teater, created in Bialistock in 1939 by Shimon Dzigan and Israel Shumacher, directed by Moishe Broderzon, music director Shuel Berezovski, with actors Vladislav Godik (Willy Godnick), Yule Bregman, Shmuel Goldshteyn, Khile Shiper, Mina Bern, Yehude Berg, Hele Luksenburg, Shimon Osovitski, Mark Moravski, Mordkhe Rotsheyn, Felix Fibikh, Ber Shvartshtein, and Moyshe Nudelman. The troupe played in Odessa, from which it was evacuated to Kharkov and from there to Asia. It played for a short time in Ashkhabad and then ceased to exist.)
"Then Lola Folman, a woman of about thirty, slightly plump, dressed in short trousers fashioned, apparently, from an old floral dress and an open, sleeveless shirt - the finest of feminine fashion on the ship - climbed to the top of the companionway ladder. It was hard to guess, from her appearance, why she had gone up there, but when she opened her mouth and began to sing in a lovely clear strong voice, folk-songs from a world no longer extant, a shudder ran through the audience. ... Lola Folman sang a new song, "Exodus", which excited all of us and was cheered to the echo. The words were written by her husband Yitzhak Perlov."
Folman gave performances in the Bergen-Belsen displaced persons camp in 1948. She emigrated to New York and was buried in the Jewish cemetery in Queens, NY in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31229362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229362" title="Park Slope Historic District">
Park Slope Historic District

Park Slope Historic District is a national historic district in Park Slope, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It consists of 1,802 contributing buildings built between 1862 and about 1920. The 33 block district is almost exclusively residential and located adjacent to Prospect Park. It includes a variety of two and three story townhouses built in a variety of popular architectural styles of the late-19th and early 20th centuries.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="31229393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229393" title="Official Secretary to the Governor">
Official Secretary to the Governor

Official Secretary to the Governor or Official Secretary to the Governor-General is an office in the Government House in various British overseas territories and Commonwealth realms. A similar office may be retained in some of the former British territories. In some countries or territories the titles Private Secretary, Personal Secretary or simply Secretary are used instead of "Official Secretary". The Official Secretary is usually the general manager of the Government House, although he or she may have additional functions. In New Zealand and Canada, e.g., the Official Secretary is a civil service officer from the Prime Minister's Department or Office, but in Australia, the Official Secretary has become a position independent from the government.

</doc>
<doc id="31229408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229408" title="Ignatius Stelletskii">
Ignatius Stelletskii

Ignatius Yakovlevich Stelletskii (; February 3, 1878 - November 11, 1949) was a Russian and Soviet archaeologist, historian, and researcher of the underground tunnels of Moscow. He was known to make searches for the library of Ivan the Terrible all throughout his life. He is considered to be the founder of the Urban exploration movement in Russia.
Biography.
Early years.
Ignatius Stelletski was born on February 3, 1878 in a village in the territory of modern Ukraine. His mother was a secondary school teacher, and his father was a clergyman.
He graduated from the Kiev Theological Academy in 1905, and within half a year he was teaching history and geography at the Russian-Arab Seminary in Nazareth. During this period of his life he visited Egypt, Turkey, and Syria, where he became interested in archaeology. This passion was so strong that in 1907 he left his job to settle in Moscow, where he entered the Moscow Archaeological Institute.
In February 1912, Stelletskii organized the Commission for the Study of Underground Antiquities, which was built to study the underground tunnels of Moscow.
Later in the 1910s, Stelletskii began searching for the Library of Ivan the Terrible, even though historians doubted the existence of the supposed library. He attempted to obtain permission to conduct excavations in the Moscow Kremlin; however, the Tsarist government did not allow him to.
In 1914, while exploring the archives of Pärnu, Estonia, Stelletskii found “Dabelov’s Catalog of The Library of Ivan the Terrible.” Further studies were cut short because of World War I.
World War I and the Russian Civil War.
In August 1914, Stelletskii returned to Moscow because of World War I.
After the start of the Russian Civil War, Stelletskii became a Professor of the Ukrainian University, where he taught a course in Archaeology.
Work in Soviet Russia.
In the fall of 1923, Stelletskii returned to Russia once again. He began to search for books on the underground of the Kremlin. In 1925, he once again asked the Soviet government to allow him to search the Kremlin for the library. Finally, in 1929, the Soviet government allowed him. On December 1, 1933, excavations began, and were carried out under Arsenalnaya towers. In December 1934, the excavations were discontinued because of Sergey Kirov’s assassination.
Stelletskii also had plans to open a museum on the “Underground Tunnels of Moscow.”
World War II.
Stelletskii remained in Moscow during World War II. Despite suffering from hunger dystrophy, he prepared a manuscript of his book “Dead in Moscow Cache”, which was published several years later, in 1993.
It is believed that Stelletskii wanted to search the Kremlin yet again after the war was over to search the Kremlin, yet due to his health issues, he could not.
Death.
Stelletskii died on November 1, 1949, and was buried in the Vagankovo Cemetery.
His grave was lost after his burial, but in Spring 2010 a member of the Nekropolist society, (a Russian society composed of people obsessed with tombstones and notable dead people) found it, although it was in poor condition.
Nearly a year later, the America-based internet group Nerdfighteria, which is led by Hank and John Green started a project to find out all information about Ivan the Terrible’s lost library, and stumbled upon Stelletskii in several newspapers, such as the New York Times and the Calgary Herald. John announced the project over his and Hank's YouTube channel on March 18, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31229419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229419" title="Mariano Tullio Troia">
Mariano Tullio Troia

Mariano Tullio Troia (Palermo, September 3, 1933 – Viterbo, March 27, 2010) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia. He was on the "most wanted list" of the Italian ministry of the Interior since 1992 until his arrest in Palermo in September 1998.
High ranking Mafia boss.
Troia was the son of a Mafia boss that controlled the San Lorenzo neighbourhood of Palermo. For a long time Troia remained unknown to police investigators although he had reached a major role within Cosa Nostra as head of the mandamento of the neighbourhood of San Lorenzo. He was one of the most trusted lieutenants of the so-called boss of bosses Totò Riina. In the early 1990s his name emerged in statements of some collaborators of justice (pentiti), such as Gaspare Mutolo and Giuseppe Marchese. He substituted Giuseppe Giacomo Gambino who was jailed in 1986 as head of the San Lorenzo mandamento and on the Sicilian Mafia Commission.
Police received detailed information from Alberto Lo Cicero, former driver and confidant of Troia. Lo Cicero said that some Commission members of Cosa Nostra, including Riina, met in Troia’s villa in San Lorenzo. Lo Cicero became a pentito in August 1992 after surviving an ambush on December 20, 1991, and the killing of Antimafia judges Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in May and July 1992.
Fugitive and arrest.
In October 1992, he was indicted for the murder of Christian Democrat politician Salvo Lima, the right hand man of Prime minister Giulio Andreotti. His name also appeared as backer of the killing of Mario Prestifilippo and Giovanni Fici, assassinated in 1987 and 1988 to prevent retaliation after the elimination of the Mafia killer Pino "Little Shoe" Greco. 
He was put on Italy’s most wanted list. Italian police claimed Troia had moved to South Africa where he was being harboured by Salvatore Morettino, a naturalised South African citizen living in Houghton (a wealthy suburb of Johannesburg), according to Western Cape police intelligence in a March 1998 briefing. He was also in contact with Vito Roberto Palazzolo, a Sicilian businessman with ties to the Mafia.
He was arrested in Palermo on September 15, 1998. At the time, he was considered to be the number 3 of the Sicilian Mafia. He was captured on the second floor of a house in the Tommaso Natale neighbourhood in bed with the lady of the house while the woman's husband was asleep in downstairs in a room with her daughters.
Death.
Troia died on March 27, 2010, in the prison hospital of Viterbo. He participated in or, as member of the Commission, was held responsible for some 40 murders.

</doc>
<doc id="31229420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229420" title="2011 Sudirman Cup">
2011 Sudirman Cup

The 2011 Sudirman Cup was the twelfth tournament of the Sudirman Cup. It was held from May 22–29, 2011 in Qingdao, China. According to the Badminton World Federation (BWF) 32 teams have confirmed their participation, for the first time twelve teams competed in the elite group to battle for the title.
China defeated Denmark 3–0 in the final to win the Cup for the fourth consecutive time and eight time overall.
Seedings.
The seedings for teams competing in the tournament were released on March 9, 2011. It is based on aggregated points from the best players in the world ranking. The tournament will be divided into four groups, with twelve teams in the elite group competing for the title. Eight teams will be seeded into both the second and third groups, while only five teams will compete in the fourth group. The draw was held on April 17, 2011.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 1.
Knockout stage.
The draw for the quarterfinals was held after the completion of the final matches in the group stage on May 25, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31229423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229423" title="Prospect Heights Historic District (New York City)">
Prospect Heights Historic District (New York City)

Prospect Heights Historic District is a national historic district in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, New York City. It consists of 305 contributing buildings built between 1865 and about 1900. The district is almost exclusively residential and includes a variety of single family rowhouses and multiple dwellings. They are in a variety of architectural styles popular in the late-19th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31229442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229442" title="Patrick Hines">
Patrick Hines

Patrick Hines (1930–1985), born Mainer Patrick Hines, was an American actor who portrayed Kappelmeister Bonno in the 1984 film "Amadeus". He also appeared as Samuel Chase in the film "1776". Other films include "The Brinks Job", "Bloodrage" and "A Passage to India".
Stage.
On Broadway Hines was a character actor, he made his debut as Friar Pete in the 1957 production of "Measure for Measure" in a cast which included Norman Lloyd and Ellis Rabb. He created the role of Orsini-Rosenberg in the original New York production of "Amadeus" and appeared with Rex Harrison in the 1979 revival of Shaw's Caesar and Cleopatra in the role of Pothinus. Other shows include roles in "The Iceman Cometh", with Jason Robards Jr., "The Devils".
Death.
Patrick died in 1985 aged 55 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="31229459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229459" title="2011 European League Final Eight">
2011 European League Final Eight

The 2011 CERH European League Final Eight was the 46th edition of the CERH European League organized by CERH. It was held in May 2011 in Andorra la Vella, Andorra.
Arena.
The arena, that hosted the Final Eight - Andorra Sports Hall is the biggest multi-arena in Andorra la Vella. The seating capacity of the arena is 1750.
Competition.
Bracket.
Bracket for the Final Eight.

</doc>
<doc id="31229473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229473" title="Ell &amp; Nikki">
Ell &amp; Nikki

Ell & Nikki, also known as Eldar & Nigar, are an Azerbaijani pop duo consisting of singers Eldar Gasimov and Nigar Jamal. On 14 May 2011 they won the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 for Azerbaijan with their entry "Running Scared". It was the country's first ever win at the contest. Although Nigar Jamal represented Azerbaijan, she lives in Enfield, North London.
Band history.
National final constellation.
Gasimov and Jamal separately took part in the Azerbaijani national selection, "Milli Seçim Turu 2011". They qualified from the semi-finals along with three other artists to the final on 11 February 2011, where they won the right to represent Azerbaijan at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany in May 2011. Although it was originally planned to send an individual as Azerbaijan, when the winner was announced, İTV had decided that both Eldar and Nigar would be going to Germany as a duo.
Eurovision win.
In the 2011 Eurovision song contest Eldar Gasimov and Nigar Jamal performed together under the duo name Ell & Nikki. As the contest was taking place in a Western European country, the name change was made to prevent confusion of Jamal's first name being interpreted as a racial slur. Their entry, named "Running Scared", was written by Stefan Örn and Sandra Bjurman from Sweden and Iain Farguhanson from the UK. The duo were aided significantly by the four Swedish backing singers, including Jessica Marberger and Vera Prada who had earlier in the year attempted to represent Sweden as part of Shirley's Angels.
They were the overall winners of the Eurovision final on 14 May which meant that Azerbaijan has the right to host the Eurovision Song Contest 2012.
2011–present: After Eurovision.
Since winning the Eurovision final 2011, Jamal and Gasimov travelled to many European countries to perform their winning entry in the contest. The singers also received "Peace and Friendship Award" in Zonguldak’s Ereğli district for carrying a Turkish flag onstage during final scene. Azerbaijan and Germany have issued a postage stamp dedicated to Azerbaijan’s victory with Gasimov and Jamal at Eurovision.
In 2011, Ell and Nikki became the official faces of Nar Mobile, one of Azerbaijan's mobile communication providers.
When asked about planning to continue to work together in an interview to "Daily Mail", Nigar Jamal said that the duo are planning to pursue a solo career at the moment, but did not rule out the possibility of more joint projects with Eldar Gasimov in the future.
In 2013, the duo recorded their second song named "Music's Still Alive". The song was written as a tribute to Michael Jackson and released on 29 August 2013, the late singer's birthday. Both Gasimov and Jamal describe themselves as Jackson's fans.

</doc>
<doc id="31229475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229475" title="Hyaline shield">
Hyaline shield

The hyaline shield is a part of the radula in many kinds of molluscs. It serves as an attachment point for the muscles that retract the radula, and it thus located on the upper surface of the radula, arching backwards into the mouth. This retraction fires any food particles backwards into the mouth.
The hyaline shield is constructed from chitin.
The features is present in most radula-bearing molluscan groups, including the cephalopods and the chitons.

</doc>
<doc id="31229478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229478" title="Marketing brochure">
Marketing brochure

The term "marketing brochure" refers to a small document, or pamphlet, which describes and promotes various products or services to be marketed. Some companies have developed computer printing software to generate marketing brochures,
which might be available for use at a public library. However, it is common for a company to have a marketing brochure prepared by a professional printing company (or department) which has experience in creating such documents. As compared to a flyer or a handbill, a printed brochure usually has higher-quality paper and more color, and is folded or stapled at the seam.
Because the goal of a marketing brochure is typically to assist in sales or distribution of products and services, the wording in the brochure is often very positive, with "glowing terms" to describe the features and benefits being offered. It is unlikely for a marketing brochure to list major complaints customers have stated about the products, in an effort to avoid any negative aspects about those products or services. The focus is typically on persuasion, to encourage people to want to obtain the items being described in the brochure.
Origin of term.
The term "marketing brochure" dates back many decades, such as for advertising new automobile features of the 1955 Ford Thunderbird.

</doc>
<doc id="31229486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229486" title="State Street Houses">
State Street Houses

State Street Houses describes 23 Greek Revival and Italianate rowhouses built between 1847 and 1874 and located at 291-299 (odd) and 290-324 (even) State Street between Smith and Hoyt Streets in the Boerum Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. The construction of the houses was part of the transformation of the formerly rural area into a fashionable new residential neighborhood.
The houses, which are three stories high on raised basements and feature the same cornice lines and similar window heights, were designated New York City landmarks in 1973, and are the contributing properties to a national historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31229501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229501" title="Johnny Thomas">
Johnny Thomas

Johnny Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31229505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229505" title="Caratti">
Caratti

Caratti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31229519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229519" title="Supreme Military Council (Nigeria 1966)">
Supreme Military Council (Nigeria 1966)

The Supreme Military Council was the body that ruled Nigeria after the coup d'état in 1966, which was followed by several Military Coups in Nigeria between 1966 and 1999.
According to a Constitutional Decree, published in Lagos on March 17, 1967 legislative and executive power was vested in the Supreme Military Council. The Chairman of the Council was the head of the Military Government.
The Supreme Military Council consisted of the Regional Military Governors and the Military Administrator of the Federal Territory, the Heads of the Nigerian Army, Navy and Air Force, the Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces and the Inspector-General of Police or his Deputy.
The Supreme Military Council could delegate powers to a Federal Executive council, predominantly composed of civilian Commissioners.
President of the Supreme Military Council was Maj.-Gen. Yakubu Gowon, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces.
Members (in 1970).
The Military Governors of the twelve states of the federation were "ex-offcio" members of the committee.

</doc>
<doc id="31229524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229524" title="Ruger LC9">
Ruger LC9

The Ruger LC9 (standing for "Lightweight Compact 9mm") is a 9mm caliber, recoil-operated, locked breech, double action only, semi-automatic pistol announced by Sturm, Ruger & Co. at the 2011 SHOT Show. This pistol has safety features, including but not limited to a loaded chamber indicator and magazine disconnect safety, that allow it to be sold in both California and Massachusetts.
Overview.
The LC9 has a barrel, and is long and tall. The LC9 is wide, and weighs with an empty magazine. It features a black polymer (glass-filled nylon) frame and blued alloy steel slide and barrel. The gun ships with one magazine, including two interchangeable base pads—one that fits flush with the frame, and the other (fitted to the magazine from the factory) that provides a grip extension of about . The Ruger LC9 was chosen as the Shooting Industry Academy of Excellence's Handgun of the Year in 2011.
In 2013, Ruger released a 9 round extended magazine for the LC9.
Ruger LC380.
The LC380 is a .380 ACP caliber pistol that has the more advanced design elements of the LC9 compared to the more basic design of the Ruger LCP

</doc>
<doc id="31229531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229531" title="Todd Holmes">
Todd Holmes

Todd Brian Holmes (born 14 July 1979) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
A half back from Kalgoorlie, Holmes was only able to make seven appearances in the seniors and twice finished a game without a disposal.
Holmes never once played in a win while with the Eagles but had more success in the WAFL where he was a Subiaco premiership player in 2004 and 2006. Despite playing 20 games in 1997, he missed selection in the grand final but did play in the reserves premiership.
He represented the Western Australian interstate football team on two occasions, having previously represented his state in the Under-17s and Under-18s.

</doc>
<doc id="31229545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229545" title="Empire State of Mind (book)">
Empire State of Mind (book)

Empire State of Mind: How Jay-Z Went From Street Corner to Corner Office is a non-fiction book written by Zack O'Malley Greenburg, published in March 2011. The book is an unauthorized biography of American rapper and businessman, Jay-Z, detailing his road to success in business and music. The title of the book is a reference to "Empire State of Mind", a 2009 single by Jay-Z featuring Alicia Keys. This is Greenburg's first book.
Synopsis.
From the official blurb: 
Notable sources include hip-hop luminaries such as DJ Clark Kent, Questlove of The Roots, Damon Dash, Fred "Fab 5 Freddy” Brathwaite, MC Serch; NBA stars Jamal Crawford and Sebastian Telfair; and recording industry executives including Craig Kallman, CEO of Atlantic Records. Greenburg also reveals new information on Jay-Z’s various business dealings, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="31229548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229548" title="Apayao Provincial Board">
Apayao Provincial Board

The Apayao Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan or provincial legislature of the Philippine province of Antique.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each sending four members to the provincial board; the electorate votes for four members, with the four candidates with the highest number of votes being elected. The vice governor is the "ex officio" presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
List of members.
An additional two "ex officio" members are the presidents of the provincial chapter of the Association of Barangay Captains and the Sangguniang Kabataan provincial president; the municipal and city (if applicable) presidents of the Association of Barangay Captains, and Sangguniang Kabataan, shall elect amongst themselves their provincial presidents which shall be their representatives at the board.

</doc>
<doc id="31229567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229567" title="XE166 family">
XE166 family

The Infineon XE166 family is a 16-bit microcontroller family, first introduced in 2007. The XE166 can be found in applications like servo drivers, appliance motors, industrial pumps, transportation and power supplies.
Key features.
The XE166 family uses the Infineon/STMicroelectronics proprietary C166 16-bit core in a version which also contains a 32-bit MAC unit. Core frequency ranges from 40 to 100 MHz, embedded flash from 32 KB to 1.6 MB, and RAM up to 138 KB. The microcontroller, containing an embedded voltage regulator, can run from a single power supply between 3 and 5 V.
Architecture.
CPU.
The central processing unit (CPU) of the XE166 microcontroller family is principally fetching and decoding instructions, to supply, perform operations and store calculated result on the operands for the arithmetic logic unit (ALU) and the MAC unit.
As the CPU is the main engine of the XE166 microcontroller, it is also affected by certain actions of the peripheral subsystem. Because a five-stage processing pipeline (plus two-stage fetch pipeline) is implemented in the XE166, up to five instructions can be processed in parallel. Most instructions of the XE166 are executed in a single clock cycle due to this parallelism.
Development tools.
Evaluation kits.
There are "Easy Kits" for evaluation of the controller features and "Application Kits" as a quick start for specific applications available. The main applications are in the industrial field, like electric motor control, automation and solar inverters.

</doc>
<doc id="31229577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229577" title="Diving at the Pan American Games">
Diving at the Pan American Games

Diving has been a sport of the Pan American Games since the 1951 games.

</doc>
<doc id="31229578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229578" title="National Revolutionary Command Council (Sudan)">
National Revolutionary Command Council (Sudan)

The National Revolutionary Council was the body that ruled Sudan after the coup d'état in May 1969. It was disbanded in October 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31229584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229584" title="Sparrevohn Air Force Station">
Sparrevohn Air Force Station

Sparrevohn Air Force Station (AAC ID: F-15, LRR ID: A-06) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located southwest of Fairbanks, Alaska. 
The ground control intercept (GCI) station was closed on 1 November 1983, and was re-designated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) site as part of the Alaska Radar System. Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air Support Group, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
History.
Sparrevohn AFS was a continental defence radar station constructed to provide the United States Air Force early warning of an attack by the Soviet Union on Alaska. 
Construction of the station began in January 1953 and was completed in October 1955. The Army Transportation Corps undertook the project. The radar station site was located on the summit at 3,400' (top camp), with a ground support station on a slight ridge between 1,600 and 1,800' at the base of the summit . Access to the radars was initially by a road built up the side of the mountain, later a cable tramway was built. The tramway cables were constantly breaking because of high winds and ice, and fog and the extreme cold made repairs hazardous. Ice 16 inches thick built up on the cables in winter.
The station was one of the most difficult to construct, and one of the most expensive in Alaska. All supplies and equipment initially had to be disassembled then the pieces parachuted to the site by aircraft; and many times the equipment landed in wilderness instead of the clared base site area. Bears were a hazard and the initial construction crew had to winter over in the sub-zero environment in hastily-constructed Quonset hut; working in the elements. In the spring of 1955, Army engineers constructed a 4,000 ft gravel runway airstrip adjacent to the base site, which allowed transports to bring in supplies, equipment and other material directly without the need for airdrops by parachute.
The station consisted of a power/heating plant, water and fuel storage tanks, gymnasium and other support office buildings. Two other buildings contained living quarters, work areas, and recreational facilities plus opportunities for such sports as skiing, skating, horseshoes, and basketball. The station buildings were, except for the civil engineering building connected by heated hallways. As a result, personnel stationed there, with only very few exceptions, were able to wear "summer" uniforms year round, unless they had a need to go outside during the winter season. The coverings of the station's three radar towers were heated from within to keep the covering from becoming brittle from extreme cold, and thus subject to being damaged or destroyed by high winds. Tours at the station were limited to one year because of the psychological strain and physical hardships. 
The 719th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, activated in March 1954, operated AN/CPS-5 AN/CPS-4 AN/FPS-3, AN/FPS-20A and AN/FPS-66 radars at the top site. The top site was a mini-station by itself, where twelve airmen lived; two radio maintenance, nine radar maintenance, and the most important person the cook. Barracks were connected between the radomes. Between the domes were other barracks rooms and the dayroom/library/kitchen/movie theater.
The station operated as a long-range surveillance radar station which provided information 24/7 to the air defense Direction Center at King Salmon AFS where it was analyzed to determine range, direction altitude speed and whether or not aircraft were friendly or hostile. An AN/FYQ-9 Semiautomatic Data Processing and Display System was installed and became operational in July 1965, eliminating the need to pass track data manually.
Communications were initially provided by a high frequency radio system which proved unreliable because of atmospheric disturbances. The Alaskan Air Command, after investigating various options, decided to build the White Alice Communications System, a system of Air Force-owned tropospheric scatter and microwave radio relay sites operated by the Air Force Communications Service (AFCS). The Tatalina site was activated in 1957. It was inactivated in 1979, and replaced by an Alascom owned and operated satellite earth terminal as part of an Air Force plan to divest itself of the obsolete White Alice Communications System and transfer the responsibility to a commercial firm.
Over the years, the equipment at the station was upgraded or modified to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the information gathered by the radars. In 1983, Sparrevohn received a new AN/FPS-117 minimally attended radar under Alaskan Air Command's Seek Igloo program. It was designed to transmit aircraft tracking data via satellite to the Alaskan NORAD Regional Operations Control Center (ROCC) at Elmendorf AFB. 
No longer needed, the 719th ACWS was inactivated on l November 1983 and the station re-designated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) Site. This left only contractor personnel to maintain the site radar. In 1990, jurisdiction of the Sparrevohn LRR Site was transferred to Eleventh Air Force with the re-designation of AAC.
In 1998 Pacific Air Forces initiated "Operation Clean Sweep", in which abandoned Cold War stations in Alaska were remediated and the land restored to its previous state. After years of neglect the facilities at the station had lost any value they had when the site was closed. The site remediation was carried out by the 611th Civil Engineering Squadron at Elmendorf AFB, and remediation work was completed by 2005.
Current status.
Today very little of the former Sparrevohn Air Force Station remains. The site is controlled by the Pacific Air Forces 611th Air Support Group, based at Elmendorf AFB. Contractor access to the site to support the FPS-117 is by the Sparrevohn LRRS Airport. 
It is generally unattended, A few civilian contractors access the site for maintaining the facilities. and a new ground support structure was erected on the site of the former bottom camp for storage of equipment, vehicles, and for brief overnight stays by support personnel.
Air Force units and assignments.
Units:
Assignments:

</doc>
<doc id="31229587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229587" title="Stuyvesant Heights Historic District">
Stuyvesant Heights Historic District

Stuyvesant Heights Historic District is a national historic district in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It consists of 577 contributing residential buildings built between about 1870 and 1900. The district encompasses 17 individual blocks (13 identified in 1975 and four new in 1996). The buildings within the district consist primarily of two and three-story rowhouses with high basements, with a few multiple dwellings and institutional structures. The district includes the Our Lady of Victory Catholic Church, the Romanesque Revival style Mount Lebanon Baptist Church, and St. Phillip's Episcopal Church.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and expanded in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31229591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229591" title="Her Bright Skies">
Her Bright Skies

Her Bright Skies is a Swedish post-hardcore band based in Jönköping
History.
HBS consists of Johan "Jaybee" Brolin (vocals), Niclas "Nikki" Sjostedt (guitar), Petter "Pete" Nilsson (guitar, vocals), and Joakim "Jolle" Karlsson (bass guitar, vocals). The first CD was released in 2007 and is called "Beside Quiet Waters". The EP was produced on their own.
Just one year later their debut full-length album called "A Sacrament; Ill City" followed. The album was produced at "District 19 Records". Their second full-length CD is called "Causing a Scene" and was produced at Swedish Independent record label "Panic & Action". Causing a Scene was released in 2010. The same year HBS played at Pier Pressure Festival together with Thirty Seconds to Mars, HIM, Pendulum and Paramore. The Used cancelled their gig at Pier Pressure. The band shared stage with Swedish Metalcore band and label mates Adept through Germany and with Bring Me the Horizon through Scandinavia.
HBS co-headlined "Panic & Action Tour" with Kid Down through Sweden. The band played concerts in Germany, Norway, Austria and the Netherlands.
In June 2011 HBS shared stage at "Siesta Festivalen" together with Asking Alexandria, ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, August Burns Red, Adept, Bullet and many other bands.
They recently finished their second tour around the United States, and released their third album "Rivals."

</doc>
<doc id="31229596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229596" title="Mihalarias Art Center">
Mihalarias Art Center

The Mihalarias Art Center was established in Kolonaki in the center of Athens, Greece in 1984. It went on to open other branches in the city, at the Kifissia Gallery and at the Art City in Malakassa. 
The gallery Mihalarias Art was officially opened in Kifissia in May 2005. Stavros Mihalarias, experienced in the establishment of art centers like the neo-classical houses in Athens and the contemporary Art City in Malakasa, renovated the listed building on Kifissias Avenue and Diligianni with the aim of creating a multifaced art gallery.
Built in the beginning of the 20th century, this building is a jewel in the center of Kifissia with an outside area designed to host exhibitions of sculpture. Paintings and sculptures by Greek and international artists of the 19th and 20th centuries, antiquities, icons and many other works of art are on permanent exhibition in its rooms. Periodical shows and exhibitions in collaboration with international galleries are also organized.

</doc>
<doc id="31229600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229600" title="Bagby (disambiguation)">
Bagby (disambiguation)

Bagby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31229611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229611" title="Electoral history of John Conyers">
Electoral history of John Conyers

This is the electoral history of John Conyers, the second most senior member of the United States House of Representatives. He was first elected in 1964, and re-elected in every subsequent election.
Almanac.
! colspan="6" style="background:#cff;"|United States Congressional service
! Dates
! Congress
! Chamber
! Majority
! President
! District
Election results.
! Year
! Democrat
! Votes
!
! Republican
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
! Year
! Democrat
! Votes
!
! Republican
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
! Year
! Democrat
! Votes
!
! Republican
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
!

</doc>
<doc id="31229628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229628" title="Henry Hanlon">
Henry Hanlon

Bishop Dr Henry Hanlon MHM (7 January 1862-18 August 1937) was an English Roman Catholic bishop, belonging to the order of the Mill Hill Missionaries.
He was ordained Priest on the 21 September 1889 for the Mill Hill Missionaries and travelled to Northern India, where he served until 1894 when he was recalled to Rome to be appointed the first Vicar Apostolic of Upper Nile District of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tororo, being consecrated 17 July 1894 and taking the title of Titular Archbishop of Teos. He was then sent to lead the first band of four Mill Hill missionaries into the African interior, they arrived in Kampala on 26 September 1895 after walking from Mombassa. 
Upon arrival Bishop Hanlon and his missionaries were received by Kabaka Mwanga, who offered them land on Nsambya Hill where they established their mission station, today the site is occupied by the large Catholic Church of St. Peter, he founded new parishes at Budaka and Masaba in 1901 and at Nyondo in 1906. In 1903 he bought a congregation of the Fransciscan Sisters of St Joseph from Manchester to Kampala where they established a school and a hospital for the local district.
He continued in that position until 17 November 1911 when he resigned, becoming then Vicar Apostolic Emeritus.
Bishop Hanlon returned to England and began Parish work in his native Diocese of Salford. In 1915 he became Missionary Rector at the Church of St Alban, Blackburn where he would remain until ill health forced his retirement in 1934. Along with Auxiliary Bishop John Vaughan, Bishop Hanlon took on many episcopal duties with the diocese to assist Bishop Louis Casartelli, who suffered from ill health through much of his episcopate. He died in 1937 at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="31229644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229644" title="Riverside Cemetery (Lewiston, Maine)">
Riverside Cemetery (Lewiston, Maine)

Riverside Cemetery is a cemetery in Lewiston, Maine. The cemetery is located on the bank of the Androscoggin River which flows through Lewiston. In August 2010, the cemetery was heavily vandalized, with many headstones knocked over and some destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="31229660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229660" title="Ana Julaton">
Ana Julaton

Ana Julaton (born Luciana Bonifacio Julaton, 5 July 1980) is a Filipino American boxer. She was the first to win the Women's WBO Super Bantamweight and IBA Super Bantamweight titles. Nicknamed “The Hurricane,” she is also one of the “quickest” boxers ever to win a world title, having fought just five previous professional bouts before winning the IBA Super Bantamweight title.
Career.
Early career.
Julaton was born on 5 July 1980 in San Francisco, California. Despite her father making her train in martial arts when she was little, she had no interest in boxing whatsoever. It was only while working as a bok-fu instructor, at the West Wind Martial Arts and Boxing School in Berkeley, California, that Julaton was introduced to boxing through a lecture session organized by her now trainer-manager, Angelo Reyes.
Amateur career.
Julaton made her amateur boxing debut in 2004, managing to win silver in the San Francisco Golden Gloves despite having officially trained for just two weeks. After delivering a good performance at the National Golden Gloves in 2005, Julaton would be taken under the wing of two-division world champion Carina Moreno and trainer Rick Noble, further improving her craft.
By 2007, she was ranked second among all female amateur boxers in the USA, and took part in the unsuccessful campaign to include women's boxing in the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Professional career.
At this point, Julaton decided to turn pro, and approached veteran trainer Freddie Roach. Impressing Roach with her work ethic — even sparring against male fighters — Julaton eventually became part of Roach's large stable of boxers, alongside Filipino boxing legend Manny Pacquiao and former world champion Gerry Peñalosa.
She was scheduled to make her pro debut against Hondi Hernandez on the undercard of the Pacquiao-Barrera rematch in October 2007, but her fight was canceled when Hernandez failed to make weight. Julaton instead fought and won against Rita Valentini a month later. This was followed by several other successful fights, culminating in her first title win against Kelsey “The Road Warrior” Jeffries on 12 September 2009 for the vacant International Boxing Association super bantamweight title in women's boxing.
Now trained by Nonito Donaire Sr., father of boxer Nonito Donaire Jr., Julaton followed up that win by defeating Donna Biggers and becoming the first female World Boxing Organization Super Bantamweight champion on 4 December 2009. Her next fight was on 27 March 2010, against boxer Lisa Brown for the vacant World Boxing Association junior featherweight title.
MMA career.
Julaton signed a contract with ONE FC to fight in women's mixed martial arts. She is a black belt in Bok Fu, an aggressive martial arts system that combines the 5 animals of Shaolin – Tiger, Crane, Panther, Snake, and Dragon – with Kenpo Karate and Shotokan. She is also a black belt in Taekwondo
Julaton made her debut at on May 2, 2014 against Aya-Saeid Saber. She was successful in her debut, winning the fight via TKO in the third round.
Achievements.
Professional career.
"2009"
Amateur Record.
"2007"
"2006"
"2005"
"2004"

</doc>
<doc id="31229665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229665" title="The Best of Willie Nelson">
The Best of Willie Nelson

The Best of Willie Nelson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31229694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229694" title="Mama Tour">
Mama Tour

The Mama Tour was a North American and United Kingdom concert tour by English rock band Genesis. The tour began in November 1983 and ended in February 1984 in Birmingham, England. Birmingham dates at National Exhibition Centre in February 1984 were filmed for a video release entitled "Genesis: The Mama Tour".
Setlist.
§ - "not included in video release"

</doc>
<doc id="31229700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229700" title="Marc Dal Maso">
Marc Dal Maso

Marc Dal Maso (born Escalans, 14 February 1967) is a former French rugby union player and a current coach. He played as a hooker.
Athletic career.
He played for Stade Montois, moving then to SU Agen. He then played for Colomiers (1998/99-1999/2000), Section Paloise (2000/01) and USA Perpignan (2000/01-2002/03). His best results were with the Challenge Yves du Manoir in 1992 for SU Agen, and finishing in 2nd place at the France Championship, in 1999/2000, for Colomiers after twisting his knee and missing three weeks. He also was runners-up to the European Challenge Cup in 1998 for SU Agen.
Dal Maso had 33 caps for France from 1988 to 2000, scoring 4 tries, 20 points in aggregate. He was called for the 1999 Rugby World Cup, playing in four games, including the final, where France was the surprise presence, even losing by 35-12 to Australia. He played 4 times at the Five Nations Championship, in 1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000. He was a member of the winning team in 1997 and 1998, both times with a Grand Slam.
Coaching career.
He became a coach, after ending his player career, leading USA Limoges from the Fédérale 1 to the Pro D2 in 2005/06. He resigned the following season, after his team relegation. He became forwards coach at the Stade Montois at the 2007/08 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31229702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229702" title="Aftab Hasan">
Aftab Hasan

Aftab Hasan (Urdu: آفتاب حسن) commonly known as Major Aftab (ميجر آفتاب), was an educationist, linguist, and instrumental in introducing science education in the Pakistani public school system. He was among the leading modern Urdu scholars of 20th-century.

</doc>
<doc id="31229705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229705" title="Age (song)">
Age (song)

"Age" is a song written and recorded by Jim Croce and his wife Ingrid. The song was first recorded in 1969 on their self-titled album. Jim Croce would record the song again, this time without Ingrid, for his final album "I Got a Name" in 1973. Jerry Reed's cover of the song was released as a single in 1980 on his tribute album to Croce, and it peaked at thirty-six on the "Billboard" country chart.
Content.
Age is about a change in the narrator’s disposition after an experience over time where he went from having a lot of success to a little because of bad choices. The speaker regrets losing his ideals, which has caused him to be right back where he started from before his success. After losing everything he is working his way back to the top and is using his experience to better himself the second time around. The narrator will be careful climbing to success because "when you're down nobody gives a damn anyway"

</doc>
<doc id="31229707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229707" title="2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Marrakech – Singles">
2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Marrakech – Singles

Jarkko Nieminen was the defending champion, but chose not to compete this year.<br>
Rui Machado defeated Maxime Teixeira 6–3, 6–7(7), 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31229708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229708" title="Aurora Provincial Board">
Aurora Provincial Board

The Aurora Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Antique.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each sending four members to the provincial board; the electorate votes for four members, with the four candidates with the highest number of votes being elected. The vice governor is the "ex officio" presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
List of members.
An additional two "ex officio" members are the presidents of the provincial chapter of the Association of Barangay Captains and the Sangguniang Kabataan provincial president; the municipal and city (if applicable) presidents of the Association of Barangay Captains, and Sangguniang Kabataan, shall elect amongst themselves their provincial presidents which shall be their representatives at the board.

</doc>
<doc id="31229714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229714" title="Max Lilienthal">
Max Lilienthal

Max Lilienthal (November 6, 1815 – April 6, 1882) was a German-born adviser for the reform of Jewish schools in Russia and later a rabbi and proponent of Reform Judaism in the United States.
Life and religion.
Work for Russian Government.
Max Lilienthal held a doctorate from the University of Munich when Ludwig Philippson recommended him to head a school inspired by the Enlightenment in Riga, then a part of the Russian Empire. He arrived in Riga in 1840. He made a greater impact with the Minister of National Enlightenment, Sergey Uvarov, with that he did with the school. The next year, Uvarov summoned Lilienthal to serve as the Ministry of National Enlightenment's "learned Jew." Lilienthal's most important task was to convince the Jews of the importance of enlightened education.
Lilienthal summoned committees from the various Jewish communities in the Pale of Settlement to provide recommendations on the reform of the schools, but the notion of reform was so controversial that many boycotted. Nonetheless, Lillienthal embarked on ambitious plans for the creation of Haskalah inspired schools in Russia. He invited his peers in Central Europe to come teach at Russian schools. Lilienthal did not understand the degree to which the Russian Jews resented having a foreign-inspired education imposed upon them. They saw Lilienthal as an agent of the tsarist government, which they believed wanted to convert them to Russian Orthodox Christianity. 
As Pauline Wengeroff wrote in her memoirs decades later, "Dr. Lilienthal made it a point to gather many of Brest's young people around him every day, speaking to them of acquiring West European learning, offering useful bits of advice, sketching out their future as men of culture. He won the hearts of these impressionable young people who, while remaining true to their parents' religion in matters of observance, were branching off into new paths in all other respects, turning even further from the cultural orientation of the older generation."
An 1844 law which ordered the creation of schools in which young Jews would learn secular subjects as well as Jewish religion was a victory for the Lilienthal and the Jewish Haskalah, but Lilienthal left Russia shortly afterward. His motivation for the sudden exit remains a topic of debate among scholars. According to traditional Jewish writers, particularly in the Chabad tradition, his departure was prompted by allegations from within the Haskala movement of the misappropriation of funds, leading to a Russian governmental investigation.
In the United States.
Lilienthal served as a rabbi for several years after his arrival in New York City in 1845, including at the Anshe Chesed Synagogue. He opened a Jewish school in 1850. In 1855, he moved to Cincinnati to become an editor of The American Israelite and serve as rabbi of Congregation Bene Israel. As a rabbi in Cincinnati, he promoted Reform Judaism. He wrote for several publications and was an advocate for both Jewish and secular schools, teaching at Hebrew Union College and serving on the Cincinnati board of education.
Lilienthal was later an active supporter of rhe movement to abolish slavery in the United States, though a few American Jews were themselves slaveholders and disagreed strongly with his position. 

</doc>
<doc id="31229726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229726" title="The Blue Room">
The Blue Room

The Blue Room may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31229734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229734" title="Micheletto Corella">
Micheletto Corella

Micheletto Corella (Micheletto Coreglia, Michele de Corella or Miquel de Corella) was a Valencian condottiero born on an unknown date in València. He was killed in Milan in January 1508.
Biography.
Known as "Valentino's executioner", he and Cesare Borgia were thought to be close friends since childhood, going on to accompany one another during their studies at the University of Pisa.
On 23 December 1499, a Don Michele de Corella and the Bishop of Trani were left in Forli as lieutenants in Cesare Borgia's army around the time of the seizure of Forli. 
In March, 1502, Corella was left by Cesare as his governor in Piombino. Corella was then despatched to Pesaro with Ramiro de Lorqua under the order of Cesare Borgia in October, 1502. With his lances, on his way to Pesaro, Corella heard of the insurgence of the rebelling Fossombrone and Pergola, and ventured to those towns to sack them pitilessly as punishment.
Machiavelli describes a conversation Corella had with Oliverotto da Fermo on 31 December 1502: "Therefore Don Michele rode off and joined Oliverotto, telling him that it was not right to keep his men out of their quarters, because these might be taken up by the men of the duke; and he advised him to send them at once to their quarters and to come himself to meet the duke." 
On the night of 31 December 1502, Vitellozzo Vitelli and Oliverotto da Fermo, who had been arrested under Cesare's command, were strangled to death, supposedly by Corella (hinted in Machiavelli's letter of 31 December).
In November 1503, Michele da Corella and della Volpe had gone north with seven hundred horse to support Cesare's Romagnuoli but the group were defeated in Tuscany by the army of Gianpaolo Baglioni (Rafael Sabatini, The Life of Cesare Borgia, Chapter III: Julius II) After Micheletto Corella and della Volpe were taken prisoner in 1503, Corella was first imprisoned in Florence and then in Rome where he was questioned and tortured. However, he refused to reveal the many secrets he knew about the Borgias.
He was liberated by Julius II in 1505, and thanks to Niccolò Machiavelli's mediation, was hired by Florence as bargello. He held this position for two years, until 1507.
He was killed in Milan in 1508 by some fellow countrymen although the instigator is unknown.
Historian Rafael Sabatini described Micheletto Corella as follows: "Corella was a captain of foot, a soldier of fortune, who from the earliest days of Cesare's military career had followed the duke's fortunes- the very man who is alleged to have strangled Alfonso of Aragon by Cesare's orders. He is generally assumed to have been a Spaniard, and is commonly designated as Micheletto, or Don Miguel; but Alvisi supposes him, from his name of Corella, to have been a Venetian, and he tells us that by his fidelity to Cesare and the implicit manner in which he executed his master's orders, he earned - as is notorious- considerable hatred." (Rafael Sabatini, The Life of Cesare Borgia Chapter XII: Lucrezia's Third Marriage.)

</doc>
<doc id="31229751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229751" title="Delaware gubernatorial election, 2012">
Delaware gubernatorial election, 2012

The 2012 Delaware gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 2012, to elect the Governor of Delaware. Incumbent Democratic Governor Jack Markell won re-election to a second term, defeating Republican challenger Jeff Cragg.
General election.
Democrat and Republican candidates were unopposed in their party primaries, which were held on September 11. The Green Party candidate was endorsed by the Green Party of Delaware at their annual meeting on May 11. http://gpde.us/2012-green-party-candidates/local-candidates/
Results.
Note: The ±% column reflects the change in total number of votes won by each party from the previous election. Neither the vote shares nor the turnout figures account for write-ins. Turnout percentage is the portion of registered voters (632,805 as of 11/1/2012) who voted.

</doc>
<doc id="31229760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229760" title="Linni Meister">
Linni Meister

Linni Irene Meister (born December 4, 1985) is a Norwegian glamour model, pop singer and sex columnist for "FHM" magazine who lives in Oslo. Meister has a German father and a Norwegian mother. Meister grew up in Slependen in Bærum. Meister first claimed fame in the now defunct Team Aylar which was a group of glamour models including Elita Löfblad and Aylar Lie. Meister became a household name when she was a Joker contestant on Robinsonekspedisjonen 2007 in Norway where she placed fourth, and was much mentioned in the media. Meister is most known abroad for her music single "My Ass", which was released as promotion for the hit horror-comedy film "Dead Snow". In the music video Meister appears nude for some parts of it, which created a stir in media.
TV.
Between 2008 and 2009 she had her own segment on the TV2 youth program Waschera, were Linni tried on a number of different jobs to more or less success. In one episode Linni Meister get taught on how to become a stripper, which was highly publicized in Norway. Since 2010 she has her own television show on TV2 Bliss called Linni which follows her life as a glamour model.
Music career.
Meister began singing at an early age and began choir practice at age seven. Her professional music career began in the summer of 2007 after her participation in Robinsonekspedisjonen 2007 when she recorded a cover of Destiny's Child's hit song "Survivor", which was released by C+C Records. It was panned by critics amongst them the main Norwegian newspaper VG. The year after she recorded the song "Where my limo at" an ironic song about the life in the spotlight, and in May 2009 she released the music single "My Ass" the song entered the iTunes Stores list over the 100 most sold music singles in Norway. "My Ass" was released in connection and for extra promotion for the Norwegian hit horror-comedy film "Død snø" and the music video were Linni appears in the nude received a lot of extra attention both for Meister and the film itself.
Other ventures.
In 2006 Meister was robbed of her private films containing pornographic material with her then boyfriend "Big Brother" contestant Kristian Hilberg, the film contains images from their trip abroad in 2006. The video was uploaded to various pornographic websites in the hours after it was stolen. Meister struck a deal with porno-producer Thomas Rocco Hansen so she would earn money for the film. But the deal never happened and the situation lead to Meister being sacked from Team Aylar. During Christmas 2008 Meister appeared in FHM magazine, and created a lot of attention as readers could scrape off her bikini in the manner of a lottery ticket. Linni Meister has also regularly worked since 2007 as a sex-columnist in FHM Magazine in her "Ask Linni" section.
Personal life.
Linni has been in a relationship with Bernhard Berntzen and they married in a wedding chapel in Las Vegas, Nevada on July 21, 2010. She gave birth to a son, Dennis Michael Bernhard, on September 9, 2009. Meister is a Christian.

</doc>
<doc id="31229776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229776" title="Carlos Mina">
Carlos Mina

Carlos Mina (born in Bogotá, Colombia) is a former Colombian footballer who played for clubs in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31229788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229788" title="Hotel Palm Camayenne">
Hotel Palm Camayenne

The Hotel Palm Camayenne is a hotel in Conakry, Guinea. Set beside the sea, it is one of Conakry's most famous (and most expensive) hotels.
History.
The hotel was constructed by the Russians.
It is built block-style, and most of the rooms have a pleasant view.
Although completed in April 1964, the hotel lacked essential equipment. For example, the Russians did not supply cutlery, linen or kitchen equipment.
Six months later, the equipment was still missing.
The building was not well finished, and when the rainstorms associated with the violent tornadoes of the area came, many problems emerged requiring costly repairs.
Construction of the hotel and other projects was funded by repayable loans from the Russians, causing Guinea to fall into debt that was difficult to repay.
In 1984, the military regime awarded the management contract for the 120-room Hotel Camayenne, and for the Hotel G'Bessia with 168 rooms, to the French firm Accor.
By 1990, the hotel, serving a clientele of business people and aid workers, was being refurbished under a line of credit provided by the Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation, using funding from the European Community.
As of January 2011, the hotel had been closed for over five years, and required major renovations to come up to international standards.
When the hotel was closed, the 105 employees were laid off. When they tried to seek compensation, demonstrating in front of the hotel, the police broke up the demonstration violently. A reporter trying to cover the negotiations with the new owner was badly beaten up. 
In December 2010, it was reported that the owner, Lebanese businessman Michel Chater, appeared to have finalized the purchase from the government, although the new president Professor Alpha Condé had said he would recover any state property that had been sold incorrectly.
Chater had also taken over the grand hotel l'Unité, renamed Riviera Royals Hotel. 
Chater, CEO of the Riviera Group, said he was committed to the hotel's rehabilitation at a cost of up to US$12 million.
Location and facilities.
The shore is rocky.
However, the hotel has a small beach, a swimming pool, fitness center and tennis courts.
The embassies of Saudi Arabia and Iran are both near to the hotel.
The Superbobo supermarket, also near the hotel, carries imported items.
There is a sharp contrast between the poverty of most of the local people and the relative luxury provided by the hotel.
Thus a single meal at the outdoors restaurant in the hotel would cost perhaps US$12.50. This amount of money would feed a local family for a week.

</doc>
<doc id="31229792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229792" title="2011 Città di Caltanissetta – Singles">
2011 Città di Caltanissetta – Singles

Robin Haase was the defending champion, but chose not to compete.
Andreas Haider-Maurer won the title, defeating Matteo Viola in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31229808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229808" title="Basilan Provincial Board">
Basilan Provincial Board

The Basilan Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Basilan.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each sending four members to the provincial board; the electorate votes for four members, with the four candidates with the highest number of votes being elected. The vice governor is the "ex officio" presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
List of members.
An additional two "ex officio" members are the presidents of the provincial chapter of the Association of Barangay Captains and the Sangguniang Kabataan provincial president; the municipal and city (if applicable) presidents of the Association of Barangay Captains, and Sangguniang Kabataan, shall elect amongst themselves their provincial presidents which shall be their representatives at the board.

</doc>
<doc id="31229832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229832" title="List of Ambassadors of Russia to the United Kingdom">
List of Ambassadors of Russia to the United Kingdom

This is a list of heads of mission from Russia to the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="31229842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229842" title="Agostina Segatori Sitting in the Café du Tambourin">
Agostina Segatori Sitting in the Café du Tambourin

Agostina Segatori Sitting in the Café du Tambourin was painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1887. Agostina Segatori owned the Café du Tambourin that Van Gogh knew intimately. It was a gathering spot for Parisian artists, a place where their work was exhibited. Van Gogh, unable to pay in cash for his meals, exchanged paintings for his fare. The paintings then adorned the restaurant. He held a special exhibit of his Japanese prints in the café as well. His connection with Agostina and the cafe came to a sad end when she went bankrupt and Van Gogh's paintings were confiscated by creditors. This painting, however, demonstrates an artistic discovery that culminated in his unique, creative style not quite on the brink of being understood and revered.
Van Gogh's influence in Paris.
In 1886 Van Gogh left the Netherlands, never to return, for Paris and the guidance of his brother Theo van Gogh. He entered Paris as a shy, somber man and while his personality would never change, he emerged artistically into what one critic described as a "singing bird". While Van Gogh had been influenced by great Dutch masters, coming to Paris meant that he was influenced by Impressionists, Symbolists, Pointillists, and Japanese art. His circle of friends included Camille Pissarro, Henri Toulouse-Lautrec, Paul Gauguin, Émile Bernard and others. The works of Japanese print makers Hiroshige and Hokusai greatly influenced Van Gogh, both for the beautiful subject matter and the style of flat patterns of colors without shadow. Van Gogh explored the various influences and molded them into a style that was uniquely his own. In the two years, from 1886 through 1888, Van Gogh emerged as a sophisticated, thoughtful and provoking artist. This painting demonstrates his journey of creativity of that period.
The painting.
In the painting Agostina, a woman in her forties, can be seen smoking a cigarette while having her second glass of beer, evidenced by two saucers under the mug of beer. In demeanor and style, such as her clothing, make-up and hairstyle, she is a modern woman. She is wearing a fashionable hat. According to the style at the time, her jacket is a different design than her dress. A parasol sits on one of the seats next to her. 
Van Gogh used the theme of a woman sitting at a small table, introduced by Impressionists, such as Edgar Degas and Édouard Manet. The table and stools were in the shape of tambourines, befitting the café's theme. On the wall behind her are Van Gogh's Japanese prints, which he began exhibiting at the café in February 1887. 
The brightly colored painting and confident subject represent a shift in Van Gogh's attitude in comparison to his earlier subjects, such as his dark and tragic peasants. Even more, Van Gogh's "Portrait of Pére Tanguy" from the fall of the same year further explores his use of color and better promotes his Japanese prints.
Café du Tambourin.
Van Gogh occasionally visited Café du Tambourin run by Agostina Segatori, the subject of this painting. Previously an artist's model to Manet, Corot and others, the Naples-born Agostina saved the money she earned working as a model and opened the Italian-themed Café du Tambourin in 1885, which particularly catered to artists.
The café on the Boulevard de Clichy in Paris was just around the corner from the home that Van Gogh lived in with his brother Theo. Besides convenience, the restaurant was notable to Van Gogh as a venue for exhibition of his paintings, a practice initiated by artists such as Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Paul-Albert Besnard and others.
In 1887 Van Gogh had several meals a week at the café which were paid in paintings to adorn the restaurant's walls. He fell in love with Agostina who was twelve years older. Soon after, though, Agostina and the establishment fell on hard times. She became ill and the business, in debt and likely involved in illegal prostitution, failed. Although assured by Agostina that Van Gogh could claim his paintings, according to Émile Bernard's recollection, debtors sold his paintings "as waste canvas" in batches of 10, ranging in price from 50 centimes to one franc per bundle. Due to the bankruptcy of the cafe Van Gogh lost not only the paintings, mostly still life works of flowers, but also the frames.
"Agostina Segatori Sitting in the Café du Tambourin" is on display at the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="31229850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229850" title="Avenir d'enfants">
Avenir d'enfants

Avenir d’enfants (French for “the future of children”) is a Quebecer non-profit organization, based in Montreal, which supports local communities engaged in the overall development of children aged five and under living in poverty 1, 2.
Avenir d’enfants is a partnership between the Government of Quebec Minister of Families and the Lucie and André Chagnon Foundation, and was created on September 30, 2009, by the Act to establish an early childhood development fund 3.
According to the "Bulletin national d'information Investir pour l'avenir", vol. 3, n° 1, winter 2011 4, in 2010, Avenir d'enfants supported 41 communities, in which 83,000 young children live, spread over 10 administrative regions of Quebec, thus enabling 779 partners to mobilize around 45 projects.

</doc>
<doc id="31229854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229854" title="Josh Carson">
Josh Carson

Joshua Glyn "Josh" Carson (born 3 June 1993) is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays for York City as a midfielder or a winger.
Club career.
Ipswich Town.
Born in Ballymena, County Antrim, Carson played for Greenisland Boys before joining the Ipswich Town academy in February 2009. He signed a two-year professional contract at Portman Road in July 2010. He made his debut for Ipswich in the home game against Scunthorpe United on 19 March 2011. Carson scored his first two senior goals on his third senior appearance for Ipswich in a 2–1 victory against Crystal Palace, at Portman Road on 9 April 2011. He joined League Two side York City on a one-month loan on 14 March 2013, making his debut in a 2–0 home defeat to Port Vale two days later. He was released by Ipswich after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent on 2 September 2013, following trials with Bristol City, Notts County and Hibernian.
York City.
Carson signed for York City permanently on a contract until the end of the 2013–14 season on 12 September 2013. His second debut for the club came two days later as a 63rd minute substitute for Sander Puri in a 2–1 home defeat to Mansfield Town.
International career.
Carson has been capped at under-16, under-17, under-18, under-19 and under-21 level for Northern Ireland. He made his senior international debut on 24 May 2011 in a 5–0 away defeat to the Republic of Ireland.
Personal life.
Carson attended Parkhall College in Antrim, County Antrim.

</doc>
<doc id="31229856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229856" title="Antianeira (disambiguation)">
Antianeira (disambiguation)

In Greek mythology, the name Antianeira may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31229877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229877" title="1901 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles">
1901 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles

Charlotte Sterry (née Cooper) defeated Louisa Martin 6–3, 6–4 in the All Comers' Final, and then defeated the reigning champion Blanche Hillyard (née Bingley) 6–2, 6–2 in the Challenge Round to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1901 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31229880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229880" title="Bataan Provincial Board">
Bataan Provincial Board

The Bataan Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Bataan.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each sending five members to the provincial board; the electorate votes for five members, with the five candidates with the highest number of votes being elected. The vice governor is the "ex officio" presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in electing board members are coextensive with the legislative districts of Bataan.
List of members.
An additional two "ex officio" members are the presidents of the provincial chapter of the Association of Barangay Captains and the Sangguniang Kabataan provincial president; the municipal and city (if applicable) presidents of the Association of Barangay Captains, and Sangguniang Kabataan, shall elect amongst themselves their provincial presidents which shall be their representatives at the board.

</doc>
<doc id="31229881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229881" title="Matt Barela">
Matt Barela

Matthew Ramón Barela (born March 12, 1974) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), where, under the ring name Anarquia, he was a member of the Mexican America stable with Rosita, Sarita and Hernandez.
Professional wrestling career.
Ohio Valley Wrestling (1999–2011).
Barela debuted in 1999 for Ohio Valley Wrestling with Raul LaMotta as the tag team Los Locos (Ramón and Raúl Loco). They eventually won the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship status, but eventually split, after which Barela adopted the new ring name Low Rider. Barela worked to main event status, eventually achieving the OVW Heavyweight Championship twice, most notably by defeating James "Moose" Thomas. Barela as Low Rider portrayed a hot headed crowd favorite. He would mix his interviews with bits of Spanish. Eventually at Rage in the Cage January 8, 2011, he was defeated in a three-way cage match by Cliff Compton.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2011-2012).
Barela made his debut for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) on March 13, 2011, at the Victory Road pay-per-view, where he appeared as a planted fan and interfered in a First Blood match between Hernandez and Matt Morgan, helping Hernandez pick up the win. On the following edition of "Impact!", the alliance of Hernandez, Sarita and Rosita, known collectively as Mexican America, faced Morgan, Angelina Love and Winter in a six person street fight, after which Barela once again entered the ring and attacked Morgan. On the March 24 edition of "Impact!", Barela was officially presented as the newest member of the anti-American group and was given the ring name Anarquia. On the July 14 edition of "Impact Wrestling", Anarquia and Hernandez defeated The British Invasion (Douglas Williams and Magnus), with help from Rosita, to become the number one contenders to the TNA World Tag Team Championship. They would receive their shot at the TNA World Tag Team Championship on August 7 at Hardcore Justice, but were defeated by the defending champions, Beer Money, Inc. (Bobby Roode and James Storm). Two days later, at the tapings of the August 18 edition of "Impact Wrestling", Anarquia and Hernandez defeated Beer Money, Inc. in a rematch, following interference from the "Mexican Heavyweight Champion" Jeff Jarrett, to win the TNA World Tag Team Championship. On September 11 at No Surrender, Anarquia and Hernandez successfully defended the title against D'Angelo Dinero and Devon, following interference from Rosita and Sarita. Later that month, Mexican America began feuding with Ink Inc. (Jesse Neal and Shannon Moore), stemming from their match at Sacrifice in May, where Hernandez had legitimately injured Neal. On October 16, during the Bound for Glory Preshow, Mexican America successfully defended the TNA World Tag Team Championship against Ink Inc. The following month at Turning Point, Anarquia, Hernandez and Sarita defeated Ink Inc.'s Jesse Neal, Shannon Moore and Toxxin in a six person tag team match to retain the TNA World Tag Team Championship. On the following edition of "Impact Wrestling", Anarquia and Hernandez lost the TNA World Tag Team Championship to Crimson and Matt Morgan. On the following edition of "Impact Wrestling", Hernandez and Arnaquia failed to regain the title in a rematch. On December 6, it was reported that TNA had sent Barela back to Ohio Valley Wrestling, which had recently become the promotion's new developmental territory. After spending three months off television, Anarquia returned on the March 22, 2012, edition of "Impact Wrestling", when he and Hernandez unsuccessfully challenged Magnus and Samoa Joe for the TNA World Tag Team Championship. Anarquia's last appearance was on the April 26 episode of "Impact Wrestling", losing to Kurt Angle via submission. The following day, Barela's profile was removed form TNA's official website. His departure from the promotion was confirmed four days later.
Acting career.
Barela appeared in the comedy/action film "Overtime" alongside OVW trainer Al Snow and fellow OVW wrestlers Rudy Switchblade and Ted McNaler.

</doc>
<doc id="31229885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229885" title="Laurie Bellotti">
Laurie Bellotti

Laurie Bellotti (born 28 February 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
An Indigenous Australia, Bellotti was a utility player who hailed had excelled at basketball back home in Carnarvon. He was a member of the Claremont Colts premiership side of 1996 and played a full season for the seniors in 1998. 
Bellotti played 15 games for the Eagles in 1999, as a rookie, but was promoted from the rookie list after the season ended. He appeared in only nine more games in the AFL and finished his career at West Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="31229892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229892" title="In Search of a Golden Sky">
In Search of a Golden Sky

In Search of a Golden Sky is a 1984 family drama film released by Comworld Pictures. In the film, three orphan children find solace in their uncle's wilderness home after their mother has died.
Shot on location in the state of Utah, "Golden Sky" was completed in 1982, but not released until two years later. It received a video release in early 1987 on CBS/Fox's Playhouse label.
Utah's "Deseret News" gave the film one and a half stars out of four. The "dreadful family picture", it commented, " one of the most ridiculously contrived, unintentionally humorous endings ever".

</doc>
<doc id="31229937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229937" title="Sergio Bagú">
Sergio Bagú

Sergio Bagú (January 10, 1911 – December 2, 2002) was an Argentinian Marxist historian, sociologist and political philosopher.
Bagú, who was born in Buenos Aires, was a lecturer at the University of Illinois, Middlebury College and the University of Buenos Aires. As a university professor, he was exiled by the military junta in Argentina following the 1966 Argentine Revolution. He died in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="31229948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229948" title="Youssef Msakni">
Youssef Msakni

Youssef Msakni (Arabic: يوسف المساكني; born 28 October 1990) is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays for Qatar Stars League club Lekhwiya SC.
Club career.
The attacking midfielder signed on 3 July 2012 on a four year contract with Qatari Stars League club Lekhwiya SC, but he joined the club on 1 January 2013.
International career.
Msakni plays for the Tunisian national football team. He have played 19 games and scored 4 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="31229952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229952" title="Jonathan E. Steinberg">
Jonathan E. Steinberg

Jonathan E. Steinberg is a television producer and screenwriter. Along with Josh Schaer and Stephen Chbosky, he co-created the television series "Jericho", where he served as writer, producer and executive story editor, "Jericho" ran on CBS from September 20, 2006, through March 25, 2008. Recently he is executive producer and co-creator of Michael Bay executive produced Black Sails (TV series) for Starz (TV channel).
Steinberg then developed the television series "Human Target", loosely based on the DC Comics series "Human Target", for Fox. He served as writer, executive producer and showrunner for the first season, before "Chuck" producer Matt Miller was brought in as showrunner for the second season. Steinberg remained an executive producer.

</doc>
<doc id="31229958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229958" title="Fernando De León">
Fernando De León

Fernando De León (1798–1853) was a co-founder of Victoria, Texas, and the first commissioner and colonization manager of De León's Colony. He fought against Antonio López de Santa Anna. De León was an aide-de-camp to provisional Texas governor James W. Robinson. In the war's confusion about Mexican loyalties, De León was first incarcerated by the Mexican army, only to be released and be incarcerated by the Texas army. When his brother Silvestre was murdered, he adopted Silvestre's sons. After the war, he legally recovered of his land that had been redistributed to Texans. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark number 6541 placed at Evergreen Cemetery in 1972 acknowledges Fernando De León's contribution to Texas.
Early life.
Fernando De León was born in 1798 in Cruillas, Nuevo Santander (Tamaulipas), the first-born child of empresario Martín De León and his wife Patricia de la Garza De León.
Texas.
De León's Colony.
On April 13, 1824, the Mexican government approved a contract allowing Martín De León to settle forty-one Mexican families on the lower Guadalupe River. Coahuila y Tejas appointed Fernando the first commissioner and colonization manager of De León's Colony. He employed Plácido Benavides as his secretary. Martín De León died in the 1833 cholera epidemic, and Fernando took over the role and responsibilities of his father. He established his Rancho Escondido seven miles north of town.
War against Santa Anna.
When Antonio López de Santa Anna revoked the 1824 Constitution of Mexico and installed his own political machine in 1833, many Tejanos were opposed to the regime. When Stephen F. Austin issued an 1835 appeal for arms to equip the Texans in the war against Santa Anna, Fernando De León, his brother-in-law José María Jesús Carbajal and Peter Kerr, began to run livestock to New Orleans to trade for munitions. During a pursuit by the Mexican warship "Bravo" on the return trip with the purchased equipment, the crew was forced to dump the cargo into the Gulf of Mexico. The crew of the "Bravo" boarded the "Hannah Elizabeth", taking several prisoners. Carbajal and De León were incarcerated at Brazos Santiago, but Kerr was set free. Fernando De León was released with payment of a bribe. Carbajal was transferred to Matamoros, Tamaulipas, with an intended transfer for imprisonment at San Juan de Ulloa. Plácido Benavides bribed the guards at Matamoros to effect an escape for Carbajal, who afterwards returned to Victoria. The three men were never recompensed for their loss.
Aide-de-camp to Governor Robinson.
In February 1836, De León was appointed as aide-de-camp to provisional Texas governor James W. Robinson. He was put in charge of the local militia. In March, following the Battle of Coleto, Mexican General José de Urrea seized Victoria and arrested De León. Urrea forced De León to disclose all hidden supplies and horses. Even though he had the information he wanted, Urrea kept De León imprisoned. De León was freed when Urrea departed Victoria, only to be arrested as a traitor by Texas Brigadier General Thomas Jefferson Rusk. On July 1836, General Rusk forced the Carbajal, Benavides and De León families to leave Victoria. They evacuated to New Orleans, leaving behind all their possessions.
De León returned about 1844 to reclaim the family property, but did not become head of the De León clan. Leadership of the De León family rested with matriarch Patricia de la Garza De León. Fernando De León did, however, manage to regain of his property.
Personal life.
De León married María Antonia Galván before the start of the De León Colony. The couple had one son who died in Louisiana. He remarried to Luz Escalera. When his brother Silvestre De León was murdered, he adopted Silvestre's sons Martin and Francisco.
Death.
Fernando De León died at his home in Rancho Escondido in 1853. He is buried in Evergreen Cemetery in Victoria, Texas. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark number 6541 placed at Evergreen Cemetery in 1972 acknowledges Fernando De León's contribution to Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="31229967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31229967" title="Batanes Provincial Board">
Batanes Provincial Board

The Batanes Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Batanes.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each sending three members to the provincial board; the electorate votes for three members, with the three candidates with the highest number of votes being elected. The vice governor is the "ex officio" presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
List of members.
An additional two "ex officio" members are the presidents of the provincial chapter of the Association of Barangay Captains and the Sangguniang Kabataan provincial president; the municipal and city (if applicable) presidents of the Association of Barangay Captains, and Sangguniang Kabataan, shall elect amongst themselves their provincial presidents which shall be their representatives at the board.

</doc>
