<doc id="31213240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213240" title="BindingDB">
BindingDB

BindingDB 
The purpose of BindingDB is to support medicinal chemistry and drug discovery via literature awareness and development of structure-activity relations (SAR and QSAR); validation of computational chemistry and molecular modelling approaches such as docking, scoring and free energy methods; chemical biology and chemical genomics; and basic studies of the physical chemistry of molecular recognition. 
The data collection derives from a variety of measurement techniques, including enzyme inhibition and kinetics, isothermal titration calorimetry, NMR, and radioligand and competition assays. BindingDB includes data extracted from the scientific literature by the BindingDB project, selected PubChem confirmatory BioAssays, and ChEMBL entries for which a well-defined protein target ("TARGET_TYPE='PROTEIN'") is provided.
History and Funding.
The BindingDB project was conceived in the mid-1990s, based upon recognition of the broad value of quantitative affinity data and the inadequacy of journal articles as a means of making these data accessible. A NIST-sponsored workshop in September 1997 validated the concept, and funding from the NSF and NIST enabled initial development of the database with a collection of data for systems of many types, including protein-ligand, protein-protein, and host-guest binding. However, hopes that the database would be populated primarily through depositions by experimentalists were not borne out, and it became clear that the project would have to take responsibility for extracting data from the literature. Given the vastness of the molecular recognition literature and limitations in available resources, this meant that creating a useful database would require limiting attention to a well-defined set of high-value binding data. 
The decision was taken to focus on binding data for small molecules with proteins that are drug-targets, or potential drug-targets, and for which the three-dimensional structure is available in the PDB or can potentially be modeled to high accuracy based upon the structure of a similar protein. This choice would aid drug-discovery for the selected targets, as well as the development of both ligand-based and structure-based methods of computational ligand-design. This is the current focus of BindingDB, which is led by Michael Gilson, based at UC San Diego’s Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, and supported by a grant from the NIH.
Capabilities.
BindingDB’s web-interface provides a range of browsing, query and data download tools. These include browsing by the name of a protein Target or by journal citation, query by chemical similarity and substructure, and downloads by target or query result.

</doc>
<doc id="31213276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213276" title="Matt Stinson">
Matt Stinson

Matthew Garrett "Matt" Stinson (born September 9, 1992) is a Canadian soccer player, who currently plays for the Vaughan Azzuri, after his releasing by Toronto FC of the Major League Soccer.
Career.
Youth.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, Stinson began his youth career in the age of five with the Armour Heights Soccer Association, before joined two years in the age of nine to North York Hearts SC. He played until December 2006 with the Hearts Soccer Club, before played for Clarkson Comets SC in Mississauga, Ontario. In 2008, aged 16, he joined TFC Academy for the youth sides inaugural season. Stinson quickly progressed in the Academy and eventually was named captain of the Academy team. In 2010 he left the Academy to attend Winthrop University in South Carolina. While at Winthrop, Stinson was named the Team MVP and earned All-Big South Conference Second Team honours.
Professional.
In late January 2011 it was announced that Stinson would travel with Toronto's Senior team to Turkey for preseason training camp, Stinson was one of four academy players invited to travel. On February 16, 2011 Stinson scored the game's only goal to lift Toronto FC to a 1-0 victory over Red Star Belgrade during the club’s preseason. After impressing during the preseason training camp he signed with Toronto FC on March 17, 2011. Stinson made his professional debut on June 25, 2011 as a second half sub for Javier Martina in a 3-1 away loss to Real Salt Lake.
Stinson was released by Toronto FC on March 19, 2013 and trained with Armour Heights S.C., before returned for his studies to the York University. He played than his first match in his comeback for the York Lions on 30. September 2013 against the Brock University men soccer Team Badgers. Stinson is also a student of York University since September 2011.
International.
Stinson has represented Canada at various youth levels. In 2010 he represented Canada at the Under-20 level.
On November 3, 2011, Stinson was called up to the Canadian senior team for Canada's final two matches of 2014 CONCACAF second round world cup qualification vs. Saint Kitts and Nevis Three days latter Stinson was removed from the line-up due to injury, Nana Attakora was brought in to replace him in the 18 man squad. Stinson made his senior team debut January 29, 2013 in an international friendly against United States. He came on as a second half sub for Terry Dunfield, as the game ended in a 0-0 draw.
Club Statistics.
Last updated on September 13, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="31213291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213291" title="Esporte Clube Nacional">
Esporte Clube Nacional

Esporte Clube Nacional, commonly known as Nacional, is a Brazilian football club based in Cruz Alta, Rio Grande do Sul state.
History.
The club was founded on March 17, 1941. They won the Campeonato Gaúcho Second Level in 1957.
Stadium.
Esporte Clube Nacional play their home games at Estádio do Morro dos Ventos Uivantes. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 1,200 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31213310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213310" title="Masud Sabri">
Masud Sabri

Masud Sabri (1886–1952), also known as Masʿūd Ṣabrī (), (), was a Uyghur political leader in Xinjiang and Governor of Xinjiang during the Ili Rebellion. He received education at Kulja and Istanbul and was a pan Turkist.
Education.
After attending Istanbul University and learning medicine, Sabri returned to Xinjiang to become a pharmacist.
Career.
Governor of Xinjiang Yang Zengxin jailed Masud Sabri for pan turkist activities and then deported him from the province.
Masud supported the First East Turkestan Republic while based at Aqsu with Mahmud Sijan. After it was crushed by the 36th Division (National Revolutionary Army) Masud fled to British India and then to Nanjing, where he joined the Kuomintang Republic of China government.
In 1942, Masud Sabri was serving on the 36 seated State Council (Chinese National Political Council), the only other Muslim member was the Chinese Muslim General Ma Lin.
Bai Chongxi, the Defence Minister of China, and a Muslim, was considered for being appointed Governor of Xinjiang. The position was then given to Masud Sabri, who was pro Kuomintang and anti-Soviet. He replaced Zhang Zhizhong. Ehmetjan Qasim, the Communist Uyghur Ili leader, repeatedly demanded that Masud Sabri be sacked as governor.
Masud Sabri was an opponent of the Soviet puppet Uyghur regime in Ili during the Ili Rebellion, opposing all efforts to negotiate with Ehmetjan Qasim along with others like Wang Tseng-shan, a Chinese Muslim, who was the KMT commissioner of Civil Affairs in the Xinjiang Coalition Government from 1946–47, and was associated with the CC Clique. Masud Sabri was also a CC Clique member, as was the Tatar Burhan Shahidi and the KMT-general and Han-Chinese Wu Zhongxin. He led the Xinjiang coalition government from 1948-1949 Masud Sabri formed a group of pan turkists with Muhammad Amin Bughra and Isa Yusuf Alptekin to join the Kuomintang Republic of China coalition government in Xinjiang, opposing the Uyghur Communist Ili regime in the Second East Turkestan Republic. Ehmetjan Qasim attacked Masud Sabri, Alptekin, and Muhammad Amin Bughra as imperialist puppets and supporters of the Kuomintang.
Masud Sabri and fellow Pan-Turkic Jadidist and East Turkestan Independence activist Muhammad Amin Bughra rejected the Soviet imposition of the name "Uyghur people" upon the Turkic people of Xinjiang. They wanted instead the name "Turkic ethnicity" (Tujue zu in Chinese) to be applied to their people. Masud Sabri also viewed the Hui people as Muslim Han Chinese and separate from his own people. The names "Türk" or "Türki" in particular were demanded by Bughra as the real name for his people. He slammed Sheng Shicai for his designation of Turkic Muslims into different ethnicities which could sow disunion among Turkic Muslims.
In January 1949, Burhan Shahidi succeeded Masud Sabri as the chairman of Xinjiang Provincial Government.
In 1948 Sabri turned down the offer of being appointed ambassador from China to Iran. The Communist Party placed him under arrest and imprisoned him, in 1952 he died, still incarcerated.

</doc>
<doc id="31213315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213315" title="Mediagua">
Mediagua

Mediagua, is the name given in Chile to a type of prefabricated house, constructed of wood panels, which can be erected in less than a day. The traditional model has an area of .
They are traditionally used to provide emergency housing solutions after natural disasters, or to give an inexpensive house to homeless people.
Because they are designed as temporary solutions are commonly installed without sanitation or electricity, but often they become permanent homes.
Elements.
A standard mediagua, such as those installed by the housing foundation Un Techo para Chile ("A Roof for Chile") is of long by wide, which is designed to house a family of 4. There is also a model of half the area of the former, for single people and couples.
They are made of 8 panels (2 floors, 2 sides, 2 front and 2 rear), two windows, one door, 8 sheets of zinc for the roof, plus 15 support logs of long to isolate the house of the soil moisture. The house is divided in two rooms.
History.
In the mid-nineteenth century the first slums began to appear around Santiago de Chile, where unskilled workers lived. The sanitation, safety and housing were deplorable. The houses were built with waste materials. The conditions had not changed by 1960. At that time groups associated with the Jesuits began to build mediaguas for poor people. In 1962 the "Hogar de Cristo" ("Home of Christ") Foundation (founded by St. Alberto Hurtado) built 1000 mediaguas, and by 2010 they had built over 400,000 mediaguas in total.
Mediaguas were built by the government to house the victims of the earthquakes in Valdivia (1960), La Ligua (1965), Santiago (1985) and Tocopilla (2007).
After the 2010 Chile earthquake the housing foundation Un Techo para Chile ("A Roof for Chile") started a national campaign that raised the money to build more than 40,000 mediaguas for the victims.

</doc>
<doc id="31213324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213324" title="Waterloo (1929 film)">
Waterloo (1929 film)

Waterloo is a 1929 German war film directed by Karl Grune and starring Charles Willy Kayser, Charles Vanel and Otto Gebühr. It depicts the Allied forces victory over Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="31213331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213331" title="One Sunday Afternoon">
One Sunday Afternoon

One Sunday Afternoon is a 1933 American romantic comedy film directed by Stephen R. Roberts and starring Gary Cooper and Fay Wray. Based on the 1933 Broadway play by James Hagan, the film is about a middle-aged dentist who reminisces about his unrequited love for a beautiful woman and his former friend who betrayed him and married her. This pre-Code film was released by Paramount Pictures on September 1, 1933.
Plot.
Dr. Lucius Griffith "Biff" Grimes (Gary Cooper) is a small town dentist dissatisfied with his lot. Though married to the lovely and affectionate Amy Lind Grimes (Frances Fuller), Grimes still carries a torch for his former sweetheart, Virginia "Virgie" Brush Barnstead (Fay Wray). Years earlier, Grimes had lost Virgie to his old friend Hugo Barnstead (Neil Hamilton), and is consumed with the desire to get even with his rival. The now-wealthy Hugo comes to visit Grimes, with Virgie in town. Grimes then seeks to rekindle his old romance.
Remakes.
The picture was remade twice by director Raoul Walsh, as the smash hit "Strawberry Blonde" (1941) with James Cagney and again as "One Sunday Afternoon" (1948). The Gary Cooper version was a notorious flop, however, and the only Cooper picture of this period to lose money at the box office. Before making the Cagney version, Jack Warner (co-founder of Warner Bros. who had bought the 1933 version) screened the 1933 film and wrote a memo to his production head Hal B. Wallis telling him to watch it also: "It will be hard to stay through the entire running of the picture, but do this so you will know what not to do."

</doc>
<doc id="31213335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213335" title="Gardoš Tower">
Gardoš Tower

Gardoš Tower () or Millennium Tower, () and also known as Kula Sibinjanin Janka ( ) is a memorial tower located in Belgrade, Serbia. It was built and officially opened on August 20, 1896 to celebrate a thousand years of Hungarian settlement in the Pannonian plain.
As part of Old Town core of Zemun, and also located in the middle of the Zemun Fortress, tower is protected both as Spatial Cultural-Historical Unit of Great Importance, and as a Protected Monument of Culture.
History.
It was part of the massive construction effort which included buildings in Budapest as well as four millennium towers on four directions of the world. Being the southernmost city in then Hungary within the Austria-Hungary, the tower was built on the ruins of the medieval fortress on Gardoš hill, Taurunum, which barely survived today (only angular towers and parts of the defending wall). The tower was built as a combination of various styles, mostly influenced by the Roman elements. Being a natural lookout, it was used by Zemun's firemen for decades. Today, the tower is better known after the Janos Hunyadi, who actually died in the old fortress four and a half centuries before the tower was built.

</doc>
<doc id="31213338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213338" title="Thomas Dyke (MP for Seaford)">
Thomas Dyke (MP for Seaford)

Sir Thomas Dyke (10 December 1619 - 13 December 1669) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1666.
Dyke was born at Ninfield, Sussex, the son of Thomas Dyke of Horsham, Waldron, Sussex. He was admitted at St John's College, Cambridge on 29 April 1635 aged 16. In 1636, he was admitted at Inner Temple. He was knighted on 19 June 1641.
In 1660, Dyke was elected Member of Parliament for Seaford in the Convention Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Seaford in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until his death at the age of 50 in 1669.

</doc>
<doc id="31213346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213346" title="Een Rondje Holland">
Een Rondje Holland

Een Rondje Holland is a live album by Ex Orkest, an orchestra made up of the Dutch post-punk band The Ex accompanied by 15 other musicians. The album features orchestral arrangements of previously released Ex songs (often with the band's standard English lyrics replaced with those in their native Dutch) mixed with pieces of improvised music. The tracks were recorded over a series of four performances in the Netherlands, Germany and Belgium, and compiled for release on the band's own label in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31213356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213356" title="Musa Juma">
Musa Juma

Musa Juma Mumbo (December 6, 1968 – March 15, 2011) was a rumba and Benga musician from Kenya. He was the bandleader, guitarist and composer for Orchestra Limpopo International. Most of his music were sung in Dholuo language.
He was from Usonga, Siaya District. He started his music career performing with his younger brother Omondi Tony (real name Anthony Omondi Mumbo) plying rumba in small clubs in Nairobi and Kisumu. Together they formed Orchestra Limpopo International which gradually rose into national fame. Omondi Tony, who had turned into a solo career, died on June 6, 2008 of complication caused by a traffic accident.
Some of most popular songs by Musa Juma were "Hera Mudho", "Ufisadi", "Mercelina", and "Freddy". He released eight albums, the last of them being titled "Lake Victoria".
During his career he toured in various countries. Only weeks before his death in 2011, he and his band had a tour in the United States. 
He died of pneumonia on March 15, 2011 at Mombasa Hospital. He had a lovely wife by the name Winnie Juma.

</doc>
<doc id="31213357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213357" title="The Love Decree">
The Love Decree

The Love Decree were a Scottish pop soul band composed of Robin Gow (keyboards/song-writer), Grant Macintosh (vocals/song-writer) and Gordon Gow (percussion). They are best known for the single "Something so Real", which was used in a McEwan's Lager commercial in 1988.
Formation.
Formed early in 1987 in Edinburgh, the band was originally a seven piece, composed of vocals, keyboards, bass guitar, lead guitar, drums, percussion and saxophone.
Following a meeting with a potential manager, a move to Barrhead caused the singer and guitar player to be replaced and a radio-based promotion campaign to find a suitable replacement was launched. After several weeks of auditions, Grant Macintosh was chosen as vocalist and lead guitarist Allan Harvey was chosen. Intensive practice and song-writing followed and a small UK tour was organised to debut the band.
"Something so Real".
In 1988, having been together for a relatively short time, a deal was secured with McEwan's Lager to record one of their original tracks for use on an upcoming television advert, "Chinheads". The advert featured a fictional and quirky "upside-down" rock/soul band. The award-winning advert was directed by Steve Barron (director of Michael Jackson's "Billie Jean", A-Ha's "Take on Me", and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles") and featured the track "Something So Real". The advert caused quite a stir with its unique visuals and extremely catchy soundtrack. McEwan's were inundated with requests for information regarding who the music was by and if it could be purchased. McEwans chose to release the advert nationally and included ITV and Sky in its coverage, including London for the first time ever. A massive poster campaign was launched to further promote the advert. By 1989, it was clear there was a huge demand for the track and a single was subsequently released. It charted nationally, peaking at No.61. In Scotland it reached No.1, outselling Black Box's "Ride on Time". The track "Something So Real" was produced by Robin Gow at REL Studios in Edinburgh and released through BMG Records. It was released on 7", 12" and CD Single formats.

</doc>
<doc id="31213379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213379" title="Hoodie Allen">
Hoodie Allen

Steven Markowitz (born August 19, 1988), better known by his stage name Hoodie Allen, is an independent American rapper.
Personal life.
Steven Markowitz was born in New York City and raised in a Jewish household in Plainview, Long Island along with his brother, Daniel. He started writing lyrics as a child, and would perform raps for his friends at house parties. Allen first attended the Long Island School for the Gifted in Huntington Station, and later attended Plainview – Old Bethpage John F. Kennedy High School.
Growing up, his nickname was "Hoodie." He wanted a rapper name that "would stick in peoples' minds and be a little bit funny and representative of who I am," so he settled on "Hoodie Allen," a play off of famed Jewish filmmaker Woody Allen.
While attending the University of Pennsylvania, he pledged the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity. After graduating in 2010 with a degree in marketing and finance, he worked at Google as an AdWords associate in their Standardized AdWords Reseller Training (START) program. He would leave at 7AM for a bus ride to the Googleplex in Mountain View, work a full day at Google, return home at 6PM, write songs, answer fan emails, and schedule concerts until 2 or 3 AM. Reflecting on this, Allen said, "I was moving so fast, and even while I was at Google there was so much going on that I felt like I was doing two full-time jobs." His dream and passion was music, so when he got opportunities to do live shows, he decided to leave Google.
Career.
2009–2012: "From Bagels & Beats to Leap Year".
Hoodie Allen originally was the duo of Steve Witz and Obey City (Samuel Obey, a childhood friend) on vocals and production, respectively. Their first two releases were the "Bagels & Beats EP" and "Making Waves" mixtape. These earned Hoodie a nomination for MTVU's Best Music on Campus Award in 2009. The single "UPENN Girls" also received notable attention. However, in 2010 Obey City ceased to produce in Hoodie for unknown reasons, and Steve continued making music with RJ Ferguson (aka RJF), giving himself the name Hoodie Allen. In June 2010, he released "You Are Not a Robot," which sampled 'I Am Not A Robot' by Marina & the Diamonds and which hit #1 on Hype Machine, an aggregator that collects the most-blogged about music in the world. After seeing the response, he spent the summer working, and finished his mixtape Pep Rally by September. The album was largely produced by RJF, and sampled songs from Death Cab for Cutie, Flight Facilities, Marina & the Diamonds and Two Door Cinema Club. He picked the name “Pep Rally” because he said that it “captured the energy of the record. Something new and exciting.” When asked about the writing process, Hoodie said: “Throughout Pep Rally, the ideas for samples were very collaborative. We would camp out in RJF’s basement for a weekend and not leave till we had 3 songs done—that was the mentality.” The mixtape was downloaded over 200,000 times. He self-financed a video for “You Are Not A Robot”.
In July 2011, Hoodie released his third mixtape, "Leap Year." It reached 250,000 SoundCloud plays in its first week of release. On the title for his mixtape, Hoodie explains: "It basically just talks to the leap of faith I took this year leaving everything else behind to be an artist." In support of the album, Hoodie headlined a 15 city tour across North America, including stops in San Francisco, New York City, and Montreal, with supporting act Fortune Family opening on a handful of stops. Previously, he had toured with The Cataracs, Das Racist, Chiddy Bang, Mike Posner, and RJD2.
Hoodie collaborated with the cartoon band Your Favorite Martian to write the song "8-Bit World", which he raps in. He was also featured in CollegeHumor's "Jake and Amir" sketch series on multiple occasions and in Zak Downtown's "Rock The Show."
2012: "All American".
On March 4, 2012, Hoodie announced via Twitter that his upcoming EP would be titled "All American". He decided on this title because he credits his success to freedom in United States, because he felt the songs showcased his best music to date, and because of a hometown restaurant with the same title. Hoodie spent five months developing the album, building tracks from scratch with his producer, RJF, instead of using sampled beats. Regarding the writing process, Hoodie stated that "I would describe it as liberating... It was like, 'Okay, I hear this idea in my head, I hear these original ideas, I'm putting them and piecing them together.'" On March 29, 2012, Hoodie released the first single from "All American" entitled "No Interruption," as well as its music video.
The music video for his second single on "All American", "No Faith In Brooklyn (feat. Jhameel)," was released on April 9. "All American" was released on April 10, 2012 and debuted as the #1 album on iTunes. Over the months of April and May, Hoodie made a 22-stop tour across the US in support of All American, featuring Wax, Jared Evan, and others (varied from show to show). On March 23, 2012, Hoodie hinted at an upcoming announcement of a "UK tour for June," and officially announced the four dates on April 19 via Facebook. The I Work Better In The UK Tour was his first time performing overseas.
The Excellent Adventure Tour, which featured G-Eazy, was announced on July 25, 2012. Hoodie performed in cities such as Pittsburgh, St. Louis, Lawrence (Kansas), New Orleans, Atlanta, Charlottesville, and Philadelphia.
Following the success of All American, Hoodie released the new singles "Hey Now" and "Feel the Love" on YouTube. Both were made available for free download.
More show dates were announced after the tour, including Santa Barbara, Santa Ana, Sacramento, two in New York City, Toronto, Chicago, Boston, and Silver Spring, which all sold out.
2013–present: "Crew Cuts, Americoustic, and full-length album".
On February 11, 2013, "XXL" premiered the music video for "Cake Boy". The single was later released on iTunes for purchase and quickly jumped to #19 on the Hip Hop/Rap top charts.
On February 18, 2013, the music video for "Fame Is For Assholes (feat. Chiddy Bang)" (abbreviated FIFA) premiered on YouTube. It was also released for iTunes purchase and rose to #2 on the top Hip-Hop/Rap songs. Hoodie commented, "I wanted to write a track that mixed a classic doo-wop vibe with the more upbeat hip-hop style that my fans have come to love."
Hoodie's mixtape "Crew Cuts" was released online for free via his website on February 20, 2013. It is made up of 11 tracks produced by several people including Illmind, DJ Fresh Direct, and Jared Evan and has six collaborations with artists including Jared Evan, G-Eazy, Shwayze, Chiddy Bang, Skizzy Mars, OCD: Moosh & Twist, and Chance The Rapper. Hoodie said that the mixtape had been downloaded over 80,000 times within the first day.
The Cruisin' USA Tour with Aer and Jared Evan began on March 5, in support of Hoodie's new music. G-Eazy, instead of Aer, accompanied Hoodie on his Boston, Philly, and NYC shows. The tour concluded with Hoodie's biggest show at the time on April 13, at NYC's Roseland Ballroom which sold out a crowd of 3,500 people. On September 27, Hoodie opened for Passion Pit in front of a sold out crowd of 10,000 people at the University of Minnesota, becoming his biggest show by a wide margin.
Hoodie performed "Make It Home""" on Fuse alongside Kina Grannis on April 17. The performance was released nationally on Hoodie's YouTube and on Fuse TV on April 30. The single was released via Hoodie's YouTube as well as iTunes on May 15.
During Summer 2013, Hoodie toured several college campuses as well as other venues. He performed in Vancouver, BC and Kelowna, BC shortly before he left for Europe on the Fake ID and a Passport Tour.
On July 28, 2013, Hoodie announced that his acoustic EP, "Americoustic", would be coming August 13. The following day he posted the dates for his Party With Your Friends Tour, which will take place in the US and Canada. A special fan pre-sale was also announced, offering 100 tickets from each show starting July 31 at 10AM.
On July 30, 2013, Hoodie released the music video for "No Interruption (Acoustic)" and stated that "Americoustic" would be available for purchase and for free download.
Hoodie's acoustic EP "Americoustic" debuted on August 13 as the #4 album on iTunes, but was also released for free on his website.
During The Cruisin' USA Tour, Hoodie had his fans show their appreciation by having them chant that they wanted to see him on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon. Leading up to Roseland Ballroom, Hoodie started the hashtag "#GetHoodieAllenOnFallon" on Twitter to rally his fans along with a YouTube video directed at Fallon. After trending worldwide, Fallon replied the night of the concert asking to speak with Hoodie.
On March 31, 2014, Hoodie released nineteen tour dates for his Hanging With Hoodie Tour this spring. He stated that this tour would be particularly different because only 500 tickets would be sold per show, the tickets would cost between $25-30, and that every ticket comes with a free meet & greet. Hoodie said this will give everyone a good seat and be with the most dedicated fans. The tour sold out within 30 minutes of tickets being put on sale. Hoodie also allowed opportunities for fans who were not able to buy tickets to earn tickets, including the first two people at every show getting free tickets, and two tickets for people who brought dinner to feed Hoodie and his crew.
Hoodie is expected to release his first full-length album in late Summer 2014. He has said to have finished 24 songs and is in the process of choosing which songs to put on the album. Some of the song titles have been posted on social media sites by Hoodie. Following the album release, he plans to go on a worldwide tour including the US, Europe, Canada, and Australia which would take place in the fall of 2014.
Fanbase: The Hoodie Mob.
Leading up to the release of All American, Hoodie held a series of live streamed video chats via Ustream called "Hoodie Allen Mondays" or HAM. In it he would preview new music and hold trivia. The fan who tweeted the answer first would get to be called on-air. It was later changed to "Hoodie Hang" occurring Wednesdays streaming live on YouTube via Google+ hangout.
The night before the EP was released, Hoodie announced that he would personally call every fan to thank them for buying All American. Over 30,000 signed up to receive a phone call. Hoodie has called half, and is still working on narrowing the list.
Each tour fans are encouraged to volunteer and become a member of the Hoodie Mob for the concert they will be attending. These individuals are assigned certain tasks to promote the show locally in ways such as handing out flyers, hanging posters, and inviting friends to the event on Facebook. Depending on which tasks the person completes, they may gain early entrance into the concert venue for a pre-show meet & greet and possibly receive free Hoodie Allen merchandise.
Reception.
In July 2011, Hoodie cracked the Top 10 of "Billboard"’s Uncharted Territory. For the week of August 5, 2011, He was #2 on "Billboard"’s Uncharted Territory, with "Billboard" noting that his "growing popularity is undeniable."
On April 10, 2012, Hoodie's "All American" EP went to #1 on the iTunes charts within hours of its release. "All American" also debuted at #10 on Billboard's Top Albums and was featured on its hip-hop and R&B column, The Juice.

</doc>
<doc id="31213397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213397" title="Humberston Wright">
Humberston Wright

Humbertson Wright was a British film actor, born 1885, London, England, UK. He is sometimes credited as Humberstone Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="31213427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213427" title="STAR India">
STAR India

STAR India is an Indian media and entertainment company, owned by 21st Century Fox. It is headquartered in Mumbai, with regional offices in cities Delhi and Chennai.
STAR India's portfolio includes 33 channels in eight languages.
History.
Before 1993.
Star TV was a joint venture between Hutchison Whampoa and Li-Ka Shing and was established to launch such a service. Li-Ka Shing's son, Richard, was CEO. It was launched in 1991. In early 90s, Star India included Star Plus (then an English-language entertainment channel), Prime Sports (later became Star Sports), Mtv (through a tie up with Viacom), Star Movies and Zee TV (belonging to Subhash Chandra). Star TV was beamed out of Asiasat satellite.
In 1993, Rupert Murdoch brought a 64 percent stake in Star TV for $525 million. Star was originally broadcasting content from Rupert Murdoch's Fox Broadcasting and thus a synergy was envisioned. In 1995, Zee TV and Star signed an agreement to promote each other's content on their respective networks. Thus ads for Star programs began to appear on Zee and vice versa. This agreement was however short-lived as Star's English-language entertainment channel Star Plus started broadcasting Hindi content. By 1997, Star Plus became a 100% Hindi-language entertainment channel and Star TV launched Star World a separate channel that broadcast content formerly shown by Star Plus.
After 1993.
In 1993 News Corporation purchased 63.6% of STAR for over $500 million, followed by the purchase of the remaining 36.4% in 1 January 1993. Murdoch declared that: 
In the years after Murdoch purchased Star, an agreement with Subhash Chandra prohibited Star from creating Hindi-language programming, so Star relied mainly on English-language imported programming. Star was third in Indian market share (3%) behind Zee TV (12%) and Sony (11%). For four years until 1999, Star had losses of nearly US$500 million. Consequently, Murdoch revamped Star management; programming chief Sameer Nair decided to start creating Hindi-language programming to target "mass instead of class."
In August 2009, STAR Broadcasting Corporation revealed a restructure to its Asian broadcast businesses into three units – STAR India, STAR, and Fox International Channels Asia.
STAR India also manages News Corporation's interests in seven ventures including DTH operator Tata Sky; cable system Hathway, channel distributor Media Pro Enterprise, south Indian broadcast business of STAR Vijay, the film producor and distributor Fox Star Studios India and STAR CJ Alive Home Shopping. 
STAR India entered into High Definition broadcasting on 15 April 2011 with the launch of the HD versions of its channels, including Star Plus HD, Star Movies HD, Star World HD, Star Gold HD and National Geographic Channel India HD.
Star CJ Alive.
Star CJ Alive is an Indian television shopping channel which was started between Star India and CJ Group of South Korea in 2009. It is a 24/7 shopping channel which in its starting stage used STAR Utsav for hosting the television marketing programs in six-hour slots. In its initial years, the programs were aired in Hindi, the language of India. Star CJ Alive and depends mainly on infomercials. On 14 November 2012 Star CJ Alive appointed Kenny Shin as CEO for India.
Business results.
In August 2012 Business Line of The Hindu group reported that Star CJ Alive is claiming an average sales of products worth Rs. 9.5 million on week days and Rs. 12 million on weekends. Approximately 65% of the sales come from electronics segment while household segment stands second in the race. In December 2012, some sections of the media reported that Rupert Murdoch run News Corp may exit Star CJ by selling its entire stake to Providence Equity Partners. This share transfer reportedly ran into trouble when the Department of Revenue discovered that funds from other jurisdictions were being channelised to exploit Indo Mauritius double taxation avoidance agreement.
List of channels provided.
Star India currently provides the following channels.
National Sports Network in India.
STAR sports group has planned to build a national sports network in India. The plan includes broadcasting in Indian languages. Starting from regional language Hindi to expansion for South Indian languages Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada. ESPN was renamed Star Sports 4, STAR Cricket was renamed Star Sports 3, Star Sports was renamed to Star Sports 1 and Star Sports 2 kept its name. Star Cricket HD and ESPN HD will be renamed Star Sports 1 HD and Star Sports 2 HD respectively. STAR SPORTS 3 will be predominantly a Hindi-only channel. STAR plans to start with cricket, field hockey and football (soccer) initially. Domestic cricket of India like Deodhar Trophy and Ranji Trophy are considered. Besides this two non-professional leagues like the University Cricket and University Field Hockey are also panned to be launched by STAR. In football, Barclays Premier League is also considered for regional broadcasting by STAR.
Currently STAR has broadcast the 2013 Champions Trophy of Cricket in Hindi with Devanagari script. STAR has also started to broadcast Barclays Premier League with Hindi commentary. More over 2013 Men's Hockey Asia Cup and 2013 Indian Badminton League are also broadcast with Hindi commentary by STAR. Currently the NKP Salve Challenger Trophy 2013 is being broadcast in Hindi on STAR SPORTS 2. More over Sultan of Johor Cup is also being broadcast in Hindi on ESPN.

</doc>
<doc id="31213446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213446" title="Wendlinger">
Wendlinger

Wendlinger is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31213456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213456" title="Bandy World Championship for women 2010">
Bandy World Championship for women 2010

The Bandy World Championship for women 2010 was contested between 6 bandy playing countries. The championship was played in Drammen, Norway from 24 to 27 February.

</doc>
<doc id="31213473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213473" title="Bruce F. Beilfuss">
Bruce F. Beilfuss

Bruce Frederich Beilfuss (January 8, 1915 – August 18, 1986) was an American jurist from Wisconsin.
Born in Withee, Wisconsin, Beifuss graduated from Neilsville High School. Beifuss then received his bachelors and law degrees from University of Wisconsin–Madison. He served on the Clark County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors and was district attorney of Clark County. During World War II, Beilfuss served in the United States Navy. In 1953, Beilfuss was elected a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge. In 1963, he was elected to the Wisconsin Supreme Court and became chief justice of the court in 1973 retiring in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31213490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213490" title="Marshall's pygmy chameleon">
Marshall's pygmy chameleon

Marshall's pygmy chameleon (Rhampholeon marshalli), also called Marshall's leaf chameleon or Marshall's dwarf chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in the forests of Zimbabwe and Mozambique in Africa. It grows from 3.5 to 7.5 cm (1.25 to 3 in) and feeds on insects. When standing still, it resembles a leaf on a branch.
Identification.
Marshall’s leaf chameleon is unmistakable. It is the only such tiny chameleon in its range (sympatric with "Chamaeleo dilepis quilensis", the flap-necked chameleon to a degree). This is a tiny species of 3.2-7.5 cm (females being slightly larger). Isolated populations have distinct size variations; for example, those found just to the north of Mutare appear to be larger than those just to the south (separated by deep valleys). It has a dorsoventrally flattened head and body with prominent ribs and apparent venation, giving it the appearance of a leaf. Its colour variations are from deep brown to yellowish green according to the camouflage required for the situation. Males are usually more brightly coloured.
Sexing.
Males, being slightly smaller, having a distinct penial swelling at the base of the tail, and a greener throat with a row of defining white or yellow tubercle spots, are relatively easy to distinguish from females.
Sympatric species.
Little habitat overlap occurs as that of" C. dilepsis" approaches the range of Marshall's leaf chameleon. "C. dilepis" is rare, found in low, probably transitory population densities at the altitudes inhabited by "R. marshalli", preferring the sunnier grasslands and forest margins.
Karyotopic taxonomy.
Wright 1973 confirms the number and form of the chromosomes from specimens provided by Broadley put "R. marshalli" in the genus "Rhampholeon" with "Rhampholeon spectrum", the type species for the genus having 36 pairs of chromosomes like the other members of this genus.
Distribution.
This species is found largely in the Eastern Highlands of Zimbabwe and the adjacent upland forest of Mozambique.
Habitat.
The patches of relict montane forest found in the Nyanga, Bvumba, Himalaya and Chimanimani Mountains are the primary habitats. They can be found in the cool, damp interior of the forest, mostly in the undercanopy and on the forest margins. These forest patches are surrounded by vast expanses of montane grassland, but are often so far apart as to be isolated from one another, but forest along the numerous mountain streams may link these very limited habitats. Marked specimes surveyed over a long time appeared not to travel far at all, usually less than 15 m.
Natural history.
"Rhampholeon marshalli" seems to inhabit the subcanopy and leaf litter of the relict cloudforests. Major canopy trees include "Syzigium" and "Ficus". These forest are rich in fern and liane species. Forest margins have prickly species of "Ilex" and "Rubus" briars. How far up the canopy these creatures ascend is not known, but they tend to be found in the leaf litter or low shrubs. The winters in these (evergreen) forests are sharp and very cool; a period of brumation seems llikely to occur for these tiny lizards. They eat insects, though these forests seem to be fairly depleted now.
Reproduction.
In the rains (November to March), Marshall's leaf chameleon lays a small clutch of embryonated eggs that hatch quickly. Humphreys photographed a gravid female excavating a hole in the forest soil and laying a clutch. One egg was exhumed and found to contain a fully developed embryo. After 35 days, the eggs hatched and the tiny juveniles dispersed. Juveniles are relatively large at 22–25 mm long.
Conservation.
Like other small mountain chameleons, this species appears to have population spikes and collapses. Their ranges do not appear to be threatened and much of their habitat is safe in Zimbabwe in the Nyanga National Park (where introduced tree species of wattle and pine are being eradicated to allow natural forest to re-emerge), Stapleford Forest Reserve, Bunga National Park and Botanical Garden, the Chimanimani National Park, and the Chirinda Forest Reserve. However, the tiny relic cloud forest patches are under constant threat from excessive collection of firewood and clearance for coffee, tea and protea plantations. Also, the corridors that once connected populations have indubitably diminished.

</doc>
<doc id="31213529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213529" title="Congress Dances">
Congress Dances

Congress Dances is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Erik Charell and starring Lilian Harvey, Conrad Veidt and Henri Garat. It was an English-language version of the German film "Der Kongreß tanzt". A separate French-language version "Le congrès s'amuse" was also made. It is centered around the Congress of Vienna where an Austrian commoner is mistaken for the Tsar of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31213546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213546" title="Angus Cameron">
Angus Cameron

Angus Cameron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31213560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213560" title="List of airlines of Kuwait">
List of airlines of Kuwait

This is a list of airlines currently operating in Kuwait.

</doc>
<doc id="31213562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213562" title="Neil Parrott">
Neil Parrott

Neil C. Parrott (born July 30, 1970) is an American politician who represents District 2B in the Maryland House of Delegates.
Background.
Born and raised in Maryland, Parrott graduated from Old Mill High School in 1988. He went on to the University of Maryland at College Park where he graduated with a B.S. degree in Civil Engineering in 1994; he subsequently obtained his Professional Engineers License in 2000. He later attended graduate school and in 2006 graduated from Mount Saint Mary's University with an MBA.
Parrott began his career at the Maryland State Highway Administration where he concentrated on traffic engineering. He went on from there to become the Deputy Director of Public Works for the City of Frederick. After that, Mr. Parrott began working full time at Traffic Solutions Incorporated (TRSI), a traffic engineering firm he founded.
In the legislature.
Parrott was sworn in as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates in January, 2011. He was assigned to the House Judiciary Committee.
Ballot initiatives.
In 2012, Parrott founded an organization, MDPetitions.com, to coordinate petitioning laws he opposes to be placed on ballot initiatives. That year, his organization was successful in putting three laws on the ballot—marriage equality for gay and lesbian couples, in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants, and a proposed Congressional redistricting map—but all three were upheld by Maryland voters. Two later petition attempts by the organization—a 2013 bill abolishing the death penalty in Maryland, and a 2014 bill ensuring employment and housing protections for transgender Marylanders—fell short of the threshold to get on the ballot.

</doc>
<doc id="31213564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213564" title="Keith Makubuya">
Keith Makubuya

Keith Makubuya (born January 26, 1993 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is a Canadian soccer player, currently playing for Niagara United of the Canadian Soccer League.
Career.
Youth.
Makubuya began his youth career with St.Catharines Concord soccer club. He continued his youth career with North Mississauga Soccer Club.
Professional.
In 2009 Makubuya joined TFC Academy and played for the Academy team in the Canadian Soccer League. In late January 2011 it was announced that Makubuya would travel with Toronto's Senior team to Turkey for preseason training camp, Makubuya was one of four academy players invited to travel. After impressing during the preseason training camp he signed with Toronto FC on March 17, 2011. 
Makubuya made his debut for Toronto's first team against the Vancouver Whitecaps on March 19, 2011 as a second half sub for Nick Soolsma. The game ended as a 4-2 away defeat for Toronto in the leagues first ever all Canadian match-up.
Makubuya was released by Toronto on November 15, 2012. Makubuya signed for Niagara United for the 2013 CSL season.
Club Statistics.
Last updated on August 15, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31213574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213574" title="Frank Howard Dodd">
Frank Howard Dodd

Frank Howard Dodd (12 April 1844 in Bloomfield, New Jersey – 10 January 1916 in New York City) was a United States publisher.
Biography.
He prepared at Bloomfield Academy to enter Yale, but instead went into the New York publishing house of his father, M. W. Dodd. To this business he succeeded in 1870, forming a partnership with Edward S. Mead. Six years later Bleecker Van Wagenen joined the firm and the name was changed to Dodd, Mead and Company. Beside publishing books in all departments of literature, the firm, under F. H. Dodd's supervision, founded "The Bookman" in 1895 and in 1902 "The New International Encyclopædia" which succeeded the "International Cyclopædia" of earlier years.
Dodd was president of the American Publishers' Association for a number of years and had various civic and philanthropic interests, being largely instrumental, as president of the Fourth Avenue Association, in the business development of that street. He was a member of the New York Chamber of Commerce and a trustee for the New York Kindergarten Association and the Greenwich Savings Bank. He was a member of the Century Club and City Club of New York City, and the National Club of London.

</doc>
<doc id="31213577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213577" title="Joos van Winghe">
Joos van Winghe

Joos van Winghe (1544–1603) was a Flemish Renaissance painter.
Biography.
According to Karel van Mander he was born in Brussels in 1544 and travelled to Rome where he lived with a Cardinal for four years. When he returned to Brussels he became court painter to the Prince of Parma until he left the country in 1584 as a consequence of the Fall of Antwerp. He settled in Frankfurt and his place at Parma's court was taken by Otto van Veen. He died in Frankfurt in 1603, aged 61. Van Mander mentions several pieces by his hand in Brussels, Frankfurt, and Amsterdam.
According to the RKD who spent four years travelling in Rome, Parma, and Paris before returning to Brussels in 1568. In 1585 he moved to Frankfurt, where he became a citizen (burgher) in 1588 and stayed. He was the father of the painter Jeremias van Winghe, and is known for portraits and genre works, as well as book title pages.

</doc>
<doc id="31213579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213579" title="Richard Muhlberger">
Richard Muhlberger

Richard C. Muhlberger (born 1938 in New Jersey, USA) is an American art critic, and museum curator. He was Curator of Education for the Worcester Art Museum. He later became a professor of art history at Western New England College, and the vice-director for the Metropolitan Museum of Art, but he is best recognized for his analysis of many famous art pieces. 
Career.
Some of the most famous pieces Muhlberger has critiqued are done by Rembrandt, Leonardo da Vinci, and Pablo Picasso. Along with being a critic, Muhlberger was also a writer. He is known for a series containing critiques of illustrious authors. This series is made up of several books, "What makes a Rembrandt a Rembrandt?", "What makes a Van Gogh a Van Gogh?", "What makes a Monet a Monet?", "What makes a Degas a Degas?", "What makes a Cassatt a Cassat?", "What makes a Goya a Goya?", "What makes a Bruegel a Bruegel?", What makes a Leonardo a Leonardo?", "What makes a Raphael a Raphael?", and "What makes a Picasso a Picasso?". More of his written works include a series titled "The Bible in Art". It contains the following books "Bible in Art: The Old Testament" and, "Bible in Art: The New Testament". Muhlberger's latest work is called "Charles Webster Hawthorne: Paintings and Watercolors".

</doc>
<doc id="31213580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213580" title="Jussi Pesonen (ice hockey)">
Jussi Pesonen (ice hockey)

Jussi Pesonen (born May 23, 1979) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for KalPa of the SM-liiga.
Personal.
Pesonen's brother is Harri Pesonen.

</doc>
<doc id="31213588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213588" title="Cabarceno Natural Park">
Cabarceno Natural Park

The Natural Park is located in Cabárceno, Pisueña Valley (region of Pas-Miera) from Santander, located in a former iron mine removal in the town of Cabárceno Township Penagos (Cantabria, Spain). The park belongs to Cantur, a public company to promote tourism under the Government of Cantabria.
Cabárceno Park has two roles: one is the conservation of endangered species and the other is environmental education.
Cabárceno Park.
"The natural park of Cabárceno" is neither a conventional zoo nor a natural park ("parque natural") in the normal Spanish use of the term. It is a naturalized space reclaimed from of a former open pit mine to the primitive beauty of the karst landscape.
The natural park is home to a hundred animal species from five continents living in semi-free conditions, which are distributed in large enclosures where one or more species coexist.
Except for food provided to them, the rest of the animal's activities are marked by their almost total freedom. Almost all of them trigger fights and mating season struggles for control of females.
More than of roads cross the park, leading to gorges, lakes, and rock figures. Throughout the park are parking areas and trails.
Reptiles.
Poisonous snakes such as cobras, rattlesnakes, and giant snakes, and turtles and lizards, can be seen. The reptiles' section is located at the entrance of Obregon Park, next to the café La Mina.
Animals.
The park has many animal species, for example:
Facilities.
The Nature Park Cabárceno hosts throughout the year thousands of people.
The facilities that host animals are internationally recognized as one of the best there exist in the world.
Facilities available at the park include nursing, public phones, ATM, reptiles, environmental classroom, picnic areas, parking areas, self-service, cafeteria, restaurant, and souvenir shops.
Located in the heart of the Park, opposite the exhibition of ostriches and antelopes. A cafeteria and souvenir shop, with snacks, sandwiches and drinks. It has a terrace with the bear enclosure in the background. The Restaurant "Bears" has a capacity for 280 diners.
Located in the area of environmental education, has a capacity of 400 guests.
Located next to the elephant enclosure and the lake of the same name. 
Located next to the reptile house at the main entrance of the park. It has a gift shop and terrace.
Botanical routes.
There are 24 of the 100 trees in the park grown in three of the most visited places: tigers, hyenas, wolves and lions.
Botanical paths are paths that are located near animal enclosures, in which plant species are displayed.
In the gardens there are yew, oak, walnut, bamboo, birch, olive, oak, pine, cherry, horse chestnut, alder, oaks, holly, cypress, laurels, figs, bananas, strawberry, laurel, oleander, Atlas cedar, ginkgo, an ornamental barberry (Bordeaux color), mock orange, pistosporos, etc. ..
Hyenas: birch, olive, cherry, oak (also known as cajiga or Carbayo), oaks, chestnut oaks, elders, etc.
Lobos: laurel, willow, oak, lime and beech trees.
Pines, olive trees, oaks, chestnut, fig, maples, oaks, chestnuts pines, maritime pine trees, cherry, medlar, oleander, Pyracantha, cordelynes, griñoleras, etc.
Environmental education center.
The Environmental Education Workshop Nature Park Cabárceno has educational programs for grade levels between 3 and 18.
Scientific activity.
One of the issues that justify the existence of zoos today in addition to the conservation of endangered species is undoubtedly the ability to undertake research to assist the conservation of these species.
So the park has pioneered, in collaboration with the Deutsches Primatenzentrum and the University of Göttingen (Germany), the development of techniques that have allowed the knowledge of the sexual cycle in female African elephant by noninvasive methods (using samples feces and urine).
The park collaborates in behavioral studies of the male African elephant, verifying, also by non-invasive, hormone profiles and thereby study the reason for the highly aggressive showing male elephant at certain times of the year. Known by the name "Musht", in this state the male is dangerous and causes accidents.
The park collaborates with zoos and partnerships in the conservation of endangered species like tigers, lions, bobcats, rhinos, etc.
The park is a member of AIZA and EAZA (Iberian Association of Zoos and Aquaria European), of Endangered Species threatened with Extinction (EEP) and in the herd books (studbook) of most species in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="31213594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213594" title="Esporte Clube Tupy">
Esporte Clube Tupy

Esporte Clube Tupy, commonly known as Tupy, is a Brazilian football club based in Vila Velha, Espírito Santo state.
History.
The club was founded on October 16, 1938. They won the Campeonato Capixaba Second Level in 2001.
Stadium.
Esporte Clube Tupy play their home games at Estádio Gil Bernardes da Silveira, nicknamed "Estádio Toca do Índio". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31213601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213601" title="Carl Richard Moore">
Carl Richard Moore

Carl Richard Moore (December 5, 1892–October 16, 1955) was an American endocrinologist.
He was born in rural farm region of Greene County, Missouri and received his early education in nearby Springfield. After graduating from High School, he attended Drury College where he acquired an interest in biology. In 1913, he obtained his B.S. degree, then worked as an assistant at Drury to earn his M.S. in 1914. With the granting of a fellowship, he attended the University of Chicago where he was awarded his Ph.D. in 1916, with a thesis on the fertilization and parthenogenesis in sea urchin eggs. He became an associate in the university's zoology department from 1916–1918, then an instructor, a full professor in 1928 and chairman of the department in 1934. He was married to Edith Naomi Abernethy in 1920.
Carl Moore is noted for his studies of the reproductive tract of male mammals and the physiology of spermatozoa. In 1929, Carl Moore, T. F. Gallagher and F. C. Koch became the first to extract the male sex hormone androsterone.
During his career, he served as vice president of the "American Society of Zoologists" (1926); president of Section F, the "American Association for the Advancement of Science" (1943) and president of the "American Association for the Study of Internal Secretions" 1944).
He served as editor of the "Biological Bulletin" and the "Physiological Zoology" journals. In 1948 he was awarded an honorary Sc.D. by Drudy College in 1948. In 1941 he received the Francis Amory Award by the "National Academy of Arts and Science". He received the award of the "American Urological Association" in 1950 and the Medal and Certificate of Award from the "Endocrine Society" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="31213608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213608" title="Epoch (Russian magazine)">
Epoch (Russian magazine)

Epoch () was a Russian literary magazine published in 1864-65 by Fyodor Dostoyevsky and his brother Mikhail.
Publication history.
The first two combined numbers of "Epoch", for January and February, 1864, were published in March, 1864, containing the opening chapters of "Notes from Underground" by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. "Notes from Underground" took up the first four issues of the magazine. His story "The Crocodile" was published in the last issue. "The Crocodile", taken as an attack on Nikolay Chernyshevsky, and his article "Mr -bov and the Question of Art", criticising the views of Nikolay Dobrolyubov, created considerable controversy between Dostoyevsky and Russian liberals. 
After Mikhail Dostoyevsky's death in 1864, Fyodor became chief editor. He was forced to discontinue publication of the magazine in February 1865 due to financial problems. 
Along with Dostoyevsky's works, "Epoch" published articles by Apollon Grigoryev and Nikolay Strakhov, stories by major writers such as Ivan Turgenev and Nikolai Leskov, and the popular fiction of Vsevolod Krestovsky and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31213615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213615" title="Page of Life">
Page of Life

Page of Life is the fourth studio album by Jon and Vangelis. It was recorded 1986 in Athens and Rome and released in 1991 by Arista Records, and is, as of 2014, their last studio collaboration as a duo. It was initially unavailable in the United States but was later re-released by Higher Octave with the bonus track "Change We Must", but missing four other tracks and other differences.
Reception.
Allmusic reviewer Jonathan Widran describes the songs on "Page of Life" as "amazing showcases" for Anderson's singing and Vangelis' instrumentation; the lyrics are described as "clever social commentary". Widran singles out for praise the songs "Garden of Senses", "Anyone Can Light a Candle" and "Is It Love", which he describes as "whimsical and elegant."
The "Kitchener-Waterloo Record" describes the album as "a thoroughly pleasant album", with the title track featuring "overblown lyrics but a gorgeous vocal and instrumental performance". The "Record" also praises Vangelis' guitar sound on the fifth track, "Little Guitar".
Tracklist.
Alternate US release.
The alternate US version was released in 1998, and is not approved by Vangelis. This alternate version is vastly different from the original release:
2013 Remaster.
In 2013, Cherry Red Records released a remastered version of "Page of Life"", along with five other Vangelis albums. It contains the same tracks as the original 1991 album plus one bonus track, "Sing With Your Eyes".

</doc>
<doc id="31213619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213619" title="Craig Applegath">
Craig Applegath

Craig Applegath is an architect and principal at DIALOG, a multidisciplinary architecture, engineering, interior design, planning and urban design services firm. He is a current member of the Canada Green Building Council and was a founding Board Member of Sustainable Buildings Canada. He is also a past President of the Ontario Association of Architects and was made a Fellow of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada (FRAIC) for his service to the profession.
Resilience.
Applegath is the founder and moderator of ResilientCity.org, a not-for-profit network devoted to exploring planning and building design strategies to help cities develop the capacities to adapt to the impacts of climate change and energy scarcity in the context of demographic change.
ResilientCity.org employs the following working definition of resilient cities:
This definition stems from the pioneering work on resilience of C.S. Holling. Ecological resilience is the capacity of a natural system to absorb disturbance and reorganize while undergoing change so as to still retain essentially the same function, structure, identity, and feedbacks.
Applegath is also co-author of "Resilient Edmonton: Why and How?", a white paper commissioned by the City of Edmonton that was used in the city's public consultation process in support of developing its new environmental strategic plan, The Way We Green.
Conferences and Presentations.
Applegath has presented at conferences and workshops across North America on the topic of architecture and urban design in view of climate change and energy scarcity. Some of his notable speaking and facilitation engagements include:

</doc>
<doc id="31213640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213640" title="Boyle Hotel – Cummings Block">
Boyle Hotel – Cummings Block

The historic 1889 Boyle Hotel sits at the corner of Boyle Avenue and First Street in the East Los Angeles community of Boyle Heights. The building was formerly a hotel and a grocery store, and contains both Queen Anne and Richardson Romanesque influences. In 2007 the building was declared a Los Angeles Cultural Monument.
The building is to be rehabilitated by East LA Community Corporation as affordable housing.. Ernesto Espinoza is the Director of Real Estate Development for East LA Community Corporation who helped line up the $25 million in public and private subsidies to develop 51 units of affordable housing at the Boyle Hotel – Cummings Block and adjacent parcels. ELACC will be adding a new 20-unit apartment building and joining it with the Boyle Hotel – Cummings Block. Construction is currently in process by Westport Construction Corporation/ICON Builders.

</doc>
<doc id="31213650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213650" title="Melba Alspaugh">
Melba Alspaugh

Melba Irene Alspaugh (1925 – February 16, 1983) was a backup outfielder who played from through in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She batted and threw right-handed.
Born in Wichita, Kansas, Alspaugh was a light hitting outfielder with good defense and a strong throwing arm. She entered the league in 1948 with the Fort Wayne Daisies, playing for them in part of the season before joining the Rockford Peaches at the end of the year, in time to become a member of the champion team. 
In the 1948 playoffs, Rockford swept the Kenosha Comets in the first round of the best-of-five series, and also swept the Racine Belles in the second round of the best-of-five series. The Peaches then went on to win the Championship Title, beating the Daisies in the best-of-seven series, four to one games. Alspaugh hit .240 in eight playoff games (6-for-25), including a double and one stolen base, while driving in one run and scoring four times. She opened 1949 with Rockford, but was traded to the Muskegon Lassies during the midseason.
Alspaugh died in her hometown of Wichita, Kansas, at the age of 58.
Career statistics.
Batting
Fielding

</doc>
<doc id="31213651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213651" title="When I Fall in Love (Sacha Distel album)">
When I Fall in Love (Sacha Distel album)

'When I Fall in Love is an album by Sacha Distel, released by Mercury Records in 2003 and features collaborations with Dionne Warwick and Liza Minnelli.

</doc>
<doc id="31213660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213660" title="Givers">
Givers

Givers (stylized as GIVERS) are an indie pop group from Lafayette, Louisiana. The band is made up of vocalist and percussionist Tiffany Lamson, vocalist and guitarist Taylor Guarisco, drummer and vocalist Kirby Campbell, bassist and guitarist Josh LeBlanc, and flautist, saxophonist, and keyboardist Nick Stephan. The band's origins date to Hurricane Katrina in 2005, which displaced Lamson and Guarisco from their New Orleans apartment and school, leading them to return to Lafayette with little to do. The duo began playing music together, and they recruited the other members shortly before a last-minute performance at a local pub in 2008. The band came together as the result of the unplanned, improvised jam. 
The members of Givers have previously performed in zydeco, jazz and Cajun groups. Following a touring stint with the Dirty Projectors and their debut 2009 EP, the band recorded their debut album and signed to Glassnote Records. The band's debut studio album, "In Light", was released in June 2011 to favorable critical reviews.
History.
Early years and formation (2005-09).
Givers was formed in 2008 in Lafayette, Louisiana by Tiffany Lamson, Taylor Guarisco, Kirby Campbell, Josh LeBlanc, William Henderson, and Nick Stephan. The band knew one another from high school in Lafayette, where "there's two or three clubs and everybody plays there and supports each other." Guarisco had toured with a zydeco band, while the other future members dabbled in Cajun and jazz music. Lamson grew up with gospel music as her parents were pastors, and she sang in the church band; she instead focused on feeling the music emotionally while the other members studied music. The band's earliest origins date to when Hurricane Katrina hit in August 2005. Lamson had just started her freshman year at the University of New Orleans, where much of the band first met. Guarisco and Lamson were rooming together when the storm hit, leaving them with roughly 15 feet of water in their apartment. With school on hold and nowhere to live, the duo returned home with little to do, and began making music together and performing at open mic nights. While Lafayette was "suitably anonymous" before the disaster, nearly 30,000 people moved to the city following the tragedy, resulting an "explosion in culture."
Givers came together in 2008, when Lamson and Guarisco recruited Kirby Campbell, Will Henderson and Josh LeBlanc for a two-hour slot at a Lafayette pub. Lamson and Guarisco had never sung prior to joining the band, and Josh LeBlanc was a jazz trumpeter before learning the bass. The unnamed band hopped on the last-minute slot after another local band dropped off the bill, and improvised the entire set. They were phoned by the pub and invited back, and they continued to perform improvised sets. "I mean, we weren't a band, we were just making shit up," Guarisco later said. "That was how songs were created, that total free-form state where we just played and recorded and then excerpted and rearranged." The band scoured their iTunes libraries looking for interesting song titles they could narrow down for a band name; Guarisco picked a Lucky Dragons song called "Givers." The band recorded their debut EP in Campbell's bedroom, and released it online for free in 2009. After the newly christened Givers performed at Baton Rouge's stalwart music hall Spanish Moon, booking agent Aaron Scruggs gave the band what would become one the "major accidents that became very fruitful occurrences," according to Guarisco. For their Baton Rouge show, Dirty Projectors had a rare opening slot, and Scruggs gave it to Givers, who had been performing only part-time since their 2008 formation. Dirty Projectors were Guarisco's favorite band and a key inspiration in creating Givers. To prepare for the performance, the band rehearsed eight hours a day for a week. Frontman Dave Longstreth subsequently invited the band along as support for an East Coast tour.
"In Light" (2010-present).
The band recorded their debut album in January 2010 at the "magical, swampy historical" Dockside Studios in Maurice, Louisiana, which had previously hosted acts such as B.B. King, Derek Trucks, Mavis Staples and Dr. John. The group cooped up in guest rooms along the banks of the Vermilion Bayou in Maurice, and spent 20 days recording the album. In contrast to their debut EP, which was recorded in Campbell's bedroom and sporadically recorded with a list of limitations, they viewed Dockside as a virtual utopia in contrast. As they were completely separated from city life — "You can't hear cars, there's no light pollution," said Guarisco — they never found themselves distracted, simply waking up to record until "[we were dead tired" in the late night. Each song from the band's debut EP was re-recorded and revamped; the band particularly redeveloped "Meantime," in order to "recreate it in a better light."
Ra Ra Riot also discovered the band and booked the band for its 2010 tour. The band's performance at the 2010 Austin City Limits festival led to a record deal with Glassnote, who had executives in the audience. Label founder Daniel Glass had run a mile from his train to the venue to catch the performance, and was "mesmerized," later explaining "It was a visceral moment for me. I don't fall in love a lot. The only time this happened to me was when I walked into a brasserie in Paris and I met Phoenix." The band signed to Glassnote Records on February 1, 2011. In 2011, Henderson was replaced by Nick Stephan, and the group released their first full length album "In Light" on June 7. On June 13, they performed "Up Up Up", the first single off the album, on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon".
Their song "Up Up Up" is featured on EA Sports' "FIFA 12" and in the US Television Series Glee, Season 3, Episode 15 - "Big Brother" (performed by Kevin McHale and Dianna Agron), broadcast on April 10, 2012, Windows 8 Release Preview advertisement and just recently, the newly announced Nokia Lumia 720.
Givers performed at the music festival Coachella in 2012 and Lollapalooza in 2012 as well as the New Orleans Jazz Fest.
They also performed with New Orleans' Preservation Hall Jazz Band as part of their 50th Anniversary at Carnegie Hall in January of 2012.
Musical style and influences.
The sound of Givers has been described as a combination of world music and indie rock. The music of Givers suggest modern exponents of Afro-pop, and their music has been called "island pop".
The group were heavily influenced by Dirty Projectors, as well as the Talking Heads. The group has been compared to Vampire Weekend, Neon Indian and Local Natives. "What negates a good comparison and a bad comparison is not really the artist they mention, it's in the way that their face looks when they say it," said Guarisco. "The comparisons we have gotten are because of the African influence, a lot of people will pair us up with Vampire Weekend or sometimes they'll say they the Dirty Projectors and I'll say, 'Totally.'"

</doc>
<doc id="31213672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213672" title="The Flag Lieutenant (1926 film)">
The Flag Lieutenant (1926 film)

The Flag Lieutenant is a 1926 British war film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Henry Edwards, Lilian Oldland and Dorothy Seacombe. It is based on the play "The Flag Lieutenant" by W.P. Drury. The film proved to be one of the hits of the year at the British box office.
Sequels.
In 1927 Edwards starred in a sequel "The Further Adventures of the Flag Lieutenant". The play was adapted into a film again in 1932, also starring Edwards.

</doc>
<doc id="31213681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213681" title="Vilavelhense Futebol Clube">
Vilavelhense Futebol Clube

Vilavelhense Futebol Clube, commonly known as Vilavelhense, is a Brazilian football club based in Vila Velha, Espírito Santo state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil once.
History.
The club was founded on February 10, 2003. They won the Campeonato Capixaba Second Level in 2003 and the Copa Espírito Santo in 2006. Vilavelhense was eliminated in the First Round in the 2007 Copa do Brasil by Treze.
Stadium.
Vilavelhense Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Glória. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31213683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213683" title="Charlie Parker Omnibook">
Charlie Parker Omnibook

The Charlie Parker Omnibook is a collection of works by the saxophonist Charlie Parker. It is available for E-flat, B-flat, C and for all bass-clef instruments. It includes 60 pieces, transcribed by Jamey Aebersold and Ken Slone, information about the records, and practice suggestions.

</doc>
<doc id="31213699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213699" title="History of Shetland">
History of Shetland

The History of Shetland concerns the subarctic archipelago of Shetland in Scotland. The early history of the islands is dominated by the influence of the Vikings and from the 14th century on by the relationship with the Kingdom of Scotland, and then latterly as part of the United Kingdom.
Prehistory.
Due to building in stone on virtually treeless islands—a practice dating to at least the early Neolithic Period—Shetland is extremely rich in physical remains of the prehistoric eras and there are over 5,000 archaeological sites all told. A midden site at West Voe on the south coast of Mainland, dated to 4320–4030 BC, has provided the first evidence of Mesolithic human activity on Shetland. The same site provides dates for early Neolithic activity and finds at Scourd of Brouster in Walls have been dated to 3400 BC. "Shetland knives" are stone tools that date from this period made from felsite from Northmavine.
Viking expansion.
By the end of the 9th century the Scandinavians shifted their attention from plundering to invasion, mainly due to the overpopulation of Scandinavia in comparison to resources and arable land available there.
Shetland was colonised by Norsemen in the 9th century, the fate of the existing indigenous population being uncertain. The colonisers gave it that name and established their laws and language. That language evolved into the West Nordic language Norn, which survived into the 19th century.
After Harald Finehair took control of all Norway, many of his opponents fled, some to Orkney and Shetland. From the Northern Isles they continued to raid Scotland and Norway, prompting Harald Hårfagre to raise a large fleet which he sailed to the islands. In about 875 he and his forces took control of Shetland and Orkney. Ragnvald, Earl of Møre received Orkney and Shetland as an earldom from the king as reparation for his son's being killed in battle in Scotland. Ragnvald gave the earldom to his brother Sigurd the Mighty.
Shetland was Christianised in the 10th century.
Conflict with Norway.
In 1194 when king Sverre Sigurdsson (ca 1145–1202) ruled Norway and Harald Maddadsson was Earl of Orkney and Shetland, the Lendmann Hallkjell Jonsson and the Earl's brother-in-law Olav raised an army called the "eyjarskeggjar" on Orkney and sailed for Norway. Their pretender king was Olav's young foster son Sigurd, son of king Magnus Erlingsson. The "eyjarskeggjar" were beaten in the Battle of Florvåg near Bergen. The body of Sigurd Magnusson was displayed for the king in Bergen in order for him to be sure of the death of his enemy, but he also demanded that Harald Maddadsson (Harald jarl) answer for his part in the uprising. In 1195 the earl sailed to Norway to reconcile with King Sverre. As a punishment the king placed the earldom of Shetland under the direct rule of the king, from which it was probably never returned.
Increased Scottish interest.
When Alexander III of Scotland turned twenty-one in 1262 and became of age he declared his intention of continuing the aggressive policy his father had begun towards the western and northern isles. This had been put on hold when his father had died thirteen years earlier. Alexander sent a formal demand to the Norwegian King Håkon Håkonsson.
After decades of civil war, Norway had achieved stability and grown to be a substantial nation with influence in Europe and the potential to be a powerful force in war. With this as a background, King Håkon rejected all demands from the Scots. The Norwegians regarded all the islands in the North Sea as part of the Norwegian realm. To add weight to his answer, King Håkon activated the "leidang" and set off from Norway in a fleet which is said to have been the largest ever assembled in Norway. The fleet met up in "Breideyarsund" in Shetland (probably today's Bressay Sound) before the king and his men sailed for Scotland and made landfall on Arran. The aim was to conduct negotiations with the army as a backup.
Alexander III drew out the negotiations while he patiently waited for the autumn storms to set in. Finally, after tiresome diplomatic talks, King Håkon lost his patience and decided to attack. At the same time a large storm set in which destroyed several of his ships and kept others from making landfall. The Battle of Largs in October 1263 was not decisive and both parties claimed victory, but King Håkon Håkonsson's position was hopeless. On 5 October, he returned to Orkney with a discontented army, and there he died of a fever on 17 December 1263. His death halted any further Norwegian expansion in Scotland.
King Magnus Lagabøte broke with his father's expansion policy and started negotiations with Alexander III. In the Treaty of Perth of 1266 he surrendered his furthest Norwegian possessions including Man and the Sudreyar (Hebrides) to Scotland in return for 4,000 marks sterling and an annuity of 100 marks. The Scots also recognised Norwegian sovereignty over Orkney and Shetland.
One of the main reasons behind the Norwegian desire for peace with Scotland was that trade with England was suffering from the constant state of war. In the new trade agreement between England and Norway in 1223 the English demanded Norway make peace with Scotland. In 1269, this agreement was expanded to include mutual free trade.
Pawned to Scotland.
In the 14th century Norway still treated Orkney and Shetland as a Norwegian province, but Scottish influence was growing, and in 1379 the Scottish earl Henry Sinclair took control of Orkney on behalf of the Norwegian king Håkon VI Magnusson. In 1348 Norway was severely weakened by the Black Plague and in 1397 it entered the Kalmar Union. With time Norway came increasingly under Danish control. King Christian I of Denmark and Norway was in financial trouble and, when his daughter Margaret became engaged to James III of Scotland in 1468, he needed money to pay her dowry. Under Norse udal law, the king had no overall ownership of the land in the realm as in the Scottish feudal system. He was king of his people, rather than king of the land. What the king did not personally own was owned absolutely by others. The King's lands represented only a small part of Shetland. Apparently without the knowledge of the Norwegian Riksråd (Council of the Realm) he entered into a commercial contract on 8 September 1468 with the King of Scots in which he pawned his personal interests in Orkney for 50,000 Rhenish guilders. On 28 May the next year he also pawned his Shetland interests for 8,000 Rhenish guilders. He secured a clause in the contract which gave Christian or his successors the right to redeem the islands for a fixed sum of of gold or of silver. There was an obligation to retain the language and laws of Norway, which was not only implicit in the pawning document, but is acknowledged in later correspondence between James III and King Christian’s son John (Hans). In 1470 William Sinclair, 1st Earl of Caithness ceded his title to James III and on 20 February 1472, the Northern Isles were directly annexed to the Crown of Scotland.
James and his successors fended off all attempts by the Danes to redeem them (by formal letter or by special embassies were made in 1549, 1550, 1558, 1560, 1585, 1589, 1640, 1660 and other intermediate years) not by contesting the validity of the claim, but by simply avoiding the issue.
Hansa era.
From the early 15th century on the Shetlanders sold their goods through the Hanseatic League of German merchantmen. The Hansa would buy shiploads of salted fish, wool and butter and import salt, cloth, beer and other goods. The late 16th century and early 17th century was dominated by the influence of the despotic Robert Stewart, Earl of Orkney, who was granted the islands by his half-sister Mary Queen of Scots, and his son Patrick. The latter commenced the building of Scalloway Castle, but after his execution in 1609 the Crown annexed Orkney and Shetland again until 1643 when Charles I granted them to William Douglas, 7th Earl of Morton. These rights were held on and off by the Mortons until 1766, when they were sold by James Douglas, 14th Earl of Morton to Sir Laurence Dundas.
British era.
The trade with the North German towns lasted until the 1707 Act of Union prohibited the German merchants from trading with Shetland. Shetland then went into an economic depression as the Scottish and local traders were not as skilled in trading with salted fish. However, some local merchant-lairds took up where the German merchants had left off, and fitted out their own ships to export fish from Shetland to the Continent. For the independent farmers of Shetland this had negative consequences, as they now had to fish for these merchant-lairds. With the passing of the Crofters' Holdings (Scotland) Act 1886 the Liberal prime minister William Ewart Gladstone emancipated crofters from the rule of the landlords. The Act enabled those who had effectively been landowners' serfs to become owner-occupiers of their own small farms.
During the 200 years after the pawning the islands were passed back and forth fourteen times between the Crown and courtiers as a means of extracting income. Laws were changed, weights and measures altered and the language suppressed, a process historians now call "feudalization" as a means by which Shetland supposedly became incorporated into Scotland, particularly during the 17th century. The term is a nonsense because a feudal charter requires ownership by the Crown - ownership it has never had and has never openly claimed to have had. As late as the 20th century the courts declared that no land in Shetland was under feudal tenure.
The Crown might have thought that by prescription (the passage of time) it gave them ownership necessary to give out feudal charters, grants, or licenses. It certainly behaved that way. Nevertheless, this was proved wrong by the Treaty of Breda (1667). Its direct concern was the redistribution of colonial lands throughout the world after the second Anglo-Dutch war. It was signed by ‘the plenipotentiaries of Europe’ - delegations having full government power.
The Danish delegation tried to have a clause inserted to have the islands returned without delay. Because the overall treaty was too important to Charles II he eventually conceded that the original marriage document still stood, that his and previous monarchs’ actions in granting out the islands under feudal charters were illegal.
In 1669 Charles passed his 1669 Act for annexation of Orkney and Shetland to the Crown, restoring the situation much as it had been in 1469. He abolished the office of Sheriff and ‘erected Shetland into a Stewartry’, having ‘a direct dependence upon His Majesty and his officers’ (what today we would today call a Crown Dependency). Charles II also provided that, in the event of a ‘general dissolution of his majesty’s properties’ by which he clearly meant the Act of Union, Shetland was not to be included. Shetland could not be incorporated into the realm of Scotland or the proposed new union with England. The terms of the marriage document also meant that any Acts of Parliament before or after the pawning could have had no relevance to Shetland.
With the consent of Parliament, Charles was taking the exclusive rights to the islands back to the Crown for all time coming. Furthermore, he was specifically excluding Shetland from the coming Act of Union, even going so far as to say that the Act of Union itself would be null and void if Shetland were to be included.
The Crown seems on this matter to have a very poor memory, in February 1707, as part of the preparations for union with England, Queen Anne made a final transfer of Shetland to the Earl of Morton in the form of a feudal charter. According to the official line, Shetland emerges from the Act of Union as a county of Scotland, but how? There was no legislation to change it from the Stewardship set up by Charles II. Shetland did not belong to the Crown, was not part of the realm and was outside the scope of Parliamentary legislation. Despite the Union, the Stewardship survived – there still being a Steward in Shetland at least until 1822. Shetland could not possibly be both a Stewardship outside the realm and a county of Scotland within the realm at the same time. It seems Queen Anne simply swept the inconveniences under the carpet.
Several attempts were made during the 17th and 18th centuries to redeem the islands, without success. Following a legal dispute with William, Earl of Morton, who held the estates of Orkney and Shetland, Charles II ratified the pawning document by a Scottish Act of Parliament on 27 December 1669 which officially made the islands a Crown dependency and exempt from any "dissolution of His Majesty’s lands". In 1742 a further Act of Parliament returned the estates to a later Earl of Morton, although the original Act of Parliament specifically ruled that any future act regarding the islands status would be "considered null, void and of no effect".
Nonetheless, Shetland's connection with Norway has proven to be enduring. When Norway became independent again in 1906 the Shetland authorities sent a letter to King Haakon VII in which they stated: "Today no 'foreign' flag is more familiar or more welcome in our voes and havens than that of Norway, and Shetlanders continue to look upon Norway as their mother-land, and recall with pride and affection the time when their forefathers were under the rule of the Kings of Norway."
Napoleonic wars.
Some 3000 Shetlanders served in the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic wars from 1800 to 1815.
World War II.
During World War II a Norwegian naval unit nicknamed the "Shetland Bus" was established by the Special Operations Executive Norwegian Section in the autumn of 1940 with a base first at Lunna and later in Scalloway in order to conduct operations on the coast of Norway. About 30 fishing vessels used by Norwegian refugees were gathered in Shetland. Many of these vessels were rented, and Norwegian fishermen were recruited as volunteers to operate them.
The Shetland Bus sailed in covert operations between Norway and Shetland, carrying men from Company Linge, intelligence agents, refugees, instructors for the resistance, and military supplies. Many people on the run from the Germans, and much important information on German activity in Norway, were brought back to the Allies this way. Some mines were laid and direct action against German ships was also taken. At the start the unit was under a British command, but later Norwegians joined in the command.
The fishing vessels made 80 trips across the sea. German attacks and bad weather caused the loss of 10 boats, 44 crewmen, and 60 refugees. Because of the high losses it was decided to procure faster vessels. The Americans gave the unit the use of three submarine chasers (HNoMS "Hessa", HNoMS "Hitra" and HNoMS "Vigra"). None of the trips with these vessels incurred loss of life or equipment.
The Shetland Bus made over 200 trips across the sea and the most famous of the men, Leif Andreas Larsen (Shetlands-Larsen) made 52 of them.
Cultural influences.
Historical, archaeological, place-name and linguistic evidence indicates Norse cultural dominance of Shetland during the Viking period. A few place names might have Pictish origin, but this is disputed. Several genetic studies have been conducted investigating the genetic makeup of the islands' population today in order to establish its origin. Shetlanders are less than half Scandinavian in origin. They have almost identical proportions of Scandinavian matrilineal and patrilineal ancestry (ca 44%), suggesting that the islands were settled by both men and women, as seems to have been the case in Orkney and the northern and western coastline of Scotland, but areas of the British Isles further away from Scandinavia show signs of being colonised primarily by males who found local wives. After the islands were transferred to Scotland thousands of Scots families emigrated to Shetland in the 16th and 17th centuries. Contacts with Germany and the Netherlands through the fishing trade brought smaller numbers of immigrants from those countries. World War II and the oil industry have also contributed to population increase through immigration.
Population development.
The population development on Shetland has through the times been affected by deaths at sea and epidemics. Smallpox afflicted the islands in the 17th and 18th centuries, but as vaccines became common after 1760 the population increased to 40,000 in 1861. The population increase led to a lack of food and many young men went away to serve in the British merchant fleet. 100 years later the islands' population was more than halved. This decrease was mainly caused by the large number of Shetlandic men being lost at sea during the two world wars and the waves of emigration in the 1920s and 1930s. Now more people of Shetlandic background live in Canada, Australia and New Zealand than in Shetland.

</doc>
<doc id="31213721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213721" title="New National Party (Netherlands)">
New National Party (Netherlands)

The New National Party (, abbr. NNP) was a Dutch nationalist political party which existed between 1998 and 2005. It succeeded the "Volksnationalisten Nederland" (abbr. "VNN", People's Nationalists Netherlands) party which had been founded in 1997. The NNP was originally named "Nationale Partij Nederland" (National Party Netherlands) but because another party had used a similar name earlier the name was rejected by the Electoral Council (Dutch: "Kiesraad"). 
The party was first led by Egbert Perée, then by Henk Ruitenberg (ex-CP'86) and after him Florens van der Kooi. The party was considered to be successor of the Centre Party '86 (CP'86), which was banned by a Dutch court in 1998 as a "criminal organization". 
Regardless of that the NNP was never convicted under the criminal code. The party was dissolved in 2005 after many members left the party for newer parties such as the conservative rightist New Right party and the largely national socialist National Alliance party. 
The NNP worked with New Right in the "Actiecomité Stop MARTIJN" which campaigned against the pedophiles of the Vereniging MARTIJN in 2003.
Several former NNP members later became active for Voorpost, including Van der Kooi.

</doc>
<doc id="31213729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213729" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County, Georgia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County, Georgia

This is a list of properties and districts in Lee County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).

</doc>
<doc id="31213731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213731" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County, Texas

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County, Texas.
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Lee County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
There are 3 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="31213748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213748" title="Walter Shirley (clergyman)">
Walter Shirley (clergyman)

Walter Shirley (1725–1786) was an English clergyman, hymn-writer, and controversialist, of Calvinist and Methodist views.
Life.
The fourth son of the Hon. Laurence Shirley and Anne, daughter of Sir Walter Clarges, bart., he was born at Staunton Harrold, Leicestershire, on 23 September 1725. His father was youngest son of Robert Shirley, 1st Earl Ferrers; Laurence Shirley, 4th Earl Ferrers, was his elder brother, and Selina Hastings, Countess of Huntingdon, was his first cousin. 
In 1742 Walter matriculated at New College, Oxford, graduating B.A. in 1746, and the same year became rector of Loughrea, County Galway. His family connection with the Countess of Huntingdon brought him into intimate touch with the revivalist movements of the time. He became friendly with the Wesleys and George Whitefield, and from about 1758 he was one of the most loyal friends they had within the Church of England, which he belonged to all his life. He was often absent from Loughrea, and he became familiar speaker at English and Irish revivalist meetings. Robert Southey remarks that his intentions in his advocacy of Wesley were better than his judgment, since he belonged to the most dogmatic section of the movement. His work as a revivalist preacher brought him repeatedly into conflict with his bishop and fellow clergy. The bishop of Clonfert censured him in June 1778 and advised him to drop his Methodism, while some clergymen petitioned the archbishop to reprimand him for preaching in Plunkett Street Chapel, Dublin.
In the Methodist controversy on justification by faith provoked by John Wesley's Arminianism and the proceedings at the conference of 1770, Shirley took an active part on the Calvinist side with his cousin, the Countess of Huntingdon, as whose chaplain he acted for a time, and Augustus Toplady. A circular issued by him inviting the clergy and laity to oppose Wesley drew from John William Fletcher of Madeley his ‘Checks to Antinomianism,’ and Shirley's influence embittered the dispute. William Romaine, Henry Venn, and John Berridge were among his close associates. His portrait hung in the library of Cheshunt College, in the foundation of which he took an interest.
In his later years he suffered from dropsy, and of this he died on 7 April 1786; he was buried in St. Mary's Church, Dublin.
Works.
His published works are: 
His best known works are hymns. In 1774 he assisted the Countess of Huntingdon in revising the hymns used in her chapels, and the collection included some of his own work. He is author of the missionary hymn, ‘Go, destined vessel, heavenly freighted, go!’ written on the departure of some missionaries for America in 1772; of ‘Flow fast, my tears, the cause is great;’ ‘Source of light and power divine,’ and others.
Family.
He married, on 27 August 1766, Henrietta Maria, eldest daughter of John Phillips of Dublin, and by her had two sons and three daughters. His elder son, Walter, was father of Walter Augustus Shirley. 

</doc>
<doc id="31213756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213756" title="Koutsopoulos">
Koutsopoulos

Koutsopoulos is a Greek surname. People with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="31213760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213760" title="Oscar Cordon">
Oscar Cordon

Oscar Cordon (born January 18, 1993 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian soccer professional soccer player currently playing for Woodbridge Strikers.
Career.
Youth.
Cordon began his youth career in the Driftwood Hispanic Soccer League with Uruguay 93, then later moved to Mississauga Falcons.
Professional.
In 2009 he joined TFC Academy and played for the team in the Canadian Soccer League. Cordon made two appearances with the Toronto FC first team during the 2010 season, the first in June against Vancouver Whitecaps FC during the Nutrilite Canadian Championship and then in October against Arabe Unido during the CONCACAF Champions League group stage. 
In late January 2011 it was announced that Cordon would travel with Toronto's Senior team to Turkey for preseason training camp, being one of four academy players invited to travel. After impressing during the preseason training camp he signed with Toronto FC on March 17, 2011.
Cordon made his MLS debut on April 13, 2011 in a 0–0 home draw against Los Angeles Galaxy as a second half sub for Gianluca Zavarise.
Cordon was released by Toronto on November 15, 2012.
On July 18, 2013, Deportivo Iztapa announced they had signed Cordon. However, the two sides were unable to come to an agreement and Cordon returned to Toronto in September to complete his high school education.
Cordon joined the Woodbridge Strikers of the newly launched League1 Ontario in early 2014. He is currently both a player and a youth coach with the club.
International.
Cordon has represented Canada at various youth levels.
Club Statistics.
Last updated on August 21, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31213771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213771" title="Cut to Create">
Cut to Create

Cut to Create is a Houston, TX-based film production company specializing in producing medical-related films and business marketing videos.
Their 2010 film, Tourette Syndrome: Up Close is a short documentary featuring a camp for children with Tourette Syndrome.
Tourette Syndrome: Up Close has been nominated for a Remy Award at the 44th Annual WorldFest Film Festival in Houston. Winners will be named April 15, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31213772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213772" title="Western Society of Naturalists">
Western Society of Naturalists

The Western Society of Naturalists is a scientific organization with a strong focus on promoting the study of marine biology. Most of its members are on the Pacific coast of North America. Originally established in 1910 as the Biological Society of the Pacific, it changed its name in 1916. 
Naturalist of the Year Award.
The Naturalist of the Year Award was established in 1999 at the suggestion of Paul Dayton to "recognize those unsung heroes who define our future by inspiring young people with the wonders and sheer joy of natural history". 
1999
Larry Harris
2000
Chuck Baxter
(Hopkins Marine Station, Stanford University) 
2001
Pamela Roe (California State University, Stanislaus)
2002
John M. Engle
2003
Jeanne Bellemin
2004
Kathy Ann Miller
2005
James M. Watanabe 
2006
Brian Bingham
2007 (shared)
Genevieve Anderson
Shane Anderson
2008
Terrie Klinger
2009
Jenn Caselle
2010
Shara Fisler
2011
Megan Dethier

</doc>
<doc id="31213823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213823" title="Walter Shirley">
Walter Shirley

Walter Shirley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31213832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213832" title="Alegrense Futebol Clube">
Alegrense Futebol Clube

Alegrense Futebol Clube, commonly known as Alegrense, is a Brazilian football club based in Alegre, Espírito Santo state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil twice.
History.
The club was founded on January 30, 1971. They won the Campeonato Capixaba in 2001 and in 2002. Alegrense was eliminated in the First Round in the 2002 Copa do Brasil by Botafogo, and by Criciúma in the 2003 edition of the cup.
Stadium.
Alegrense Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Benedito Teixeira Leão. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31213833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213833" title="Paddy Ladd">
Paddy Ladd

Dr. Paddy Ladd is a Deaf scholar, author, activist and researcher of Deaf culture. He is a lecturer and MSc Coordinator at the Centre for Deaf Studies at the University of Bristol. The centre is due to be wound down and closed in the near future. He held the Powrie V. Doctor Chair in Deaf Studies at Gallaudet University, Washington DC. He completed his Ph.D. in Deaf Culture at Bristol University in 1998 and has written, edited and contributed to numerous publications in the field. His works have received international recognition. 
Dr. Ladd authored the book, "Understanding Deaf Culture: In Search of Deafhood"." He was added to the Roll of Honour of the British Deaf Association for “Outstanding Contributions to the Deaf Community in Deaf Education” (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="31213840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213840" title="Baptist Seminary of Kentucky">
Baptist Seminary of Kentucky

Baptist Seminary of Kentucky is a free-standing seminary established in 2001. It is located in Georgetown, Kentucky, on the campus of Georgetown College, and is led by President Greg Earwood. It offers a Master of Divinity degree designed to prepare men and women for Christian ministry in a local church or in a wide variety of other contexts. A concentration is available in Pastoral Care and Counseling.
BSK is a community learning together to cultivate the habits and practices of faithful Christian living, a place where students ask questions, nurture intellectual and spiritual gifts, explore Christian heritage, develop theological imagination, and pursue God’s calling on their lives. 
The BSK faculty strives to integrate the best insights of academia with a commitment to genuine spiritual formation and hands-on practice of ministry. While the seminary values Baptist roots, it aspires to a global and ecumenical vision of the church. The seminary is aligned with the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship.
Georgetown, Kentucky.
Georgetown is a beautiful small town located in the heart of horse country. It is north of Lexington, a city of just over a quarter million people. Georgetown, located off I-75, is the home of the Toyota Motor Plant; Ward Hall built in 1853 and referred to as the finest example of Greek Revival architecture in the south; the Cardome Centre, former monastery building designed for the Sisters of the Visitation in 1898; and St Francis de Sales Mission, the oldest church in the Diocese of Covington built in 1794. Georgetown is also the home of pro football's Cincinnati Bengals training camp and from the world-famous Kentucky Horse Park.
Students.
Baptist Seminary of Kentucky welcomes a wide variety of students. While a majority of students are Baptist, BSK encourages an ecumenical atmosphere and has representatives from a variety of theological perspectives. The student body is diverse, consisting of men and women from various ethnic backgrounds, surrounding states, and a wide age range. 
Faculty.
The Baptist Seminary of Kentucky faculty, led by Dr. Dalen Jackson, Academic Dean, represents a broad range of teaching experience and careful preparation. The faculty, full-time and adjunct, all hold appropriate degrees (in most cases a terminal research degree) from accredited institutions. 
Accreditation.
Baptist Seminary of Kentucky (BSK) is an Associate Member with the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada (ATS), an unaccredited status. ATS is the primary accrediting body for seminaries in the United States and Canada. BSK has begun the process of pursuing candidacy status and then membership with ATS.
Although new, free-standing institutions cannot achieve accreditation initially, BSK has been following the Standards of ATS from its inception. In terms of classroom experiences, BSK is offering quality graduate level education with faculty who hold the appropriate degrees and who teach in their areas of expertise.
Purpose statement.
"The purpose of Baptist Seminary of Kentucky is to prepare men and women sensing God's leadership for life and ministry in faithful witness to Jesus Christ in the church and the world."
History.
The founding of Baptist Seminary of Kentucky was a response to the social and religious ferment of the times, especially among Baptists in the South. Demographic, political and theological forces are reshaping this dynamic region of the country. Within the last quarter century no fewer than 15 new schools have been established to prepare people for ministry. The following is a list of significant events in the development of Baptist Seminary of Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="31213858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213858" title="Washington Shirley">
Washington Shirley

Washington Shirley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31213859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213859" title="John Christopher (herbalist)">
John Christopher (herbalist)

John Raymond Christopher (1909–1983) was an American herbalist, often called "Dr. Christopher" while not holding any doctorate. He is known for his numerous publications on herbs and natural healing, including "School of Natural Healing". He is also notable for developing over 50 herbal formulas that are used worldwide and founding The School of Natural Healing in Springville, Utah. He was hailed as America's foremost herbalist in a nationwide survey conducted by Utah Survey Associates.
Biography.
Christopher was born to European parents. He was left in a Salt Lake City, Utah orphanage and adopted by Leander and Melissa Christopher. Born with advanced rheumatoid arthritis, he endured excruciating pain. As a child, he sometimes walked with a cane or used a wheelchair. He also developed hardening of the arteries and a nearly fatal case of croup. Doctors of his day proclaimed that he would never reach the age of thirty.
As a child Ray showed interest in being a doctor who would heal people with nature's remedies.
In 1945 he was drafted into the military and was stationed at Fort Lewis where he was allowed to experiment with herbs.
After his military service he moved to Canada and studied at Dominion Herbal College in Vancouver where he obtained his degree in Naturopathy, then went on to study at the now defunct Iowa's Institute of Drugless Therapy and the now defunct Los Angeles Herbal Institute.
He spent time practicing in Olympia, Washington, Salt Lake City, Utah and Evanston, Wyoming.
In 1953 he formed the School of Natural Healing and began teaching. In 1979, he began publication of a newsletter about using herbs for healing
Christopher created more than 50 herbal formulas including Complete Tissue & Bone, Lower Bowel Formula, Blood Stream Formula, Female Reproductive Formula, Super Garlic Immune Formula, Herbal Tooth and Gum Powder and Hormonal Changease.
Christopher's son, David Christopher, began studying and working with his father and became the director of the School of Natural Healing in 1979. David has furthered the work of his father by creating additional courses and formulas. In 2009 David announced that an online version of the School of Natural Healing was being released to honor the centennial of his father's birth.

</doc>
<doc id="31213872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213872" title="Sindri Freysson">
Sindri Freysson

Sindri Freysson (born 23 July 1970 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic novelist and poet.
His first book, a collection of poems entitled "Fljótið sofandi konur" ("The River Sleeping Women"), was published in 1992. His first novel, "Augun í bænum" ("The Town has Many Eyes") received the Halldór Laxness Literature Prize in 1998, and his second book of poetry, "Harði kjarninn" ("The Hard Core"), subtitled "Spying on my own life", was nominated for the Icelandic Literary Prize in 1999. Sindri’s first book for children, "Hundaeyjan" ("The Island of Dogs") (2000), illustrated by Halla Sólveig Þorgeirsdóttir, was originally written for Sindri's daughter.
His second novel, "Flóttinn" ("The Escape"), a vivid account of the adventures and perils that a young German faces in Iceland during World War II, was published in 2004 to a critical success. His third novel, "Dóttir mæðra minna" ("Daughter of My Mothers") was published in 2009. In October 2011 Sindri Freysson reiceived the 2011 Reykjavík City Poetry Prize for his book "Í klóm dalalæðunnar" ("Prisoner of the Ground-Mist").His fourth novel, Blindhríð (Whiteout), was published to a critical acclaim in November 2013, and was nominated for the DV Cultural Prize for Literature and the Icelandic Red Feather-award for writing.

</doc>
<doc id="31213890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213890" title="GiroBank">
GiroBank

GiroBank may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31213891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213891" title="Transit Visa (novel)">
Transit Visa (novel)

Transit Visa is a novel set in 1942, by Anna Seghers.
The protagonist travels from Paris, after the German invasion, to unoccupied Marseilles. The visas and paperwork to flee become a matter of life and death.

</doc>
<doc id="31213892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213892" title="Leo Giamani">
Leo Giamani

Leo Giamani is an US predominantly gay pornographic film industry actor who started in the industry in the spring of 2008 at age 29. He identifies as bisexual and did one heterosexual scene with Luscious Lopez for Jake Cruise's website Straight Guys for Gay Eyes. His prior career was working as a fireman for six months; he has a BA in science.
He was voted QueerClick.com Man of the Year for 2008. In March 2009 he signed a joint contract with Falcon Entertainment and Randy Blue. Also in 2009, he modeled for underwear company RufSkin and was named one of Cybersockets Top 50 Porn Stars. In September 2010, it was announced he had retired from porn.
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="31213900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213900" title="Cavity perturbation theory">
Cavity perturbation theory

Cavity perturbation theory 
describes methods for derivation of perturbation formulae for performance changes of a cavity resonator. These performance changes are assumed to be caused by either introduction of a small foreign object into the cavity or a small deformation of its boundary.
General theory.
When a resonant cavity is perturbed, i.e. when a foreign object with distinct material properties is introduced into the cavity or when a general shape of the cavity is changed, electromagnetic fields inside the cavity change accordingly. The underlying assumption of cavity perturbation theory is that electromagnetic fields inside the cavity after the change differ by a very small amount from the fields before the change. Then Maxwell's equations for original and perturbed cavities can be used to derive expressions for resulting resonant frequency shifts.
Material perturbation.
When a material within a cavity is changed (permittivity and/or permeability), a corresponding change in resonant frequency can be approximated as:
where formula_1 is the angular resonant frequency of the perturbed cavity, formula_2 is the resonant frequency of the original cavity, formula_3 and formula_4 represent original electric and magnetic field respectively, formula_5 and formula_6 are original permeability and permittivity respectively, while formula_7 and formula_8 are changes in original permeability and permittivity introduced by material change.
Expression () can be rewritten in terms of stored energies as:
where W is the total energy stored in the original cavity and formula_9 and formula_10 are electric and magnetic energy densities respectively.
Shape perturbation.
When a general shape of a resonant cavity is changed, a corresponding change in resonant frequency can be approximated as:
Expression () for change in resonant frequency can additionally be written in terms of time-average stored energies as:
where formula_11 and formula_12 represent time-average electric and magnetic energies contained in formula_13.
This expression can also be written in terms of energy densities as:
Applications.
Microwave measurement techniques based on cavity perturbation theory are generally used to determine the dielectric and magnetic parameters of materials and various circuit components such as dielectric resonators. Since ex-ante knowledge of the resonant frequency, resonant frequency shift and electromagnetic fields is necessary in order to extrapolate material properties, these measurement techniques generally make use of standard resonant cavities where resonant frequencies and electromagnetic fields are well known. Two examples of such standard resonant cavities are rectangular and circular waveguide cavities and coaxial cables resonators . Cavity perturbation measurement techniques for material characterization are used in many fields ranging from physics and material science to medicine and biology.
Examples.
formula_14 rectangular waveguide cavity.
For rectangular waveguide cavity, field distribution of dominant formula_14 mode is well known. Ideally, the material to be measured is introduced into the cavity at the position of maximum electric or magnetic field. When the material is introduced at the position of maximum electric field, then the contribution of magnetic field to perturbed frequency shift is very small and can be ignored. In this case, we can use perturbation theory to derive expressions for real and imaginary components of complex material permittivity formula_16 as:
where formula_17 and formula_18 represent resonant frequencies of original cavity and perturbed cavity respectively, formula_19 and formula_20 represent volumes of original cavity and material sample respectively, formula_21 and formula_22 represent quality factors of original and perturbed cavities respectively.
Once the complex permittivity of the material is known, we can easily calculate its effective conductivity formula_23 and dielectric loss tangent formula_24 as:
where f is the frequency of interest and formula_25 is the free space permittivity.
Similarly, if the material is introduced into the cavity at the position of maximum magnetic field, then the contribution of electric field to perturbed frequency shift is very small and can be ignored. In this case, we can use perturbation theory to derive expressions for complex material permeability formula_26 as:
where formula_27 is the guide wavelength (calculated as formula_28).

</doc>
<doc id="31213902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213902" title="Aegir Hosting System">
Aegir Hosting System

Aegir is a free and open source Unix based web hosting control panel program that provides a graphical interface designed to simplify deploying and managing Drupal web sites. Aegir is built on a standard LAMP stack, and Drush, a command line shell and Unix scripting interface for Drupal. It extends Drush with various provisioning functions, and provides a Drupal-based front-end control-panel.
In addition to the GUI interface, Aegir can be accessed via the command line or an API, which enables the automation of many website-related system administration processes. Being based on Drupal and Drush, Aegir is highly extensible, and several contributed modules exist to extend its functionality.
History.
Adrian Rossouw, a long-time contributor to the Drupal project, helped develop the original Hostmaster system for deploying websites. Since then, Hostmaster has evolved into the Aegir system and contributed significantly to the command-line toolkit, Drush.

</doc>
<doc id="31213931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213931" title="78th Field Artillery Regiment">
78th Field Artillery Regiment

The 78th Field Artillery Regiment is an field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 13/32 inches (3.57 cm) in height consisting of the shield, crest and motto of the coat of arms. 
The field is red for Artillery. The gold billets are from the arms of Franche-Comté, the canton from the badge of the parent organization. The crest is the divisional shoulder sleeve insignia charged with the number of the regiment. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 78th Field Artillery Regiment on 20 April 1928. It was redesignated for the 78th Field Artillery Battalion (Armored) on 2 January 1941. It was redesignated for the 78th Armored Field Artillery Battalion on 20 April 1954. It was redesignated for the 78th Artillery Regiment on 17 November 1958. The insignia was redesignated for the 78th Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31213939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213939" title="Subglacial stream">
Subglacial stream

Subglacial streams are streams which flow in a channel at the bottom of an ice-sheet or a glacier, and are usually close to the glacier terminus or snout. These are fed by streams on top of the glacier which descend through ducts in the ice. The pressures are very high in these streams due to the huge mass of ice above them, consequently, they have very high erosive power meaning they will increase the volume of water flowing through, maintaining the high pressure. Some subglacial streams have the strange property of 'flowing' uphill due to the colossal pressures that are present.

</doc>
<doc id="31213954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213954" title="Lasta Beograd">
Lasta Beograd

Lasta (Serbian Cyrillic: Ласта), officially known in Serbian as "Saobraćajno preduzeće Lasta a.d. Beograd", is the largest bus company in Serbia and Southeastern Europe. It is part of the pan-European Eurolines network and operates bus coaches on a comprehensive network of routes throughout Serbia and Europe.
History.
The name "Lasta" first appeared as a company when it was formed by the Yugoslav government in February 1947. The company's first day of operation was on April 1, 1947. Only in 2006 did Lasta begin city transit operations in Belgrade to compliment its intercity services.
Destinations.
The company provides public transport within the city of Belgrade, intercity routes to all parts of Serbia, as well as international routes to destinations in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="31213992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213992" title="Elf Fantasy Fair">
Elf Fantasy Fair

__NOTOC__
The Elf Fantasy Fair (Elfia) is an outdoor fantasy event in the Netherlands. 
Between 2001 until 2009 it was held in the month of April. From 2009 it is held twice a year, in April at Castle de Haar, Haarzuilens and in September at Castle Arcen, Arcen. The Haarzuilens fair is the largest fantasy event in Europe and attracts some 22,500 visitors every year. The fair is managed by Stefan Struik since 2008, who also initiated the event in 2001. Next to fantasy, there is also representation of science fiction, LARP, gothic, manga, cosplay and historical reenactment genres.
Previous guests of honour included Terry Pratchett, Robert Jordan, Tarja Turunen, Stanislav Ianevski, Brian Froud and Brian Muir. The German band Faun often headlined the fair and the English lecturer Professor Rotherham regularly gives lectures in the castle's chapel.
Dates.
In 2012 the Elf Fantasy Fairs were held in Haarzuilens on 21 and 22 April 2012 and on 15 and 16 September 2012 in Arcen. In 2013 the Elf Fantasy Fairs were held in Haarzuilens on 20 and 21 April 2013 and on 14 and 15 September in Arcen. In 2014 the Elf Fantasy Fairs were planned for 19–21 April 2014. This was to be a three day event during the Easter weekend and 20 and 21 September 2014 in Arcen.
Other events.
Since the Elf Fantasy Fair proved to be a success there have been other fantasy related events held in The Netherlands such as the Gothic & Fantasy Beurs at De Broodfabriek in Rijswijk (Gothic & Fantasy Exhibition, since 2003), the Midwinter Fair at the Archeon, Alphen aan den Rijn (since 2003), Castlefest at the Keukenhof, Lisse (since 2005), the Gothic & Fantasy Fair in Arnhem (between 2007 and 2009), Keltfest near Dordrecht (since 2008), the MysticFair in Rotterdam (in 2008 and 2009), Nox Obscura (in 2008), Phantasium in Eindhoven (since 2009), Fantastic Amsterdam in Amsterdam (in 2009 and 2010) Fantasyval (since 2009). and the Midzomer Fair (Midsummer Fair, between 2010 and 2012)

</doc>
<doc id="31214004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214004" title="Kiriakidis">
Kiriakidis

Kiriakidis or Kyriakidis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31214009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214009" title="Aegon GB Pro-Series Bath">
Aegon GB Pro-Series Bath

The Aegon GB Pro-Series Bath is a tennis tournament held in Bath, Great Britain since 2011. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and the ITF Women's Circuit and is played on hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="31214014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214014" title="Biophilia (album)">
Biophilia (album)

Biophilia is the musical project and overall eighth full-length studio album by Icelandic recording artist Björk. The album was released on 10 October 2011, over four years after her previous studio album, "Volta" (2007).
The album is "partly recorded" on an iPad and, as well as a standard CD release, was released in the form of a series of apps. "Biophilia" is the world's "first app album" in collaboration with Apple. Björk has described the project as a multimedia collection "encompassing music, apps, Internet, installations, and live shows". Material from the album debuted during a concert series which was held in the summer of 2011 at the Manchester International Festival.
Background and concept.
At the end of 2010, Björk confirmed she was working on a new album. In an interview published on "Fréttablaðið" the singer stated that the project was midway through the completion and that she hoped to go on tour before the end of 2011. The project was officialised in March 2011, with the announcement of Björk performance at Manchester International Festival. The project, called "Biophilia" comprises a series of live performances, a new website, a documentary and a series of apps, besides the release as a music album which is partly composed on an iPad. The "Biophilia" Tour was said to be touring eight cities for three years and to be including a series of workshops for children in collaboration with local schools.
App development.
Björk was initially set on creating a 3D film with filmmaker Michel Gondry that delivered a combined music, nature and technology experience. Her instinct, at first, was to provide that experience through a music house, like a museum. Each room would be designated a different song, and contain interactive exhibits related to the track Unfortunately, due to his commitments with the Hollywood blockbuster The Green Hornet, Michel Gondry was not available to start on the Biophilia 3D film project. Björk decided to put the film on hold and she turned her attention to the iPad.
Through her manager, Björk reached out to a collection of app developers whose work had caught her eye and she met with them one on one and also together in Iceland. After discussions and meetings, in January 2010, the app developers together with Bjork decided that the apps would be self-funded and the profits from the apps would be divided equally. 
"Biophilia" for iPad includes ten separate apps, all housed within one "mother" app. Each of the smaller apps will relate to a different track from the album, allowing people to explore and interact with the song's themes or even make a completely new version of them. It will also be an evolving entity that will grow as and when the album's release schedule dictates, with new elements added. Every app includes a game related to the song, the score of the song created by Björk and Jónas Sen, animations and a musical essay written by Dr. Nicola Dibben. Scott Snibbe, an interactive artist who was commissioned by Björk back in the summer of 2010 to produce the app, as well as the images for the live shows (which will combine his visuals with "National Geographic" imagery, mixed live from tablet computers on the stage), describes how Björk saw the possibilities of using apps, not as separate to the music, but as a vital component of the whole project. While it is technically not the first app-album (the first is Bluebrain's "The National Mall", a location-aware album that is available in no other form and was composed specifically for the iPhone) it is Björk's first venture into experimenting with apps.
For one song, "Virus", the app will feature a close-up study of cells being attacked by a virus to represent what Snibbe calls: "A kind of a love story between a virus and a cell. And of course the virus loves the cell so much that it destroys it." The interactive game challenges the user to halt the attack of the virus, although the result is that the song will stop if the player succeeds. In order to hear the rest of the song, the players will have to let the virus take its course. Using some artistic license, the cells will also mouth along to the chorus. It's this determination to fuse different elements together, be it juxtaposing a female choir from Greenland with the bleeps and glitches of electronic music pioneers Matmos during the "Vespertine" tour, or meshing soaring strings and jagged beats on "Homogenic", that "helps explain the power and success of Björk's collaborations".
Artwork.
The artwork for "Biophilia" is based on a photo session by M/M Paris and Inez & Vinoodh. In the photographs, Björk wears a big, orange, entangled wig (by Eugene Souleiman) and a brown and golden ribbon dress (by Iris van Herpen) which features a harp-belt designed by Three-as-Four as she stands in front of a black background holding an orange crystal (likely mimetite). There are white ornaments superimposed that represent the "Biophilia Universe" designed by M/M Paris for the "Biophilia "app. In some photos, Björk is wearing a sleeveless red and blue ribbon dress with the belt, and holding a blue geode. The photo session inspired the video for "Moon".
The artwork for "Biophilia "earned M/M Paris the Grammy Award for Best Recording Package at the 2013 Grammy Awards.
Composition.
Björk has previously revealed that "Biophilia" was partly composed on a tablet computer; she has said that because she does not play conventional instruments like the piano or the guitar, this way of composing appeals to her.
"Crystalline", the first single released, is a mostly electronic song, featuring a continuous "gameleste" base and electronic beats and rhythm. After the bridge, the song features a gameleste solo, and ends with an uproarious breakcore section which uses the Amen break.
New musical instruments were specially developed for the album, and specially for the shows at the Manchester International Festival that took place in mid-2011 to introduce the album. The Tesla coil was used as a musical instrument on the song "Thunderbolt". A "gameleste", a mixture between a gamelan and a celesta which was programmed in order to be played remotely by a tablet computer, was also used in "Crystalline" and "Virus". A group of pendulums were put together, creating patterns with their moves, transmitting the movements of the Earth to the sound of a harp, making the song "Solstice".
For the music, Björk related the phenomenon the song describes to a musical structure or resource. For example; the song "Moon" has different musical cycles that repeat throughout the song; the song "Thunderbolt" contains arpeggios, inspired by the time between when lightning is seen and thunder is heard; and in "Solstice", the counterpoint makes reference to the movement of planets and the Earth's rotation, and the pendulums used on the song make tribute to the Foucault pendulum.
The lyrics also present metaphors to those phenomena. "Dark Matter" features heavy gibberish since the dark matter phenomena are directly "unexplainable". "Virus" describes "fatal relationships" such as the relationship between a virus and a cell, as Björk explained: "It's like I have this new neighbour that I have to sort of learn to live with"; "Solstice" presents the relation between the gravity effect on celestial bodies, comparing the solar system to a Christmas tree. and in "Hollow", Björk took inspiration from her "ancestors and DNA, that the grounds open below you and you can feel your mother and her mother, and her mother, and her mother, and her mother 30,000 years back. So suddenly you're this kinda tunnel, or trunk of DNA… All these ghosts come up so it ended up being a Halloween song and quite gothic in a way… It's like being part of this everlasting necklace when you're just a bead on a chain and you sort of want to belong and be a part of it and it's just like a miracle."
Björk also breaks the typical 4/4 time signature structure for many of the songs on "Biophilia". For example, "Solstice" features 7/4 and 6/4 time signatures; "Hollow", "Crystalline" and "Moon", all feature a 17/8 time signature; "Mutual Core", 5/4 time signature and "Virus", 3/4 time signature. In addition, "Dark Matter" is in free-time, it lacks a regular pulse.
Just one month before the album's release, the date was pulled back due to conceptual issues on the album. According to Björk, the album needed to have more "live feeling" and a more determinated "body" than the versions on the apps. Björk worked with long-time friend Leila Arab in re-producing "Thunderbolt", "Crystalline", "Dark Matter" and "Virus"; adding new beats to "Sacrifice" and eventually substituting the studio version of "Solstice" with a live recording from the Manchester International Festival.
Promotion.
Björk debuted songs from the album during a series of performances at the Manchester International Festival in England between 27 June and 16 July 2011. Björk called the performances a "meditation on the relationship between music, nature and technology". Björk performed "Biophilia" tracks and music from her back catalogue with a small group of musical collaborators, including Graduale Nobili, an Icelandic female choir. The show featured a range of specially-conceived and crafted instruments, among them a Tesla coil, a bespoke pipe organ that accepts digital information and a pendulum that harnesses the Earth's gravitational pull to create musical patterns. Stephen Malinowski designed some animations which are displayed for Björk's use as a teleprompter; one animation is also projected to be viewed by the audience. Malinowski's animations are also included in the app.
Björk performed at Bestival on 11 September. The press release stated that this was to be her only outdoor concert of the year. She also performed eight shows during the Iceland Airwaves Festival at Harpa in Iceland from 12 October to 3 November.
A stem of the song "Cosmogony" was released to promote the album, on the Solar System app. This instrumental was played by the Wonderbrass, the brass players who accompanied Björk in her previous album "Volta".
Björk and Michel Gondry collaborated on a video for the track, which Gondry described as "a very ambitious project, a sort of scientific musical". Björk said on her website that the collaboration was about "both zooming out, like the planets, but also zooming into the atoms. And in that way, aesthetically sympathising with sound and how sounds move and the physics of sound, and how notes in a room behave ... it's kind of more similar to how planets and microscopic things work."
On 22 November a "Crystalline" performance was broadcast on BBC2's Later... with Jools Holland. On 25 November "Cosmogony" and "Thunderbolt" were shown.
In 2012 Björk started touring the US. On 31 January she appeared on Comedy Central's The Colbert Report for an interview and to perform "Cosmogony".
On February 3 to March 5, Bjork played 10 shows in New York City. Shows from February 3 to February 18 were played at the New York Hall of Science in the Great Hall. Shows from February 22 to March 5 were played at the Roseland Ballroom. These have been Bjork's only US shows promoting Biophilia.
In 2013, Björk headlines twinkle rock festival this year, marking her first-ever live appearance on August 10 in Taipei World Trade Center Nangang Exhibition Hall, Taiwan.
Ultimate Art Edition.
The "Ultimate Art Edition" of "Biophilia" includes the "Biophilia" CD; a second CD with exclusive recordings; the "Biophilia" Manual, which includes photographs, stories behind the songs, scores and lyrics; and a wooden box with 10 chromed tuning forks, each one adjusted to the tone of a "Biophilia" track, covering a complete octave in a non-conventional scale (There are two forks which produce the same note and another one which is silent). The ultimate edition is limited to 200 copies, each one numbered and made to order, and every single book and fork pack will only be produced once.
Singles.
"Crystalline" is the lead single from the album, released on 27 June 2011. The release of "Crystalline" was preceded by three teasers: in the first, entitled "Road to Crystalline", we can see Björk driving on her van through a road in Iceland while playing an excerpt of a thus far unreleased version of the song; in the second, we could see one of the new instruments developed for the Manchester performances, which also plays on the track: the 'gameleste', a celesta which was modified so that it could be played remotely by a tablet computer; and in the third teaser, recording sessions of the remix featuring Omar Souleyman were shown. The Serban Ghenea mix of the song leaked onto the Internet on 25 June 2011.
Three songs on "Biophilia" were released in iTunes as promotional singles beside the expansion app. The first promo single-app released was "Cosmogony" on 19 July, which accompanied "Crystalline" as a double A-Side single in its physical release. It followed by "Virus" on 9 August, then "Moon" on 6 September. A music video for "Moon" was released 23 September. The rest of the apps were released on October 10 with the release of the album.
Even though it wasn't released as a single, a live performance of "Thunderbolt" from the Manchester International Festival was released as a music video on November 2, 2011. On March 6, 2012, a promotional music video for "Hollow", directed by biomedical animator Drew Berry was released. The video, previously used in the "Hollow" app, features a three-dimensional exploration of Björk's molecules and also a molecular complex based on Björk's headscan, influenced by the works of Italian painter Giuseppe Arcimboldo. A music video for "Mutual Core" was produced and has been directed by Andrew Thomas Huang; the video was released on November 13, 2012 on the MOCAtv channel.
"Biophilia" Remix Series.
On 6 March 2012, Björk announced via Pitchfork that an eight-part remix series would be released to promote "Biophilia", released digitally, on CD, vinyl and as limited edition packaging every two weeks starting 16 April 2012.
The series is divided in 3 different editions which differ only in the artwork, designed by M/M (Paris).
The digital edition features a solid colour background with ornaments superposed (each ornament corresponds to each song on the album). 
The standard edition features a picture of an Icelandic landscape split in two (each part on each side, the pics are shown completely when the package is totally open) and the name of the song in black on each side. The pictures were made available on the M/M (Paris) official Facebook profile. 
The deluxe edition is printed on embossed paper and features the title of the song in a coloured foil.
Some of the remixes were compiled on the remix album "Bastards".
Reception.
Critical.
"Biophilia" received very positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 79, based on 36 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". Critical acclaim came from BBC Music's Mike Diver, who described the album as "mesmerizing" and "an amazing, inventive and wholly unique eighth album from an artist without peer", praising both her voice as a "controlled presence" and her composition work: "Björk has crafted sounds which are entirely hers alone". Möhammad Choudhery of Consequence of Sound praised the "asteroid-bass volley" of "Mutual Core" and "apocalyptical breakbeat coda" of "Crystalline" and stated that "they blend archaic instrumentation with blistering electronica" and even if he labelled "Biophilia" as "hardly easy listening", he found that "it'll stand as one of the more rewarding albums of her storied career". "Biophilia" was named "CD of the week" by "The Daily Telegraph", whose writer Helen Brown described the album as "wilfully weird" yet "surprisingly accessible, hypnotic and beautiful if you give it time and concentration: the audio equivalent of looking through a microscope at crystals growing". According to "NME"s Luke Turner, "past the techno wizardry, the grand designs and the brainy philosophy", "Biophilia" is "intimate, playful and beautiful" and "a wonderful distillation of ideas, playful and serious, intimate yet the most fantastic journey. [... A record so particular to Björk's own artistry that no-one could ever hope to replicate it." "Now" magazine's Kevin Ritchie praised the album as "one of Björk's best and most challenging records" and that "accompanying iPad suite [... isn't required to enjoy the album, which has a satisfyingly messy and unhinged quality, much like the natural wonders that inspired it". Similarly, Gareth James of "Clash" felt that the album "sounds beautifully warm and compellingly human", and stated that "while much of the fuss around the album has centred on its innovative and hugely interactive app release, this music really doesn't need any window dressing because it's as good a collection of songs as she has put her name to in ten years".
Kyle Andersen of "Entertainment Weekly" stated that "Biophilia" is "an ingenious marriage of faerie and machine. But the singer's greatest strength remains the glistening natural resource flowing from her throat". For Heather Phares of Allmusic, ""Biophilia" is easily her most ambitious project as a whole", whose "boldest innovations are in its presentation rather than in the actual music" and "sometimes feels like a soundtrack", but further adds that "just because the music is only one part of the "Biophilia" experience doesn't mean it's unsatisfying". Phares eventually gave the album 4 out of 5 stars, also citing its "blend of education and emotion." Daniel Paton of musicOMH viewed "Biophilia" as a "synthesis of Björk's work thus far", yet "it sees her continue to pursue her own radical and individual path with unshakeable conviction." He also complimented her language, "English [...] always sounds so enticing and odd when delivered in her syntax." "Rolling Stone"s David Fricke compared the album to Nico's work, "its organ, squishy electronics and the high sighs of a women's choir in stark fields of echo, ["Biophilia" is] like a haunted digital sister of Nico's 1969 album, "The Marble Index"". Alexis Petridis of "The Guardian" wrote that ""Biophilia" never feels like hard work, however much the accompanying bumf tries to convince you it is." Despite his skepticism over interactive music and apps, he stated the quality of the music is "far less questionable". PopMatters music editor Arnold Pan complimented Björk as being "innovative by nature and eager to take risks" and praised "Biophilia"s songs, despite claiming "there are some moments on "Biophilia" that are too atmospheric and subtle [...] especially the low profile 'Dark Matter' and the overly abstract 'Hollow', with its cold modern classical stylings". Andy Gill of "The Independent" gave the album a negative review, dubbing it as "hard to love" and added that "at times, it's hard not to conclude that the music and lyrics were devised totally separately, and then forced together in forms it's difficult to acknowledge as songs". "Biophilia" was nominated for two Grammys at the 2013 55th Annual Grammy Awards for: Best Alternative Album and Best Recording Package.
Accolades.
"Biophilia" was nominated for the 2013 Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album and won the 2013 Grammy Award for Best Recording Package.
Commercial.
"Biophilia" debuted at number twenty-seven on the US "Billboard" 200 on the issue dated 29 October 2011. The album also opened at number one on the Dance/Electronic Albums, number two on the Tastemaker Albums, number five on the Alternative Albums, number eight on the Rock Albums and number nineteen on the Digital Albums. It debuted at number twenty-one on the UK Albums Chart, becoming Björk's first album not to break the top ten. In Japan, the album debuted at number eighteen with first-week sales of 6,525 copies. The following week it plunged down to number twenty-three, selling additional 4,412 units. In Taiwan, "Biophilia" debuted at number nine on the G-Music Western Albums Chart for the week of 14 October 2011, sharing the rank with Joe Jonas's album "Fastlife", with 1.03% sales volume; the album managed to outrank her previous album, "Volta", which debuted at number fourteen on the same chart over four years before. The limited edition of the album debuted at number sixteen on the Gaon International Albums Chart in South Korea, while the standard edition debuted at number twenty-two.
After a year of its release, the album reached number one on the G-Music Western albums chart in Taiwan, coinciding Bjork's concert on the territory.
Track listing.
Every song has a subtitle, announced live at the Manchester International Festival performances. While some subtitles refer to the physical phenomena related to the song, others may refer to musical resources also related to those physical phenomena. Also, every song has a characteristic color, featured on the album artwork and in the apps, and every tuning fork is also painted in the colour of the track.
The Digipak edition of the album includes one of Björk's previous non-album single, "Náttúra", while the Japanese edition will also include her 2010 Moomins tie-up single "The Comet Song".
All tracks produced by Björk, except "Crystalline", produced by Björk and 16bit and "Dark Matter" produced by Björk and Mark Bell. Additional production on "Thunderbolt", "Crystalline", "Dark Matter" and "Virus" by Leila Arab.

</doc>
<doc id="31214022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214022" title="Green World ATP Challenger">
Green World ATP Challenger

The Green World ATP Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Pingguo, China since 2011. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="31214030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214030" title="The Arcadians (film)">
The Arcadians (film)

The Arcadians is a 1927 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Ben Blue, Jeanne De Casalis and Vesta Sylva. It is a silent adaptation of the musical "The Arcadians". It is on the BFI 75 Most Wanted list of missing films, but the British Film Institute has reported that an "incomplete and deteriorating nitrate print ... was apparently viewed prior to July 2008". It was made at the Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush.

</doc>
<doc id="31214031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214031" title="Tool 2011 Tour">
Tool 2011 Tour

The 2011 Tour was a concert tour by American rock band Tool.
In late September 2010, it was revealed that Tool would be headlining New Zealand and Australia's Big Day Out Festival in early 2011, and confirmed two headline shows in Brisbane, and Melbourne.
In November 2010, the band confirmed a Hawaii show in Honolulu.
Kirk Hammett of Metallica joined Tool at their show in Honolulu. Hammett played on the song Lateralus, interpolating a portion of Metallica‘s song Orion, then returning to the ending of Lateralus.
Jeff Friedl of Ashes Divide, and Jason Johnston of Jakob joined Tool at their headline show in Melbourne, also playing Lateralus with Metallica's Orion snippet.
Till Lindemann, Christoph Schneider and Paul Landers of Rammstein joined Tool in Adelaide at their Big Day Out show. Schneider played a brief drum solo with Danny Carey before Lindemann stormed the stage and lit Schneider's drumkit on fire.
Opening act.
Jakob (January 24 and February 2, 2011) 

</doc>
<doc id="31214032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214032" title="China Soul">
China Soul

China Alexandra Soul (born 5 May 1988) is an American-British singer/songwriter. Her debut album "Secrets & Words" was released in the UK on 25 October 2010 through AS:Music. She is the daughter of actor/singer David Soul and actress Julia Nickson-Soul.
Career.
Soul began playing music and writing songs at the early age of 14. Songs such as debut single ‘Cold’, title track ‘Secrets & Words’, ‘Into the White’ and ‘Long Way Back’ all appear on Soul’s debut album, "Secrets & Words", and were written when she was just 16. She can now be found entertaining the crowds in London's Covent Garden.
In April 2014, Soul joined the cast of Chaplin's Circus, playing the part of Ruth Etting, an American singing star and actress of the 1920s and '30s.
Debut album.
In late 2008, Soul met Chaz Jankel of The Blockheads (formerly Ian Dury and the Blockheads) and Jankel began producing and co-writing what was to become Soul’s debut album "Secrets & Words". Soul’s debut single ‘Cold’ was released through AS:Music in the United Kingdom on 18 October 2010. The album was released one week later on 25 October 2010. In November 2010, Soul was invited onto the Dermot O'Leary BBC Radio 2 show for a live session and interview where she played "Cold" and a cover of the Rod Stewart song "You're in my Heart". On 1 May 2011, Soul appeared on the Aled Jones BBC Radio 2 show for a live interview and performance of her follow-up single 'Breathe'. On 18 May 2011 she appeared on the Steve Wright in the Afternoon BBC Radio 2 show with her father. She also received spot-plays on shows such as the Jools Holland BBC Radio 2 Show and appeared on ITV's Lorraine Kelly show for an interview.
‘Cold’ was also released as a limited edition 7” white vinyl through FooFar records in January 2010. Its B-side was an a cappella cover of the Nina Simone song "Be My Husband". Soul’s follow-up single ‘Breathe’ was released 25 April 2011.
Personal life.
Soul is the only daughter of actor/singer David Soul (best known for his role as "Hutch" in the television program Starsky and Hutch) and actress Julia Nickson (best known for her starring role in ). She has five half-brothers from her father’s previous marriages. 
Born in Tampa, Florida, Soul grew up in Los Angeles, California. She studied creative writing at Orange County High School of the Arts. In June 2006, Soul moved to London permanently and attended Royal Holloway, University of London where she studied English Literature and Creative Writing.

</doc>
<doc id="31214042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214042" title="Paionia (municipality)">
Paionia (municipality)

Paionia () is a municipality in the Kilkis regional unit of Central Macedonia, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Polykastro. The municipality is named after the ancient region of Paeonia.
Municipality.
The municipality Paionia was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 5 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Province.
The province of Paionia () was one of the provinces of the Kilkis Prefecture. Its territory corresponded with that of the current municipality Paionia, except the municipal unit Polykastro. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31214053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214053" title="Bosc's Fringe-toed lizard">
Bosc's Fringe-toed lizard

Bosc's fringe-toed lizard (Acanthodactylus boskianus ) is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to North Africa and Western Asia.
Geographic range.
"A. boskianus" is found in Algeria, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Syria, southern Turkey, Tunisia, and the United Arab Emirates. 
Behavior and habitat.
Bosc's fringe-toed lizard is a fast lizard that lives in deserts.
Etymology.
Both the specific name, "boskianus", and the common name, Bosc's fringe-toed lizard, are in honor of French naturalist Louis Augustin Guillaume Bosc.

</doc>
<doc id="31214075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214075" title="Kiss (Korn song)">
Kiss (Korn song)

"Kiss" is a song written and recorded by American nu metal band Korn, and produced by The Matrix and Atticus Ross for their untitled eighth studio album. It was released as the album's third and final single on April 7, 2008.
Music and structure.
"Kiss" features Terry Bozzio on drums, who had provided for eight of the album's songs. Jonathan Davis also provided additional percussion for the song, along with "Hushabye". The song makes use of keyboards by Zac Baird, heavy drum patterns and violins. Allmusic described "Kiss" as "like vaguely Beatlesque Mellotron," implying its difference from the rest of the album.
Chart performance.
The song failed to chart worldwide due to its limited release in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31214079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214079" title="Lindsay Park">
Lindsay Park

Lindsay Park, or variants thereof, can refer to:
Canada:
United States:

</doc>
<doc id="31214095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214095" title="Dudelange Castle">
Dudelange Castle

The ruins of Dudelange Castle () are located on Mont St Jean, a forested hill to the west of Dudelange in the south of Luxembourg. The castle was completed in the early 16th century but was destroyed in 1552. 
History.
While the site of the ruins bears traces of Gallo-Roman structures, the first evidence of a castle in the area is in Dudelange itself where a castle belonging to the Lords of Gymnich was destroyed around 1400 by Robert de Bar. At the beginning of the 15th century, work began on building a fortified castle which was completed early in the 16th century with Gothic and Renaissance influences. The finely cut stones and sculptures show how much the lords of Gynmich, Boulay, Neufchâtel, Hunolstein and Isembourg invested in their luxurious fortress. However from 1542 the castle was taken and retaken when Francis I and Henry II of France were at war with Emperor Charles V. In 1552, the castle was destroyed and deprived of any strategic value. Thereafter the ruins were used as a quarry for the surrounding villages.
Since the 1970s, the "Amis de l’Histoire de Dudelange et du Mont Saint-Jean" (Friends of the History of Dudelange and Mont St. Jean) have explored the ruins, discovering the foundations of several towers, the palace, living quarters, stables and outhouses. Three wells and a reservoir were partly unearthed. The ditches and the entrance to the castle can still be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="31214098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214098" title="Glycerol kinase deficiency">
Glycerol kinase deficiency

Glycerol Kinase Deficiency (GKD) is an X-linked recessive enzyme defect that is heterozygous in nature. Three clinically distinct forms of this deficiency have been proposed, namely infantile, juvenile, and adult. National Institutes of Health and its Office of Rare Diseases Research (ORDR) branch classifies GKD as a rare disease, known to affect less than 200,000 individuals in the United States. The responsible gene lies in a region containing genes in which deletions can cause Duchenne muscular dystrophy and adrenal hypoplasia congenita. Combinations of these three genetic defects including GKD are addressed medically as Complex GKD.
Causes.
Glycerol Kinase Deficiency has two main causes associated with it. 
Classification.
GKD can be divided into three distinct forms: infantile, juvenile, and adult. Out of all of these the infantile form is the most clinically relevant because it leads to developmental delay and adrenal insufficiency.
Effect on glycolysis.
 In order to understand how this condition affects a person you must first have a basic understanding of the process called glycolysis. This fundamental metabolic pathway is found in all known organisms. The process provides energy for our cells to carry out their daily functions. The overall reaction involves a cell taking in the sugar glucose and converting it into the energy rich molecule pyruvate. Inside the overall reaction there lie many steps that need to be followed in order for the original glucose molecule to be transformed into pyruvate. The glucose first gathers a phosphate group from an ATP molecule in order to become glucose-6-phosphate. It is then changed into fructose 6-phosphate, with the assistance of phosphoglucose isomerase, which is then changed into fructose 1,6-biphosphate when the fructose molecule receives a phosphate group from another ATP. The next step in the chain is crucial for cells in order to make more energy than they expend through the process of glycolysis; this step is when the fructose 1,6-bisphosphate molecule breaks down into two molecules of dihydroxyacetone phosphate (DHAP), so from this point on whenever ATP is being generated from ADP there are really two ATP molecules generated because there are two molecules undergoing the same reaction. One molecule that takes advantage of this second part of the metabolic process is the fatty molecule glycerol. This is unfortunately prevented if someone is experiencing Glycerol Kinase Deficiency.
 When a human’s body needs to use stored fat for energy it will release glycerol and other fatty acids into the bloodstream. However, these glycerol molecules must contribute to the process of glycolysis before they can provide energy to the body, as they do not hold the necessary energy within themselves. So before glycerol can enter the pathway of glycolysis it must be converted into an intermediate molecule, which in this case is dihydroxyacetone phosphate (DHAP). This is where glycerol kinase comes into the picture. The enzyme is used in the first step in turning glycerol into dihydroxyacetone phosphate (DHAP). It catalyzes the transfer of a phosphate group from an ATP to a glycerol molecule forming glycerol (3) phosphate. Then glycerol 3-phosphate, with the assistance of glycerol 3-phosphate dehydrogenase, can be dehydrogenated into DHAP. This molecule can then enter the metabolic pathway of glycloysis and provide more energy for the cell. Looking at the entire glycolysis pathway this conversion would yield an extra ATP for each glycerol molecule that eventually made its way into a DHAP molecule, which demonstrates the benefit of releasing glycerol into the bloodstream. However, when suffering from a glycerol kinase deficiency many of the glycerol molecules released into the bloodstream end up not being converted to dihydroxyacetone phosphate (DHAP), because the host does not have enough of the enzyme to catalyze all of the reactions waiting to occur. These extra molecules of glycerol are left floating around in the cell and can cause serious damage if left untreated.
Symptoms.
Glycerol Kinase Deficiency causes the condition known as hyperglycerolemia, an accumulation of glycerol in the blood and urine. This excess of glycerol in bodily fluids can lead to many more potentially dangerous symptoms. Common symptoms include vomiting and lethargy. These tend to be the only symptoms, if any, present in adult GKD which has been found to present with fewer symptoms than infant or juvenile GKD. When GKD is accompanied by Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy and Adrenal Hypoplasia Congenita, also caused by mutations on the Xp21 chromosome, the symptoms can become much more severe. Symptoms visible at or shortly after birth include:
Some other symptoms that become more noticeable with time would be:
Many of the physically visible symptoms, such as cryptorchidism, strabismus, learning disabilities, and myopathy, tend to have an added psychological effect on the subject due to the fact that they can set him or her apart from those without GKD. Cryptorchidism, the failure of one or both of the testes to descend to the scrotum, has been known to lead to sexual identity confusion amongst young boys because it is such a major physiological anomaly. Strabismus is the misalignment of one’s eyes. Typically, one is focused but the other is “lazy” and is directed inward or out ward (up and down is less common but does occur).
Treatment.
Treatments for Glycerol Kinase Deficiency are targeted to treat the symptoms because there are no permanent treatments for this disease. The main way to treat these symptoms is by using corticosteroids, glucose infusion, or mineralocorticoids. Corticosteroids are steroid hormones that are naturally produced in the adrenal glands. These hormones regulate stress responses, carbohydrate metabolism, blood electrolyte levels, as well as other uses. The mineralocorticoids, such as aldosterone control many electrolyte levels and allow the kidneys to retain sodium. Glucose infusion is coupled with insulin infusion to monitor blood glucose levels and keep them stable.
Due to the multitude of varying symptoms of this disease, there is no specific treatment that will cure this disease altogether. The symptoms can be treated with many different treatments and combinations of medicines to try to find the correct combination to offset the specific symptoms. Everyone with Glycerol Kinase Deficiency has varying degrees of symptoms and thereby requires different medicines to be used in combination to treat the symptoms; however, this disease is not curable and the symptoms can only be managed, not treated fully.

</doc>
<doc id="31214105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214105" title="Higashi Nihon Immigration Center">
Higashi Nihon Immigration Center

Higashi Nihon Immigration Center (East Japan Immigration Center aka. Ushiku Shuyojo, Ushiku Detention Center) is one of three immigration detention centers of Japan operated by Ministry of Justice and located in Ushiku, Ibaraki prefecture. It houses approximately 700 people both of males and females. It opened in 1993 for the exceeded capacity of Yokohama Immigration Detention Center. There have been claims among the human rights activists of imates being detained for lengthly periods. March 11, 2011, because of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami the old facility was closed.
References.
Hunger strike at immigration center, May 13, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="31214124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214124" title="Todd H. Speidell">
Todd H. Speidell

Todd H. Speidell The Rev. Dr. Todd Henry Speidell (born 31 July 1957) is a professional tutor, editor, and theologian. He is currently the Director of College Prep Academy of West Knoxville (in Knoxville, Tennessee), Editor of Participatio: The Journal of the Thomas F. Torrance Theological Fellowship, and General Editor of The Ray S. Anderson Collection (Wipf and Stock Pub. Co.).
Born in Chicago, Illinois, he is the second child of Rev. Henry and Ruth Speidell, who raised him in Paterson, New Jersey, and is a relative of Gen. Dr. Hans Speidel. He earned his B.A. in Psychology from Gordon College in 1975, and his M.Div. and Ph.D. degrees from Fuller Theological Seminary in 1983 and 1986 respectively. His theological mentors were Ray S. Anderson, Geoffrey W. Bromiley, and J.B. and T.F. Torrance.
He has served as professor, chaplain, or administrator at University of California at Los Angeles, American Baptist Seminary of the West, Fuller Theological Seminary, Knoxville College, Webb School of Knoxville, Tennessee Wesleyan College, and College Prep Academy of West Knoxville.
Bibliography.
From Conduct to Character: A Primer in Ethical Theory. Eugene, Oregon: Wipf & Stock, 1998.
Confessions of a Lapsed Skeptic: Acknowledging the Mystery and Manner of God. Eugene, Oregon: Wipf & Stock, 1999.
On Hearing the Truth: An Epistemology of the Ear in a Postmodern World. Eugene, Oregon: Wipf & Stock, 2006.
Editor, Incarnational Ministry: The Presence of Christ in Church, Society, and Family. Colorado Springs, Colorado: Helmers & Howard, 1990.
Editor, On Being Christian... and Human. Eugene, Oregon: Wipf & Stock, 2002.
Editor, On Being a Person: A Multidisciplinary Approach to Personality Theories. Eugene, Oregon: Cascade Books, 2002.
"The Incarnation as the Hermeneutical Criterion for Liberation and Reconciliation." Scottish Journal of Theology 40 No. 2 (1987): 249-258.
"A Trinitarian Ontology of Persons in Society." Scottish Journal of Theology 47 No. 3 (1994): 283-300.
"God, Woody Allen, and Job." Christian Scholar's Review XXIX:3 (Spring. 2000): 551-561.
Guest Editor, Edification: Journal of the Society for Christian Psychology. 1 (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="31214134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214134" title="Her First Affaire">
Her First Affaire

Her First Affaire is a 1932 British drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Ida Lupino, George Curzon and Diana Napier. It was based on a play by Merrill Rogers and Frederick J. Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="31214152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214152" title="Bogstadveien">
Bogstadveien

Bogstadveien is a street in the district of Frogner in Oslo, Norway. 
Bogstadveien features many of the city's wide range of exclusive shops as well as entertainment, hotels and restaurants. The road is also known for the two annual car-free shopping events called the Bilfri Bogstadvei.
Bogstadveien stretches from the neighbourhood of Majorstuen to the neighbourhood of Hegdehaugen. The street was originally named Sørkedalsveien as it led to Sørkedalen, but was renamed to Bogstadveien when, in 1878, it was incorporated into Oslo. It was after the Bogstad Manor. In 1892, the street was extended in width to serve as the main street towards Majorstuen. On 2 March 1894, the first electric tramway line in Oslo, the Briskeby Line, was opened. The line runs through almost the entire street. In 1892, the street's width was extended to serve as an avenue from the Royal Palace. In 1932, the two last wooden houses in the street were demolished. 
The writer Aasmund Olavsson Vinje lived in one of these houses, where he became friends with the painter Peder Balke. The writer Peter Christen Asbjørnsen also lived for a while in a house at the intersection of Bogstadveien and Rosenborggaten Street.

</doc>
<doc id="31214183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214183" title="Eritrea at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Eritrea at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Eritrea competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. This was the nation's fourth appearance at the Olympics.
Eritrean National Olympic Committee sent a total of 12 athletes to the Games, 11 men and 1 woman, to compete only in athletics and road cycling, the first for the nation. Marathon runner Yonas Kifle had competed at every Olympic games since its national debut in Sydney, and was the oldest member of the contingent, at age 35. Steeplechase runner Weynay Ghebresilasie, the youngest of the team, at age 18, was Eritrea's flag bearer at the opening ceremony. For the second straight time, Eritrea failed to win a single Olympic medal at the London games.
Athletics.
Eritrean athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):
Cycling.
Currently, Eritrea has qualified one cyclist for the Games. It marks the first time Eritrea will compete in a sport other than athletics

</doc>
<doc id="31214185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214185" title="Alexander Pushkin (Bourganov)">
Alexander Pushkin (Bourganov)

Alexander Pushkin is a bronze statue by Alexander Bourganov. It is located at the corner of 22nd Street and H Street, N.W. Washington D.C. on the campus of George Washington University. It was erected as part of a cultural exchange between the cities of Moscow and Washington; in 2009, a statue of the American poet Walt Whitman was erected in Moscow. Pushkin's statue is said to be the first monument commemorating a Russian literary figure in the United States.
James W. Symington, then the Chairman of the American-Russian Cultural Cooperation Federation, first proposed that a statue of Alexander Pushkin be erected in Washington. Ground was broken on June 6, 1999, the 200th anniversary of Pushkin's birth. The statue was completed over the forthcoming year and dedicated on September 20, 2000, as a gift from the Government of Moscow to the city of Washington. 
The figure of the author is posed in front of a tall column on which stands the winged horse Pegasus, which represents "poetry and creative inspiration".

</doc>
<doc id="31214188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214188" title="James A. Rawley Prize">
James A. Rawley Prize

The James A. Rawley Prize is an annual book award made by the Organization of American Historians (OAH). The award goes to the best book dealing with the history of race relations in the United States. The prize is given in memory of Professor James A. Rawley, Carl Adolph Happold Professor of History Emeritus at the University of Nebraska, Lincoln. The President of the OAH appoints three members annually to form the committee that makes the award. The winning author receives $1000.00. In 1992, 2002, and 2003 the committee chose two winners.
In the table below, the link on the author is the most recent biographical information available. The link to the “Affiliation”—usually an academic institution appointment—is that affiliation at the time the award was given. In both instances, priority is given to a “Wikipedia” entry.

</doc>
<doc id="31214210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214210" title="Facing the Music">
Facing the Music

Facing the Music may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31214223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214223" title="Marten van Valckenborch">
Marten van Valckenborch

Marten van Valckenborch (1535, Leuven – 1612, Frankfurt), was a Flemish Renaissance painter.
Biography.
According to Karel van Mander he learned to paint landscapes in Mechelen, which was known as a center for oil and water-colours and especially landscape painting. At the time of the Beeldenstorm in 1566 he left town with Lucas van Valckenborch and they made a trip from Luik to Aachen along the Meuse (river), painting river valley views. When William the Silent turned against the Spanish, they returned to the Netherlands, where they made many small clever pieces that sold well. Marten then moved to Frankfurt, where he later had sons who also became good painters.
According to the RKD he was the father of the painters Frederik and Gillis van Valckenborch, and the uncle of Lucas van Valckenborch (though they were close in age). He was registered in Antwerp in 1565, Aachen in 1566-1573, back in Antwerp in the years 1584-1585, and Frankfurt from 1586 onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="31214243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214243" title="Preben Lundbye">
Preben Lundbye

Preben Lundbye (born 1 April 1950) is a Danish football coach previously for Holstebro BK He ended his career in 1975 due to an injury.
He has a degree in pedagogy and psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="31214244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214244" title="Rush Lake (Wisconsin)">
Rush Lake (Wisconsin)

Rush Lake is a lake located in Winnebago County, Wisconsin.
Size and Shape.
Rush Lake is roughly shaped like an inverted triangle; the lake is widest at its north end. It covers an area of , and reaches a maximum depth of . The lake is rather shallow, with an average depth of only .
Location.
Rush Lake is located in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, about southwest of Oshkosh.

</doc>
<doc id="31214248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214248" title="Edward Forbes Walker">
Edward Forbes Walker

Edward Forbes Walker (born 1876) was a rugby union international who represented Great Britain on the 1903 tour to South Africa. He represented Great Britain twice but never won a cap for his national side, England.
Early life and family.
Edward Forbes Walker was the youngest of the nine children of William Walker and his wife Anna. William Walker was a Colonial Engineer, a position of some prestige in the Victorian era in the United Kingdom, and hailed from Houghton le Spring in Durham. Although William had relatively humble origins, a long and successful career meant that Edward was born into an affluent family. William had served a seven-year apprenticeship at the engine works of the Thornley Colliery and afterwards worked at the locomotive works of the North Eastern Railway, Bank Top, Darlington. He then went on to the works of Messrs. Fossick and. Hackworth, Stockton-on-Tees and in 1853 moved again, this time to the works of Messrs. Thomas Richardson and Son, Hartlepool. At this company he spent two of his three years as one of their leading hands, and went to sea as engineer in charge of the first three steamers built by the company. In 1856 while with the third steamer he accepted an engagement with the Borneo Company and then was appointed superintendent engineer to the Netherlands India (Java) Mail Company, with whom he remained ten years until the expiration of their mail contract in 1869 continuing afterwards with their successors for a while. In this time, he had married Anna, from Dundee in 1862. The eldest child within the family was an adopted daughter, Eliza Smith (born in 1859 in Java). During William's time in Java his family expanded. Ralph (born 1865), John H. (born 1867), Annie (also Nancy) born 1871, Catherine (born 1872) and William (born 1873) were all born there. The family returned to the United Kingdom, and Lissie M. was born in Bow, London in 1874 and the Edward was born in 1876 in Norwood. At this point, they were living in the well to do suburb of Dulwich on one of the most affluent roads, Alleyn Park Road. The house they lived in was named Kaliemas, after the Kali Mas River, that runs through modern day Surabaya, Java and it was here that Edward spent his childhood. Edward, despite living opposite Dulwich College was sent to Eastbourne to boarding school at Eastbourne College.
Edward's older brother was John H Walker. Edward was referred to in a report on the 1903 tour to South Africa as the brother of "Johnny" Walker of Durban fame which is likely a reference to John H Walker who was caught up in the Boer War in South Africa. He was not a combatant, but gained notoriety due to his escape from the Boer after being captured. He had been surveying in Mapoch's country with the chief, under a strong guard and the chief's protection. However, he was eventually captured and taken to Middelburg. He and a fellow prisoner escaped with their horses, a dog, and a tin of biscuits on which they lived
for a week, eventually making their way to the Swazie king, where they were treated well. They then walked to Delagoa Bay and caught the Union steamship Natal to Durban.
Career.
In 1901, aged 25, he was living by his means and still in his mother's house. However, his father had died in 1894 and the family had left Alleyn Park Road in Dulwich and moved to the nearby Norwood. It is unclear if Edward did take up a profession, because in 1911 although he had moved to Clifton Gardens in Maida Vale, this was still the family home and he lived there with his mother and two of his sisters (as well as with a cook, parlormaid and housemaid) and stated that he was living by his own means.
Rugby career.
Walker played for a side local to where he had grown up in Dulwich, called Lennox Football Club. The team were based in Dulwich when he started playing for them, though during his time with them they did move elsewhere. With this side he gained an excellent reputation in the South of England as a three-quarter. He was selected for the 1903 tour to South Africa and was described as a consistent player and played in two of the tests. On his return to the United Kingdom he continued to play for Lennox and in 1906 was the captain of the side. The side at that point was not so strong as in previous seasons though it was said that in Blackwood who played alongside Walker they had a player that would have been selected England had he not been injured. He was also later involved in the game as a referee and in 1909 was a joint honorary secretary of the London Rugby Society of Referees.

</doc>
<doc id="31214269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214269" title="80th Field Artillery Regiment">
80th Field Artillery Regiment

The 80th Field Artillery Regiment is an field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Silver color metal and enamel device 1 3/32 inches (2.78 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Party per fess Or and Gules, a fess dancetté ermine. On a canton Sable an orle of the first (from the coat of arms of the 11th Cavalry). 
The dual character of the regiment is shown by the colors of the field, yellow for cavalry, red for artillery. The fess dancetté is taken from the arms of the Oglethorpe family, also the boar’s head crest, which in addition is the ancient symbol of hospitality. The arms of ancient Brittany was a shield of ermine, and ermine figures prominently in the arms of Vannes; this is shown by the tincture of the fess. The parent organization is shown on the canton. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 80th Field Artillery Regiment on 14 November 1932. It was redesignated for the 80th Field Artillery Battalion on 5 December 1942. It was redesignated for the 80th Artillery Regiment on 21 November 1958. The insignia was redesignated effective 1 September 1971, for the 80th Field Artillery Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="31214270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214270" title="2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Marrakech">
2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Marrakech

The 2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Marrakech was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the fifth edition of the tournament which is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Marrakech, Morocco between 21 and 27 March 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31214279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214279" title="The Great Warrior of Montauban">
The Great Warrior of Montauban

The Great Warrior of Montauban is a bronze sculpture by Antoine Bourdelle.
It was commissioned in 1897, by the village of Montauban to commemorate the Franco-Prussian War.
It was modeled in 1898 to 1900, and cast in 1956.
It is an edition of ten; number three is at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.
It appeared in "LIFE magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="31214286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214286" title="2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was the World Championships for track cycling in 2012. They took place in Melbourne, Australia from 4 to 8 April 2012. The championships took place in the Hisense Arena which previously hosted the world championships in 2004 and from 2008 to 2010 a round of the World Cup as well as the track cycling at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
The championships were also the final ranking event for the purposes of Olympic qualification. Ten of the nineteen World Championship disciplines are replicated at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
The championships were dominated by the rivalry between Australia and Great Britain, who shared 12 of the 19 gold medals available between them, including in eight of the ten Olympic events. Australia won the greatest total number of medals (15). while the British team led in Olympic events. Of the other nations, only Germany won more than one gold medal.
Several World Records were broken during the championship. Kristina Vogel and Miriam Welte started the hunt with a new record in the qualifying of the Team sprint, just to break the record once again during the final. Ed Clancy, Peter Kennaugh, Steven Burke and Geraint Thomas followed up with a new record during the Team pursuit final.
At the Women's Team pursuit competition, Danielle King, Laura Trott and Joanna Rowsell set a new record during the qualifying but were even one second faster during the final. During the last day of the competition, Anna Meares set the last new world record in the 500 m time trial race on her way to the gold medal.
Schedule.
The competition days will be split in Afternoon and Evening Sessions.
Medal table.
"After 19 events."

</doc>
<doc id="31214291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214291" title="Inspirit">
Inspirit

Inspirit is the first single album of South Korean boy band Infinite. The album was released on March 17, 2011, along with the music video for the album's title track "Nothing's Over". Infinite followed up the promotions of "Nothing's Over" with a broadcasting version of their song "Can U Smile (Remake)".
Sales and Certifications.
Physical Sales

</doc>
<doc id="31214302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214302" title="Fresh Sounds Records">
Fresh Sounds Records

Fresh Sounds Records (also known as Fresh Sounds Inc) was a Lawrence, KS based independent record label run by local music promoter Bill Rich. Acts who have been on the label include Get Smart!, the Embarrassment, the Mortal Micronotz, SPK, the Homestead Grays and William S. Burroughs.
History.
The first releases were flexi discs that were issued with Rich's "Talk Talk" magazine. The first four albums issued by the label were issued on cassette only before the label started issuing its releases on vinyl.
Fresh Sounds From Middle America.
The "Fresh Sounds From Middle America" series of compilation albums was organized by Bill Rich as a way to promote regional bands nationally.

</doc>
<doc id="31214303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214303" title="Sabine Bothe">
Sabine Bothe

Sabine Bothe also known as "Sabine Adamik" (born 8 July 1960) is a German handball goalkeeper. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team was placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31214305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214305" title="Facing the Music (1933 film)">
Facing the Music (1933 film)

Facing the Music is a 1933 British musical film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Stanley Lupino, Jose Collins and Nancy Brown. It is also known by the alternative title Jewel Song.
Plot.
In order to promote his client a publicist organises a fake robbery of her jewels, but things soon begin to unravel.

</doc>
<doc id="31214310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214310" title="Henry Whitley">
Henry Whitley

Henry Charles Whitley CVO was a Church of Scotland minister and an author.
He was born on 20 March 1906 and educated at George Heriot's School and the University of Edinburgh. He was Minister of Newark Parish Church (in Port Glasgow), Old Patrick Parish Church and the High Kirk of Edinburgh; and a World War II chaplain with the Seaforth Highlanders. He was Dean of the Thistle from 1969 to 1974 and died on 8 May 1976. He is buried in Southwick Kirkyard in Dumfriesshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31214322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214322" title="2011 Città di Caltanissetta">
2011 Città di Caltanissetta

The 2011 Città di Caltanissetta was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the thirteenth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Caltanissetta, Italy between 21 and 27 March 2011.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31214345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214345" title="Edwin B. Crocker">
Edwin B. Crocker

Edwin Bryant Crocker (26 April 1818 – 24 June 1875) was a California Supreme Court Justice and founder of the Crocker Art Museum in Sacramento, California.
Biography.
Crocker was born in Jamesville, New York. He earned a degree in civil engineering at Rensselaer Institute in Troy, New York. He went on to study law in Indiana. While there, he started a practice that earned him a reputation as an abolitionist. Upon his second marriage, to Margaret Rhodes on July 8, 1852, Crocker and his wife moved to Sacramento, California.
When they arrived in Sacramento, Crocker resumed his legal career. He was also involved in politics. In 1854, he became the chair of the Republican Party. In 1863, then-Governor Leland Stanford appointed him as a Justice of the California Supreme Court. The next year, Crocker agreed to serve as legal counsel for the Central Pacific Railroad, a company run by the Big Four, which included Edwin's younger brother, Charles Crocker.

</doc>
<doc id="31214359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214359" title="Andrea Bölk">
Andrea Bölk

Andrea Bölk (born 10 November 1968) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31214376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214376" title="Yugoslavian parliamentary election, 1996">
Yugoslavian parliamentary election, 1996

Parliamentary elections were held in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia on 3 November 1996. A coalition of the Socialist Party of Serbia, the Yugoslav Left and New Democracy emerged as the largest bloc in the Federal Parliament, winning 64 of the 138 seats. Radoje Kontić, member of the Montenegrin ruling party, the Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro, was confirmed as Prime Minister of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. He was replaced, in 1998, by Momir Bulatović, leader of Socialist People's Party of Montenegro.
Results.
Democratic Party of Serbia and the Association of Free and Independent Trade Unions of Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="31214381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214381" title="Eike Bram">
Eike Bram

Eike Bram (born 20 March 1965) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31214385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214385" title="Thietmar of Minden">
Thietmar of Minden

Saint Thietmar ("Dietmar, Thiemo") of Minden was bishop of Minden from 1185 or 1186 until his death in 1206. According to tradition, Thietmar was from Bavaria.
It was Thietmar’s custom to eat only bread and water, although this practice physically weakened him. A miracle recorded of him states that one day, when water from the well was brought to him by a servant, it had become wine. The bishop rejected the wine and asked for water again. When he received wine again, Thietmar began to distrust his servant. The bishop accompanied the servant to the well. When the servant scooped up water, it again transformed itself into wine. 

</doc>
<doc id="31214386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214386" title="Cycling at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Qualification">
Cycling at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Qualification

Summary.
Following publication of full track cycling quotas - 25 April 2012.
Although in theory an NOC is entitled to qualify up to one place per track event for a total of eighteen quota places, a limit of 14 riders (8 men, 6 women ) is placed on each NOC, with the possibility of drafting in two further riders from other cycling events. For certain countries, therefore, the number of quota places won will significantly exceed the numbers of riders qualified.
Similarly, the cyclists who compete in the road time trial must also compete in the road race event; thus an NOC may win 2 quota places, but be allowed to take only one rider.
Qualification timeline.
The following is a timeline of the qualification events for the cycling events at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Track cycling.
Qualification is entirely based on the Olympic Track Ranking 2010–2012. NOCs are limited to one rider or team per event, 9 men / 7 women in total. Within these limits, riders who have qualified in one cycling event will have the right to enter others.
Men's Team Sprint.
"Teams are of 3 riders"
Men's Team Pursuit.
"Teams are of 4 riders"
Women's Team Sprint.
"Teams are of 2 riders"
Women's Team Pursuit.
"Teams are of 3 riders"
Road cycling.
Women's Road Race.
"* As other quota places are awarded to ranked athletes, the quota places for the ranked NOCs will be decreased to keep the total number of athletes constant."
"**If, among the riders occupying the qualification places, there are athletes representing an NOC
already qualified according to criterion n°1, it is the NOC whose rider who is ranked in the next place
in the competition concerned who will benefit from the right to participate."
Mountain biking.
A nation can enter a maximum of 3 men and 2 women.

</doc>
<doc id="31214388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214388" title="2011 Aegon GB Pro-Series Bath">
2011 Aegon GB Pro-Series Bath

The 2011 Aegon GB Pro-Series Bath was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour and the 2011 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Bath, Great Britain between 21 and 27 March 2011.
ATP singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
WTA singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following players received entry as a lucky loser from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31214390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214390" title="List of Billboard number-one R&amp;B albums of 1968">
List of Billboard number-one R&amp;B albums of 1968

These are the "Billboard magazine" R&B albums that have reached number one in 1968.
See also: 1968 in music, R&B number-one hits of 1968 (USA)

</doc>
<doc id="31214392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214392" title="Facing the Music (1941 film)">
Facing the Music (1941 film)

Facing the Music is a 1941 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Bunny Doyle, Betty Driver, Chili Bouchier and H.F. Maltby.
Plot.
An incompetent man struggles to hold down a series of jobs.

</doc>
<doc id="31214396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214396" title="Carola Ciszewski">
Carola Ciszewski

Carola Ciszewski (born 1 June 1968) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31214401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214401" title="Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant">
Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant

The Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant is a planned nuclear plant at Akkuyu, in Büyükeceli, Mersin Province, Turkey. It would be the country's first nuclear power plant.
History.
In May 2010, Russia and Turkey signed an agreement that a subsidiary of Rosatom — Akkuyu NGS Elektrik Uretim Corp. (APC: Akkuyu Project Company) — would build, own, and operate a power plant at Akkuyu comprising four 1,200 MW VVER units. The agreement was ratified by the Turkish Parliament in July 2010.
Engineering and survey work started at the site in 2011. The construction of the first unit will begin in 2016, with the four units put into service in 2020–22.
In 2013, Russian nuclear construction company Atomstroyexport (ASE) and Turkish construction company Ozdogu signed the site preparation contract for the proposed Akkuyu nuclear power plant. The contract includes excavation work at the site.
Location advantages.
The government chose this site because of the low population density and low risk of earthquakes.
Finance.
Financing is provided by Russian investors, with 93% from a Rosatom subsidiary. Up to 49% of shares may be sold later to other investors. Potential investors are Turkish companies Park Teknik and Elektrik Üretim.
Turkish Electricity Trade and Contract Corporation (TETAS) has guaranteed the purchase of 70% power generated from the first two units and 30% from the third and fourth units over a 15-year power purchase agreement. Electricity will be purchased at a price of 12.35 US cents per kW·h and the remaining power will be sold in the open market by the producer.
Objections.
The most important objection is that Büyükeceli and the surrounding coastline may lose its touristic potential after the realization of the project. Büyükeceli residents are also worried that the already low population of the town may further decrease and the town may lose its township status. 

</doc>
<doc id="31214408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214408" title="PFLAG Canada">
PFLAG Canada

PFLAG Canada is a national non-profit organization which brings together family and friends of LGBT people in Canada. It was begun separately and without knowledge of the American PFLAG which performs the same functions in the United States.
History.
In the 1970s in Toronto, meetings of non-LGBT but welcoming family members were held under the banner of Parents Of Gays (POG). Changes were accelerated by Rev. Brent Hawkes of the Metropolitan Community Church of Toronto, who brought Betty Fairchild, co-author of "Now That You Know", to POG meetings. After POG was advertised in "Chatelaine", Anne Rutledge of Mississauga contacted June Tattle (a friend of Fairchild and parent of a gay child), after which, in October 1981, POG was amalgamated with Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays (FFLAG), started by Pauline Martin and her son Russell. The new organization was re-styled as Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays, or Parents FLAG. 
After a number of media appearances by Rutledge and other members of Parents FLAG, other chapters were established throughout Canada in the 1980s and 1990s. Finally, in 2003, the movement was nationally consolidated as PFLAG Canada, renamed so as to distinguish the organization from the American NGO of the same name. It was consolidated as a federal corporation in 2005, and all chapters were renamed as PFLAG Canada to reflect the changes.
Endorsements.
PFLAG Canada officially endorses "Out With Dad" web series.

</doc>
<doc id="31214410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214410" title="Michaela Erler">
Michaela Erler

Michaela Erler (born 29 June 1965) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31214417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214417" title="Subcommittee (Cragg)">
Subcommittee (Cragg)

Subcommittee is a sculpture by Tony Cragg. Constructed of mild steel in 1991, in an edition of 4, it will rust with the passage of time.
The rack of stamps serves as a satiric commentary on committees. 
It is in the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="31214418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214418" title="Jastro Building">
Jastro Building

The Jastro Building, also known as the Standard Oil Building, is a historic office building in Bakersfield, California. The structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on September 22, 1983.
Structure.
The Jastro Building a two-story structure in downtown Bakersfield, California. Built in the late-Second Renaissance Revival architecture style, it was constructed in two sections in 1917 and 1921, the latter added a wing. The first floor is designed in a "C" shape, with an indentation at the rear of the building. The second floor has an "H" shape design with an indented porch over the front, south-facing facade of the building; the main entrance is located on the first floor below the porch. The structure has a flat roof with boxed cornice bracketed parapet. The windows are vertical, 2-sash casement windows with transom. The second story center porch windows have molded arches with frieze.
Significance.
The Standard Oil Company entered the substantial oil industry in Kern County in 1902 to develop its holdings in the Kern River Oil Field. With the construction of the Jastro Building, the company moved its Central California operations to Bakersfield. At the time it was built, the building was the first commercial building in the downtown commercial district built across the city's G Street. It is one of the finest examples of its type of architecture to survive the devastating 1952 Kern County earthquake relatively unscathed.

</doc>
<doc id="31214428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214428" title="2011 Green World ATP Challenger">
2011 Green World ATP Challenger

The 2011 Green World ATP Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Pingguo, China between 21 and 27 March 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31214430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214430" title="Silke Gnad">
Silke Gnad

Silke Gnad also known as Silke Fittinger (born 20 November 1966) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31214446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214446" title="Sybille Gruner">
Sybille Gruner

Sybille Gruner (born 18 May 1969) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31214470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214470" title="Rita Köster">
Rita Köster

Rita Köster (born 19 December 1960) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="31214473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214473" title="Vice President of the Comoros">
Vice President of the Comoros

Vice President of the Comoros is a political position in the Comoros
. Vice Presidents are appointed by the President. The Presidency and the positions of the two Vice Presidents are rotated between the three islands, Grande Comore, Anjouan and Mohéli. Since 2011, there has been three Vice Presidents from each of the islands in the Union of the Comoros. 
History of the office holders follows. 

</doc>
<doc id="31214486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214486" title="Anja Krüger">
Anja Krüger

Anja Krüger (married Schneider, born 20 March 1964) is a German handball player. She participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where the German national team placed fourth.
At the world cup in 1990 in South Korea she won the bronze medal and was chosen in the allstar-team of this world cup.
With her home club Leipzig she won the European cup two times (1986, 1992)

</doc>
<doc id="31214498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214498" title="Batrić Jovanović">
Batrić Jovanović

Batrić Jovanović is a Serb politician and author from Montenegro. He represented Montenegro in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="31214509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214509" title="List of UPI reporters">
List of UPI reporters

This is a list of notable reporters who worked for United Press International during their careers:

</doc>
<doc id="31214516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214516" title="John Halifax (film)">
John Halifax (film)

John Halifax is a 1938 British drama film directed by George King and starring John Warwick, Nancy Burne and Roddy McDowall. It is based on the novel "John Halifax, Gentleman" by Dinah Craik.

</doc>
<doc id="31214518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214518" title="Crouching Woman">
Crouching Woman

Crouching Woman is a bronze sculpture by Auguste Rodin.
Originally modeled in 1880-1882, and enlarged in 1907-1911, it was cast in 1962.
It is in the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="31214543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214543" title="Guildhall, Lichfield">
Guildhall, Lichfield

The Guildhall is a historic building in the centre of Lichfield, Staffordshire in the United Kingdom. Located in Bore Street the Guildhall has been central to the government of the City for over 600 years, and in former times was not only the meeting place of the Corporation but also at various times the court, prison, police station, theatre and fire station. The Guildhall takes its name from the ancient Guild of St Mary and St John the Baptist, whose hall stood from very early times on this site. It is not known when the first Guildhall was erected but it is believed to have been around 1387, when Richard II confirmed the incorporation of the Guild which even then had been in existence for many years. The Guildhall is a Grade II Listed Building.
The old prison for felons and debtors is at the rear of the building and has been in existence since 1553. From here have issued various convicts condemned to be publicly hanged at the gallows. Major rebuilding took place in 1707 and 1741 when the building was described as being so ruinous that it was in danger of falling down. Most of the present ground floor, and the smaller rooms at first and second floor level at the rear of the building date from this period. A century later the building was once more in a very poor state of repair and, in 1844 the Conduit Lands Trust agreed to provide £2,500 and constructed the building which stands today. The hall and frontage was rebuilt in 1846-48 by Joseph Potter Jnr. It is these works which created the gothic-style frontage to Bore Street and the magnificent panelled main hall on the first floor. This room is 87 ft long by 25 ft wide and, with its high pitched roof and hammer beams, has a fine medieval appearance. At the north end there is a large stone tracery stained-glass window. This was originally in the north transept of the Cathedral and was transferred to the Guildhall in 1891. 
Major refurbishment and repair works have recently been completed to restore this building as befits its historic significance, and to provide improved facilities for its use by the public. The main hall and various smaller rooms are widely hired out for public meetings, dances and as function rooms, and there is a lively programme of arts events and concerts run by the Lichfield District Arts Association. Civil marriages can take place at the Guildhall. The Guildhall is used for Council meetings and civic events including the ancient Court of Arraye and St George's Court.

</doc>
<doc id="31214549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214549" title="81st Field Artillery Regiment">
81st Field Artillery Regiment

The 81st Field Artillery Regiment is an field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Distinctive unit insignia.
The 23rd Cavalry was organized at Chickamauga in May 1917, and in November of the same year it was transformed into Field Artillery. This dual character is shown by the colors of the shield. The regiment saw service in Brittany which is indicated by the ermine canton. The coat of arms for Brittany is a shield of ermine. The 81st Artillery was formerly the 23rd Cavalry which was organized from a portion of the 11th Cavalry. This is indicated by the black line within the border of the canton taken from the arms of the 11th Cavalry. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 81st Field Artillery Battalion on 19 March 1942. It was redesignated for the 81st Airborne Field Artillery Battalion on 31 July 1956. The insignia was redesignated for the 81st Artillery Regiment on 24 October 1958. It was again redesignated for the 81st Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31214550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214550" title="PDF/VT">
PDF/VT

PDF/VT is an international standard published by ISO in August 2010 as ISO 16612-2. It defines the use of PDF as an exchange format optimized for variable and transactional printing. Built on top of PDF/X-4, it is the first variable-data printing (VDP) format which ensures modern International Color Consortium-based (ICC) color management through the use of ICC Output Intents. It adds the notion of encapsulated groups of graphic objects to support optimized efficient processing for repeating text, graphic or image content. Introducing the concept of document part metadata (DPM), it enables reliable and dynamic management of pages for High Volume Transactional Output (HVTO) print data, like record selection or postage optimisaton based on metadata. 
While PDF/VT-1 always consists of a self-contained file, other variants of the standard support the use of external graphic content (PDF/VT-2) as well as streaming through the use of multi-part MIME packages (PDF/VT-2s). In addition to being a digital master for VDP printing, it can be shared, viewed and interactively navigated by human operators using a normal PDF reader, though completely accurate rendering requires a PDF/X-4 or PDF/VT conforming viewer.
After several vendors had announced support for PDF/VT in 2010 right on the day of the standard's publication, meanwhile the first products can already be put on trial:
The ubiquity of PDF, as well as the fact that PDF itself now is an ISO standard (ISO 32000-1:2008) clearly work in favor of PDF/VT. Nevertheless it is currently difficult to predict where in the industry PDF/VT will be adopted and how fast that will happen, and how it will be positioned vis-à-vis other formats and architectures for variable data printing.

</doc>
<doc id="31214555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214555" title="James E. Brewton">
James E. Brewton

James Edward Brewton (November 4, 1930 – May 11, 1967) was an American painter and printmaker who synthesized expressionism, graffiti and Pataphysics.
He was born November 4, 1930, in Toledo, Ohio, and committed suicide in Philadelphia at age 36, on May 11, 1967. At the time of his death, Brewton was beginning to distinguish himself as one of Philadelphia's premier painters and printmakers.
Training and career.
While in his teens, Brewton studied drawing at the Toledo Museum of Art and painting with John Charvet. At 21, Brewton joined the Marines and served in the Korean War. He did surprisingly well, climbing to the rank of sergeant. Combat changed him, however: He became a pacifist, protesting the Vietnam War and painting antiwar works. Brewton's health was wrecked, and he was increasingly plagued by debilitating spine problems.
Although Brewton's style became expressionistic and inspired by graffiti, his training was traditional. Taking advantage of the G.I. Bill, he studied at the Ruskin School at Oxford in 1954-55 and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts (PAFA) from 1955 through 1958. At PAFA, Brewton was a protégé of Franklin Watkins and Hobson Pittman. Pittman owned a self-portrait by Brewton, which he featured during tours of his art collection (like the one organized by the Radcliffe Club of Philadelphia in 1961) and exhibited in the show, "Paintings, Drawings, Prints, and Sculpture Collected and Owned by Fourteen Philadelphia Artists."
Marcel Duchamp was a guest lecturer at PAFA, and Brewton riffed off of Duchamp's work throughout his life. At The Print Club, where Brewton worked on weekends, he first saw the work of Asger Jorn and was greatly impressed by the wildly expressive and colorful work of the CoBrA group. Brewton later befriended Jorn, living in Denmark for months at a time. Other strong influences were André Breton and Alfred Jarry. These European, avant-garde inspirations were unusual for a Philadelphia-based artist in the 1950s.
Brewton's work won awards and prizes, and he was championed by critics in Philadelphia and New York while still a student. "Mr. Brewton's career was launched dramatically," ran his obituary in The Philadelphia Inquirer in 1967, "when his canvas ‘The Suicide of Judas’ won the prestigious $1000 Scheidt prize …. the tall ex-marine sergeant, a veteran of the Korean War, thus captured—at the very early age of 28—the same award William Glackens, Stuart Davis, Hans Hofmann, Ivan Albright and Charles Burchfield had earned in their maturity."
From his base in Philadelphia, Brewton traveled whenever he could, to Spain, France, England and Denmark. He and his then-partner, writer Barbara Holland, lived in Denmark during much of 1962. In early 1964, Brewton lent several works he owned to the Philadelphia Museum of Art's Asger Jorn exhibition.
In the last years of his life, Brewton was represented by Harry Kulkowitz's Kenmore Galleries, on Rittenhouse Square in Philadelphia. His prints were selling well, and the Philadelphia Museum of Art holds several in its permanent collection. From his colorful, CoBrA-inspired phase, Brewton had progressed to muted, wall-like pieces incorporating graffiti. By 1965, the works had evolved into a synthesis of graffiti ("anonymous and therefore for all mankind") and Alfred Jarry's philosophy of 'Pataphysics. Brewton called these works "Graffiti Pataphysic" and also continued to paint portraits. 
By the time he died in 1967, Brewton had "had several one-man shows, and museum curators were beginning to exhibit interest," as Nessa Forman wrote in "The Philadelphia Inquirer". "There was an artist," Forman continued, "who was ahead of his time, who was brilliant, sensitive and nonviolent, who loved his art and just wanted to paint. And he committed suicide…."
Illness and death.
In pain and facing partial paralysis even if spine surgery were successful, Brewton shot himself at around 3 p.m. on May 11, 1967. Four days after his death, Brewton's work was shown at the Socrates Perakis gallery in Philadelphia, along with that of Jim McWilliams, Thomas Chimes and sculptor Paul Anthony Greenwood. "Artist's Suicide Gives Tragic Overtone to Exhibit," ran the headline of Dorothy Grafly's review.
A year later, a memorial show was held at the Peale Galleries at PAFA. Hobson Pittman wrote for the catalogue, "A truly gifted artist. … Jim Brewton, from his earliest work, gave evidence of a peculiar and constant search for the nebulous and metaphysical symbol. … His standard of judgement was … innate, as it is with genuinely endowed artists. His deep understanding of aesthetics was evident in everything he did."

</doc>
<doc id="31214567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214567" title="Jammu and Kashmir Legislature">
Jammu and Kashmir Legislature

The Jammu and Kashmir Legislature is the bicameral legislature of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. The Legislature is composed of:

</doc>
<doc id="31214592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214592" title="The McCain Brothers">
The McCain Brothers

The McCain Brothers is a country/rock'n'roll group that is based in the United States. The boys from Bovina, Texas are singer-songwriters, actors, broadcasters and motion picture producers. Daily Variety describes the McCain Brothers as multi-hyphenated. The duo consists of brothers Ben McCain and Butch McCain.
They've performed at county and state fairs opening for acts such as: Toby Keith, George Jones, The Bellamy Brothers, Glen Campbell, The Oak Ridge Boys, Don Williams, Ray Price and others. They've recorded 4 albums on Rise and Shine Records. 
The single "If Love Was A Crime I Couldn't Get Arrested" was a pick hit in Billboard Magazine and went to number 1 on KOMA in Oklahoma City in 1985. Ben and younger brother, Butch, hosted a TV show in Oklahoma City 12 years. They've performed their music and in skits on the syndicated TV show Hee Haw, The Tonight Show, Keenen Ivory Wayans Show and Nashville Now. They’ve been seen on Good Morning America, The Today Show and even hosted their own syndicated TV program "The McCain Brothers Show". 
The McCain Brothers wrote and performed the theme song for the movie "My Name is Bruce" starring Bruce Campbell. The video of the McCain Brothers performing "The Legend of Gaun-Di" plays throughout the movie where Ben is the mayor and Butch has two roles that of the sheriff and a uni-browed farmer. Their music has been featured in other films including: Roger Corman's remake of Humanoids from the Deep, Rubbernecking, Blood Deep and Killer Tumbleweeds.

</doc>
<doc id="31214602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214602" title="John Halifax">
John Halifax

John Halifax may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31214612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214612" title="Angelika Express">
Angelika Express

Angelika Express is a German pop and punk band. The band was formed in 2002 by Robert Drakogiannakis. It broke up in 2005, but reunited in 2008.
2002-2005.
Formed by guitarist Robert Drakogiannakis, the original trio include Alex Jezdinsky on drums and Jens Bachmann on bass guitar. All three members sang. They signed to Wuppertal Music Label Group and released a debut self-titled album that received some attention on the independent music scene but failed to draw wide attention. In 2003, they released the EP "I Am Not an American". 2004 saw the release of a second album, "All", and another EP, "Phantoms". In 2005, the band released the live album "Pornography". The band had one television appearance on "Newcomer TV" in 2005 before separating, with the members joining other projects.
2008.
In 2008, Drakogiannakis resumed the band as a solo project, providing all instrumentation, with support live on bass from Dani "the bass girl" Hilterhaus. Initially, live drum support was offered by Martell Beigang, but after Beigang's departured drum support has been supplied by Mirco "Caddy" Cardeneo and Valentin Mayr. Drakogiannakis released new songs through the Angelika Express blog until late August 2008 and then began financing the planned album "Golden Trash" by pre-selling shares to fans, a marketing idea that drew attention from the "Today" show on ZDF. In 2009, an EP entitled "What Do You All?" was published, with an internet video supporting it. At the end of 2009, "Pants Down! The Angelika Demos 2002-2005" was released as a free album on the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="31214633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214633" title="Jesse Heiman">
Jesse Heiman

Jesse Franklin Heiman (born May 23, 1978) is an American actor, best known for his uncredited work as an extra in a wide variety of films and television shows and for appearing with Bar Refaeli and Danica Patrick in a Go Daddy commercial at Super Bowl XLVII, in which Rafaeli, a supermodel, and Heiman share a graphic french kiss. On April 11, 2011 Jesse appeared as a guest on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" alongside with Jamie Foxx. Despite his age, he still portrays teenagers and young adults as an extra. As a play on the Go Daddy commercial, singer Michael Bublé cast Heiman in the opening scene of his video "It's a Beautiful Day" where Bublé walks in on Jaime Pressly, who plays his significant other in the comical video, and Heiman sharing a kiss, to which Bublé responds by singing the song.
Early life.
Jesse Heiman was born in Boston on May 23, 1978, moving to Austin, Texas in 1989 where he attended West Ridge Middle School, Westlake High School, and Texas State University–San Marcos. Heiman graduated in May 2000 with a Bachelor of Arts in English and moved to Los Angeles in September.
Heiman began acting as a background extra in November 2000 and has appeared in innumerable films, television shows, commercials, and music videos.
Career.
Heiman's first major role was in "American Pie 2". His first speaking role was on the short lived television show "Maybe It's Me". Other roles include being one of the pledges in the film "Old School" and the MTV spring break show "Camp Cool Cancun". He previously guest starred in the TV shows "NCIS", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Entourage", "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide" and was an extra as a BuyMore Employee on NBC's "Chuck".
Heiman portrayed Dan Bronson for a "Lost"-themed viral video during the 2008 Comic-Con.
On March 14, 2011, a video compilation was uploaded to YouTube, showing clips of Heiman's various appearances. Within days of the video being online, the video had over 2 million views.
Heiman appeared in Go Daddy's Super Bowl XLVII commercial, acting with the model Bar Refaeli (with whom he intimately kisses) and NASCAR driver and perennial Go Daddy pitchwoman Danica Patrick. Following the response to GoDaddy's Super Bowl XLVII commercial, Los Angeles based porn company Assence Films extended an offer to Heiman to appear in an adult film of his choosing. Heiman responded to the offer saying "I will hold out for "Playgirl"."
Personal life.
Jesse Heiman currently resides in Redondo Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31214643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214643" title="Gimme Some Slack">
Gimme Some Slack

"Gimme Some Slack" is a song by the American rock band The Cars from the album Panorama, and became a single in 1980. The song was written by bandleader Ric Ocasek.
Details.
Allmusic reviewer Greg Prato stated ""Gimme Some Slack" proved to be a fierce rocker." The single did not chart.
B-side.
The song's B-side titled "Don't Go To Pieces", features Benjamin Orr on lead vocals. The song can be described as one of their more punk-oriented tracks, but with a perfect blend of soft rock, it includes rare backing vocals from lead guitarist Elliot Easton and keyboardist Greg Hawkes singing "You can make the switch, you can have your wish", followed by the band joining and singing the chorus "don't go to pieces, b-b-b-baby."

</doc>
<doc id="31214651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214651" title="Seated Woman on a Bench">
Seated Woman on a Bench

Seated Woman on a Bench is a bronze sculpture by Willem de Kooning.
Modeled in 1972, it was cast in 1976. It is at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="31214664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214664" title="Yeshiva Shaar Hatorah">
Yeshiva Shaar Hatorah

Yeshiva Shaar Hatorah is a yeshiva in Queens, New York that includes a high school and a program for post-high-school-age men (yeshiva gedola). The Yeshiva also awards Bachelor's and Master's degrees in Talmudic law. It was founded in 1974 by Rabbis Kalman Epstein and Sholom Spitz. The Yeshiva has become the focal point of the Orthodox community in the Kew Gardens neighborhood of Queens and of the broader Jewish community as well.
History.
In 1974, Rabbi Kalman Epstein and Rabbi Sholom Spitz, founded Yeshiva Shaar Hatorah in the Richmond Hill neighborhood of Queens at the behest of R' Spitz's teacher, Rabbi Mordechai Elefant. The yeshiva was officially a branch of "ITRI" (Israel Torah Research Institute, the yeshiva in Israel started by Rabbi Elefant). The Yeshiva was named "Shaar HaTorah", after the yeshiva in Grodno (in Europe), where Rabbi Epstein's great-grandfather, Rabbi Shimon Shkop, had been the rosh yeshiva. At the time, Rabbi Epstein gave the lecture (shiur in Hebrew) to unmarried, post-high school men, and Rabbi Spitz headed the kollel. A year after the founding of the yeshiva, Rabbi Kalman Epstein's father, Rabbi Zelik Epstein, joined the yeshiva. Later, a high-school was added when a high-school relocated from Boro Park to Queens. Today, Rabbi 
Spitz still gives the shiur to the freshman and sophomore students, while Rabbi Kalman Epstein lectures to the Junior, Senior, and Graduate students. Rabbi Kalman's son, Rabbi Shimon Epstein gives the lower lecture during Rabbi Spitz's Semi Sabbatical.
Faculty.
Post-High School
High School
Gabaiim
Awesome people
Maintenance staff
Kitchen Staff

</doc>
<doc id="31214698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214698" title="Hills and Rivers Remain">
Hills and Rivers Remain

The game was moderately well-received; reviewers enjoyed the gameplay, though it was noted as derivative, and had mixed opinions on plot, which was generally regarded as overly-dramatic.
Gameplay.
Players navigate their characters across a map attempting to take their opponent's bases. The map is set up as a grid of connected forts, with each player controlling a section of the map. The game is turn-based; each turn the player selects one of their bases to be their main base. At the end of each turn, the main base spawns troops. The amount of forces created depends on the number of held bases. The player then sends these troops either towards their own bases to reinforce them or towards enemy bases in order to capture them. Troops do not travel instantly, allowing circumstances to change at the target base before they arrive. Capturing bases is done by comparing the attacking troops' numbers with the defending, with larger numbers winning. Some bases provide additional bonuses to the side that holds them, such as increased movement speed or attack power. The match ends when one player controls the entire map. Each match takes around ten to twenty minutes to complete. The player can face multiple enemies at once.
Plot.
Players control Alan, leader of the forces of the country Julius. When the story begins, Alan is reluctantly following the orders of his king to invade nearby countries that have been peaceful with Julius.
Development.
In early 2009, the IPhone version of the game was shown at the Tokyo Game Show. The game was released by Square Enix on November 26, 2009. A demo version was also released for free, and contains elements not present in the full game. In Japan, the game was also released as a DSiWare game on October 28, 2009, as well as a cell phone game.
Reception.
Levi Buchanan of IGN rated the game a 7.5 or "Good", praising its depth and complexity and cautioning players about its great difficulty. He praised the simple and precise controls, though he noted that the graphics and presentation were simple and minimal. Andrew Podolsky of Slide to Play, giving it a three out of four, also praised the gameplay, though he noted that the matches tended to start slowly and that the gameplay was derivative of other real-time strategy games, especially "Galcon". He said that he enjoyed the "tearful, overwrought storyline". Peter Lettieri of Touch Arcade also noted the similarities to "Galcon", though he called the plot "loaded to the brim with clichés, uninspired characters, and banter that will likely make one wince" and awarded the game three out of five points.

</doc>
<doc id="31214727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214727" title="John Halifax, Gentleman (TV series)">
John Halifax, Gentleman (TV series)

John Halifax, Gentleman is a British drama television series which originally aired on the BBC in five episodes in 1974. It was an adaptation of the novel "John Halifax, Gentleman" by Dinah Craik. It was screened on the Sunday tea time slot on BBC One, which usually showed adaptations of classic novels.

</doc>
<doc id="31214740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214740" title="Karnataka Legislature">
Karnataka Legislature

The Karnataka Legislature is the bicameral legislature of the Indian state of Karnataka. The Legislature is composed of:

</doc>
<doc id="31214747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214747" title="Duncan/Channon">
Duncan/Channon

Duncan/Channon is an advertising agency in San Francisco, California. It was founded in 1990 by Robert Duncan and Parker Channon.
History.
Founded in 1990 as The Duncan Group, the agency assumed its current name in 1996. Both Duncan and Channon were former Foote, Cone & Belding creatives, and in 2000 they added a third partner, Andy Berkenfield, a former FCB vice-president, as general manager. Duncan and Channon remain executive creative directors.
Clients.
As of 2014, Duncan/Channon's clients include Hard Rock International, Sephora, Kona Brewing Company, StubHub, DriveTime, Sega, Palms Casino, Blurb and John Muir Health, among others. Past clients have included Allied Domecq, Birkenstock, Esurance, 1-800 CONTACTS, Oracle and LucasArts.
Awards.
In 2006, it was awarded Best of Show in the San Francisco Addys for its Hard Rock fork campaign, and again in 2011 for its design and packaging of Farrier wines. In 2007, it was awarded one of five top prizes in the international REBRAND 100 competition for its rebranding of Hard Rock. The agency has also been an honoree in the Webby awards (2009) for its Hard Rock Memorabilia website and one of three finalists, three years in a row (2008-2010), for the American Association of Advertising Agencies' O'Toole Award, given for a broad sampling of an agency's work in a given year.

</doc>
<doc id="31214762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214762" title="84th Field Artillery Regiment">
84th Field Artillery Regiment

The 84th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Distinctive unit insignia.
Description
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/16 inches (2.70 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, on a saltire Or a winged spur of the first. Attached below the shield a Red scroll inscribed “PERFORMANCE ABOVE ALL” in Gold letters.
The shield is red for Artillery. The saltire is taken from the State flag of Alabama, the birthplace of the Regiment. The winged spur signifies that the unit was mounted.
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 84th Field Artillery Regiment on 3 December 1936. It was redesignated for the 84th Field Artillery Battalion on 12 November 1940. It was redesignated for the 84th Artillery Regiment on 28 October 1958. The insignia was redesignated effective 1 September 1971, for the 84th Field Artillery Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="31214767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214767" title="Stoke Park, Bristol">
Stoke Park, Bristol

Stoke Park is a public open space of in Bristol, England. It occupies a prominent position on the eastern flanks of Purdown, alongside the M32 motorway, together with the landmark Dower House and Purdown transmitter.
Bristol City Council plan to keep a herd of organic Dexter cattle in the park, both as a supply of beef and as an educational resource.
The Dower House.
The Dower House is one Bristol's more prominent landmarks, set on a hill above the M32 motorway on the main approach into the city, and painted bright yellow. The house was built in 1553 by Sir Richard Berkeley. It has also been used as part of Stoke Park Hospital. The house closed as a hospital in 1985, and has since been converted into flats.
Duchess Pond.
Within Stoke Park are two small lakes, the largest of which is Duchess Pond. It is used for angling and also supports several species of breeding bird which are scarce elsewhere in Bristol, for example, Reed Warbler and Reed Bunting; in addition, an Egyptian Goose was seen here in 2006.
Listed structures.
Several aspects of the house and estate are listed. The house is Grade II* listed. The balustraded terrace, the Orangery, the remains of the Obelisk, and the Broomhill Gate are all Grade II listed. The woods contain the Beaufort Memorial, the cold bath, a stone tunnel, and a partially derelict stone tunnel with rusticated entrance arches, all also Grade II listed.

</doc>
<doc id="31214774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214774" title="McDonald Campground">
McDonald Campground

McDonald Campground is located in the town of Sidney on Vancouver Island, British Columbia. McDonald Campground is 20 hectares of forested parkland and can be accessed from the Pat Bay Highway (Highway 17). Previously, McDonald Campground was managed by the province of British Columbia. Today McDonald Campground is a part of Gulf Islands National Park Reserve.
Landscape.
Tent pads are separated by second-growth Douglas fir, Western red cedar and broadleaf maple trees. Some sites are in the sun, others in the shade. There are municipal parks and community trails nearby to explore.
Camping.
McDonald Campground is in close proximity to the town of Sidney, to the city of Victoria and to the Swartz Bay and Sidney-Anacortes [http://www.wsdot.wa.gov/ferries/ ferry terminals. Victoria Regional Transit provides service to-and-from the campground There are 49 drive-in, frontcountry campsites available. Campsites are suitable for tents, tent-trailers, truck-campers, motorhomes or recreational vehicles, but no electric hook-up is available. Amenities include potable water, pit toilets, picnic tables and fire pits (which are seasonally available). Campsites at McDonald Campground are reservable [http://www.pccamping.ca/parkscanada/.

</doc>
<doc id="31214792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214792" title="Grace Digital">
Grace Digital

Grace Digital Inc is a consumer electronics company based in San Diego, CA. Grace Digital, Inc. was founded in 2007, by James D. Palmer and Greg Fadul. Grace Digital is the manufacturer of CES Innovations Award winning audio solutions, with a California based product design facility and research and development locations in Cambridge, England, Taipei, Taiwan, and Seoul, Korea, the company’s main products are internet based radio receivers, audio archiving equipment, wireless speaker systems, and waterproof personal audio devices & gadgets.
Brand names.
Grace Digital launched its wireless home audio devices under the brand name "Grace Digital Audio". The nostalgic turntable devices were launched under the "Victoria" brand. In September 2010, Grace Digital launched a line of waterproof audio speaker cases under the brand "ECOXGEAR".
Products.
Internet Radios.
Grace Digital Wi-Fi Internet Radio Receivers are a combination Internet radio receiver and audio media streaming device that brings all the audio content of the Internet to your stereo system. 
Acting like any wireless device, once configured to the Wi-Fi signal available, and its security, if any, the Wi-Fi Receiver provides quick access to thousands of Internet radio stations and podcasts from your home music system without having to turn on a computer. The device will also act as a bridge between your computer network and your stereo, it can stream your digital music collection directly from your PC or Mac to your home stereo. Users can also utilize either the full function remote control included, or control via app for iPhone / iPod Touch/iPad or Android smartphone.
Audio archiving.
Products designed and manufactured by Grace Digital allow the consumer to convert vinyl records and cassette tapes to digital files using PC or Mac computers via a USB connection.
This is accomplished by recording audio from the original media in real time into the audio recording and editing software Audacity and subsequently saving the recorded audio to a file. The digital file can then be exported to a number of devices, such as an MP3 player.
Home audio.
Grace Digital designs and manufactures a line of wireless weather resistant speakers for use indoors or outdoors. These speakers include a wireless range of approximately 150 feet and battery power.
In July 2012, Grace Digital launched its first device-dedicated speaker dock for the Kindle Fire. Named The MatchStick, the speaker dock will charge the Kindle Fire while the device is docked into the speaker. The Grace Matchstick, previously called the Firedock, includes a full-range front bass ported speaker system, a built-in 16 watts class D digital amplifier, a remote control, and an optional battery.
The G-Dock is a similar speaker dock for Samsung smartphones, includes a full-range front bass ported speaker system, a built-in 16 watts class D digital amplifier, a remote control, and an optional battery.
ECOXGEAR.
The latest addition to the Grace Digital family of products is a line of personal speakers for smart phones and personal music devices. The ECOXGEAR line of speaker cases are rated to the IPX7 waterproofing standard. ECOEXTREME is the original device in the product line, but ECOXPRO adds a waterproof headphone jack for private listening.
ECOPOD is a waterproof case, only including a headphone jack and an optional bike clamp. A clear cover allows the user to see the device, which also can be controlled using headphones which allow interaction with a smartphone.
ECOTERRA is a waterproof boom box for smartphones. The product meets IPX7 standards and floats like the other devices. A clear cover allows the user to see the device, which also can be controlled using headphones.
ECOXPOWER is a pedal powered headlight and GPS/Mobile device charger for use with a bicycle. The device mounts to the hub of the front wheel of a bicycle. When the wheels turn, the internal dynamo-USB power generator charges a rechargeable Lithium-ion battery, this battery has a capacity of 700mAh, with an approximate 500 charge cycle battery life. Lighting is provided by an Ultra-bright LED 1W 80 LUX white headlight and 2 rear LED red lights. Lighting time without riding is approx. 1.5 hours with a fully charged battery. A Power Jack & Cable Connection powers & recharges the lighting system for your bicycle & charges optional attached devices. The headlight can be turned ON/OFF from the handlebar mounted wired remote control (included) on your bicycle. A water resistant touchscreen case (included) mounts on the bicycle’s handlebars to hold your Smartphone or GPS Device for use & to charge with the USB converter cable. Designed to fit most bicycles, the device ships with tools for installation.
ECOXBT is a unique portable audio system combining Bluetooth, Lithium Ion Battery & Waterproof Technologies. ECOXBT is a shock resistant, floating, waterproof, full-range rechargeable wireless speaker system. Do everything from streaming & playing your music from your Bluetooth enabled Smartphone / audio device, to answering your calls over the built-in speaker phone!
ECOROX is a smaller portable audio system combining Bluetooth, Lithium Ion Battery & Waterproof Technologies. ECOROX uses all the features of the ECOXBT in a smaller, case with the ability to be mounted to a suction cup mount or handlebar mount, using ¼ 20” Camera mount screw post
Business music systems.
Grace Digital has adapted internet radio and other technology used in their devices to be used in a business environment. Players use internet radio and USB memory for music on hold and overhead in-store music, also known as elevator music.
Grace Digital has 3 devices that support SiriusXM for Business. The GDI-IRBM20 is designed for a business environment and can be rack mounted into an equipment room. The Tuner Pro GDI-IRTP800 was launched in May 2012, which can be remotely controlled in an office or home automation network. This internet radio is certified by the Control4 home automation company. The GDI-SXBR1 SiriusXM for Business radio plays the same music throughout your office and telephone system simultaneously. This device has an online interface so users can manage their business music from remote locations, including day-parting.
History.
In 2007, Grace Digital was founded by James D. Palmer and Greg Fadul. The first products released were an internet radio tabletop and a 7-in-1 Wooden Entertainment Center.
In March 2008, Grace Digital introduced a line of nostalgic turntables.
In May 2008, Grace Digital released outdoor wireless weatherproof speaker systems.
In June 2008, Grace Digital brings to the market the first Pandora enabled wireless internet radio under $200.
In August 2008, Grace Digital announced plans to showcase Lars & Ivan hybrid tube amplifiers and complementary speakers for iPod at CEDIA EXPO 2008.
In February 2009 Grace Digital launched USB turntables and cassette recorders, with the ability to download audio to the home computer.
In March 2009, Grace Digital introduced wireless plug and play radios and speakers.
In April 2010, Grace Digital introduced Allegro Portable Wireless Radio.
In June 2010, Grace Digital adds iheartradio to their line-up of radio shows, podcasts and on-demand programs.
In August 2010, Grace Digital Audio introduced weatherproof outdoor wireless speakers.
In November 2010, Grace Digital’s ECOEXTREME is named CES Innovations 2011 Design and Engineering award honoree.
On January 20, 2011, Grace Digital adds Wi-Fi Bookshelf Music System, the first ever internet Radio Bookshelf system with 802.11n connectivity.
On October 19, 2011, Grace Digital introduced business audio systems for music on hold.
In January 2012, Grace Digital introduced ECOTERRA boombox-style waterproof speakers as part of the EcoXGear line.
On August 29, 2012, Grace Digital celebrated 5 years in business.
In October 2012, the ECOXBT rugged waterproof Bluetooth speaker is added to the EcoXGear line.

</doc>
<doc id="31214797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214797" title="Bolivian National Congress, 1989–93">
Bolivian National Congress, 1989–93

The Bolivian National Congress 1989–1993 was elected on 7 May 1989.
Chamber of Senators.
MNR – Revolutionary Nationalist Movement
PDB – Bolivian Democratic Party
PCML (d) – Communist Party of Bolivia (Marxist–Leninist) (dissidents)
MNRI-Siglo XX – Leftwing Revolutionary Nationalist Movement - 20th Century
PS-Aponte – Socialist Party-Guillermo Aponte Burela
AND – Nationalist Democratic Action
PDC – Christian Democratic Party
MIR – Revolutionary Left Movement
PCML – Communist Party of Bolivia (Marxist–Leninist)
MNR-V – Revolutionary Nationalist Movement-Vanguard
IU – United Left
MIR-BL – Revolutionary Left Movement- Free Bolivia
PCB – Communist Party of Bolivia
POR-U – Revolutionary Workers' Party-Unified
PS-1-Velasco – Socialist Party-One-Ramiro Velasco Romero
CONDEPA – Conscience of Fatherland

</doc>
<doc id="31214851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214851" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973, on the situation in Libya, is a measure that was adopted on 17 March 2011. The Security Council resolution was proposed by France, Lebanon, and the United Kingdom. 
Ten Security Council members voted in the affirmative (Bosnia and Herzegovina, Colombia, Gabon, Lebanon, Nigeria, Portugal, South Africa, and permanent members France, the United Kingdom, and the United States). Five (Brazil, Germany, and India, and permanent members China and Russia) abstained, with none opposed. 
The resolution formed the legal basis for military intervention in the Libyan civil war, demanding "an immediate ceasefire" and authorizing the international community to establish a no-fly zone and to use all means necessary short of foreign occupation to protect civilians.
Resolution.
Key points.
The resolution, adopted under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter:
Arming anti-Gaddafi forces.
On the face of it, the arms embargo imposed by paragraph 9 of resolution 1970 would prevent arms being supplied to anyone in Libya. However, the resolution qualifies resolution 1970 with the wording "all necessary measures, notwithstanding paragraph 9 of resolution 1970" if in so doing it would protect civilians. Hillary Clinton has argued that, though arming anti-Gaddafi forces was not being proposed at present, it would be legal to do so.
Voting.
Permanent members China and Russia had reservations about the no-fly zone, including the practicalities of enforcing such a zone and concerns about the use of force when other means had not been exhausted, but had noted requests by the Arab League and the "special situation" in Libya and therefore abstained. African members of the Security Council condemned the actions of the Libyan regime and supported the text.
The following day, Chancellor Angela Merkel said that Germany would not take part in the military operation, but added: "We unreservedly share the aims of this resolution. Our abstention should not be confused with neutrality."
India abstained because it perceived the resolution as being based on uncertain information (lack of "credible information on the situation on the ground in Libya") and as being too open-ended (lacking "clarity about details of enforcement measures, including who and with what assets will participate and how these measures will be exactly carried out").
Brazil too abstained noting the fundamental contradiction in using force to achieve an "immediate end to violence and the protection of civilians". They believed that the use of force "may have the unintended effect of exacerbating tensions on the ground and causing more harm than good to the very same civilians we are committed to protecting". The Brazilian Ambassador Mrs. Viotti further observed that "...an important aspect of the popular movement in North Africa and the Middle East is their spontaneous, homegrown nature. We are also concerned about the possibility that the use of military force, as called for in paragraph 4 of today’s resolution, could change that narrative in ways that may have serious repercussions for the situation in Libya and beyond." 
Libyan response.
On 18 March, Muammar Gaddafi's government announced that they would comply with the resolution and implement a ceasefire. However, it quickly became clear that no ceasefire had in fact been implemented.
Libyan opposition forces in Benghazi cheered and fired guns and fireworks into the air as the resolution was adopted. A few hours before issuing the resolution, Gaddafi warned the opposition with a speech saying, "We are coming tonight, and there will be no mercy".
Implementation.
Military intervention in Libya began on 19 March, as fighter jets of the French Air Force destroyed several pro-Gaddafi vehicles advancing on rebel stronghold Benghazi. U.S. and British submarines then fired over 110 Tomahawk cruise missiles at targets throughout Libya, severely disabling the regime's air defense capability and allowing a wider enforcement of the no-fly zone to begin. A coalition of 10 states from Europe and the Middle East initially participated in the intervention, later expanding to 17. On 31 March, NATO assumed command of the operation. The intervention succeeded in preventing pro-Gaddafi forces from capturing Benghazi.
On 24 August, it was acknowledged for the first time that special forces troops from Britain, Italy, France, Jordan, Qatar, and the UAE had intervened on the ground in Libyan territory, stepping up operations in Tripoli and other cities. This has been questioned as a possible violation of Resolution 1973 although the use of special forces is not prohibited by the resolution.
Noam Chomsky has argued that the Western military intervention into Libya was a clear breach of UNSCR 1973 since it nullified the attempts for a ceasefire that were put forward by the resolution and welcomed by Gaddafi. As he puts it, "NATO powers (France and Britain in the lead and the United States following) violated the resolution, radically, and became the air force of the rebels. Nothing in the resolution justified that. It did call for “all necessary steps” to protect civilians, but there’s a big difference between protecting civilians and being the air force for the rebels." 

</doc>
<doc id="31214852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214852" title="Honda CBR250R (2011)">
Honda CBR250R (2011)

The Honda CBR250R (model Honda MC41) is a single cylinder sport bike made by Honda. It was primarily intended for the Thai and Indian markets, but is sold worldwide, including in developed countries in Europe, North America and elsewhere.
Regional markets.
In developing countries where typical motorcycles are displacement, the larger CBR250R is at the higher end of the sport bike range, looking similar to much more powerful sporting machines with its full fairing in Honda's new layered style that was introduced on the 2008 CBR1000RR Fireblade and 2010 VFR1200F. In wealthier industrialized countries, the CBR250R enters at the opposite end of the market, as a budget priced beginner or utility bike, practical and fuel efficient, but with limited sporting pretensions.
In the US, the new CBR250R is the first major competition the Kawasaki Ninja 250R has faced since the early 1990s. The CBR250R has optional mechanical combined anti-lock brakes, which is unusual at its price.
Design.
The CBR250R closely follows the style of the VFR1200F, notable for its Y-shaped headlight and prominent middle cowl, which creates a layered look. This new direction in Honda design debuted at Intermot in 2008 with the V4 Concept Model, and the 2008 CBR1000RR Fireblade.
"Motorcycle Consumer News" design columnist Glynn Kerr observed that new direction in bike design fits the pattern of motorcycle trends imitating, but lagging behind, car styling, in that motorcycles are shifting away from sharp, "lithe", dart-like shapes of the 2010s toward a heavier, "chunky" style with a higher, blunter nose, and, in cars, a "high waisted" middle with short windows and thicker pillars. Kerr cites the Chrysler 300 as the best example, as well as smaller cars like the Audi A3 and Suzuki Swift, commenting that, "aggression now comes from appearing strong and assertive, rather than light and dart-like... the arrow has been replaced by the hammer."
In motorcycles this translates into a heavy front, reverse rake angle headlight, and the use of little or no color on the rear half of the bike to spotlight the front one-fourth of the bike. In this aspect, Kerr also sees influence from the 1994 Morbidelli V8, the 1991 Yamaha TDM850, and Honda's DN-01 of 2005. On the 2008 CBR1000RR, Kerr thought the dominant vertical line produced an awkward, top heavy look that played against traditional race replica styling of body lines sloping downwards towards the front. The 2010 VFR1200F was visually more successful because the new style better suited the greater proportions of a touring motorcycle, and in spite of Honda's third iteration of the style being a much smaller bike, nonetheless Kerr said, "the latest CBR250R carries the look even better than its big brother." The "Ottawa Citizen"s review by David Booth said the CBR250R looked better than the VFR1200F as well, commenting that, "Where the various bulges of the big VFR are a little too Jessica Rabbit-like over-the-top, the little CBR250R styling is far more subtle and really looks the classier of the two."
Critical reception.
Reviews of the CBR250R generally rate its performance in comparison to its main competitor, which in the US and Canada is the Kawasaki Ninja 250R. The Hyosung GT250, rebadged as the ATK GT250 for 2011, is also a potential competitor in those markets, although it fares poorly in comparison. In India, the Ninja 250R and Hero Honda Karizma R are the leading competition. Though lower in peak power and with a slower top speed than the Ninja 250, the CBR was lauded for having more torque available at lower engine speeds, meaning that it was easier to accelerate from low speed and pulling away required less noise and drama, since the Ninja had to be revved to 9,000 rpm and above to make use of its greater power. This made the CBR250R more pleasant and forgiving to ride than the sportier, but more challenging, Ninja. Complaints from "The Economic Times" of Mumbai included a tendency to stand up if the rider makes a sloppy mid-corner correction, and brakes and suspension not up to the standards of a track bike. The Indian reviewer also perceived the wet weight as "not so light", while American journalists considered it a featherweight, "incredibly agile, flickable ... almost too light," at lighter than the Ninja 250R. The Ninja 250R's brakes had a better, more linear feel with stronger initial bite and could stop from in , while the CBR250R, with a stopping distance of , was lauded for its combined anti-lock brake option, a boon to beginners in spite of the slightly shorter braking distance achievable on the Ninja 250R by a skilled sport rider. Kevin Ash, at , found the dimensions comfortable for someone of his height, while David Booth cautioned it could be cramped for taller riders.
In one head to head comparison, "MotorcycleUSA" judged the Ninja 250R to be the better bike due to its superior speed and handling. The testers at "Motorcycle Consumer News" found the CBR250R to be the better choice, given the needs of its presumed prospective buyers in the US, beginners and those looking for a practical motorcycle for long commutes, though "if sheer performance is all you're after" without regard for fuel efficiency, then the Ninja 250R might be preferable.
Production.
The production model was unveiled in the Thailand International Motor Expo 2010 on November 27, 2010, Hong Kong's Central District on November 28, 2010, and EICMA 2010
Global models of the CBR250R were produced by Thai Honda Manufacturing in Thailand, with sales beginning in November 2010, followed by spring 2011 in Japan. Indian and South America models were produced by HMSI in India beginning in the spring of 2011.
Successor.
In October 2013 the longer-stroke Honda CBR300R was announced at the China International Motorcycle Trade Exhibition in Chongqing, with engine displacement increased from in response to the Kawasaki Ninja 300. Honda said the new model has increased horsepower, from , and greater torque, from .
In February, 2014, Honda announced that production had been pushed back to late 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31214873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214873" title="Roger Lyndon">
Roger Lyndon

Roger Conant Lyndon (1917–1988) was an American mathematician, for many years a professor at the University of Michigan. He is known for Lyndon words, the Curtis–Hedlund–Lyndon theorem, Craig–Lyndon interpolation and the Lyndon–Hochschild–Serre spectral sequence.
Biography.
Lyndon was born on December 18, 1917 in Calais, Maine, the son of a Unitarian minister. His mother died when he was two years old, after which he and his father moved several times to towns in Massachusetts and New York. He did his undergraduate studies at Harvard University, originally intending to study literature but eventually settling on mathematics, and graduated in 1939. He took a job as a banker, but soon afterwards returned to graduate school at Harvard, earning a masters degree in 1941. After a brief teaching stint at the Georgia Institute of Technology, he returned to Harvard for the third time in 1942 and while there taught navigation as part of the V-12 Navy College Training Program while earning his Ph.D. He received his doctorate in 1946 under the supervision of Saunders Mac Lane.
After graduating from Harvard, Lyndon worked at the Office of Naval Research and then for five years as an instructor and assistant professor at Princeton University before moving to Michigan in 1953. At Michigan, he shared an office with Donald G. Higman; his notable doctoral students there included Kenneth Appel and Joseph Kruskal.
Lyndon died on June 8, 1988, in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Research.
Lyndon's Ph.D. thesis concerned group cohomology; the Lyndon–Hochschild–Serre spectral sequence, coming out of that work, relates a group's cohomology to the cohomologies of its normal subgroups and their quotient groups.
A Lyndon word is a string of symbols that is smaller, lexicographically, than any of its cyclic rotations; Lyndon introduced these words in 1954 while studying the bases of free groups.
Lyndon was credited by Gustav A. Hedlund for his role in the discovery of the Curtis–Hedlund–Lyndon theorem, a mathematical characterization of cellular automata in terms of continuous equivariant functions on shift spaces.
The Craig–Lyndon interpolation theorem in formal logic states that every logical implication can be factored into the composition of two implications, such that each nonlogical symbol in the middle formula of the composition is also used in both of the other two formulas. A version of the theorem was proved by William Craig in 1957, and strengthened by Lyndon in 1959.
In addition to these results, Lyndon made important contributions to combinatorial group theory, the study of groups in terms of their presentations in terms of sequences of generating elements that combine to form the group identity.
Books.
Lyndon was the author or coauthor of the books:
Awards and honors.
The book "Contributions to Group Theory" (American Mathematical Society, 1984, ISBN 978-0-8218-5035-0) is a festschrift dedicated to Lyndon on the occasion of his 65th birthday; it includes five articles about Lyndon and his mathematical research, as well as 27 invited and refereed research articles.
The Roger Lyndon Collegiate Professorship of Mathematics at the University of Michigan, held by Hyman Bass since 1999, is named after Lyndon.

</doc>
<doc id="31214902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214902" title="SS Zealandic">
SS Zealandic

At least two ships have been named SS "Zealandic":

</doc>
<doc id="31214917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214917" title="Ex-Rad">
Ex-Rad

Ex-Rad (or Ex-RAD), also known by the code name ON 01210.Na, is a drug developed by Onconova Therapeutics and the U.S. Department of Defense. This newly developed compound is said to be a potent radiation protection agent. Chemically, it is the sodium salt of 4-carboxystyryl-4-chlorobenzylsulfone.
Clinical trials.
The results of two Phase I clinical studies in healthy human volunteers indicate that subcutaneously injected Ex-Rad is safe and well tolerated, with "no evidence of systemic side effects". A study in mice demonstrated the efficacy of Ex-Rad by increasing the survival rate of mice exposed to typically lethal whole-body irradiation. The study tested oral and parenteral administration of Ex-Rad for both pre- and post-exposure radiomitigation.
Research on Ex-Rad has involved collaboration with the Armed Forces Radiobiology Research Institute (AFRRI), the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular & Cellular Biology at Georgetown University, Long Island University's Arnold & Marie Schwartz College of Pharmacy, and the Department of Oncological Sciences at the Mt. Sinai School of Medicine.
Mechanism of action.
Onconova suggests that Ex-Rad protects cells exposed to radiation against DNA damage, and that the drug's mechanism of action does not involve scavenging free radicals or arresting the cell cycle. Instead, they claim it employs a "novel mechanism" involving "intracellular signaling, damage sensing, and DNA repair pathways". Ex-RAD is a chlorobenzylsulfone derivative that works after free radicals have damaged DNA. Onconova CEO Ramesh Kumar believes this is a better approach than trying to scavenge free radicals. “Free radicals are very short-lived, and so the window of opportunity to give a drug is very narrow,” he says. In cell and animal models, Ex-RAD protects hematopoietic and gastrointestinal tissues from radiation injury when given either before or after exposure.

</doc>
<doc id="31214919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214919" title="Pebatjma">
Pebatjma

Pebatjma (or Pebatma) was a Nubian queen dated to the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt. She was the wife of King Kashta. She is mentioned on a statue of her daughter Amenirdis I, now in Cairo (42198). She is also mentioned on a door-jamb from Abydos.
Family.
Pebatjma was the wife of King Kashta. Several children and possible children are recorded:
Possible identification with Pabtamer.
It is possible but by no means certain that Pebatjma is identical to a royal woman named Pabtamer (Pa-abt-ta-mer). A stela from Abydos belonging to a general named Paqattereru (Pekatror) records how this general was called upon by Osiris for the burial of his mother Pabtamer who had the beautiful name Meres-Nip ("beloved of Napata" or "She who loves Napata"). She holds the titles Chantress of Amun, King's Sister, King's daughter, and Mother of the Adorer of the God. It has been suggested that Pa-abt-ta-mer is an Egyptianization of the name Pebatjma. The problem with the identification is that Pa-abt-ta-mer holds slightly different titles than those recorded for Pebatjma on other monuments. Furthermore, the title of King's daughter is slightly problematic as there is no known king who could be her father. Paqattereru is not a King's son, and these facts may point to Pa-abt-ta-mer being an otherwise unknown wife of either Piye or Taharqa, and the mother of either Shepenupet II or Amenirdis II.

</doc>
<doc id="31214921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214921" title="Fulgorariinae">
Fulgorariinae

The subfamily Fulgorariinae contains sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae. They are characterized by an uniserial radula with tricuspid teeth. Lateral cusps are thickest along the lateral edge, broader and generally longer than the central cusps. The protoconch is large or small, papilliform and often tilted on its vertical axis. Shells are fusiform and show numerous irregular columellar plaits.
Distribution.
Most of the species thrive in the benthic zone between 100 and 300 m on mud and shell grit substrate. Rare bathyal species are brought up from 800 to 1000 m. The distribution of the Fulgorariinae extends along the East coast of Asia, from throughout Japan except the Okhotsk Sea, the Pacific coast, the Japan Sea, the East China Sea and the South China Sea down to the coast of Vietnam.
Fossil History.
Some fulgorariid fossils can be traced back to the Oligocene, but possible ancestors of recent species only appeared during the Pliocene only with an abrupt increase after the Late Pliocene, in which almost all the recent species were established.
Though recent species are now restricted to the Asian Margin of the Pacific Ocean, from Hokkaido, Japan to Vietnam, fossil studies show that species belonging to that subfamily occurred along both the eastern and the western margins of the northern Pacific Ocean. Five taxa, related to the subgenus "Psephaea", are described from the Paleocene strata of California, from the lower Miocene to the Pliocene.
Systematic arrangement.
In Volutidae, the absence of planktotrophic development (in most groups) does not allow exchange of genetic material between geographically separate populations. Thus, local inbreeding involves a high tendency to speciation.
Genera and subgenera within the Fulgorariinae:

</doc>
<doc id="31214923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214923" title="List of companies of Andorra">
List of companies of Andorra

This is a list of notable companies based in Andorra, grouped by their Industry Classification Benchmark sector.

</doc>
<doc id="31214932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214932" title="Edwin Thomas Hall">
Edwin Thomas Hall

Edwin Thomas Hall (1851-1923) was a British architect known primarily for the design of the Liberty & Co. department store, the Old Library at Dulwich College (1902-3) and various hospitals. He was the brother of the architect George Alfred Hall and father of Edwin Stanley Hall, also a noted architect.
Biography.
Born in 1851, the son of architect, George Hall, he started independent practice in London in 1876, and is best known for his work designing hospitals. He won the 1894 competition for the design of Hither Green Infectious Diseases Hospital and then a 1908 competition to design the new Manchester Royal Infirmary. The architect John Brooke was cited as "joint architect" with E T Hall in the design of the Manchester Royal Infirmary opened on July 6, 1909. He also designed two hospitals in Leeds, the Homoeopathic Hospital in Queen Square and several hospitals in Sussex as well as the St Giles Hospital in Peckham and the Camberwell Infirmary.
His large architects practice also designed a number of factories, offices, churches, houses and flats. Amongst these are Sloane Mansions in Sloane Square and St Ermin's Mansions in 1889 (which later became St Ermin's Hotel in 1899) in Westminster.
Liberty's.
Hall's most noted work, which he undertook with his son, was the design of the Regent Street department store Liberty & Co., which is now a Grade II* listed building. Although the landowner, the Crown Estate, required all buildings on Regent Street to be in a classical style, Hall constructed the famous black and white timber Elizabethan-style frontage of Liberty's that faces on to Great Marlborough Street. Completed after his death in 1924, its mock Tudor style was designed around the ideas of the store's owner, Arthur Liberty. The timber for the outside façade was taken from old wooden sailing ships: HMS Impregnable and HMS Hindustan. The frontage on Great Marlborough Street is the same length as the "Hindustan".
Three light wells form the main internal focus of the building. Each of these wells was surrounded by smaller rooms to create a homely feel. Many of the rooms had fireplaces and some still exist.
The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner was very critical of the building's architecture, saying: "The scale is wrong, the symmetry is wrong. The proximity to a classical façade put up by the same firm at the same time is wrong, and the goings-on of a store behind such a façade (and below those twisted Tudor chimneys) are wrongest of all".
RIBA.
He was a vice-president of the Royal Institute of British Architects and was an active participant in drawing up the Institute’s charter in 1887. He was known as "Bye law Hall" not only because of his incisive legal mind but for the major part he played in drafting the updating of the London Building Acts in the 1890s.
Dulwich Estates.
Hall was a Dulwich Estates Governor for 22 years and chairman from 1908-10. In addition to the Old Library, other local projects included Camberwell Public Library and Council Offices, and the completion of the British Home for Incurables in Streatham.
Hall also provided the initial concept for the Sunray Gardens Estate. The advanced concept advocated a garden city layout with innovative integral community facilities.
Books.
Hall published the well known "Dulwich History and Romance AD 967-1916" in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="31214933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214933" title="FC Ak-Zhol">
FC Ak-Zhol

FC Ak-Zhol is a Kyrgyzstan's football club based in Aravan, Kyrgyzstan that plays in the top division in Kyrgyzstan League that controls bye Football Federation of Kyrgyz Republic .
Aravan's football club shown by different names in the Kyrgyzstan League. The club plays its home games at Aravan Stadium. The best performance of the FC Ak-Zhol was Kyrgyzstan Cup 2005 by reached the Semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31214935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214935" title="R. W. Schambach">
R. W. Schambach

Robert W. Schambach (April 3, 1926 – January 17, 2012) was an American televangelist, pastor, faith healer and author. His television program, "Power Today", can be seen on the DayStar Christian TV network as well as over the internet in streaming podcasts.
Early life and faith.
Schambach was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He became a born-again Christian as a youth on a street corner when the evangelist C. M. Ward had given an altar call to receive Jesus Christ.
Ministry.
Ordained as a pastor by C. M. Ward, Schambach, who was also a protégé of the evangelist/faith healer T. L. Osborn, received his formal training at Central Bible Institute in Springfield, Missouri, in the mid-1940s, after serving in World War II as a navy boiler-maker on a destroyer in the South Pacific and Asia. He then began an apprenticeship with A. A. Allen and worked for five years. Shambach began travelling extensively with Allen on his "Miracle Crusades" during that period along with Don Stewart and Leroy Jenkins.
Family life and death.
Schambach's wife of 62 years, Mary Winifred (born September 3, 1926, in Philadelphia), died from natural causes in Tyler, Texas, on April 20, 2010. Schambach has two sons and a daughter: Bobby, Bruce and Donna. Donna Schambach is a pastor and faith healer in the Tyler area. Schambach died of a heart attack on January 17, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31214937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214937" title="S.O.S. Emergência">
S.O.S. Emergência

SOS Emergency is a Brazilian television comedy show aired by Rede Globo, created by Daniel Adjafre & Marcius Melhem and with the general direction of Mauro Mendonça. His debut occurred on April 4, 2010. The first season featured 13 episodes, ending on July 18, 2010. The second season premiered on August 2, 2010 and ended on December 19, 2010, with 26 episodes.
Story.
The show tells the story of the unusual routine of professionals in the hospital Isaac Rosenberg, bringing humor to the relationship between doctors and patients. The characters of the series work in the hospital and deal, in every episode, with different patients.
Audience.
The show debuted with an average audience of 18 million viewers, a number considered good for the time the series had been scheduled (23:00 pm). Peak audience was 23 million viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="31214951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214951" title="Yvonne Owen">
Yvonne Owen

Yvonne Owen (1923–1990) was a British film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="31214973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214973" title="Euan Norris">
Euan Norris

Euan Norris (born October 29th, 1977) is a Scottish football referee active in the Scottish Premier League.
Norris became a FIFA referee in 2009. He has officiated in UEFA Euro 2012 qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="31214999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31214999" title="Christian Association for Social Action">
Christian Association for Social Action

Christian Association for Social Action is a Kerala-based Christian social action group that came to prominence after finding common cause with Vishva Hindu Parishad. The religious conversion racket, "Love Jihad", which operated in the region from 2005 to 2009 operated by encouraging its members to seducing girls, often schoolgirls and causing or enticing them to convert, and had come to the attention of the Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council, India Director General of Police, and the Kerala High Court among others.

</doc>
<doc id="31215006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215006" title="List of companies of the Isle of Man">
List of companies of the Isle of Man

This is a list of notable companies based in Isle of Man, grouped by their Industry Classification Benchmark sector.

</doc>
<doc id="31215010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215010" title="2011 Andalucia Tennis Experience">
2011 Andalucia Tennis Experience

The 2011 Andalucia Tennis Experience was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 3rd edition of the Andalucia Tennis Experience, and an International-level tournament of the 2011 WTA Tour. The event took place at the Club de Tenis Puente Romano in Marbella, Spain, from April 2 through April 10, 2011.
The field was led by top seed Victoria Azarenka. She was joined by former world no. 1 Russian Dinara Safina and two-time Grand Slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova. Defending champion Flavia Pennetta and finalist of the past two years Carla Suárez Navarro were also on set to join the field before they withdrew.
Prize Money & Points Distribution.
Prize Money.
The total commitment prize money for this year's event is US $220.000.
Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry via qualifying:
Notable Withdrawals.
The following players withdrew from the tournament for various reasons:

</doc>
<doc id="31215014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215014" title="Bicycle Safety Camp">
Bicycle Safety Camp

Bicycle Safety Camp is a 1989 educational video produced by TIPP: The Injury Prevention Program then a division of The American Academy of Pediatrics. The video was produced by Broad Street Productions, and although now out of print still continues to be shown at elementary schools and by parents throughout the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31215015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215015" title="Uttar Pradesh Legislature">
Uttar Pradesh Legislature

The Uttar Pradesh Legislature is the bicameral legislature of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The Legislature is composed of:

</doc>
<doc id="31215020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215020" title="Xombie">
Xombie

Xombie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31215031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215031" title="Tuure Nieminen">
Tuure Nieminen

Tuure Nieminen (1894 – 1968) was a Finnish ski jumper. He was born in Helsinki. He participated at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix, where he placed 13th in ski jumping.

</doc>
<doc id="31215035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215035" title="Mos Speedrun">
Mos Speedrun

Mos Speedrun is an 8-bit retro-style game developed by Physmo and released in April 2011 for iOS. Gameplay revolves around clearing levels and collecting coins as quickly as possible but forgoes the virtual d-pad typically used by iOS platformers in favor of a simplified two button control system.

</doc>
<doc id="31215101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215101" title="Iliyan Iliev">
Iliyan Iliev

Iliyan Rumenov Iliev (; born 6 November 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Minyor Pernik.
Career.
He made his debut in Marek Dupnitsa on 8 August in the team's 0–0 draw with Etar Veliko Tarnovo. On 22 August Iliev scored his first goal against Kom-Minyor. In the 2009–10 campaign he appeared in 28 matches and scored one goal.
On 20 January 2011, Iliev joined Minyor Pernik on a three-year contract, taking squad number 15.

</doc>
<doc id="31215124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215124" title="Sulo Jääskeläinen">
Sulo Jääskeläinen

Sulo Jääskeläinen (1890 – 1942) was a Finnish skier. He was born in Vyborg. He participated at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix, where he placed 11th in ski jumping and 16th in Nordic combined.

</doc>
<doc id="31215153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215153" title="Corsários Rugby Clube">
Corsários Rugby Clube

The Corsários Rugby Clube is a Brazilian rugby union club based in Rio Grande, Rio Grande do Sul, founded in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31215158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215158" title="The Small World of Sammy Lee">
The Small World of Sammy Lee

The Small World of Sammy Lee is a 1963 British crime film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Anthony Newley, Julia Foster and Robert Stephens. A peep-show compere is hunted across the seedy underworld of London by debt collectors.

</doc>
<doc id="31215168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215168" title="Josef Boyd">
Josef Boyd

Josef A. Boyd (October 20, 1948 – May 27, 1998) was an American engineer employed by Honda R&D Americas in Torrance, California. He died in an accident involving another Honda employee, Dirk Vandenberg, while they were evaluating a pre-production version of the Honda CBR600F4 motorcycle. At the time of the accident, Mr Boyd was apparently photographing the motorcycle being ridden by Mr Vandenberg at Willow Springs Raceway in Rosamond, California. Vandenberg also died in the accident.
Dedications.
Following his death the words, "Dedicated to Super Evaluators Dirk Vandenberg and Josef Boyd", were embossed in raised letters on the inside of the Honda CBR600F4's upper fairing. 
Canadian motorcycle racer Miguel Duhamel dedicated his May 30, 1998, AMA Superbike race win at Road Atlanta to Josef Boyd and Dirk Vandenberg.
Valkyrie.
Josef A. Boyd, aka GL Joe, was considered the "father" of the GL1500C Valkyrie F6C motorcycle, which was a "cruiser" derivation of the Honda Goldwing.

</doc>
<doc id="31215228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215228" title="Blobster">
Blobster

Blobster is a video game developed by Divine Robot and published by Chillingo for iOS. The game is a physics based puzzler that utilizes both accelerometer and touch controls to guide a blob through levels of increasing complexity.

</doc>
<doc id="31215234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215234" title="Herbert Morley">
Herbert Morley

Herbert Morley (2 April 1616 – 29 September 1667) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1640 and 1667. He fought for the Parliamentary army in the English Civil War. Later he was appointed Lieutenant of the Tower of London.
Morley was the son of Robert Morley of Glynde Place, Sussex and his wife Susanna Hodgson, daughter and heiress of Thomas Hodgson, of Framfield. He was at school at Lewes and was admitted at Emmanuel College, Cambridge on 9 May 1632. He was admitted at the Inner Temple in November 1634.
He served as a Justice of the Peace for Sussex from 1641 to 1660.
Morley was elected Member of Parliament for Lewes just before the dissolution of the Short Parliament. In November 1640, he was re- elected MP for Lewes in the Long Parliament. In the civil war he became a colonel in the Parliamentary Army and was chief agent for raising troops, and sequestrating estates, in Sussex. He was nominated one of the King's judges, but refused to act. He was a member of the Council of State between 1650 and 1653. In 1654 he was returned as MP for Sussex and for Rye in the First Protectorate Parliament. In 1656 he was elected as MP for Sussex in the Second Protectorate Parliament. In 1659 he was elected MP for Sussex and for Lewes in the Third Protectorate Parliament. He was member of the Council of State and an Admiralty Commissioner in 1659
In 1660, Morley was a member of the Council of State and was elected MP for Rye in the Convention Parliament. He refused to negotiate the King's return and purchased a pardon in 1660. He was re-elected MP for Rye in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until his death in 1667. 
Morley died at the age of 51

</doc>
<doc id="31215284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215284" title="The Great McGonagall (film)">
The Great McGonagall (film)

The Great McGonagall is a 1974 British comedy film directed by Joseph McGrath and starring Spike Milligan, Peter Sellers and Julia Foster. It is a humorous biopic of the Scottish poet William McGonagall.

</doc>
<doc id="31215314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215314" title="Steven Walsh">
Steven Walsh

Steven Myles Walsh (born September 11, 1973 in Boston, Massachusetts
) is an American politician who represented the 11th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2005 to 2014. He is also a practicing attorney and adjunct faculty member of North Shore Community College’s Public Policy Institute. He received his J.D. (2005) from the New England School of Law and his B.A. (1995) from Wesleyan University. He resigned March 5, 2014, to become executive director of the Massachusetts Council of Community Hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="31215317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215317" title="Lord Wilton">
Lord Wilton

The Lord Wilton Guarnerius, sometimes called the ex-Yehudi Menuhin, is an antique and valuable violin fabricated by Italian luthier, Giuseppe Antonio Guarneri (1698–1744), usually called Guarneri del Gesù. The Wilton was crafted in 1742 in the city of Cremona. It was named for a Seymour Egerton, 4th Earl of Wilton, a musician, associate of Arthur Sullivan, and 19th century owner of the instrument. It was owned and played by the celebrated violinist Yehudi Menuhin from 1978 to 1999. After Menuhin's death in 1999, the instrument was sold for $6 million to well-known collector David L. Fulton, the highest price paid for a violin to that date. As of 2013, the instrument remains in Fulton's possession. Zlatko Balokovic also played the instrument from 1952 to 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="31215333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215333" title="Ann-Sophie Bettez">
Ann-Sophie Bettez

Ann-Sophie Bettez (born October 14, 1987) is an ice hockey forward for the McGill Martlets women's ice hockey program.
Playing career.
CIS.
She was CIS rookie of the year in 2008 and voted league MVP in her sophomore year. She won the 2009 QSSF scoring crown with 24 goals and 30 assists for 54 points in just 18 conference games. These numbers set league records in each category. She was seven points back of Alberta Pandas player Tarin Podloski (23-38-61) for the CIS national scoring title.
In 2008, Bettez was one of three Martlets in three years to be named as the top rookie in Canadian Interuniversity Sport women's ice hockey championship. This marked the first time in CIS history that players from the same school in a team sport were honoured as the nation’s best freshman for three consecutive years. Catherine Ward and Marie-Andree Leclerc-Auger received the award in 2006-07 and 2008-09."
On February 14, 2010, Bettez had two goals and defenceman Cathy Chartrand added three assists as the No.1-ranked McGill won for the 78th consecutive outing, blanking Concordia 3-0 in women's hockey at the Ed Meagher Arena. It marked McGill's 32nd straight win over the Stingers, who haven't scored against the Martlets in more than six regular season games, dating back to a 16-1 McGill win on Nov. 15, 2007. 
During the 2011–12 McGill Martlets women's ice hockey season, she was named an alternate captain. Anne-Sophie Bettez was chosen player by excellence of the season 2011-2012. The player ended the season in the second rank with a harvest of 13 goals and 24 assists for 37 points in 20 games. It is the second time When Anne-Sophie Bettez receives this honor. She had been named an "athlete par excellence" in 2008-2009 season besides removing recruit's title of the year in 2007-2008.
Hockey Canada.
Her first experience with Hockey Canada was in 2007. She attended Canada's national women's under-22 team selection camp in Toronto in August 2007. The following year, she attended Canada's national women's under-22 team evaluation camp in Calgary. In August 2008, she played for Canada's national women's under-22 team in a three-game exhibition against the USA, in Pierrefonds, Quebec.
In 2009, she won a silver medal with Team Canada at the 2009 MLP Cup in Germany. She had three points in the four game tournament. Bettez was named to Canadian national team roster for the IIHF world championship in Hameenlinna, Finland. She was part of the roster that won a silver medal. In January 2010, she won a gold medal at the MLP Cup in Germany. In March 2011, she was invited to the Canada women's national ice hockey team selection camp to determine the final roster for the 2011 IIHF Women's World Championship. At the 2011 Winter Universiade, Ann-Sophie Bettez scored two goals in a 14-0 shutout of Great Britain (contested on January 30, 2011 at Cemal Gursel Arena). With the win, Canada improved to 3-0 in the tournament. Bettez scored one of the four Team Canada goals in its gold medal triumph at the 2011 Winter Universiade.

</doc>
<doc id="31215344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215344" title="Moll Flanders (1975 film)">
Moll Flanders (1975 film)

Moll Flanders is a 1975 British drama television film directed by Donald McWhinnie and starring Julia Foster, Kenneth Haigh and Ian Ogilvy. It is an adaptation of the novel "Moll Flanders" by Daniel Defoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31215351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215351" title="Robert W. Dean">
Robert W. Dean

Robert W. Dean (July 20, 1923 – December 2, 1999) was an American jurist and legislator from Wisconsin.
Born in Tomahawk, Wisconsin, Dean received his bachelors and law degrees from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. During World War II, he served in the United States Army Air Forces. After college, he moved to Wausau, Wisconsin to practice law. From 1959 to 1962, he served in the Wisconsin State Senate and in 1962 was appointed a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge. From 1978 until his retirement in 1986, he served in the Wisconsin Court of Appeals.

</doc>
<doc id="31215365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215365" title="Lou van Burg">
Lou van Burg

Lou van Burg (born Loetje van Weerdenburg) (25 August 1917 - 26 April 1986) was a Dutch television personality and game show host.
Born in The Hague, van Burg began his career as a singer and conferencier in Paris cabarets. He first appeared as a TV entertainer on the Austrian ORF broadcaster in 1958 and shortly afterwards also on German ARD. 
When the second German television broadcaster ZDF had launched in 1963, van Burg in the following year became the host of "Der goldene Schuss", a game show that quickly reached an immense popularity. Referring to Schiller's "Wilhelm Tell", in an early example of an interactive game the contestants, supported by viewers via telephone, had to true up the bolt of a crossbow trying to hit the bullseye on a displayed target. The ritual, accompanied by van Burg's catchphrases (""Wunnebar""), became a TV classic. On 25 August 1966 the show was even broadcast from the Monte Carlo Casino starring Grace Kelly and in 1967 it was adopted by the British ITV network ("The Golden Shot"). In the same year however, van Burg had to hand off the show after the yellow press had spread rumours about his private life.
In the following years he again worked as a conferencier until he was able to return on the TV screen in 1976, again hosting several game shows on ZDF. From 1979 he also worked with Frank Elstner as a radio host on the German service of Radio Luxemburg.
Lou van Burg died in Munich, aged 68.

</doc>
<doc id="31215366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215366" title="List of Adult Top 40 number-one songs of the 2000s">
List of Adult Top 40 number-one songs of the 2000s

Songs that reached number one on the "Billboard" Adult Top 40 chart during the 2000s, listed in chronological order. The top song of 2000, "Smooth", spent a record 25 weeks at number one on the chart beginning in October 1999 and continuing through April 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31215368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215368" title="Spain women's national ice hockey team">
Spain women's national ice hockey team

The Spain women's national ice hockey team represents Spain at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by Federación Española de Deportes de Hielo. As of 2011, Spain has 63 female players. The "Selección Nacional Femenina de Hockey" is ranked 35th in the world.
History.
The "Selección Nacional Femenina de Hockey" had their debut at an international event at Cergy in France, where they lost the event's opening match on 21 May 2009 against a Bavarian selection, with a score of 1-10. They also celebrated their first victory on the same day, beating the Lady Panthers Grefrath 4-0. Their first match against another national team at that event was their match against Belgium on 22 May 2009, which they lost 1-3.
In 2009 the "Selección Nacional Femenina de Hockey" was the first time involved in the World Championship competition but the 2009 World Women's Championship Division V did not play. The tournament was cancelled. The reasons seem to be multiple. No country wanted to assume the financial costs of the tournament. 
The Spanish national team had their World Championship debut at the 2011 Women's World Ice Hockey Championships, where they were scheduled to meet the Bulgarian, Irish, Polish and Turkish national teams in the Division V event in Sofia from 14 to 20 March 2011.
Olympic record.
The Spain Women hockey team has never qualified for an Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31215369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215369" title="Algae scrubber">
Algae scrubber

An algae scrubber is a water filtering device (not to be confused with a scrubber pad used to clean glass) which uses light to grow algae; in this process, undesirable chemicals are removed from the water. Algae scrubbers have allowed saltwater and freshwater aquarium and pond hobbyists the ability to operate their tanks the way that oceans and lakes operate: using natural filtration in the form of primary production.
Concepts.
Both iron fertilization and ocean nourishment are techniques that boost the primary production of algae in the ocean, which consumes massive amounts of nutrients and CO2. It is this same consumption of nutrients that algae perform in an aquarium or pond.
An algae scrubber filters water by moving water rapidly over a rough, highly illuminated surface, which causes algae to start growing in large amounts. As the algae grow, they consume nutrients such as nitrate, phosphate, nitrite, ammonia, ammonium and even metals such as copper from the water. These nutrients are normally a problem in aquariums and ponds because they cause nuisance algae to grow, and also because they cause sickness and/or other problems in aquarium fish, invertebrates and corals. An algae scrubber allows algae to grow, but the algae grow inside the filter instead of in the aquarium or pond. This removes excess nutrients (scrubs the water), diminishing nuisance algae in the aquarium or pond . Nuisance algae in the aquarium or pond are not to be confused with the desired algae in the algae scrubber filter itself. The algae that grow in the algae scrubber can then be removed, or fed back to the livestock.
Algae scrubbers are used in both saltwater and freshwater, and remove nuisance algae of multiple types: cyano or slime, bubble, hair, "Chaetomorpha", "Caulerpa", and film algae, as well as dinoflagellates and "Aiptasia".
History.
The algae scrubber was invented by Dr. Walter Adey, who beginning in the late 1970s, was Director of the Marine Systems Laboratory at the Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution (Washington DC, USA). His research of various types of algae, especially in their ecological role on coral reefs, gave him insight into how the ocean (in particular a reef) "recycles" nutrients. He designed and built various exhibits ranging in size up to 3000 gallons, and modeled different aquatic ecological systems including a tropical coral reef/lagoon which "after 8 years of closure the environment, had its chemical parameters controlled solely by an algal turf scrubber. This system, studied by a multidisciplinary team of biologists, demonstrated calcification growth rates equal to the best 4 percent of wild reefs, and at 543 identified species, and an estimated 800 species, ranked per unit area as the most biodiverse reef ever measured."
In three editions of his book, Dynamic Aquaria, Dr Adey described his work in detail and discussed in scientific principles the physical, chemical, and biological considerations for building a functioning ecological system within an enclosure, from aquarium size, to microcosm (up to 5000 gallons), or mesocosm size (>5000 gallons). In describing the algal turf scrubber he designed, he explained that removing excess nutrients was not its only function. By operating the scrubber at night when the main tank had shifted to a different respiratory phase (plants were now absorbing oxygen rather than producing it) the scrubber maintained oxygen levels and helped buffer pH by preventing high levels of carbon dioxide from building up.
"Recycling" means how the nutrients go from plants to animals, and back to plants again. On land, you see recycling by following the oxygen flow: Green plants use carbon dioxide and release oxygen; animals use this oxygen and release carbon dioxide. In oceans and lakes, the nutrients go from algae to animals, and back to the algae again.
Dr. Adey built several versions of algae scrubbers for aquariums at the Smithsonian. He called them "Algal Turf Scrubbers", because at the time it was believed that "turf" algae was the best type of algae to grow in a scrubber. He also was granted the first U.S. patent for a dumping-bucket algae scrubber, which described a complex dumping device that poured water onto a horizontal surface, thus simulating waves in a reef environment. After several years of development, he participated in a test of a large algae scrubber on the Great Barrier Reef Aquarium: "The Reef Tank represents the first application of algal scrubber technology to large volume aquarium systems. Aquaria using conventional water purification methods (e.g. bacterial filters) generally have nutrient levels in parts per million, while algal scrubbers have maintained parts per billion concentrations lower, despite heavy biological loading in the Reef Tank. The success of the algal scrubbers in maintaining suitable water quality for a coral reef was demonstrated in the observed spawning of scleractinian corals and many other tank inhabitants."
Unfortunately, it was not known at the time (1988) that calcium and alkalinity needed to be added to an enclosed reef tank, in order to replace that which is utilized by the growing calcifying organisms. Even five years after that, the Pittsburgh Zoo was just starting to test a "mesocosm" scrubber reef tank to see if calcium levels would drop: "It was hypothesized that Ca2+ and the substitutive elements Sr2+ and Mg2+ might have reduced concentrations in a coral reef microcosm due to continuous reuse of the same seawater as a consequence of the recycling process inherent in the coral reef mesocosm." [...] "The scleractinians (Montastrea, Madracis, Porites, Diploria, and Acropora) and calcareous alga (Halimeda and others) present in the coral reef mesocosm are the most likely organisms responsible for the significant reduction in concentration of the Ca2+ and Sr2+ cations." [...] "Ca is not normally a biolimiting element, and strontium is never a biolimiting element; HCO3 can be. It appears that, because of a minor limitation in the design parameters of the mesocosm, these elements and compounds may have become limiting factors. [... It is surprising that the organisms could deplete the thousands of gallons of seawater (three to six thousand) of these elements even within two or more years." After other researchers added calcium and/or connected their tanks to the ocean (which also supplies calcium and alkalinity), corals began growing again. Nevertheless, "problem" nutrients (ammonia, ammonium, nitrate, nitrite, phosphate, CO2, metals) were always kept at very low numbers.
Dr. Adey licensed his patent to very few individuals, who for a short number of years sold a limited number of aquarium scrubbers to hobbyists. The complexity of the design, however, and the cost of the license, caused the scrubber units to be very expensive. This, combined with the fact that the units were noisy, splashy, and unreliable (the dumping mechanism would get stuck) caused the sales to be slow. The scrubbers were just starting to make headway into the aquarium hobby in the 1990s when Adey decided to withdraw his license and no longer allow anybody to make or sell them. He turned his attention instead to commercial and industrial applications, and entered private business making large scale scrubber installations for lakes and rivers.
As the internet developed in the 1990s, aquarium and pond hobbyists began discussing nuisance algae problems, and started noticing a trend: Aquariums and ponds with very high amounts of nuisance algae had no detectable nutrients in the water. This at first seemed odd, since the amount of nuisance algae should increase as the nutrients in the water increased. How could there be a very large amount of nuisance algae, but no measurable nutrients in the water to support this? Biologists then began pointing out that when the amount of nuisance algae became large enough, the algae actually consumed all the available nutrients from the water faster than new nutrients were added. Dr. Adey's principles were at work again.
Interest in using algae for nutrient control once again increased, this time in the form of keeping the algae in a "sump" or other small aquarium which was connected to the main aquarium via plumbing. With added lighting and flow, algae would grow in this area, and the algae would consume nutrients from the water just as Dr. Adey's algae scrubber units did. Sumps or other small aquariums used for this purpose became known as "refugiums". The name "refugium" was used because the growing algae provided a safe place for small and microscopic animals to breed and grow, and thus was a "refuge" from the large fish and invertebrates in the main aquarium that would otherwise consume them. However while the refugiums did indeed consume nutrients from the water, they did not consume them fast enough in all situations; this caused many hobbyists to continue to have nuisance algae problems in their main aquariums.
Modern forms.
More recent variations are built with a simple "waterfall" driven by gravity, using a simple PVC plumbing pipe to flow water down a piece of plastic knitting screen (also known as "plastic canvas"), which is roughed up to allow algae to attach. In almost every case, these homemade algae scrubbers reduced the nutrients to very low levels, and this reduced or eliminated all nuisance algae problems.
In addition, "turf" algae, which was the focus of Dr. Adey's dumping-bucket design, is replaced by "green hair algae". This is because turf algae tends to be dark brown and thick (like artificial turf on sports fields), and it blocks the light and water from reaching the screen. This slows the growth (and filtering) of the algae because the bottom layers of algae that are attached to the screen start to die and detach. Green algae, however (especially light-green hair algae), allows light and water to penetrate all the way down to the screen if the growth is kept less than 20 mm thick, which allows the algae to grow faster and absorb more nutrients without dying and losing attachment to the screen. This is fortunate because green hair algae is the exact type of algae that grows automatically in a properly constructed algae scrubber.
Some models also use up-flowing air bubbles. This version, which is basically the exact opposite of the waterfall, allows the algae scrubber to be placed underwater in the aquarium, sump or pond, instead of above it. This greatly simplifies construction, since the device does not need to be waterproof, and it allows placement of the scrubber into tight areas where there is no room above the water line. The design also keeps the algae from drying out in the event of a power failure, because all the algae is under water, and the design also removes almost all splashing. The up-flowing bubble design falls into three categories: those that attach to and shine through the aquarium (or sump) glass; those that float on top of the aquarium, sump or pond water surface; and those that go completely underwater like a submarine.
Cleaning and harvesting.
Generally, and except for specific continuous-filtering or continuous-cultivating versions, algae scrubbers require the algae to be removed ("harvested") periodically from the scrubber. This removal of algae has the effect of removing undesired nutrients from the water because the algae used the nutrients in order to grow. The algae is generally removed either:
For waterfall versions, the screen is removed from the pipe and cleaned in a sink with running water. The pipe is removed also, and the slot is cleaned with a toothbrush, to remove any algae that have grown up into it. After the algae are removed, the screen and pipe are put back in the scrubber. For upflow versions, the cleaning method depends on the type:
Glass-attached version: The magnet portion outside the glass is removed, and the inside portion is lifted out of the water. If the growth is thick green hair algae, then it is just removed by hand. If the growth is thin green hair (as occurs in freshwater) or dark slime, then the inside unit is taken to the sink and cleaned with a toothbrush. After cleaning, the inside and outside parts are put back into place on the glass. 
Floating-surface version: If the growth is thick green hair algae then it is just removed by hand by lifting the LED lid up and pulling the growth out. If the growth is thin green hair or dark slime, then the floating portion is taken to the sink and cleaned with a toothbrush.
Drop-in version: The entire unit is lifted out of the water, and the lid is removed. If the growth is thick green hair algae then it is just removed by hand. If the growth is thin green hair or dark slime, then the whole unit is taken to the sink and cleaned with a toothbrush.
If the screen is not cleaned like this periodically, the algae will get too thick and block light and flow from reaching the "roots" of the algae, and these areas will die and let go, putting nutrients back into the water.

</doc>
<doc id="31215479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215479" title="Joyce Spiliotis">
Joyce Spiliotis

Joyce A. Spiliotis (December 27, 1946 – November 29, 2012) was an American politician.
She was born in Peabody, Massachusetts, and represented the 12th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2003 until her death in 2012 and was a Peabody City Councilor from 1994-2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31215506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215506" title="Bartleby (1972 film)">
Bartleby (1972 film)

Bartleby is a 1972 British drama film directed by Anthony Friedman and starring Paul Scofield, John McEnery and Thorley Walters. It is an adaptation of the short story "Bartleby, the Scrivener; A Story of Wall-street" by Herman Melville.The film relocates the narrative from New York in the 1850s, to London in the 1970s.
Plot.
Bartleby, a young audit clerk, is defeated by the pressures of modern life; he gradually opts out of all forms of social engagement and withdraws into his own world.
Critical reception.
TV Guide wrote "the film is brooding, slow, and annoying at times, but the vision of McEnery as Bartleby is not easily forgotten. Scofield...gives a supremely intelligent portrayal of a man caught between logic and emotion." 

</doc>
<doc id="31215515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215515" title="Federica Valenti">
Federica Valenti

Federica Valenti (born June 29, 1969) is an Italian voice actress who has been featured as the voice of main characters in a number of anime television shows that have aired in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31215517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215517" title="Hugo Schneider AG">
Hugo Schneider AG

Hugo Schneider AG (HASAG) was a small German metal goods manufacturer founded in 1863. Based in Leipzig, it grew from a small business making lamps and other small metal products by hand into a large factory and publicly traded company that sold its wares in several countries around the world. During the First World War, it began making armaments, supplementing the loss of business caused by the war, a decision that ultimately increased the company's profitability. After the war, sales dropped with the loss of military business and HASAG struggled during the 1920s Weimar era. As the Nazi Party grew in influence and eventually came to power, growing militarism led to the company's return to small arms production. The company grew substantially to have numerous factories and thousands of workers and became known during World War II for its heavy use of "zwangsarbeit" (forced labor). It was the third largest user of forced laborers, with armaments factories in Germany and Poland. Though HASAG was dismantled after the war, the trademark remained in use until 1974.
History.
The company was founded in September 1863 as Häckel und Schneider in Paunsdorf, near Leipzig, with 20 employees who made lamps by hand. Hugo Schneider was a 27-year-old Silesian salesman; his partner, Ernst Häckel, was a plumber, who had started the business making lamps, tinware and painted wares in 1854. Over the next few years, the company began making gas lamps, the production of which soon increased with the growing use of gas lighting. Schneider took over his partner's share of the business in 1871 and by 1880, the firm had grown from a simple factory to an industrial plant, with 200 employees. It soon grew to over 300 employees and began exporting not just to other European countries, but also to South America, Asia and Australia. Schneider died on June 1, 1888 and his son, Johnannes Schneider-Dörfel took over the business.
In 1899, with the involvement of "Darmstädter Bank für Handel und Industrie" (known as Darmstädter Bank) and other banks, the firm was established as an "aktiengesellschaft", manufacturing metal goods under the name "Hugo Schneider AG (Hasag)". Schneider's sons retained 63 percent of the company, but bankers now sat on the board controlling the company. A venture involving other banks resulted in the opening of a factory in Warsaw, Poland. In 1902, in addition to lamps, the company began making portable stoves for heating and cooking, bicycle headlights and brass sheeting and wire. The company grew to 1200 employees and the value of the stock increased several times. By 1913, the company was a major producer of all types of petroleum and gas lamps. The outbreak of World War I briefly interrupted the success of the business, as HASAG lost important foreign markets, but this was soon supplanted by the production of small arms. HASAG's 1914 annual report included the news that in September, the company had, after making some adjustments to its operation, succeeded in obtaining large orders for military supplies, which allowed the company to return to "normal sales revenues". In fact, the company's net profit tripled over its previous non-military sales. The company made rounds and other military items in heavy use on the front.
After the war, the company returned to the manufacture of goods it had produced before the war and added production of vacuum flasks to replace the production of shell casings. Sales dropped to pre-war levels. The worldwide economic crisis and the situation in Germany affected HASAG as well, as workers continually found their remuneration to be inadequate. By 1930, HASAG had 1,000 employees and annual sales of 5 million Reichsmarks, but this was a drop from previous levels. In October 1931, the company reported that sales were down nearly 15 percent and the company's value had dropped by nearly 30 percent. The board sought changes in company management and on October 1, 1931, Paul Budin was brought in.
Budin, an SS-Sturmbannführer and Nazi Party member, was appointed manager of HASAG in 1932. One of his deputies was Dr. Georg Mumme, an SA-Sturmführer. As was common in the Nazi armaments industry, nearly all of the deputies and directors were in the SS, the Gestapo or the SA, most notably Wilhelm Renner, father of Hannelore Kohl, who later became the head of the military business and helped develop the Panzerfaust.
In 1934, with Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party in control of the government and a growing militarization in Germany, HASAG undertook intensive negotiations with the Reichswehr and again received contracts for ammunition production, having been classified as a military supplier. Production began in autum 1934. Dresdner Bank and the Allgemeine Deutsche Credit-Anstalt financed the development of the company into an arms manufacturer and the old products became a sideline. In 1935, Budin was promoted to general manager; the main plant in Leipzig was expanded and new factories were built.
The military contracts were very lucrative because they did not have to arrange distribution to a large number of retailers, rather they sold in bulk directly to one customer, the Third Reich. By 1939, HASAG had become one of the biggest arms manufacturers in Germany with 3,700 employees and annual sales of 22 million Reichmarks. Under Renner's leadership, HASAG remained one of the largest arms manufacturers in central Germany till the end of World War II.
Use of forced labor.
Initially, only "elite, especially reliable German workers" were allowed to work in the arms industry, but with the outbreak of World War II in 1939 and many men entering the Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe, workers became harder to find. An agreement was reached between the arms inspector and Friedrich Wilhelm Krüger, the SS-Obergruppenführer of the General Government, allowing Jews to be used as workers.
During the war, HASAG had factories in eight German cities and three Polish ones. Most of the workers were either forced laborers, primarily from eastern Europe, or prisoners from concentration camps. The forced laborers lived under heavy police surveillance in barracks near the factories. In 1942 and 1943, such labor camps were set up near all six of the factories in Poland. Few workers were there voluntarily and most of those were Germans in managerial positions. At the beginning of 1942, HASAG had 13,850 employees. They began bringing in Polish forced laborers in spring 1944 and in 1945, had eight "Außenkommandos", first from Ravensbrück concentration camp and then from Buchenwald, setting up a labor subcamp next to every HASAG factory in Germany. At Birkenau, the mortality rate for an Außenkommando was officially calculated. It was three and a half months. There were 16,581 prisoners in these labor subcamps, including 10,557 women, both Jews and non-Jews and 4025 Jewish men. The main factory in the Schönefeld quarter of Leipzig had 5,288 forced laborers, of whom, 5,067 were women.
HASAG was able to use women to replace male workers because of automation and their machinery, also the company produced small and medium-sized arms. The company preferred to employ and exploit the prisoner labor available from numerous Nazi labor camps and maintained by the SS, and became the third largest user of forced laborers in Germany. HASAG employed more women than men because the SS charged less for women. They worked more quickly than men and were more adaptable; they also had a lower mortality rate.
In 1944, Reichs Minister for Armaments and Munitions Albert Speer gave HASAG special authority to produce the "Hochlauf (high-powered) Panzerfaust", making the company the weapon's sole producer in Germany. This enabled HASAG to expand further. At one labor camp, HASAG Werk Schlieben, also called Schlieben-Berga concentration camp, 1.5 million Panzerfaust "Gretchen" guns per month were filled with explosives. The average life expectancy of a prisoner sent to work there was two months. In the early hours of October 12, 1944, an explosion occurred that killed 96 prison laborers. The cause of the explosion was never determined, whether it was sabotage, accident or a bomb.
With the Soviet offensive in 1945, the situation in Poland became more dangerous for HASAG's factories. Operations were moved to Germany, establishing a number of smaller operations in different towns around Leipzig with good rail and road connections to the main factory in Leipzig. Labor camps were set up in Colditz, Delitzsch, Flößberg (in Frohburg), Grimma, Golzern and Borsdorf. Exact figures for the number of prison laborers are unknown, however, there were at least 718 prisoners, primarily Hungarian and Polish Jews at the labor camp in Colditz. The factory in Flößberg had at least 1902 prisoners from Buchenwald and probably from Groß-Rosen concentration camp, as well. As at Colditz, Flößberg's slave laborers were primarily Hungarian and Polish Jews, but one-quarter to one-fifth were political prisoners from various countries in Europe.
In 1945, thousands of prisoners were taken out of HASAG factories in a death march. In April 1945, with the Allies nearing the city, Budin blew up the company's main building and office building in Leipzig. He is assumed to have blown up his family and himself along with them. The company's files were never found and are assumed to have been burned.
Life at a HASAG factory labor camp.
Charles Kotkowsky, a Flößberg labor camp survivor, recalled his arrival there on December 28, 1944. His group was brought in to build an arms factory in the forest. They had to clear the woods and lay railway tracks. The conditions were deplorable. Aside from the gnawing hunger, there were no sanitary facilities or running water for the prisoners, so they could not wash themselves or their clothing and it rained often, making the camp very muddy. Many inmates used their morning "ersatz coffee" to wash themselves; since it tasted so bad, it wasn't worth drinking anyway. Following their breakfast of thin coffee, prisoners were forced to perform 12 hours of physically hard labor under the supervision of capricious guards, who vengefully beat them with sticks and screamed at them. Finally, in the evening, came a bowl of thin soup with a small piece of bread. Kotkowsky called the hunger "incomprehensible" and said food was so sparingly distributed, even a kapo (concentration camp) was found stealing bread. They slept in cold wooden barracks with straw mattresses or just on bare wood during a winter that was exceptionally cold. Another survivor, Stephen Casey (born István Katona), said that there were bodies lying in the mud everywhere around the camp, sometimes lying for days right where they fell.
Conditions were so bad at Flößberg, that the commandant told the SS to make some improvements, not because of concern for the prisoners' welfare, but because missile production and therefore, the war effort, would be negatively affected. One of Kotkowsky's friends found the conditions so unbearable, he took the opportunity to be returned to Buchenwald with a transport of prisoners too sick to work, betting his chances of survival against the odds.
One night, after the factory had been built and gunpowder brought in to begin making weapons, British bombers destroyed the factory in a fifteen-minute bombing raid, after which, it rained, filling bomb craters with muddy water. No barracks were hit, which infuriated the SS, who took it out on the prisoners. A few days later, a transport arrived with Hungarian prisoners, who died soon after from the cold, the starvation and the beatings. Kotkowsky said that "prisoners were always disappearing" and more would simply be brought from other slave labor camps. Within Leipzig and the surrounding towns, more people died at Flößberg than at any other Nazi concentration camp or as a result of Nazi ideology.
In March, the SS decided to give the camp and the prisoners a "spring cleaning".
With Allied forces nearing and more and more German troops seen in retreat, the SS evacuated Flößberg labor camp on April 13, 1945. They were packed into cattle cars without food and taken on a circuitous route through Czechoslovakia to Mauthausen concentration camp, where they arrived about two weeks later. Many prisoners died along the way. American forces arrived in the village of Flößberg on April 14, 1945.
Postwar years.
After the war, the main factory in Leipzig began to produce cooking pots, milk canisters, lamps and other items until 1947, when the machinery and equipment was dismantled and seized by the Soviet occupation force as war reparations. Most of the buildings were demolished.
After 1949, HASAG's civilian patents were used by Volkseigener Betrieben, the publicly owned industrial enterprises in the former German Democratic Republic (East Germany). The company MEWA (VEB Metallwaren Leipzig) produced a high-powered lantern according to a HASAG design. The VEB Leuchtenbau Leipzig owned the trademarked name "HASAG", and extended it in 1963. The brand was discontinued in 1974.
Legacy.
The former HASAG Werk Schlieben, also called Schlieben-Berga concentration camp, has an organization devoted to protecting its memory. Tours of the one-time labor camp are given and a number of former prisoners have returned for a visit, even from abroad. There is a memorial plaque at the site and there are plans for a monument.
A new memorial for the 72 Polish and Hungarian Jews who perished at the HASAG Colditz labor camp was unveiled at the Colditz cemetery on March 30, 2007. An earlier memorial to the "Victims of Fascism" was unveiled in 1948 and renovated in 1975, when a red triangle was added to commemorate the political prisoners who died. In 1995, two plaques were added to include honor the memory of forced laborers and prisoners of war, as well. In unveiling the new memorial, the mayor of Colditz, Manfred Heinz, said that each generation must always remind the next of the past, that such events are never repeated. He also said that the memorial was not to be seen as just a reminder of the forced laborers of the past, rather as a rejection of extremism, as well.
The Flößberg labor camp was razed after the war. Today, there is a gate marking the spot, though a local group is trying to raise money to erect a more extensive memorial. There is a prisoner cemetery with 38 prisoner graves on the grounds of the former camp, which the state of Saxony regional administration in Chemnitz had suggested should be moved to Borna. The proposal was opposed by Jewish and other groups and the regional administration backed off in November 2010. Now there are plans to fix up the graveyard and improve other parts of the site.
HASAG factories, 1942-1945.
The precise number of people forced to work at HASAG factories is unclear because many records were destroyed in the war. The numbers below represent a tally of those known to have worked or perished at the factories below and represent a minimum.

</doc>
<doc id="31215531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215531" title="Seymour Egerton, 4th Earl of Wilton">
Seymour Egerton, 4th Earl of Wilton

Seymour John Grey "Sim" Egerton, 4th Earl of Wilton (20 January 1839 – 3 January 1898) was a peer of the United Kingdom. He was the owner and namesake of the Lord Wilton violin. A musician, he was an associate of Arthur Sullivan, of Gilbert and Sullivan. His wife Laura Caroline (1842–1916), daughter of William Russell and Emma Campbell, was a noted beauty in the contemporary society scene. They married on 9 August 1862 and had two children, Arthur George Egerton, 5th Earl of Wilton (1863–1915), and Elizabeth Emma Geraldine Egerton (1865–1953). After his death, in 1899, his wife married Sir Frederick John William Johnstone.
His elder brother was Arthur Egerton, 3rd Earl of Wilton. His father was Thomas Egerton, 2nd Earl of Wilton (1799–1882) and his mother was Lady Mary Margaret Stanley, daughter of Edward Smith-Stanley, 12th Earl of Derby. His paternal grandfather was Robert Grosvenor, 1st Marquess of Westminster.

</doc>
<doc id="31215532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215532" title="Matti Ritola">
Matti Ritola

Matti Ritola (1 January 1902, Haapavesi – 4 May 1967) was a Finnish cross-country skier. He was born in Haapavesi. He participated at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix, where he placed 11th in 18 km.

</doc>
<doc id="31215557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215557" title="Bartleby (1976 film)">
Bartleby (1976 film)

Bartleby is a 1976 French drama film directed by Maurice Ronet and starring Michael Lonsdale, Maxence Mailfort and Maurice Biraud. It is an adaptation of the short story "Bartleby" by Herman Melville.
Plot.
Bartleby is a loner who gets hired as a clerk when a lawyer is deperate to find a reliable assistant. Unfortunately Bartleby isn't happy with his work. He falls into passivity and depression. When the law office moves, Bartleby prefers to stay in the abandoned rooms. People get fascinated his strange behaviour.

</doc>
<doc id="31215576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215576" title="2011 Armenian protests">
2011 Armenian protests

The 2011 Armenian protests were a series of civil demonstrations aimed at provoking political reforms and concessions from both the government of Armenia and the civic government of Yerevan, its capital and largest city. Protesters demanded President Serzh Sargsyan release political prisoners, prosecute those responsible for the deaths of opposition activists after the 2008 presidential election and institute democratic and socioeconomic reforms, including the right to organise in Freedom Square in downtown Yerevan. They also protested against Yerevan Mayor Karen Karapetyan for banning the opposition from Freedom Square and barring vendors and traders from the city streets. The opposition bloc Armenian National Congress, which has played a major role in organising and leading the demonstrations, had also called for a snap election and the resignation of the government.
The government granted several concessions to the protesters, including agreeing to the opposition's terms for an inquiry into the 2008 protest deaths, granting them a permit to rally in Freedom Square, and releasing several imprisoned opposition activists.
Timeline of protests.
Street vendor protests.
Street vendors in Yerevan, angry over Mayor Karapetyan's decision on 13 January to start enforcing a strict ban on street trading, protested outside the municipal offices of the capital city on 19 January. City officials insisted the ban was necessary for public health and safety, but demonstrators shouted slogans criticizing Karapetyan, a Republican Party of Armenia official elected by the municipal assembly in December 2010 to finish out an incomplete term, and complaining that the municipality's ban has prevented many of them from making enough money to pay for food and shelter for themselves and their families. Some protesters, many of whose signs emphasized their peaceful intentions, called upon Karapetyan to either meet with them or resign. The protests in front of the municipal offices soon became a daily phenomenon stretching into February.
Political protests.
With minor protests in Yerevan continuing and a revolutionary wave spreading throughout North Africa and Western Asia, opposition politicians like Stepan Safaryan of the Heritage party and former President Levon Ter-Petrosyan, who was defeated by now-President Sargsyan in the disputed 2008 election, of the Armenian National Congress (HAK) suggested in early February that political upheaval could come to Armenia. Ter-Petrosyan called for an opposition rally in Yerevan's Freedom Square on 18 February not just to protest the Karapetyan administration, but to protest the government of President Serzh Sargsyan. The government responded by saying Liberty Square would be off-limits due to "sports and cultural events". The HAK said it planned to rally in the square regardless of whether the city government and the national government allowed it to do so. Political analysts said national opposition leaders like Ter-Petrosyan were harnessing an existing wave of unrest inspired by the Tunisian Revolution and protests in Egypt and evident in such events as the ongoing street vendor protests, with some predicting that the conditions were right for major protests to gain traction.
18 February.
On 18 February, the Armenian National Congress held a major protest drawing between 5,000 and 10,000 in the city center of Yerevan. The protesters, including Ter-Petrosyan, complained of low wages, unemployment, inflation, corruption, and a falling quality of living. Speakers at the rally also invoked the specter of the Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions, and Ter-Petrosyan compared the Sargsyan administration to those fallen regimes. "The plight of our people is no better than the plight of the peoples of those countries, and Armenia's regime is no less dictatorial and hated than the regimes in those countries," the former president said. He urged the government to resign and called for an uprising similar to those seen in Arab countries near Armenia. Ter-Petrosyan also called on street vendors and others already organizing in protest of government policies to "politicize" their rallies and join with the national opposition in calling for sweeping changes.
1 March.
The Armenian National Congress organized another rally in Yerevan on 1 March. According to estimates of the opposition, the rally was attended by over 50,000 citizens. The rally marked the third anniversary of post-election violence after Sargsyan's disputed victory in 2008, when 10 protesters were killed. Protesters again demanded early elections and called for Sargsyan to resign. Ter-Petrosyan spoke at the rally, calling the government a "bandit regime seized power through falsified parliamentary and presidential elections and the bloody crime committed on 1 March 2008" and reiterating the demands aired at the 18 February protest. He also publicly called for the ban on street trading to be lifted and demanded economic reforms, including a higher minimum wage and unemployment benefits.
3 March.
About 50 street vendors backed by members of both the opposition party Heritage and the Armenian National Congress, including members of parliament, gathered outside a government building in Yerevan. Police moved to disperse them, resulting in a number of clashes. One HAK activist was arrested and one of the Heritage MPs was hospitalized with injuries. In defiance of a statement from Prime Minister Tigran Sargsyan promising an internal investigation into the allegations of police brutality, the police publicly blamed the MPs for inciting violence. The incident prompted renewed comparisons of the Karapetyan and Sargsyan administrations' policies to pre-revolutionary Tunisia by some analysts and opposition parliamentarians.
15 March – "Fast for Freedom".
Armenian Minister of Parliament and Former Foreign Minister Raffi Hovannisian, a leader of Heritage, began a hunger strike in Freedom Square on 15 March to protest the government and advocate for snap elections.
17 March.
On 17 March, protesters continued to demand the resignations of the government, many members of which were elected in the disputed elections, in the evening at Freedom Square citing a will to replicate the Arab world protests. Ter-Petrosyan, again a featured speaker at the rally, said that the demonstrations were "peaceful" in intent. As many as 20,000 Armenians attended the rally, though the government said 9,000 attended and organizers claimed a turnout of 100,000. Hovannisian, now on the second day of his hunger strike, was present in Freedom Square with his supporters but was sidelined by Ter-Petrosyan and other Armenian National Congress leaders, straining relations between Heritage and the HAK.
Before the rally, opposition activist Samson Khachatrian was arrested after two plainclothes police officers alleged he assaulted them at the 1 March rally, a move one HAK leader called "a provocation". Khachatrian was later convicted of the assault, spurring mass outcry from the opposition.
30 March.
In a ceremony at Freedom Square, Hovannisian ended his public hunger strike by eating a hunk of bread symbolically blessed by an Armenian Orthodox priest. He said health concerns, including warnings from his doctor, as well as the arrival of his daughter's 18th birthday prompted him to call off the 15-day hunger strike, but he claimed the strike had affected "the public consciousness" even if it had not moved authorities to change their "consciousness and policies". Hovannisian also acknowledged cracks in the opposition to Sargsyan and the government, but he did not specifically acknowledge the simmering dispute between Heritage and the Armenian National Congress. A Republican Party of Armenia MP criticized the hunger strike, saying it was not the best means of enacting change.
2–4 April.
Several female intellectuals, including a Heritage MP, held a sit-in each day in Freedom Square starting on 2 April as a "logical continuation" of Hovannisian's protest action the month before. During the sit-in, attended by a handful of women each day, protesters sat silently for five hours before departing the square. Some critics within the opposition decried the sit-in as a gimmick, with one calling it a "waste of time".
8 April.
On 8 April, Ter-Petrosyan gave a 35-minute speech in Yerevan. The rally, organized by the Armenian National Congress, drew 12,000 attendees to Freedom Square in the city center in violation of an official ban. Despite the ban by the Yerevan city council, police ultimately stood aside in the face of the crowd and permitted the gathering. Ter-Petrosyan said that the Sargsyan administration must fulfill three demands by 28 April: promising an "objective inquiry" into post-election violence in 2008, giving the HAK the permanent legal right to demonstrate in Yerevan's Freedom Square, and securing the release of political prisoners. The former president also warned the opposition would "drastically change" its methods of resistance unless its demands were met.
At a press conference several days after the rally, Armenian National Congress official Levon Zurabian warned that the opposition saw the political situation as "a war, a real war". Zurabian added, "And if we want to achieve something in that war, we must and we will get ready for war." He suggested that mass striking, sit-ins, large-scale marches, and other acts of civil disobedience could be the next step for the opposition. Zurabian also claimed that, contrary to suggestions from leaders in allied parties that the opposition is ready to negotiate a deal that keeps the Sargsyan administration in power, the goal of the HAK remains forcing Sargsyan to resign and a snap election to be held.
28 April.
Two days before the planned rally in Freedom Square on 28 April, the municipality of Yerevan reversed its earlier decision not to grant permits to HAK to gather in the square. The mayor's office agreed to a planned route that included a demonstration in Freedom Square, issuing a permit for the first time in over two years for the gathering. The government also said the ban on demonstrations in the square would be lifted from 28 April forward.
Reuters reported a turnout of about 5,000 at the rally. Ter-Petrosyan referred to the government's announcement of concessions on access to Freedom Square and the investigation into the 2008 post-election violence and told the crowd, "If the door to dialogue is not yet open, it is half open." For the first time since protests began in January and February, he suggested that the grievances of demonstrators could be addressed through negotiation rather than regime change. Ter-Petrosyan also called on President Sargsyan to release jailed political dissidents and activists in time for the next planned rally on 31 May.
A significant number of protesters reportedly did not take part in a march through Yerevan following Ter-Petrosyan's speech, with some continuing to occupy the square afterward rather than leave, and the former president elicited some boos, whistles, and jeers when he expressed confidence that the government would release all political prisoners within weeks. Although HAK official Levon Zurabian said the party remains intent on forcing snap elections, Ter-Petrosyan did not mention the resignation of the government or new elections once throughout the speech.
21 May.
Raffi Hovannisian, the leader of Heritage, held an assembly in the Government Hall of Sessions in Yerevan reportedly attended by hundreds of citizens, including several fellow political figures and famous activists. Three panel discussions comprised the bulk of the town hall meeting, with topics of human rights, civics, and solutions to political differences featured respectively. Hovannisian set 4 June as the next date for an assembly, to be held in the more public setting of Freedom Square.
31 May.
Despite the general amnesty for jailed anti-government activists issued days before, the HAK held a major rally as scheduled in Freedom Square. The Armenian Police estimated a turnout of about 6,000, though the opposition disputed the figure and said it was much higher. HAK political leaders, including former Prime Minister Aram Sargsyan, former President Levon Ter-Petrosyan, and recently released ex-MP Sasun Mikaelyan, said the government was finally showing a willingness to engage with the opposition and meet its demands, as evidenced by the amnesty, and complimented protesters on their achievement in putting pressure on the government to fulfill the HAK's three preconditions for dialogue. However, Ter-Petrosyan, People's Party of Armenia head Stepan Demirchyan, and amnestied editor Nikol Pashinyan, among others, reiterated the HAK's calls for snap elections, criticizing the current government as the "result of rigged elections". Ter-Petrosyan also said that in the coming days, opposition leaders would be meeting with the government to present its proposal for a transition toward new elections, though he cautioned that the government would likely have different ideas and present its own agenda. Demirchyan took a less conciliatory tone, saying, "If the authorities fail to go for snap elections, we must force them." A Heritage MP also demanded the immediate release of her brother, whom she said should have been freed under both recent changes to the Armenian criminal code and the recent amnesty, which purportedly covers him. The rally reportedly concluded with a march around downtown Yerevan, a promise by HAK officials that another rally would be held in June, and mass chants of "Levon for President!"
30 June.
At a rally police said was attended by 4,000 demonstrators, HAK luminaries including Pashinyan, Zurabian, and Ter-Petrosyan criticised the Armenian government. Pashinyan called President Sargsian's statement on 22 June in which he said Azerbaijan was better prepared for a war over Nagorno-Karabakh than Armenia "one of the most disgraceful...in the diplomatic history of the Third Republic of Armenia," claiming it strengthened Azerbaijan's posture in the ongoing dispute. Zurabian warned that if the government did not engage with the HAK directly in "a short time," people would gather in the streets for mass protests. He said the government knew that "the only way to avoid a revolution or a social riot is agree to negotiations." Ter-Petrosyan said that unless the government agreed to the opposition's demands, including setting snap elections, by the next scheduled rally on 1 August, the HAK would return to the rhetoric of calling for Sargsian's immediate resignation. The tone of the rally suggested that the détente evident in the spirit of the previous two HAK mass gatherings had decidedly cooled.
30 September.
At a rally on 30 September, HAK decided to start a "non-stop rally", which was demanded by the protesters.
Composition.
The most prominent demonstrations in the pre–18 February period of the 2011 protests were held by street vendors. The Armenian National Congress sought to capitalize on the wave of rising dissent, fueled by successful uprisings against regimes in Tunisia and Egypt. As such, the HAK emerged as the leading voice in protests, with its leader Levon Ter-Petrosyan addressing all major rallies in Yerevan from 18 February onward. The HAK strongly encouraged merchants and others disillusioned with the government's policies to join them, and Ter-Petrosyan has aligned his party's goals with those of the street vendors who began the initial protests.
However, the HAK has not been the only voice of criticism against the government. Heritage, one of only two opposition parties with seats in the National Assembly, has also been active in galvanizing protest, though its demonstrations have been on a smaller scale and have largely come in the form of civil disobedience actions, such as hunger strikes and sit-ins, and public conferences. On 26 April, leader Raffi Hovannisian released a statement demanding that the government convene a constitutional convention, grant the International Criminal Court jurisdiction over Armenia, and officially recognize the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. He said his supporters numbered in the "tens of thousands".
Another opposition group that emerged in late April, though it has not had any major role in organizing demonstrations, is the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (HHD), or "Dashnaktsutyun", the other opposition party with a parliamentary presence. On 28 April, Dashnak leader Armen Rustamian criticized both Ter-Petrosyan and President Serzh Sargsyan, saying neither the HAK nor the Republican Party of Armenia (HHK) represent the interests of Armenians and that Ter-Petrosyan's role in fomenting dissent is self-serving. Rustamian has called for "radical" change, suggesting that any compromise between the HAK and the HHK will not "lead to a meaningful improvement of the existing situation". The Dashnaks have reportedly urged Sargsyan, whom their party supported as a coalition partner until 2009, to dismiss the government and hold snap elections. Both HHD and Heritage have adopted a hard line on Nagorno-Karabakh, jointly insisting in late June that the government not accept the terms laid out at a meeting in Kazan, Russia, and warning of massive street protests if Sargsian compromised on the breakaway republic's status.
Role of social networking.
The social networking website Facebook served as an early vehicle for organizing action against the government. Activists set up a new website called Revoforum, shorthand for "Revolutionary Forum", on 2 April as a discussion board for the political situation in Armenia. Complaints over high cost of living and inflation have reportedly driven historically apolitical but Internet-savvy young Armenians to organize online, and some have used sites like Facebook, Revoforum, and Twitter to get involved with street protests as well.
Response.
Police officials have accused opposition members of subverting peaceful protests, as in the case of the small 3 March protest that turned into a scuffle between protesters and law enforcement. A police statement claimed activists agitating for political reforms tried to "provoke fighting between citizens and the police" and defended the police response, which injured at least one protester.
One government MP said the protest ban on Freedom Square was for activists' sake, suggesting that violence could erupt if demonstrators were permitted to gather in the square. He also said President Sargsyan is not a dictator and is "not Gaddafi", a reference to Libyan leader Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi, who has faced a sustained uprising against his rule since February. Another HHK official said the government would not make any concessions as long as the opposition continues to make demands.
On 31 March, in response to ongoing discontent from vendors petitioning for the re-legalization of street trading, the deputy mayor of Yerevan said of the crackdown, "These actions aimed at enforcing the law are resolute and final." He brushed aside the anger of protesters attending a parliamentary hearing on the matter, saying that the municipality already provides for trading in approved markets as a reasonable alternative to vending on the street.
On 12 April, the office of Yerevan Mayor Karen Karapetyan reaffirmed its protest ban on Freedom Square, a ban the opposition signaled it would continue to ignore. At a press conference, Karapetyan defended the ban, saying, "There are places in all countries of the world where no demonstrations are allowed to be held." The mayor said he did not view the ban as a violation of the opposition's freedom of speech.
President Sargsian expressed frustration in a 12 July interview over repeated questions as to the legitimacy of the elections that brought him and many of his parliamentary allies to power. He complained of a lack of civility in Armenian politics and said that just because Ter-Petrosyan and his backers did not congratulate him on his victory or formally concede the election, that did not mean the results were illegitimate. Sargsian has vowed that parliamentary elections scheduled for 2012 will be democratic in keeping with the standards of the Council of Europe.
Concessions.
In April, the National Assembly finally passed a bill, which had been under debate for six months, expanding rights to free assembly. The new law gives people the legal right to gather peacefully, as demonstrators have done in Yerevan since January.
Armenian police chief Alik Sargsian said on 14 April that he would take a tougher approach to abuses and corruption in the ranks of the republic's law enforcement. "Let people understand that impunity is now unacceptable in the police," Alik Sargsian said. He did not specify whether he would focus on punishing police over alleged abuses of detainees and suspects.
On 19 April, Samson Khachatrian, the opposition activist convicted of assaulting police during the 1 March 2011 protest, was released after demands from opposition leaders that he be set free.
The Sargsyan administration vowed on 20 April to give greater priority to investigating allegations of violence against opposition supporters on 1 March 2008, a key demand of the protesters. "I expect new impetus and sharply intensified efforts to investigate the events," said Sargsyan at a conference open to press. Sargsyan also promised new reforms to make the Armenian justice system more effective and efficient. On 21 April, the government's chief investigator said, "The examination of the March 1 events will be reviewed entirely." He promised investigators would seek new evidence, review existing evidence, and reconsider its findings. Deputy Speaker Samvel Nikoyan, a parliamentary ally of Sargsyan, said he believed the concessions would prompt Ter-Petrosyan and other major critics in the opposition to consider that "language of ultimatum is not expedient while addressing the authorities". Nikoyan said he expects the opposition will join in "civilized dialogue" with the government as a result of the promised reexamination of the case. A HAK official agreed that one of the opposition's demands had been met, but said two other demands—presumably the release of political prisoners and access to Freedom Square, which Ter-Petrosyan also mentioned on 8 April—are outstanding and suggested he would not be fully satisfied by the promise of renewed investigation into the 1 March 2008 violence until the results were made public.
Karapetyan fulfilled another of Ter-Petrosyan's demands, at least in the short term, by granting a permit on 26 April for the planned 28 April HAK demonstration in Freedom Square. On 27 April, Sargsyan expressed hope for a peaceful dialogue between the government and the opposition going forward, with Freedom Square as a forum for "alternative ideas". He said his administration was willing to make the "first steps" in the hope of achieving compromise and "cooperation".
On 26 May, the National Assembly passed a wide-reaching amnesty plan for hundreds of prisoners, including six opposition activists detained since 2008, thus fulfilling the HAK's third and final precondition for dialogue with the government. Levon Zurabian said the opposition party will enter into negotiations with the Republican Party of Armenia for early elections to be held, as the HAK continues to dispute the legitimacy of the elections that brought Sargsyan and many government parliamentarians to power. Two jailed activists were released the next day, with more purportedly to follow.
The government offered another major concession on 9 July, with a spokesman for Sargsian saying the HHK and its two junior coalition partners, Prosperous Armenia (BHK) and Rule of Law (OEK), had agreed to form an "ad hoc" group to hold negotiations with the HAK. Several senior party officials and lawmakers were appointed to this group, which is intended to meet with a similar HAK delegation to discuss a solution to the standoff over Armenia's governance.
In December, Caucasus Institute director Alexander Iskandaryan named the dialogue between the opposition and the government prompted by the protests as one of the most significant developments of 2011, saying it "altered the political reality in Armenia".

</doc>
<doc id="31215580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215580" title="2011 Azerbaijani protests">
2011 Azerbaijani protests

The 2011 Azerbaijani protests are an ongoing series of demonstrations being held to protest the government of President Ilham Aliyev. Common themes espoused by demonstrators, many of whom are affiliated with Müsavat and the Popular Front Party, the main opposition parties in Azerbaijan, include doubts as to the legitimacy of the 2008 presidential election, desire for the release of political prisoners, calls for democratic reforms, and demands that Aliyev and his government resign from power. Azerbaijani authorities have responded with a security crackdown, dispersing protests and curtailing attempts to gather with force and numerous arrests.
The European Union, the United States Department of State, Amnesty International, and other organizations have called on the government to release political prisoners and allow for free assembly. Meanwhile, Azerbaijani Prosecutor General Zakir Qaralov has vowed to "suppress" protests, comparing them to incidents in "other countries" and saying that the government will not allow them to go forward.
Background.
On 29 January, more than 100 activists and politicians not affiliated with the Azerbaijani government gathered in Baku to urge President Ilham Aliyev to dismiss the government and call snap elections. Several critics compared Aliyev to then-President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and warned that Azerbaijan could face popular protests as part of a regional wave of civil unrest, though leaders of the Azerbaijani Popular Front Party and Müsavat stopped short of threatening to lead them personally.
Around the same time, 20-year-old web activist and APFP supporter Jabbar Savalan gained prominence for posting increasingly provocative invective against the government on Facebook and other social networking websites, eventually calling in early February for a "Day of Rage" modeled off the protests in Egypt, with major protests to be held in downtown Baku. Authorities reacted by arresting Savalanly in Sumqayit on 5 February and charging him with marijuana possession, a charge his supporters claimed was fabricated. Opposition groups called on authorities to release the young activist and compared his detention to the suppression of dissidents in Egypt and other countries, but police insisted the arrest was not political.
On 6 February, an unsanctioned protest was held at the Egypt–Azerbaijan Friendship Park outside Baku, in the suburb of Xırdalan. Several dozen rally-goers, mostly young men and women, waved signs and chanted slogans calling for Egyptian President Mubarak to step down, but also voiced dissent against several recently adopted Azerbaijani government policies, including price increases for services. Police dispersed the gathering within minutes, making no arrests.
Political protests.
March.
Youth activists Elnur Majidli, Bakhtiyar Hajiyev, and others called on Facebook for mass protests on 11 March 2011 to mark the one-month anniversary of both Hosni Mubarak's resignation and the detention of Savalanly on what they called are trumped-up charges. In response, the government reportedly dispatched military forces to Baku to bolster security in the former Soviet republic's capital.
Members of the opposition in the National Assembly indicated support for the demonstrators, demanded the release of political prisoners, and called on the cabinet, led by former Communist Party member Prime Minister Artur Rasizade, to resign over its failure to institute reforms. The government claimed the demonstrations were organized by the parliamentary opposition under the guise of grassroots activism, but activists denied this, citing criticism from politically like-minded allies in the National Assembly over the date of the planned protests as an example of where they differ from the opposition parties.
11 March – "The Great People's Day".
On 11 March, police foiled several attempted protests, arresting at least 43. "The New York Times" reported that about 60 people gathered in Baku, the capital city, in response to the scheduled event on Facebook, but security forces quickly clamped down, preventing the demonstration from gaining much steam.
12 March.
A larger protest in Baku, the capital city, drew several hundred people on 12 March, "The New York Times" reported. The protest was led by Müsavat, in contrast to the smaller youth-led demonstrations of the previous day. Once again, however, police were prepared for the rally and began arresting people on the spot, including at least one person for speaking to a Western journalist, though media reported they had a more difficult time subduing the larger, better-prepared protest than they had on 11 March. About 50 people were arrested on this second day of protests. Although most of the protesters appeared to be supporters of the secular, relatively pro-Western Müsavat and similar parties, a number of young protesters representing the Islamist opposition began chanting "Allahu Akbar", reportedly angering police on the scene.
At least 30 people arrested in connection with the protests were sentenced to time in prison, the United States Department of State reported. Müsavat demanded that President Ilham Aliyev step down over the incident. The Azerbaijani Human Rights House and the European Union, among others, criticised Aliyev's government and called on authorities to allow people to demonstrate peacefully.
Other incidents.
Reuters reported that at least 150 activists were arrested in Azerbaijan during March, including those detained 11–12 March.
April.
Opposition groups signaled their intention to hold additional protests in April in spite of warnings from authorities not to do so. Officials in Baku pushed government opponents to rally only in a designated part of Bebiheybat, outside the city center of Baku, but the opposition refused any deal by which protesters would not march in downtown Baku. Opposition leader Ali Karimli of the Azerbaijani Popular Front Party said that while activists intended to demonstrate peacefully, "In case of a provocation, however, we will not be responsible."
2 April – "Day of Wrath".
Another protest was held on 2 April at Fountain Square in Baku's city center, with between 350 and 1,000 demonstrators in attendance. The APFP and Müsavat called the demonstration a "Day of Wrath" and led the rally downtown instead of holding it in a government-approved stadium on the outskirts of the city. Police arrested well over 200 demonstrators, detaining at least two Azerbaijani journalists covering the protest as well. Isa Gambar, the leader of Müsavat, responded to the crackdown and the government's charging of four opposition leaders with "organizing mass unrest" by vowing to intensify protests. On 10 October, four of the arrested activists were given sentences from 18 months to three years in prison.
17 April.
Police again dispersed an attempted demonstration in Baku's Fountain Square on 17 April, arresting activists chanting pro-democracy slogans, including a mother and her young daughter, and briefly detaining two or three Swedish journalists. The Swedes were later deported. One woman reportedly warned police as they arrested her, "Don't think you'll be able to keep your government. A 30-year-old government collapsed in Egypt." Officials said they detained 65 people in total. While the government again attempted to confine demonstrations to a small area on the outskirts of Baku, Gambar and other opposition leaders have vowed to continue holding protests in the city center in defiance of the law, as its requests to be allowed to gather in front of the Narimanov Cinema downtown were denied and the organizers rejected alternative settings proffered by the city council. The crackdown came in defiance of an appeal from human rights watchdog Amnesty International to allow peaceful protests to go forward.
20 April.
To commemorate the four-year anniversary of Azerbaijani journalist Eynulla Fatullayev, 20 journalists held a one-day hunger strike to protest what they view as his unjust imprisonment. "We want to demonstrate our complaints against the arrest of Eynulla Fatullayev striking," said editor Aynur Elganesh.
May.
Though action by the political opposition was subdued throughout the first half of the month, unrest continued in the capital of Baku.
6 May.
Police swiftly dispersed a protest on 6 May in Baku. Protesters called on the government to allow Muslim girls to wear the hijab in school. Several dozen were arrested, and police reportedly used batons and pepper spray to subdue some of the demonstrators.
22 May.
Youth activists rallied on Baku Boulevard to call for the release of "political prisoners", fellow activists imprisoned on what they believe are trumped-up charges. Four activists and a journalist covering the event were arrested, though the journalist was released later that same evening. The activists were sentenced to between seven and eight days of jail time each.
June.
19 June.
Police arrested "23 of about 80 protesters" affiliated with the opposition Public Chamber in Baku in front of the Narimanov Cinema, a frequent site of attempted rallies against the government during the protests of 2011. Interior Minister Ehsan Zahidov insisted that the protesters, by gathering in front of the cinema instead of at the Bibi Heybat settlement on the outskirts of the city, were "violating the constitutional rights of citizens" and added, "If the Public Chamber rally set for 19 June sanctioned by the Baku Mayor's Office and staged in a venue allotted by it, the police would provide security of rally participants." Police were present in the square an hour before protesters arrived, successfully thwarting the rally.
November.
Around 30—35 opposition youth activists organised a protest in front of Baku's City Hall on 15 November chanting "Freedom!" but were soon violently confronted by police forces. The arrested activists were released within the next hours.
Hijab protests.
Hijab protests in Azerbaijan is a consequence of recently changes specially in formal and social aspects of Azerbaijan. The hijab ban in schools and arresting of social activists can be mentioned as these changes. The government of Azerbaijan arrested a few Leaders of Opposition and this caused a new round of protests and rallies inside the country. these parties include the Popular front of Azerbaijan, the Musavat Party, and the Islamic party. Leaders of these parties face long prison terms. Movsum Samadov, leader of the Islamic Party of Azerbaijan, has been charged with preparing an act of terror. Several Demonstrations and Rallies took place in Different cities of Azerbaijan Due to Islam-Fighting Policy of Azerbaijan's Government.
Thousands of Azeri Muslims have held demonstrations to protest the new policy.
Main dates of these protest include: 11 March, 2 April, 6 and 19 May and 10 December 2011.
Tactics.
Protesters have used social networking sites such as Facebook to spread information about rallies, including when and where to meet. However, BBC News has noted that as many as 80 percent of Azerbaijanis do not use the Internet, which has perhaps contributed to relatively low turnout compared to protests in neighboring Armenia and Iran, among other places. A BBC analyst also remarked upon a strategy seen at the unsuccessful 17 April rally in Fountain Square, with demonstrators slowly gathering while at least initially trying to appear unorganized, very similar to a smart mob.
Domestic response.
The government has striven to keep rallies from gathering much strength, dispersing the initial youth-led protests on 11 March in some cases before they could even start. To accomplish this, authorities have ordered security forces to the scene of planned demonstrations, taking a proactive approach rather than reacting once protests actually break out. Police have generally not hesitated to detain and arrest anyone they judge to be a possible agitator, including Azerbaijanis seen talking to journalists, and on at least two occasions, they have detained journalists themselves.
Authorities have cited the relatively small scale of protests as proof that the Azerbaijani public supports the government and does not approve of the opposition parties. They frequently use the descriptor "radical" to characterize protesters and opposition leaders.
Government officials, including Prosecutor General Zakir Qaralov, have also accused opposition leaders like Ali Karimli and Isa Gambar of being agents of foreign governments. In response, Karimli said after being interrogated for over eight hours on 16 April, "Speaking about who we are working for, there is only one address: the people of Azerbaijan." While the government has attempted to publicly discredit the main opposition leaders, and both Karimli and Gambar have been summoned for questioning, neither has yet been arrested.
Other activists have been charged with such crimes as "inciting hatred". The government has warned the France-based blogger who first called for the 11 March protests on Facebook that he will be prosecuted and could face up to 12 years in prison if he returns to Azerbaijan. His family has reportedly also faced consequences, with his father and cousins briefly being detained and the government allegedly pressuring his parents' employers to fire them from their jobs.
On 25 April, police raided the offices of Gambar's party Müsavat in Baku.
In mid-May, a top official with the ruling New Azerbaijan Party claimed the only young protesters attending rallies were relatives of opposition leaders, whom he said "must step aside and give their place to a new generation and build new relations" because they "have no popular trust" and have failed to offer new ideas since the 1990s. He also said he believed the government's efforts to curb corruption, a key complaint of protesters, were sincere and making an impact. Claims to the contrary, he said, were "senseless".
On 26 May, Aliyev issued an unexpected presidential pardon to journalist Eynulla Fatullayev after four years of imprisonment. Fatullayev was duly released from prison. In an interview the next day, he said that if the government guaranteed freedom of the press and promised him he would not be punished for his reporting, he would return to work as a journalist in Azerbaijan.
The government put four APFP members, one Müsavat activist, and an unaffiliated anti-government demonstrator on trial on 13 July over their alleged role in organizing protests. Defense lawyers argued that the protests were peaceful and not disruptive, said plainclothes men who helped police to detain the protesters should be subpoenaed for questioning, and suggested Baku city officials violated protesters' right to freedom of assembly by denying permission for the protests, but their arguments were rejected by the judge.
Counter-demonstrations.
Trend News Agency reported that about 100 young Azerbaijanis gathered in front of Karimli's house on 13 April to remonstrate against the APFP leader's role in organizing protests. The rally was reportedly broken up by police, with two protesters being detained, as it was officially unsanctioned.
International reaction.
United States Ambassador to Azerbaijan Matthew Bryza expressed concern over the Azerbaijani government's response to protests in March. On 15 April, Bryza denied the government's accusations that the Obama administration supports revolution in the South Caucasian republic. Bryza admitted that U.S. diplomats in Baku had met with Ali Karimli and Isa Gambar in early April, but said he had not been party to the talks and they did not constitute official U.S. backing for the opposition's goals. "Our desire is to step up sustainable activity and reform," Bryza said. The United States Department of State has also issued separate admonishments to the Azerbaijani government, seen as a vital U.S. ally in the region, to allow its citizens to assemble peacefully and to guarantee due process for the detained.
The European Union criticized Azerbaijan for "lack of respect of fundamental freedoms" after the 2 April rally was broken up by security forces. The supranational body called on authorities to allow for freedom of speech, free assembly, and freedom of the press, rights it suggested the government's response disrespected. On 13 April, Azerbaijani Foreign Minister Elmar Mammadyarov summoned the head of the EU delegation to Azerbaijan to express his government's displeasure over the statement. On 12 May, the European Parliament adopted a resolution in which it sharply condemned the government crackdown and called for the release of political prisoners.
Amnesty International has also prevailed upon the government to allow peaceful protests. In a letter published in British daily "The Guardian" on 20 April, its UK affiliate called for the release of Eynulla Fatullayev and other detained journalists and insisted Baku should "comply with international standards on human rights – specifically the right to assembly and the right to free expression". The International Press Institute echoed Amnesty's criticisms, condemning the Azerbaijani government's deportation of three Swedish journalists for reporting on the demonstration in Fountain Square on 17 April.
At least one political analyst, a Dubai-based consultant on energy issues, suggested the Iranian government may be lending covert backing to protests. He said Iran has a vested interest in discouraging foreign investment in Azerbaijan, a regional rival for oil and natural gas exports, and Tehran may be seeking to spook investors by attempting to destabilize the country.
Many activists demanded a boycott of the 2012 Eurovision song Contest after Azerbaijan won in 2011, but it never materialized.

</doc>
<doc id="31215581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215581" title="Bumpy Road">
Bumpy Road

Bumpy Road is a platforming video game developed and published by Simogo for iOS and Mac. The game features an innovate mechanic in which one moves the road under a car instead of the car itself to achieve the objectives of the game.
Story.
The story begins at a cafe, where a waiter slips a girl a note asking her on a date. The two soon fall in love, buying a car and getting married. The couple then has a baby, to whom they give their harmonica. The child grows up and meets a girl, whom he marries. He later goes off to war, where he presumably dies. His family mourns him, and eventually they give his four year-old son his harmonica.
Gameplay.
In Bumpy Road, players navigate a car through an endless stage by tapping the ground, which creates hills and moves the car. Tapping below the car makes it jump, which can be used to jump on platforms and over water. Along the way, players have to pick up fuel in the form of small circular pellets to avoid stopping. Players can also collect pictures, which tell the story of the two main characters. The game has two modes. Evergreen Ride sees players going as far as they can without falling into water. In Sunday Trip, players drive through a level in an attempt to reach the finish line as fast as possible.

</doc>
<doc id="31215586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215586" title="Thomas Henshaw">
Thomas Henshaw

Thomas Henshaw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31215602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215602" title="Maxence Mailfort">
Maxence Mailfort

Maxence Mailfort is a French film and television actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31215613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215613" title="Pierre Grivot">
Pierre Grivot

Pierre-Antonin-François Grivot, born Paris in 1834 (or possibly 1836), died 1912, was a French singer and actor who enjoyed a long career in Paris, in both operetta and opéra comique. His wife was the actress and singer Laurence Grivot.
Life and career.
He made his stage debut at the Théâtre Molière before entering the Théâtre Montmartre and Théâtre des Batignolles. At the Théâtre des Délassements-Comiques he appeared in 1862 in "La reine Crinoline". Appearing at the Théâtre du Vaudeville, he sang in "La chercheuse d'esprit" by Charles-Simon Favart where he met his future wife.
After touring for two years, Grivot joined the Théâtre de la Gaîté in 1869, helping it through the crisis of the Paris Commune, and spent a season in Cairo with his wife. 
Returning to France they both were engaged by Offenbach for operettas : at the Théâtre de la Renaissance and again at the Gaîté, with premieres such as "Le voyage dans la lune" and revivals of "Orphée aux enfers" and "Geneviève de Brabant" (1875).
After a year at the Variétés he moved to the Opéra-Comique where he remained as a member of the company employed in the trial repertoire for over 20 years. After his debut as Monostatos in "The Magic Flute" on 15 November 1879, his many roles included Guillot in "La Basoche", Dancaire in "Carmen", Lord Elfort in "Le domino noir", Thibaut in "Les dragons de Villars", Hortensius in "La fille du regiment", Cockburn in "Fra Diavolo", the doctor in "L'irato", Cantarelli in "Le pré aux clercs", Bertrand in "Les rendez-vous bourgeois", and Miton in "Le roi l'a dit". 
He created roles in "Jean de Nivelle" by Léo Delibes (Le sire de Malicorne), "Les contes d'Hoffmann" by Offenbach (servant roles), "L'amour médecin" (Bahis) and "Joli Gilles" (Pasquello) by Ferdinand Poise, and "Manon" by Massenet (Guillot).
After the death of his wife in 1890, he reduced his stage work and retired in 1903.
References.
This article includes material adapted from the equivalent on French Wikipedia

</doc>
<doc id="31215617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215617" title="John P. Slattery">
John P. Slattery

John P. Slattery (born April 5, 1958 in Beverly, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 12th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1995–2003 and was a Peabody, Massachusetts City Counclior from 1993-1994. A staunch supporter of the death penalty, Slattery is best known for reversing his vote and sinking death penalty legislation. He was a candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts in 2002, but lost the Democratic nomination to Chris Gabrieli. He was a candidate for Mayor of Peabody in 2005, but lost to incumbent Michael Bonfanti. 

</doc>
<doc id="31215665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215665" title="George Boyle">
George Boyle

George David Boyle (17 May 1828 – 21 March 1901) was Dean of Salisbury from 1880 until his death.
Biography.
George David Boyle was the eldest son of David Boyle, Lord Justice-General and President of the Court of Session in Scotland, by his second marriage with Camilla Catherine, eldest daughter of David Smythe, Lord Methven, and was born in 1828. He was educated at the Charterhouse and at Exeter College, Oxford (B.A. 1851; M.A. 1853). Between 1853 and 1860, he held in succession the curacies of Kidderminster and Hagley. He was incumbent of St. Michael's Handsworth, from 1861 to 1867, and rural dean of Handsworth in 1866–67. He was appointed vicar of Kidderminster in 1867, and rural dean in the following year. He was honorary canon of Worcester from 1872 till 1880, when he was appointed Dean of Salisbury.
He was the author of "Confession, according to the Rule of the Church of England" and "Lessons from a Churchyard".
In 1861 he married Mary Christina, eldest daughter of William Robins, of Hagley, Worcestershire. There were no children.

</doc>
<doc id="31215672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215672" title="Ihor Vozniak">
Ihor Vozniak

Ihor Vozniak (born 3 August 1952) is the Archbishop of Lviv since 2005, succeeding Lubomyr Husar.
Life.
Archbishop Vozniak was born on 3 August 1952 in Lypytsi, in Mykolaiv Raion, Lviv Oblast, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union (in present-day Ukraine).
He entered the Redemptorist Order in 1973 and was secretly ordained a priest in Vinnytsia on 23 November 1980. He served in the cathedral of Ternopil from 1989.
On 11 January 2002, he was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Lviv, Ukraine and Titular Bishop of Nisa in Lycia. On 17 February 2002, he was ordained Titular bishop of Nisa in Lycia by Cardinal Lubomyr Husar. When the Major Archeparchy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church returned from the city of Lviv to the Ukrainian capital of Kiev in 2004, the major archbishop Lubomyr Husar transferred to the new See. On 10 November 2005, Ihor Vozniakwas was appointed Archbishop of Lviv.
He served as the interim administration of the major archepiscopal see of Kiev after the resignation of Cardinal Husar until the election of Sviatoslav Shevchuk in February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31215687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215687" title="Blackout (1985 film)">
Blackout (1985 film)

Blackout is a 1985 made-for-HBO thriller starring Keith Carradine, Kathleen Quinlan and Richard Widmark.

</doc>
<doc id="31215695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215695" title="George Who?">
George Who?

George Who? (French: George qui?) is a 1973 French biographical film directed by Michèle Rosier and starring Anne Wiazemsky, Alain Libolt and Denis Gunsbourg. The film depitcs the life of the French author George Sand.

</doc>
<doc id="31215707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215707" title="Alex Horwath">
Alex Horwath

Alexander Horwath (born March 27, 1987 in Woodbine, Maryland) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Ljungskile SK in the Superettan.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Horwath began his youth career with D.C. United, remaining with the youth squad from 2001 to 2003. In 2005 he attended college at the University of Connecticut but did not play due to an injury. In 2007 he transferred to the University of Wisconsin. While with Wisconsin, Horwath established himself as his team's starting goalkeeper, appearing in 52 matches in his three years.
Horwath played in the USL Premier Development League during his collegiate career. In 2008 he played for the Northern Virginia Royals and in 2009 with Kansas City Brass. He also played with the Madison 56ers of the National Premier Soccer League in 2007.
Professional.
At the conclusion of his college career, Horwath trained with Kansas City Wizards and was signed by Major League Soccer in April 2010. During August 2010 he joined San Jose Earthquakes to replace the injured Joe Cannon. After remaining with San Jose for a few weeks, in October 2010 he joined Seattle Sounders and remained with the club until the end of the season.
During the 2011 Major League Soccer offseason Horwath went on trial with New York Red Bulls. On March 25, 2011 it was announced that Horwath had agreed to terms with New York. One day later Horwath made his official debut for New York starting in place of the injured Greg Sutton and Bouna Coundoul who was on international duty, helping his club to a 0-0 draw against Columbus Crew.
Horwath was waived by New York on November 23, 2011.
Horwath spent two years playing in the USL Pro, playing with the Wilmington Hammerheads in 2012 and VSI Tampa Bay FC in 2013. After initially signing with the Rochester Rhinos for 2014, Horwath instead joined Ljungskile SK in the second division of Sweden.
International.
Horwath played with the United States U-17 and United States U-19 national team.

</doc>
<doc id="31215719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215719" title="Pipe Dream (TV program)">
Pipe Dream (TV program)

Pipe Dream is a television program on the American cable channel NBC Golf Channel. It follows the story of Mark Burk, a homeless golfer who is trying to get his life on back on track. The story and original program is a documentary reality series in 10 episodes which tell Burk's story.
As Golf Channel tells this complicated story of a man who lived in a Pipe, which also came with a back story that was told buy "National Enquirer" Magazine 2009, i.e. Headlines reading, "SHE'S LYING ABOUT BEATING." Then later again in "Page Six NY," another celebrity tabloid therein claiming that "Burk is guilty ." Referring to former Supermodel Beverly Johnson regarding her "allegation" of domestic violence, the National Enquirer magazine went deeper into story and discovered the involvement of actor Christopher Noth of "Law n Order " "Sex in The City" and CBS "Good Wife." Noth was actually subpoenaed to testify in Burk's defense. Celebrity private detective Dano Hanks who worked for Johnson declared under oath that Noth never stalked her. That was a fabrication. Chris Noth was written off the television series "Law n Order" based on Johnson's 1995 claims. In 2008. Beverly Johnson under court records, entered photographs under oath, in a trial proceeding of puroprted injuries. Burk claimed photos were forged/ doctored. Those photos were subpoenaed by defendant Burk but were then destroyed immediately in the courthouse by accuser Beverly Johnson (affidavit) & Richard Houghton, Esq. Palm Desert CA. Both Johnson & Houghton 'wrote sworn statements'to these facts. Destroying evidence is a crime 133-5 PC. Charges of the destruction of evidence were never brought against Johnson by the Office of District Attorney County of Riverside.
On or about November 15, 2013 under the representation of the Public Defender Office Chief Council, attorney Cavanaugh filed a motion to defend the conviction that Mark Burk pled to under duress in 2009. 
The plea of guity was overturned to not guilty, the case dismissed and expunged from court records.
Burk is free from any wrongdoing.
In 2013 the Public Defenders Office would make no further comment other than congratulations to Mark Burk for his determination to believe in the system. And his never give up hope.
Mark Burk is speaking for the homeless shelters and continuing his plight for hope and to "never give up"
During 2012 -13 Miguel Zayas worked with Burk to develop a deeper story about the journey and path Burk's life has taken. 

</doc>
<doc id="31215725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215725" title="Park West (Miami)">
Park West (Miami)

Park West (colloquially referred to as the Downtown Nightclub District or Club Row) is a neighborhood of greater Downtown, Miami, Florida, United States. It is roughly bound by Biscayne Boulevard to the east, West First Avenue to the west, North 10th Street to the south and Interstate 395 to the north. As of 2010, about 4,655 residents live in Park West. The neighborhoods is named 'Park West' due to its location just west of Bicentennial Park.
Film production.
In recent years, the Park West neighborhood has become a popular film production center, with the filming of the 2012 Rock of Ages film that reconverted much of NE 14th Street into Los Angeles' Sunset Strip. Television show Burn Notice, filmed almost primarily in Miami's Coconut Grove neighborhood, also often films in Park West studios. In 2010, plans to build a production studio at 29 NW 13th Street were announced. The studios are expected to add a series of sound stages to Park West, and help expand the growing film production industry in the Park West area. In July 2011, production plans were announced for the Charlie's Angels 2011 TV show remake to be filmed in production studios in nearby Wynwood.
Transportation.
Park West is served by Miami-Dade Transit via Metrobus along major thoroughfares, and by the Miami Metrorail and Metromover at:
Metrorail:
Metromover:

</doc>
<doc id="31215771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215771" title="Mount Gugu">
Mount Gugu

Mount Gugu is a mountain in central Ethiopia. Located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region, it has a latitude and longitude of , with an elevation of 3623 meters. It forms part of the divide between the drainage basins of the Awash and the Shebelle rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="31215801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215801" title="Jean Daujat">
Jean Daujat

Jean Daujat (Paris, 27 October 1906 – 31 May 1998) was a French philosopher of neo-Thomism, a disciple of Jacques Maritain, and the founder of the Centre d'études religieuses, the Center for Religious Studies, specializing in teaching Christian doctrine.
Biography.
Early Life & Education.
Jean Daujat was born on 27 October 1906, in Paris to parents who were non-practicing believers. Daujat was home schooled by his mother until he entered the Lycee Pasteur in 1918. He obtained a BA in philosophy, with honors in mathematics.
In September 1923, Daujat entered Lycée Janson-de-Sailly where he studied mathematics. Meanwhile, his former high school biology teacher Pastor Jules Lefevre directed him toward the philosophy of Saint Thomas Aquinas. Daujat also discovered the philosophy of Jacques Maritain, who greatly influenced his own work. Jules Lefevre then introduced him to Amédée d'Yvignac, who had founded the French Gazette, which was subtitled "organ of Christian politics." Jean Daujat collaborated in this review along with Maritain, Henri Massis and Henri Gheon.
Center for Religious Studies.
In the fall of 1925 Jean Daujat and a group of seven men began the Centre d'études religieuses. The creation of the Centre d'études religieuses would be the focus his work for the rest of his life.
In 1926, Jean Daujat entered the Ecole Normale Superieure to study science. Classmates included Etienne Borne and Merleau-Ponty in the literature department, the mathematician Chevalley, and the physicist and geneticist Rosenfeld Heir. Other influential men who attended alongside Daujat were Raymond Aron, Paul Nizan, Jean-Paul Sartre, Henri Cartan and Jean Dieudonné, two of the founders of the Bourbaki group, Louis Neel, Nobel Prize laureate in physics, Olivier Lacombe, also a disciple of Jacques Maritain and specialist in Oriental languages, Henri-Irénée Marrou, Maurice Bardeche, Robert Brasillach, Thierry Maulnier and Simone Weil.
During this period, Daujat continued his philosophical and spiritual training. With Maritain, he became acquainted with Vladimir Ghika, a Romanian prince who became a Catholic priest. Daujat dedicated a book to Ghika some fifty years later, as well as Father Garrigou-Lagrange. For several years he has collaborated with writer Yvonne ERC Estienne.
Marriage.
In 1930 Daujat married Danish painter Sonia Hansen, a talented portraitist and landscape painter.
Work.
In 1931, Daujat began teaching himself at the Centre d'études religieuses, supported by Cardinal Verdier. He begins to write a treatise on theology and spirituality, "The Supernatural Life", which appeared in 1938 with a preface by Archbishop Beaussart and Father Garrigou-Lagrange. In 1933 he founded the Monthly Magazine which was published until 1939. In addition to its own articles and those of Yvonne Estienne, there were many prestigious authors who wrote for the magazine, such as Father Garrigou-Lagrange, Mgt Ghika, Father Lallement, Jacques Maritain, Henri Gheon, Charles Du Bos, Stanislas Broth, Robert of Harcourt, Gustave Thibon, Henriette Charasson, Olivier Lacombe, Merleau-Ponty, and Jacques Madaule. 
Daujat published several books on philosophy and theology. In 1970 "The Christian Social Order". And In 1974 "Y a-t-il une Verite?" was published.
After the war, his teaching affected thousands of students. He wrote for several magazines like "The New Man" or "The Catholic France". He published over thirty books, some of which were translated into several languages.
In December 1946, he defended a thesis on the history of science on the theory of electric and magnetic phenomena before a jury that included Gaston Bachelard and Louis de Broglie. He published two books on the philosophy of science: "Modern Physics" and "Traditional Philosophy".
Because of a Communist threat he received after publishing a booklet showing the perversion of communism, which sold hundreds of thousands of copies, Daujat was asked to speak at numerous conferences on this subject. He published his last book in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31215817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215817" title="Passin' Thru (Chico Hamilton album)">
Passin' Thru (Chico Hamilton album)

"Passin' Thru" is an album by American jazz drummer Chico Hamilton featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Drummer Chico Hamilton's debut on Impulse featured his fifth Quintet, an advanced hard bop unit that sometimes hinted a little at the avant-garde... this was a major band". 

</doc>
<doc id="31215821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215821" title="Lyndale Avenue">
Lyndale Avenue

Lyndale Avenue is a major street in Minneapolis, Brooklyn Center, Richfield, and Bloomington, Minnesota, in the United States. A noncontinuous portion exists in Faribault, part of Highway 21. There are several commercial districts along it, including Lyn-Lake in South Minneapolis, Shops at Lyndale in Richfield, and the Oxboro area in Bloomington. Portions of both Interstate 94 and Interstate 35 run on the right-of-way of Lyndale Avenue.
Description of route.
In Faribault, Lyndale Avenue is a divided four-lane highway with a 45 mph speed limit. Between Faribault and the Minnesota River, Lyndale Avenue has been replaced by Interstate 35. North of the river, the old Lyndale Avenue resumes in Bloomington. At the south edge of Bloomington, it is a 2-lane road, until 106th Street West. Through most of Bloomington and Richfield, it is an undivided four-lane city street. There are major commercial districts at 98th Street, American Boulevard, 77th Street (Kensington Park and Shops at Lyndale), and 66th Street (Woodlake Center). Shortly after entering Minneapolis, the street becomes a one-way, to connect with Minnesota State Highway 121, a freeway spur connecting Lyndale Ave and Interstate 35W. After their junction at 56th Street West, the road becomes a divided two-lane roadway across Minnehaha Creek and north toward Uptown. Near the intersection with Lake Street, it becomes a four-lane again, a major commercial street which remains continuous until the Virginia Triangle (the commons with Hennepin Avenue). After the Triangle, Lyndale Avenue splits, with matching one-ways on either side of Interstate 94. They join at Plymouth Avenue. The street remains four lanes until Broadway. The two-lane road ends at 57th Avenue North in Brooklyn Center, near the junction of I-94 and Interstate 694.
History.
The street was historically a rural route from Minneapolis to Faribault, though most of that route has since been replaced by Interstates 35 and 35W. The Lyndale Avenue name is not signed on these routes. The remaining Lyndale Ave has designations as Hennepin County Road 22 (in Minneapolis) and Minnesota State Highway 21 (in Faribault). Prior to the portion south of Minneapolis being upgraded to a freeway, it was part of Minnesota State Highway 65.
Lyndale Avenue takes its name from Lyndale farm, a 1,400-acre farm owned by Hon. William S. King. The name of the farm was in honor of Mr. King's father, Rev. Lyndon King, an itinerant Methodist minister of northern New York, who was named for Josiah Lyndon, colonial governor of Rhode Island in 1768-1769.

</doc>
<doc id="31215824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215824" title="Seven Dwarfs Mine Train">
Seven Dwarfs Mine Train

Seven Dwarfs Mine Train is a steel roller coaster located at Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. Manufactured by Vekoma, the roller coaster is situated in the Fantasyland section of Magic Kingdom. It opened to the public on May 28, 2014, as part of a major park expansion. The ride is themed to the 1937 film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", the first animated feature film from Walt Disney.
History.
The Fantasyland section of the Magic Kingdom underwent a large expansion and renovation from March 2010 through May 2014. 
As part of the expansion, the Magic Kingdom's original Snow White attraction, Snow White's Scary Adventures, was permanently closed on May 31, 2012 and replaced with Princess Fairytale Hall, a new Disney Princess meet and greet. A new area themed to "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", featuring Snow White's cottage and the new the Seven Dwarfs Mine Train roller coaster, was dedicated on May 2, 2014 and officially opened on May 28, 2014.
The ride soft-opened in the Magic Kingdom on May 21, 2014, fully opening a week later on May 28, 2014.
Queue.
The indoor line-up area hosts a few interactive activities. One is a gem-sorting game where you match up three jewels of different shape but the same color. There is also a spot with barrels full of gems that you spin to create reflective animations on the ceiling. Finally there are the "musical spigots," a gem washing station with wooden taps carved to woodland animals. There are 12 spigots each representing a note on the chromatic scale. Therefore, if the first spigot starts on "C", then from left to right they would be as follows; C, C#(or D-flat), D, D#(or E-flat), E, F, F#(or G-flat), G, G#(or A-flat), A, A#(or B-flat), B.
Attraction.
The ride travels both indoors and outdoors, similar to Frontierland's major attractions, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad and Splash Mountain. Unlike roller coasters such as California Screamin' and Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith, this attraction is designed to appeal to a family-oriented crowd with enchanting scenery and cartoonish architecture. The attraction features a new ride system of a "tilting vehicle." This new technology simulates the swaying and tipping one would expect to experience in a mine cart.
Songs from the film, such as "Heigh-Ho", are featured in the attraction. Several show elements from the now-defunct Snow White's Scary Adventures attraction were recycled for the roller-coaster, such as the vultures perched above the ride's first lift hill and Audio-Animatronic figures of Grumpy, Doc, Bashful, Sleepy, and Happy.

</doc>
<doc id="31215841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215841" title="Abnormal behaviour of birds in captivity">
Abnormal behaviour of birds in captivity

Abnormal behaviour of birds in captivity can be defined in several ways. Statistically, 'abnormal' is when the occurrence, frequency or intensity of a behaviour varies statistically significantly, either more or less, from the normal value. This means that theoretically, almost any behaviour could become 'abnormal' in an individual. Less formally, 'abnormal' includes any activity judged to be outside the normal behaviour pattern for captive birds of that particular class or age. For example, running rather than flying may be a normal behaviour and regularly observed in one species, however, in another species it might be normal but becomes 'abnormal' if it reaches a high frequency, or in another species it is rarely observed and any incidence is considered 'abnormal'. This article does not include 'one-off' behaviours performed by individual birds that might be considered abnormal for that individual, unless these are performed repeatedly by other individuals in the species and are recognised as part of the ethogram of that species.
Most abnormal behaviours can be categorised collectively (e.g., eliminative, ingestive, sterotypies), however, many abnormal behaviours fall debatebly into several of these categories and categorisation is therefore not attempted in this article. Abnormal behaviours here are considered to be related to captive housing but may also be due to medical conditions. The article does not include behaviours in birds that are genetically modified to express abnormal behaviour.
When housed under captive or commercial conditions, birds often show a range of abnormal behaviours. These are often self-injurious or harmful to other individuals, and include:
When analyzing the behaviour of birds in captivity, what is considered normal or abnormal behaviour is dependent on the form and frequency that the particular behaviour is expressed in the natural environment. Birds raised in pet stores tend to be raised with other birds, however, after being sold and taken to the owner's home, birds in captivity are often housed in isolation and in environments lacking abundant resources or complex stimuli. In the United States, it is estimated that forty million birds are kept caged and improperly cared for. Because of these inappropriate housing conditions, abnormal behaviour patterns may appear in caged birds kept as pets. Once established, these abnormal behaviours in birds are often not alterable. 
When social interactions amongst birds are absent or inadequate, abnormal social behaviour may develop. For example, a study regarding parrots that had been isolated in cages demonstrated that most birds showing this social deprivation had significant behavioural disturbances, such as aggressive behaviour, feather picking, self-mutilation, restlessness, screaming, apathetic behavior, and stereotypies. Cannibalism often occurs in large animal husbandry systems, which are usually impoverished environments with a lack of opportunities. In addition, studies of caged canaries have revealed two common stereotypies. These include spot picking, where birds repeatedly touch a particular spot in the environment with the tip of their beak, and route tracing, a pacing behaviour associated with physical restrictions in movement imposed by the cage. The absence of song learning in zebra finches has also been implicated as a behavioural abnormality. In these birds, the social interaction of a young male with his song tutor is important for normal song development. Without the stimulus, the song, which is necessary for mating behavior, will not be learned. 
Researchers have analyzed ways to alleviate some abnormal behaviours in caged birds. Presenting these birds with novel stimuli e.g. a mirror or plastic birds, and social stimuli, such as a brief view of a bird in another cage, significantly reduced stereotypies. In addition, it has been suggested that keeping caged birds in pairs or small groups may reduce the development of abnormal behaviours, however, little quantitative evidence has thus far been collected to support this claim.

</doc>
<doc id="31215845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215845" title="Somatomedin B">
Somatomedin B

Somatomedin B is a serum factor of unknown function, is a small cysteine-rich peptide, derived proteolytically from the N-terminus of the cell-substrate adhesion protein vitronectin. Cys-rich somatomedin B-like domains are found in a number of proteins, including plasma-cell membrane glycoprotein (which has nucleotide pyrophosphate and alkaline phosphodiesterase I activities) and placental protein 11 (which appears to possess amidolytic activity).
The SMB domain of vitronectin has been demonstrated to interact with both the urokinase receptor and the plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) and the conserved cysteines of the NPP1 somatomedin B-like domain have been shown to mediate homodimerization. As shown in the following schematic representation below the SMB domain contains eight Cys residues, arranged into four disulfide bonds. It has been suggested that the active SMB domain may be permitted considerable disulfide bond heterogeneity or variability, provided that the Cys25-Cys31 disulfide bond is preserved. The three-dimensional structure of the SMB domain is extremely compact and the disulfide bonds are packed in the centre of the domain forming a covalently bonded core. The structure of the SMB domain presents a new protein fold, with the only ordered secondary structure being a single-turn alpha-helix and a single-turn 3(10)-helix.
'C': conserved cysteine probably involved in a disulfide bond.
'*': position of the pattern.
Human proteins containing this domain.
ENPP1; ENPP2; ENPP3; PRG4; SUSD2; VTN;

</doc>
<doc id="31215850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215850" title="List of Cosmopolitan Clubs">
List of Cosmopolitan Clubs

The following is a list of Cosmopolitan Clubs grouped by continent and geographic region. The Cosmopolitan Club is a private social club with groups located in approximately every corner of the world.
United States.
In the United States the Cosmopolitan Club movement began in the University of Wisconsin in 1903.
Oceania.
New Zealand.
Also: Taumarunui, Taupo and Tokoroa;

</doc>
<doc id="31215869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215869" title="Denzong Boys FC">
Denzong Boys FC

Denzong Boys Football Club (DBFC) is a football club in Sikkim, India. A wing of Denzong Welfare Association, it was formed in the year 2008. It is managed by Phurba Sherpa and coached by Bal Gopal Maharjan. As of March 2011, DBFC comprises 28 members.
They started their 2011 I-League 2nd Division with 3-3 draw Josco FC. In their third match against Mohammedan sporting they tied at 0-0 

</doc>
<doc id="31215888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215888" title="Proton-dependent oligopeptide transporter">
Proton-dependent oligopeptide transporter

The transport of peptides into cells is a well-documented biological phenomenon which is accomplished by specific, energy-dependent transporters found in a number of organisms as diverse as bacteria and humans. The proton-dependent oligopeptide transporter (PTR) family of proteins is distinct from the ABC-type peptide transporters and was uncovered by sequence analyses of a number of recently discovered peptide transport proteins. These proteins that seem to be mainly involved in the intake of small peptides with the concomitant uptake of a proton.
Human proteins containing this domain.
FP12591; PEPT1; PTR4; SLC15A1; SLC15A2; SLC15A3; SLC15A4; hPEPT1-RF;

</doc>
<doc id="31215891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215891" title="Saint Mary of Sorrows Roman Catholic Church">
Saint Mary of Sorrows Roman Catholic Church

Saint Mary of Sorrows Roman Catholic Church, is located at 938 Genesee Street, Buffalo, New York in the cities east side. The building is a city of buffalo landmark.
History.
Construction of the church began in 1886 and was completed in 1891. The church was built for a primarily German congregation in a rhenish romanesque revival style with the floor plan laid out as a Latin cross. The church's main tower rises 235 ft (71.63 meters) high. In 1985, the church was shuttered and the Catholic Diocese considered demolishing it.
Current Use.
The building underwent renovations from 1986–1996 which included a new roof, repairs to bell tower, façade cleaning, and life safety systems. The building is now known as the King Urban Life Center and contains the King Center Charter School. Four classrooms were built in the sanctuary space with the chancel and altar being left primarily intact.

</doc>
<doc id="31215913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215913" title="Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 30)">
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 30)

The following is a list of episodes from the thirtieth season of PBS "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" which aired in 2000.
Episode 1 (Curiosity).
Rogers uses a frame to concentrate on small sections of a large mural. Seeing a set of vegetables in one section of the mural, he reflects on a visit to a vegetable garden, referred to as an "edible school yard". In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, King Friday is irritated when Purple Panda and his compatriot, Little Panda, fool him. He commands that they cancel all curiosity. 
Episode 2 (Curiosity).
Rogers makes a shaker out of small lid tops and a can before seeing several homemade instruments played at Negri's Music Shop. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Chuck Aber begins to build a truck frame around curious Daniel's Clock. Little Panda tries to show Prince Tuesday how to travel "the Purple way," but they both get lost. 
Episode 3 (Curiosity).
Rogers visits a friend who takes him on a bucket lift prior to trimming trees. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Purple Panda suggests that Little Panda and Prince Tuesday may not be on anyplace familiar. 
Episode 4 (Curiosity).
Rogers gives a final discussion on false faces. He then visits a new studio set, the toy-and-book store run by a new neighbor, Tony Chiroldes. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, everyone is still looking for Little Panda and Prince Tuesday. Betty Okonak Templeton uses a telescope, as do the others, to discover just the planet to seek. It is up to HulaMouse to rescue Tuesday and Little Panda. 
Episode 5 (Curiosity).
Rogers reads his own book titled "Daniel Striped Tiger Gets Ready for Bed". He finds violinist Hilary Hahn at Negri's Music Shop. Nighttime grips the Neighborhood of Make-Believe with worry over Little Panda and Prince Tuesday. 
Episode 6 (Ready to Read?).
Rogers immediately goes to see elephants of different sizes. He also shows a video on how backpacks are made. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, an over-curious King Friday asks that Cornflake S. Pecially should build a machine to look inside of things. 
Episode 7 (Ready to Read?).
Rogers visits guitarist Manuel Barrueco at Negri's Music Shop. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Queen Sara gives HulaMouse a picture with several hoops and a few hidden letters. 
Episode 8 (Ready to Read?).
Rogers witnesses a majestic ballet dancer and her teacher. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Lady Elaine reveals her plans for a new game show. 
Episode 9 (Ready to Read?).
Chuck Aber visits the television house with his H.J. Elephant III puppet and the book "I Read Signs". In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Lady Aberlin discovers H.J. Elephant III knows sign language. What nobody knows is how to get H.J. involved in The Reading Game. 
Episode 10 (Ready to Read?).
Given assistance from Mayor Maggie, H.J. Elephant reads his first words on Lady Elaine's new show, The Reading Game. Mr. McFeely shows Rogers a video on how ball caps are made. 

</doc>
<doc id="31215918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215918" title="Annular fin">
Annular fin

In thermal engineering, an annular fin is a specific type of fin used in heat transfer that varies, radially, in cross-sectional area. Adding an annular fin to an object increases the amount of surface area in contact with the surrounding fluid, which increases the convective heat transfer between the object and surrounding fluid. Because surface area increases as length from the object increases, an annular fin transfers more heat than a similar pin fin at any given length. Annular fins are often used to increase the heat exchange in liquid–gas heat exchanger systems.
Governing Equation.
To derive the governing equation of an annular fin, certain assumptions must be made. The fin must have constant thermal conductivity and other material properties, there must be no internal heat generation, there must be only one-dimensional conduction, and the fin must be at steady state. 
Applying the energy conservation principle to a differential element between radii "r" and "r" + Δ"r" yields
where the first two terms are heat transferred through conduction, while the third is heat lost due to convection with the surrounding fluid. "T" represents the temperature at "r" and "T"e represents the temperature of the surrounding fluid. Next, applying Fourier's law
and dividing by 4πΔ"r", letting Δ"r" → 0, yields
Assigning new variables "z"
and "θ", where "T"b is the temperature at the base of the fin,
results in the governing equation for heat transfer of an annular fin:
Heat loss and efficiency.
The maximum possible heat loss from an annular fin occurs when the fin is isothermal. This ensures that the temperature difference between the fin and the surrounding fluid is maximized at every point along the fin, increasing heat transfer by convection, and ultimately heat loss "Q":
The efficiency "η"f of an annular fin is the ratio of its heat loss to the heat loss of a similar isothermal fin:

</doc>
<doc id="31215952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215952" title="Rotational partition function">
Rotational partition function

The rotational partition function relates the rotational degrees of freedom to the rotational part of the energy.
Definition.
The total partition function formula_1 of a system of identical particles can be divided into molecular partition functions formula_2. Under the assumption that that all energy levels formula_3 can be partitioned into its contributions from different degrees of freedom (weakly coupled degrees of freedom)
and the number of degenerate states are given as products of the single contributions
where "trans", "rot", "vib" and "e" denotes translational, rotational and vibrational contributions as well as electron excitation, the molecular partition functions
can be written as a product itself
Rotational energies are quantized. For a diatomic molecule like CO or HCl, the allowed rotational energies are
Now formula_9 for each level formula_10 is formula_11, so the rotational partition function is therefore
If the difference between energy levels formula_13 is very small compared to formula_14, then the sum can be approximated by an integral and is found to be proportional to the temperature. For more complex polyatomic molecules, the situation is more difficult.
For the CO molecule at formula_15, the (unit less) contribution formula_16 to formula_2 turns out to be in the range of formula_18.
The rotational energy can now be computed by taking the derivative of formula_16 with respect to temperature formula_20. This can of course also be done by using the equipartition theorem, which says that in an equilibrium the energies of all degrees of freedom are proportional to the temperature.

</doc>
<doc id="31215966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215966" title="Rice &amp; Hutchins">
Rice &amp; Hutchins

Rice & Hutchins, Inc. was a shoe manufacturing and wholesaling company based in Boston, Massachusetts begun as a partnership in 1866, and later incorporated in 1892. By 1916 the company was considered to be among the largest shoe manufacturers in America, with sales that were nationwide and in several countries in Europe, Asia and South America. The corporation was dissolved in 1929.
Company history.
The Rice and Hutchins Shoe Company was established in October 1866 by business partners William B. Rice as president and Horatio H. Hutchins as vice president, both of whom had experience in shoe making and sales. The company first began by selling shoes manufactured by Felton & Chipman in Marlborough, Massachusetts and other factories around New England. The company faced an early setback by the Boston Fire of 1872 in which much of its stock of shoes at their offices and warehouse at 125 Summer St. in Boston were completely destroyed. Three years later in 1875, Rice & Hutchins purchased their first factory in Marlborough, (the Felton & Chipman factory) to support their steadily increasing sales. Between 1875 and 1885, several factories were established in several New England towns and cities, including Warren, Maine; Rockland, Massachusetts; Marlborough, Massachusetts and Boston. In 1884, they established their first subsidiary distributing house outside of Boston, the Joseph I. Meaney & Company of Philadelphia.
In 1885, Horatio H. Hutchins retired from the company and Rice's sons Harry Lee Rice and Fred Ball Rice assumed executive positions as vice president and secretary-treasurer of the company. The years between 1885 and 1909 were a period of great growth of the company. In addition to several new and expanded factories in Massachusetts, Maine and Yonkers, New York, several subsidiary distribution houses were established in New York City, Baltimore, Chicago, Cincinnati, St. Louis, and began international sales in 1893 with a distributorship agreement with a London wholesaler. International sales were expanded in 1903 by establishing the Rice and Hutchins subsidiary of Vera American Shoe Company in Berlin and establishing a distributorship in Manila, in the Philippines.
In 1892, the company was first reorganized as a corporation under the laws of New Jersey. Later in 1905, they reorganized again as a Maine corporation. Through all the reorganizations, William B. Rice remained as president of the company and corporations until his death in 1909, when his son Harry L. Rice assumed the presidency of the company. 
Under the leadership of Harry Rice, the company further expanded international sales in 1914 by establishing subsidiary distributors in Copenhagen, Denmark and in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The company's exhibit at the Panama–Pacific International Exposition (1915 World's Fair) covering the history of shoes, including advertising and ephemera, complete with over 800 pairs of shoes and a notable display of "Educator shoes" for the "whole family", was awarded the medal of honor. By the time of the 50th anniversary of the company in October, 1916 they were among the largest manufacturers and distributors of shoes in America. 
Employees of the Rice & Hutchins factory on Pearl Street in South Braintree, Massachusetts became witnesses in the murder and robbery of Frederick Parmenter, a paymaster, and Alessandro Berardelli, a security guard, coming from the adjacent Slater & Morrill factory on April 15, 1920. The murder occurred on the street directly in front of the Rice & Hutchins factory. Italian immigrants Sacco and Vanzetti were arrested for the crime and convicted based in part by the employees' testimony in the highly publicized trial. 
The company continued in operation through most of the 1920s, but it was sold and the corporation was eventually dissolved by the Rice brothers (Harry & Fred) in 1929, as both were looking to retire from the business. A major dispute over the disposition of company assets and corporate succession led to the often cited Delaware Supreme Court case of "Triplex Shoe Company v. Rice & Hutchins, Inc."

</doc>
<doc id="31215997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215997" title="Bjarne Arentz">
Bjarne Arentz

Bjarne Arentz (born 1928) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Oslo. He participated at the 1948 Winter Olympics in Saint Moritz, where he competed in downhill, slalom and alpine combined.
He became Norwegian champion in alpine combined in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="31215999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31215999" title="Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 31)">
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 31)

The following is a list of episodes from the 31st and final season of PBS "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" which aired in 2001. This season was the shortest of the entire run, with only five episodes.
Episode 1 (Celebrate the Arts).
While tree-sitting for Mr. McFeely, Rogers draws a picture of a tiny oak tree. McFeely compliments the drawing, and later, he shows a video on how adult tricycles are made. Cousin Mary returns to the Neighborhood of Make-Believe to show her videotape of various trees.
Episode 2 (Celebrate the Arts).
Rogers takes his final visit to his sand table, leading to a video insert of people playing with sand at a beach. Afterward, Rogers makes his second and final trip to Tony Chiroldes' toy-and-book store. King Friday pronounces the Neighborhood of Make-Believe will hold an art festival. That doesn't impress Lady Elaine, who appoints herself the art judge.
Episode 3 (Celebrate the Arts).
The Neighborhood of Make-Believe sees Chuck Aber and HulaMouse's finished sand sculpture. Lady Elaine quickly criticizes it and just about everything else. But the sand sculpture inspires Lady Aberlin to dance, and leads Daniel to creating a tiny mobile. Daniel suggests why Lady Elaine might be hurting people's feelings. Rogers does a video insert of his visit to a lady's pottery.
Episode 4 (Celebrate the Arts).
Rogers makes his final visit to Negri's Music Shop, where he meets an expert playing the glass harmonica. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, several discover just why Lady Elaine is hurting people's feelings.
Episode 5 (Celebrate the Arts).
Everyone in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe now knows that Lady Elaine is still dwelling on that day long ago when somebody hurt her feelings, but when the time comes to "judge" all the artwork she arrives not with a judgment, but with a collage of all the neighbors. It is Lady Elaine's rightful act of compassion toward those around her. Mr. McFeely and Rogers share a video collage of artists in their various fields.

</doc>
<doc id="31216026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216026" title="Robert Ladislav Parker">
Robert Ladislav Parker

Robert L. Parker is an American geophysicist and mathematician currently holding a Professor Emeritus of Geophysics position at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California, San Diego in La Jolla, California.
The Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics in La Jolla.
After completing a B.A. in Natural Sciences in 1963, M.A. in 1964, and Ph.D. in 1966 in Geophysics at Downing College, Cambridge in England, Parker moved to the U.S. to work at the Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics (IGPP). He has subsequently built on work by Freeman Gilbert and George Backus regarding inverse theory. He is a former director of IGPP.
Personal life.
Parker is an avid bicyclist and keeps track of all of his miles. He has also written about the energy behind bicycle physics.

</doc>
<doc id="31216040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216040" title="South African Class 7 4-8-0">
South African Class 7 4-8-0

The South African Class 7 4-8-0 of 1892 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.
In 1892 the Cape Government Railways placed six 7th Class steam locomotives with a 4-8-0 Mastodon wheel arrangement in service and between 1892 and 1893 another thirty-two were acquired. They were initially placed in service on the Cape Midland System, but were later distributed between the Cape Midland and Cape Eastern Systems. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered but retained their Class 7 classification.
Manufacturers.
In 1890 Michael Stephens, then Chief Locomotive Superintendent of the Cape Western System of the Cape Government Railways (CGR), accompanied by General Manager C.B. Elliot, visited Durban to examine and report on the new Dübs A 4-8-2T (later NGR Class D) tank locomotives that had been placed in service by the Natal Government Railways (NGR) in 1888. In Elliot’s subsequent report he stated his conviction that locomotives with eight-coupled wheels should be adopted for the coastal sections of the Cape Midland and Cape Eastern Systems, where fog and the damp atmosphere were detrimental to tractive adhesion.
Following this report, a complete design for such a locomotive was prepared at the Salt River works under the supervision of Locomotive Superintendent H.M. Beatty. The last six of an order for fifty-six Cape 5th Class 4-6-0 locomotives from Dübs and Company were cancelled and substituted with an order for six of these new 7th Class locomotives. They were delivered in 1892 and numbered in the range from 315 to 320 for the Cape Midland System. Two of them, numbers 318 and 320, were later renumbered to 701 and 702 and re-allocated to the Cape Eastern System.
These six locomotives were followed by an order for another thirty-two locomotives, delivered from Neilson and Company between 1892 and 1893. These were initially numbered in the range from 321 to 352 for the Midland System. Fifteen of these were later renumbered in the range from 703 to 717 and re-allocated to the Eastern System.
While the 6th Class, which was designed and ordered at the same time as the 7th Class, was conceived as a fast passenger locomotive, the 7th Class was conceived as its heavy goods locomotive counterpart. The 7th Class turned out to be a most useful and well liked class. It continued the good looks of the Cape’s locomotives with a strong construction and sound design, and some remained in service for nearly eighty years.
Class 7 sub-classes.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the NGR and the Central South African Railways, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the South African Railways (SAR) came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
When these thirty-eight locomotives were assimilated into the SAR in 1912, they were renumbered in the range from 950 to 987, but they retained their Class 7 classification.
The rest of the CGR’s 7th Class locomotives, together with 7th Class locomotives from the Central South African Railways (CSAR), Pretoria-Pietersburg Railway (PPR), Rhodesia Railways (RR), the NGR and, in 1925, the New Cape Central Railways (NCCR), were grouped into six different sub-classes by the SAR, becoming SAR Classes 7A to 7F.
Modification.
During the 1930s many of the Class 7 series locomotives were equipped with superheated boilers or piston valves or both. On the Class 7B and Class 7C this conversion was sometimes indicated with an "S" suffix to the class letter on the locomotive number plate, but on the rest of the Class 7 family this distinction was rarely applied. The superheated versions could be visually identified by the position of the chimney on the smokebox, with the chimney displaced forward to provide space behind it in the smokebox for the superheater header.
Service.
Government railways.
The 7th Class became the main goods locomotive for the last twenty years of the existence of the CGR. Three of them also saw service with the Imperial Military Railways (IMR) during the Second Freedom War from 1899 to 1902, having been allocated to the IMR for the duration of the war.
In SAR service, the Class 7 did duty on every system in the country. In 1915, during the South West Africa Campaign in World War I, twenty-nine Class 7 series locomotives were sent to South West Africa (SWA) to assist the expeditionary forces. Eleven of these were Class 7 locomotives, numbers 950, 952, 954, 957, 962, 967 to 969, 973, 979 and 984. One of them was lost at sea in the process and was subsequently replaced with Class 7A number 1000. The lost locomotive was recorded as being number 984; however, number 984 was photographed in service at Walvisbaai circa 1955.
They proved so successful in that territory that more were gradually transferred there in later years. By the time the Class 24 locomotives arrived in SWA in 1949, there were still fifty-three locomotives of the Class 7 family in use there.
Most remained there and were only transferred back to South Africa when the Class 32-000 diesel-electric locomotives replaced them in 1961. In South Africa they remained in branch line service, particularly at Tarkastad and Ladysmith and also on the Touws River-Ladismith branch line, until they were finally withdrawn in 1972.
Industrial service.
In 1966 two Class 7 locomotives, numbers 955 and 956, as well as four Class 7A and two Class 7B were sold to the Zambesi Saw Mills (ZSM) in Zambia. The company worked the teak forests that stretched to the north-west of Livingstone in Zambia and it built one of the longest logging railways in the world to serve its sawmill at Mulobezi. These eight locomotives joined eight ex RR 7th Class locomotives that had been acquired by the ZSM between 1925 and 1956.
Railway operations ceased at Mulobezi around 1972, whilst operation of the line to Livingstone was taken over by the Zambia Railways in 1973. While most of the Class 7 locomotives remained at Mulobezi out of use, number 955 was preserved at the Livingstone Railway Museum.
Renumberings.
During their long service lives some of the Class 7 locomotives underwent multiple renumberings. All were initially numbered into the Cape Midland System roster. Some were later renumbered into the Cape Eastern System roster, three saw service with the IMR and were temporarily renumbered accordingly, and all were eventually renumbered into the SAR’s roster in 1912. The table lists these renumberings as well as their builders and works numbers.
Service illustrated.
The main picture shows ex Cape Midland System Class 7 no. 344, later SAR Class 7 no. 975, plinthed at the Women’s Memorial in Bloemfontein. Of the plinthed locomotives displayed below, CGR no. 345 (SAR no. 976) at Klerksdorp is actually Midland no. 332, later Eastern no. 707 and eventually SAR no. 980. It was restored incorrectly bearing the CGR number plate and builder’s works plate of CGR no. 345.

</doc>
<doc id="31216041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216041" title="Nuclear energy in Estonia">
Nuclear energy in Estonia

In 2009, the Riigikogu (Estonian Parliament) approved National Development Plan of the Energy Sector until 2020, provisioning necessity to train specialists and pass relevant legislation by 2012 which would be necessary if Estonia were to carry out construction of a nuclear plant.
In February, 2011 Government of Estonia approved of a nuclear power plant to be built by year 2023. In the meantime an increase in the output of oil shale fired power plants is planned by renovating additional blocks of soviet built plants. However in the long run a forcible decrease in the oil shale share of the country's energy output is planned with the nuclear power plant superseding oil shale with its environmental implications.
Pakri Islands have been named as one of the 6 potential sites for the reactor however at this early stage those remain only speculations.

</doc>
<doc id="31216089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216089" title="Thomas J. Brady">
Thomas J. Brady

Thomas Jefferson Brady (February 12, 1839–April 22, 1904) was an American Civil War General and Republican politician.
Early life.
Brady was born in Muncie, Indiana in 1839, the son of John Brady, the first mayor of Muncie, and his wife, Mary Wright Brady. After graduating from Asbury College (now DePauw University), Brady taught school for several years before studying law and being admitted to the bar in 1860. At the outbreak of the Civil War, he joined the Union Army as a captain in the 8th Indiana Infantry Regiment. Brady served with that regiment until 1863, when he was promoted to colonel of the 140th Indiana Infantry Regiment. He was promoted to brevet brigadier general just before the end of the war, in March 1865, in recognition of his "long and meritorious service." During the war, in 1864, Brady was married to Emeline Wolfe. They would have three children: Arthur, Elizabeth, and Winfield.
Political career.
After the war, Brady resumed his law practice in Muncie, forming a partnership with Arthur C. Mellette. Brady also purchased the Muncie Weekly Times in 1868. In 1870, he was appointed consul to St. Thomas, then a part of the Danish Virgin Islands, where he served until 1875. He was appointed commissioner of internal revenue for Ohio and Indiana that year. The following year, President Ulysses S. Grant appointed Brady second assistant postmaster-general.
In his position with the postal service, Brady became embroiled in the star route scandal. Brady was alleged to have illegally profited in a scheme in which postal officials received bribes in exchange for awarding postal delivery contracts in southern and western areas. President Rutherford B. Hayes sustained Brady in office, but he resigned in 1881. Brady was indicted for conspiracy to defraud the government in 1882. A jury found him guilty, but the judge set aside the verdict. At a second trial the following year, Brady and his co-defendants were found not guilty.
Brady moved to Jersey City, New Jersey, where his son, Arthur, was president of the Union Traction Company. He died there in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="31216106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216106" title="Sebastián López">
Sebastián López

Sebastián Alberto López (born 18 April 1988) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Deportes Temuco as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="31216122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216122" title="Falling out">
Falling out

Falling out or Falling Out may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31216127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216127" title="Eva Adams">
Eva Adams

Eva Bertrand Adams (1908–1991) was the Director of the United States Mint from 1961 to 1969.
Biography.
Eva Adams was born in Wonder, Nevada on September 10, 1908, the daughter of Verner Laur Adams and his wife Cora (Varble) Adams. Her father worked for mining magnate George Wingfield, and was responsible for setting up hotels, commissaries, and bars in Wingfield's mining camps. As such, the family moved around from camp to camp for several years before Adams' mother insisted the family settle down and they settled in Reno, Nevada. Adams graduated from Reno High School at age 14. She then attended the University of Nevada, Reno, graduating in 1928, at age 19.
After graduating from college, Adams moved to Las Vegas, Nevada to become a teacher at Las Vegas High School. During this time, she became involved with the Clark County Democratic Party and was introduced to Pat McCarran.
Adams then attended graduate school at Columbia University, receiving a master's degree in English in 1936. She also went on to obtain an LL.M. from the Georgetown University Law Center and an LL.D. from American University.
She returned to Nevada in 1940 to briefly join the English department of the University of Nevada, Reno; shortly thereafter, Pat McCarran, by now United States Senator for Nevada, invited her to move to Washington, D.C. to become his Administrative Assistant. She worked for Senator McCarran until his death in 1954. She then worked for McCarran's successor, Ernest S. Brown, in 1954, and then Alan Bible from 1954 to 1960.
In 1961, President of the United States John F. Kennedy named Adams Director of the United States Mint, and Adams subsequently held that office from October 1961 until August 1969.
Upon retiring from government service in 1969, Adams worked for Mutual of Omaha for a while, before returning home to Reno.
Adams died in Reno on August 23, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31216142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216142" title="1996–97 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1996–97 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1996–97 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
Regular season.
On March 21, 1996, a new era in Illinois basketball began when Director of Athletics Ron Guenther introduced
Lon Kruger as the University’s 14th men’s basketball coach. Kruger came to Illinois from the University of Florida and carried a list of impressive credentials, including guiding Florida to the Final Four in 1994. In his first year at Illinois, Kruger guided Illinois to a 22-10 record and the second round of the NCAA Tournament. Over the course of the season, Illinois defeated five ranked opponents, including No. 7 Minnesota, 96-90, at the Assembly Hall. Illinois also traveled to Bloomington and handed Indiana a 78-74 loss, the first win for Illinois at Assembly Hall in Bloomington since 1990. During the course of the year, Kiwane Garris etched his name in the Illinois record book with one of the best season performances by any Illini player in history. He finished his career second on the all-time scoring list with 1,948 points and set the single-season record for free throws made and attempted. Garris averaged 19.4 points and missed being the Big Ten’s leading scorer by three one-hundredths of a point.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31216152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216152" title="Heron Island, Maryland">
Heron Island, Maryland

Heron Island is a sandbar located in the Potomac River east-north-east of Saint Clement's Island in St. Mary's County, Maryland. The closest town is Colton's Point, Maryland, 1/2 mile to the north. The island is named for the large numbers of herons seen by the European colonists when they arrived in 1634.

</doc>
<doc id="31216157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216157" title="The Arthur Pequegnat Clock Company">
The Arthur Pequegnat Clock Company

The Arthur Pequegnat Clock Company (1904–1941) is notable as the longest lasting Canadian-based clock manufacturer. Company advertisements explained the pronunciation of the name as "Say Peginaw." 
The family of Arthur Pequegnat immigrated from Switzerland in 1874, and initially started a business of importing watches for the local market in Berlin (now Kitchener, Ontario). By 1897, the family started bicycle production, but switched their focus to clock movements in 1904, and later started making their own cases.
By 1941, the demands of World War II armament makers for brass, the essential ingredient in clock movements, pressed the company to stop production.
The company distinguished itself as a competitor for some of the better American pendulum clocks, such as those made by Seth Thomas. Their clocks often looked like models made by Seth Thomas or Sessions but some of their designs, especially the tall mantle clocks, were unique. For their wooden cases, they favored the heart wood of quarter-sawn white oak that showed off beautiful ray flecks. The designs often had elements of the Arts and Crafts Movement which also favored quarter-sawn white oak.
Most of their model names were based on Canadian cities. According to the Canadian Clock Museum, “approximately sixty-five cataloged models of mantel clock are known, as well as sixteen models of wall clock (with variations) and seven models of grandfather (hall) clock.” Rare samples exist of Pequegnat clocks built into a sideboard, or a grandfather clock/gramophone combination. Pequegnat was also instrumental in the production of parts for the Franco-American Clock Company whose clocks mimicked the German box or Vienna regulators.
Today, their clocks are highly collectible in Canada and command twice the price of similarly styled clocks by well-known American counterparts. One of the aspects that interests collectors is the high number of variants. Collectors can hunt for time-only, time and strike, or either of these with calendar. The company seemed to start a run with one style of trim but then would complete the run with a different style, so that it is not uncommon to find a unique sample that no one else has. The Canada Science and Technology "Museum’s collection includes more than eighty Pequegnat ...clocks, mostly acquired in 1975. This particular collection of clocks is the second largest of its kind in a public collection..." The largest private collection, of over 170 models is held by Skip and Caren Kerr in Edmonton, Alberta and represents over 30 years of collecting.

</doc>
<doc id="31216159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216159" title="Jack Nielsen (tennis)">
Jack Nielsen (tennis)

Jack Fridtjof Charles Hücke Coucheron Nobel Nielsen () (3 August 1896 – 1981) was a Norwegian tennis player. He was a six-time national tennis champion of Norway. 
Biography.
He was born in Egersund to Peter Godtfried Albert Nielsen, a customs chief officer, and Karen Andrea Coucheron Aamodt. He married Anne-Sofie Troye, daughter of a school principal in Trondheim. He was the father of skier Jack Nielsen.
Nielsen graduated as a chemical engineer from the Dresden University of Technology in 1917. In 1921 he earned his doctorate in the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology on Hydrogenation. In 1924 he worked as a brewmaster in Copenhagen. In 1918-19 he became chemist in the Aktieselskab Northern Chromate Industrial. In 1922-31 he was employed by the Christiania Aktie Ølbryggeri Oslo's main beer brewery, where he was promoted the head distiller. Between 1932-46 he switched to Nora Industrier also in Oslo, then in 1946 he moved to the Trondheim subsidiary where he lived and worked as the administrative director to 1962 and managing director to 1965. He finished his last year of his civil career at the E. C. Dahls Brewery from where he retired in 1966. Apart from being the president of several regional and national brewer labor unions and mineral water distributors, he was also the president of the Norwegian Tennis Federation and the Oslo Tennis Club for several years. He also filled in for the governor seat of the Rotary International between 1963-1964.
Tennis career.
Nielsen participated at the 1920 Summer Olympics, where he placed fifth in doubles together with Conrad Langaard. He also competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was a six-time national tennis champion of Norway. In the Davis Cup he never won a single match. In 1922 he was a runner-up for the mixed title of the Hotel Métropole Cup of Cannes alongside Madeline O'Neill of Great Britain but eventually lost to the French duo of Suzanne Lenglen and Jean Borotra. In 1930 he clinched the mixed doubles with his Danish partner Else Støckel of the Western Germany Championships at Krefeld by overcoming the couple of Ody Koopman and his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="31216179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216179" title="World of the Living Dead">
World of the Living Dead

World of the Living Dead "(WoTLD)" : Resurrection is a real-time zombie survival strategy browser game developed using OpenStreetMaps to provide the underlying game world, with in-depth gameplay features to make a browser-based massively multiplayer online role-playing game accessible on desktop, tablet and mobile devices.
The game is set in a post-apocalyptic Los Angeles, overrun by the zombie apocalypse. Players are tasked with commanding, sustaining, and protecting one or more squads of survivors as they roam the deserted streets and fight for survival. Players assume the role of an operative taking a satellite view of the situation, and radioing in orders akin to classic early 90's of the National Emergency Control and Relief Agency (NECRA), a government agency tasked with rebuilding civilization. Players cannot control the survivors individually, but instead use squad-level controls to accomplish objectives. The game has player vs. player PvP, Faction gameplay and player vs. environment PvE elements.
"WoTLD": Resurrection ran its first round of Closed Beta Testing in October 2013. The second test began in December 2013, with the game being released to the public on 21 February 2014.
Developer Background.
World of the Living Dead: Resurrection is developed by Irish indie games developer Ballardia, which consists of Dave Barton and Kulpreet Singh. Dave and Kulpreet were both senior development staff at pre-GameStop "Jolt Online", then known as OMAC Industries, founded by "Dylan Collins", a successful Irish games and technology entrepreneur. He had previously sold "Demonware", to "Activision", and secured a license to develop a game base on the "Zork" series. Dave Barton was Lead Designer for "Legends of Zork", and Kulpreet was "CTO", and Lead Developer on "NationStates 2".
Game Development History - Google Maps based WotLD 2009-2013.
"WoTLD" was originally conceived by Dave Barton in 2007. Development began in mid-2009 with the help of Kulpreet Singh. Open beta was originally planned for December 2010, and featured a game engine that incorporated Google Maps. It went into Closed Beta in late 2010, and Open Beta in 2012. However, the game discovered a killer-bug as the Google Maps API, which the game was built around could not handle large of concurrent players. This meant that the game, which was built around moving through the game's landscape, reacting in real time to noise and other players. Development of all the gameplay elements continued, and the game continued to receive updates until May 2013 when it was announced to be shutting down the following month, allowing the developers to bring the game forward on the new OpenStreetMaps system. In June 2014, servers closed, allowing the developers to refocus all efforts to rerelease the game as World of the Living Dead: Resurrection.
Game Development History - OpenStreetMaps based WotLD 2013-Present.
In early 2013 the developers chose OpenStreetMaps as a replacement. The first phase of Closed Beta Testing began on 10 October 2013 with over 300 testers, which ended in late November 2013 after initial bug fixes were rapidly deployed, and rebalancing of all metrics tweaked regularly. This shut down in November 2013, allowing the developers some time to address many issues, and re-boot the game to run a full cycle of the game, based on achieving a Faction-based end-game goal of researching a solution to the Zombocolypse.
The second round of Closed Beta Testing began on 1 December 2013, and ended on 21 February 2014, with the removal of the beta key requirement, a rebalancing of the cooldowns to allow regular solo sessions throughout the day, and updates to allow single players to win the game. The developer have promised a Championship Trophy, which will be webcast, and the winner(s) will have their name engraved on the trophy as Round 1 Winners.
Gameplay.
The interface of WoTLD makes use of OpenStreetMaps and is set in a post-Apocalyptic Los Angeles . Much of the gameplay consists of moving around the game world, a grid made up of 500m x 500m squares with occasional skirmishes with the zombies and the injuries that occur from such battles. In each zome, players have options to engage "zeds" scavenge for items, engage opponents, collect research samples or construct safehouses.
There are several thousand locations on the map, once a player has moved his/her team onto these locations several actions become available. These actions range from scavenging the zone for resources to tagging the walls to mark your passing. Squads are marked with small icons on the map, and opposing players, as well as notable buildings are scattered around the map. Movement consists of moving through the game world step by step. Combat is not "seen" first-hand, instead popping up as a series of combat reports, detailing any injuries, kills and/or deaths. As your characters progress, fear, and fatigue start to take its toll, making your survivors less efficient.
With a complex system of needs, food and water become a critical resource in the game and players must also manage hunger and thirst. After passing a certain amount of days at maximum thirst or hunger, survivors will go AWOL, moving to a random location on the map, from which they need to be recovered by the player. Hunger and dehydration will also hinder the survivor's performance, slowing him/her down in combat, making them an easier target. Thus, every expedition must be carefully planned before ordering your people to leave the relative safety of your safehouse. Players who return between gameplay sessions to their safehouse will see their health recover, and fear and fatigue drop, and these can be sped up through development of the appropriate skills.
Instead of defining hordes as specific beings, or even as a number, "WoTLD" uses a unique definition of "z-density", defining the density of zombies within a block instead of the actually zombie count. Level of density is defined by a scale of colors, providing a better visual at a first glance.
Community.
After entering closed beta, World of the Living Dead attracted a rather large portion of French gamers. Due to the nature of the invitation system used for beta key distribution and being featured in a French gaming magazine, a good portion of the player population are French, leading to the creation of many in-game factions solely populated by French players. Regardless, the major portion of the population consists of English-speaking players, due to the game only being available in English. Although there is a decent amount of players residing in the United States, WoTLD has expanded to become an international game, welcoming players from any country.
The original World of the Living Dead had over 42,000 players, with a large number of French players. Over three hundred players participated in the first round of beta testing between October and November 2013, and several thousand have participated in the second test which began in December 2013. The game maintains an active presence on social media, and features a detailed developer blog, and an active community through the game's forum and in-game IRC channel.

</doc>
<doc id="31216184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216184" title="Alan Brice">
Alan Brice

Alan Healey Brice (born October 1, 1937) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Chicago White Sox in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="31216191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216191" title="Huating Lake">
Huating Lake

Huating Lake (), also known as the Hualiangting Reservoir (花凉亭水库 "Huāliángtíng Shuĭkù"), is a large scale reservoir in Taihu County, Anqing City, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, used for the purposes of flood control, hydro-electric power generation, agricultural irrigation, transport and tourism. The lake is a National Scenic Area, National 4A Tourist Attraction and demonstration site for agro-tourism.
Damming of the lake to create a reservoir began in 1958 and continued until 1962. There was then an eight-year hiatus until 1970 when construction resumed. Fundamental infrastructure was in place by 1976 and the project completed in 2001.
On October 26, 2009, a 2.1 billion RMB, 23 month reinforcement program began at the reservoir. 
The reservoir provides irrigation for Susong County, Wangjiang County, Huaining County and the eastern part of Taihu County, a total area of some 1.05 million Chinese acres.

</doc>
<doc id="31216197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216197" title="Rocksmith">
Rocksmith

Rocksmith is a music video game produced by Ubisoft, based on the technology in the unreleased project "Guitar Rising". The game's main focus is the unique feature that allows players to plug in virtually any electric guitar and play. In North America, it was released on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 platforms in October 2011. Rocksmith was released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 during September 2012 in Australian and European markets and October 2012 in Japan. A Windows version was released on October 16, 2012 after several delays.
An expansion adding bass guitar compatibility became available on August 14, 2012. A second release which integrates the bass expansion as well as additional refinements became available on October 16, 2012. "Rocksmith 2014" is a 2013 replacement of the original "Rocksmith".
Gameplay.
"Rocksmith" requires the use of the real tone cable, a USB cable that connects to the standard  in (6.35 mm) output jack of most electric guitars. Other guitars, such as acoustic guitars, may require additional hardware, such as a pickup. Though players can provide their own guitar, "Rocksmith" was also sold as bundle that includes the game and adapter, an Epiphone Les Paul Junior guitar, strap, and 2 picks.
Within the game, the player progresses along a career (separately for guitar and bass) where more songs, game modes, and challenges open up as the player earns Rocksmith points.
In the normal game mode, playing with a song, the player is presented with a display that shows a representation of the guitar's fretboard, divided by numbered frets and colored strings. Notes represented as colored rectangles, matching the color of the guitar string(s) to be held down, move from the background to the foreground along numbered lanes reflecting the fret position. The notes turn 90 degrees at the moment that they should be strummed; additional markers are provided to help with timing of future notes. Additionally, the game shows an ideal position for the player's hand on the fretboard for the current segment of the song, moving this up and down as necessary. Lyrics to the song, if any, are shown in a karaoke-style under the background note pattern, but otherwise do not impact gameplay. Prior to playing any song, the game has the player check the tuning of the guitar.
A core feature of normal play is the game's ability to adjust the note density – effectively the difficulty – of the current song based on the player's performance to that point. Each song is split into a number of phrases, and depending on how accurate the player is during a phrase, a subsequent phrase may provide more difficult note patterns. If the player's accuracy is not good during a phrase, the subsequent one will fall back to a lower difficulty level. The player gets points for each note hit, and thus staying at higher difficulty levels can earn more points, but it is impossible for the player to fail a song. In some cases, if the player is missing too many notes, the game will pause the song to allow the player to readjust their hand position and make sure they strum the right note before proceeding. The game saves the last note density level that the player completed a song at, and will use that level at the start of the next play through that song.
As the player completes songs or other games modes within the career, they earn "Rocksmith points", similar to experience points, which unlock additional features. New venues, shown in the background of the main gameplay screens and having subtle influences on the sound of the guitar or bass, and new guitars and basses become available, as well as additional game modes. Some of these modes in the game are designed to help the player practice specific techniques. Technique Challenges, for both guitar and bass, give practice to some of the common tricks for the two instruments, such as hammer-ons/pull-offs, Chords, and Power Chords for guitar, and two-finger plucking and syncopation for bass. Each song can also be played in a Riff Repeater mode, where the player can select a specific section of song to practice and perfect, with options on controlling the speed and note density level. A "Guitarcade" becomes available after completing one of the Technique Challenges, which incorporates that technique into a mini-game element, such as "Ducks", a "Galaga"-like shoot-em-up, where the player must get their fretboard positions correct to fire on targets approaching in various lanes. Finally, the player can gain access to a free play mode, which uses amplifier modeling to simulate the sound of a guitar as played through stage equipment. The modeling supports a variety of virtual hardware components, such as effects pedals and amplifiers, which can also be unlocked through career mode. Each song includes a custom sound bank referred to as an "authentic tone" designed to make the player's guitar sound as close to the original guitar tone of the song as possible, though they can override these with the virtual pedals and amplifiers.
Development.
"Rocksmith" has its origins in a project called "Guitar Rising". "Guitar Rising" was developed by Game Tank, a small startup business, and was showcased at the 2008 Game Developers Conference. The game, at that time, was more of a technology demonstration, to display the ability of proprietary hardware – a USB cable that plugged into the audio-out jack of nearly any electric guitar – to determine what notes and chords the player was performing, instead of the typical note-matching gameplay of games like "Guitar Hero" or "Rock Band". The demonstration at GDC featured gameplay elements that would be taken into "Rocksmith"; the interface would show notes colored by string and numbered by fret, and that as the player progressed in the song, the difficulty or note-density would change to reflect how well the player was doing, as to avoid frustrating the player with too-difficult charts. Jake Parks of Game Tank had stated at the time that they were looking to release the game in late 2008, anticipating a soundtrack of about thirty songs depending on licensing. Later, the title was pushed to a 2009 release.
About the same time, Ubisoft's president of North American operations, Laurent Detoc, challenged its San Francisco development team to develop their own game, as until this time, the studio only had supported external developers. The music game field was of interest; as stated by Detoc, "I just could not believe the amount of waste that had gone in people spending so much time with plastic guitars". The studio was able to acquire Game Tank and the "Guitar Rising" technology, bringing aboard Parks and his lead designer Nick Bonardi as Ubisoft employees. The Ubisoft studio team of about 60 were led by Paul Cross and Nao Higo, and set about to transform the "Guitar Rising" into a retail product over a period of about two years. Developer Jason Schroeder referred to the state of "Guitar Rising" as a "PC tech demo of note recognition" and set about redesigning the HUD so that non-guitarists could understand the game better. It had been laid-out as a horizontal scrolling tablature, but this was found to be too difficult for non-guitarists to work with, and as the game was meant for anyone to be able to play, a vertical scrolling note chart was created instead.
Original Soundtrack (2011 Version).
As of the day of release, the full list of songs is available on "Rocksmith"'s website.
Radiohead's "Bodysnatchers" and Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird" were included with pre-orders of the game.
In addition, there are 6 tracks from the developers that are unlockable in the journey mode when double encores are reached in a set:
Reception.
"Rocksmith" was released in the US on October 18, 2011, to mostly positive reviews. Aggregating review website Metacritic rated the PlayStation 3 version 80/100, the PC version 78/100, and the Xbox 360 version 77/100. Curtis Silver of Wired gave the game a 9/10, praising the intuitive nature of the note track and wrote that ""Rocksmith" is an amazing learning tool for the guitar. The eventual progression of rhythm games was to get to this point, where you are playing real instruments and actually learning how to play, rather than some sort of cartoonish emulation." Ania Kwak of GamingExcellence gave the game a 9.8, stating that "It's rare to find a game that encompasses a teaching tool as effective as Rocksmith, with virtually no negatives to observe, while still being enjoyable to play." Adam Dulge of PlayStation Universe praised the game and gave it an 8.5: "Rocksmith is an absolute must buy for anyone slightly interested in learning how to truly rock." Amy Flower of Gamesblip was very impressed, rating the game 9/10: ""Rocksmith"’s adaptability to your particular chops kicks arse. If you’ve never touched a geetaw you’ll probably squonk like a Sonic Youth b-side, but patience and dedication brings reward."
However, Jordan Mallory of Joystiq gave the game a mediocre 2½/5 on the day of its release, stating that "...Rocksmith fails as both an educational platform and as a rhythm title, despite its groundbreaking technological foundations." Ben Kuchera of Ars Technica said the game is "not terrible", but that it "fails as a way to learn guitar" due to lag, the automated difficulty adjustments, and the way the unlock system is implemented.
Name controversy.
When Ubisoft applied for a European trademark on the name "Rocksmith" in March 2011, an official opposition was filed by a band of the same name from Southend, England. The band claims to have been using the name for four years and had it registered for eight.

</doc>
<doc id="31216215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216215" title="Hackmatack National Wildlife Refuge">
Hackmatack National Wildlife Refuge

The Hackmatack National Wildlife Refuge is a newly established United States national wildlife refuge that will include noncontiguous properties, especially tallgrass prairie patches, wetland properties, and oak savanna parcels, located in the northwestern region of the Chicago metropolitan area and the southern part of the Milwaukee area. The refuge's boundaries encompass parts of McHenry County, Illinois, and Walworth County, Wisconsin. The refuge will be operated by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, known as USFWS. 85 percent of the refuge will be in Illinois, and 15 percent in Wisconsin.
The refuge will cover 11,200 acres of land in Illinois and Wisconsin, which will complement 23,000 acres already acquired for public use or under environmental protection as of 2011. Existing parklands adjacent to the proposed refuge's boundaries include several McHenry County Conservation District areas 
The name Hackmatack is an Algonquin term for the American tamarack or Larix laricina, a conifer formerly abundant in regional wetlands. "Hackmatack" was the word used by many language groups in the Algonquin language group, including the Potawatomi, the tribe that most intensively utilized this ecosystem at the time this area was first mapped in the 17th and 18th centuries. 
109 separate threatened or endangered species, including 49 species of birds, are listed within the area being studied for the proposed refuge designation. Examples of endangered fauna that find a home within the boundaries of the proposed refuge include the Blanding's turtle.
History.
The Hackmatack wetlands were a traditional home to the Potawatomi tribe of Native Americans of the United States, who utilized them for fishing, waterfowl hunting, and the gathering of plants used as food and medicine.
During the rapid population growth of the 20th century, many of the wetlands within the Hackmatack ecosystem were drained and altered for residential development, while others, such as Volo Bog State Natural Area near Fox Lake, Illinois, were preserved.
Current status.
In October 2010, USFWS held four meetings, two each in Illinois and Wisconsin, to discuss plans for the proposed refuge. In addition, the USFWS continued to accept public comments on the proposed refuge into 2011. The USFWS stated that they expected to release a draft environmental assessment of the proposal in late spring 2011.
Following this comment procedure, the USFWS designated the proposed refuge for approval in August 2012. The refuge will not be officially established until legal interest in lands are acquired, through purchase or donation. The legal interest may encompass anything from fee simple ownership to conservation easement. Purchase of land interest is dependent upon congressional approval and appropriation of funds.
Lands in Lake County, Illinois, Kenosha County, Wisconsin, and Racine County, Wisconsin were considered for inclusion in the new refuge, but were left outside its boundaries in the August 2012 announcement. 
The State of Illinois announced acquisition of the first parcel land designated for inclusion in the new refuge, a 72-acre plot in northern McHenry County, in February 2013. The acquisition was made for $511,000. Acquisition of the land by a public-sector body triggered the completion of the legal act of creating the new refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="31216221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216221" title="Conrad Langaard (tennis)">
Conrad Langaard (tennis)

Conrad Langaard (6 August 1890 – 24 December 1950) was a Norwegian tennis player.
He was born in Kristiania as a son of merchant and factory owner Rasmus Agerup Langaard (1860–1908) and his wife Laura Nannestad Holmboe (b. 1869). His paternal grandfather was Conrad Langaard (1823–1897), founder of the company of the same name. As such he was a grandnephew of Mads Langaard, and a first cousin once removed of Christian Langaard and a second cousin of Johan Henrik Langaard.
He represented the club Oslo TK. He participated at the Summer Olympics in 1912, 1920 and 1924. In 1912 he placed fifth in doubles, and in 1920 he placed fifth in doubles together with Jack Nielsen.

</doc>
<doc id="31216224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216224" title="Beaten by Them">
Beaten by Them

Beaten by Them is a multi-national San Francisco/Melbourne/New York quintet combining cello, guitars, bass, drums and electronics.
Musical style.
Beaten by Them's music is generally categorized as post-rock, but has been noted for being difficult to narrow to one specific genre. The band incorporates elements of rock, jazz, ambient, drone and electronic styles and draws comparisons to classical music through its prominent use of cello and compositional style. The cinematic scope of the music has also been likened to film directors such as Werner Herzog and David Lynch.
History.
The band was started by Harris and McCormick in early 2005. McCormick was interested in applying the ideas he'd had producing electronic music, particularly with regards to structure, to the guitar based music that Harris was coming up with. McCormick had also been profoundly influenced by his experiences making fully improvised music with San Francisco band Whirr. They enlisted bassist Matheson (whose former band had once opened for Kiss) and began experimentation in an artist basement subspace in the Lower Haight. Their neighbor in the subspace, Swedish-native Bjorkbom, had recently given up experimenting hooking up machines to make trance music, and decided to go full tilt back into playing jazz drums. McCormick managed to convince him that he could approach this band's music like jazz. Tucker joined the band after overhearing a phone conversation on the street between McCormick and Harris about needing to find a cellist. That first year they recorded their first demo, resulting in one track which later got released: Steam. Their first public performance was at the Connecticut Yankee in San Francisco in November 2005.
Both Australians, Harris and McCormick moved to Melbourne at the end of 2005, but decided to try to keep the band going regardless of geography. They returned to the USA in May 2006 to tour on the West Coast, as well as record their first album, Signs of Life, at Tiny Telephone, San Francisco over 3 days. Post-production was carried out by Harris and McCormick themselves upon return to their Logicpole studio in Melbourne. The album was released in December 2007 via Thrill Jockey. The original lineup came apart after when Bjorkbom and Matheson had issues preventing them traveling to Europe where the band was booked to play.
McCormick asked his longtime friend Murray to play bass who enlisted drummer Ardziejewski (pronounced "RJFski") to join the band. The band toured the USA in August 2008 with this new lineup and then recorded their second album, Invisible Origins, in Portland, Oregon at Klickitat Studios during April 2009. In addition to their usual instrumentation, they incorporated acoustic instruments like piano, vibraphone and trumpet, as well as considerable computer generated/processed sound. Although the mixing was completed by the end of 2009, it took them all of 2010 to select material and complete Invisible Origins. The album was released in February 2011. In November 2011 the People Start Listening EP was released, which saw the band move deeper into ambient and electronic territory.
Harris and McCormick currently reside in Melbourne, Murray and Ardziejewski in San Francisco and Tucker in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="31216239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216239" title="Today and Now">
Today and Now

Today and Now is an album by American jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Steven McDonald awarded the album 4 stars stating "Not always the most compelling title from the Hawkins catalog, the record at least has the virtue of both being listenable and worthy of somewhat deeper inspection". 
Track listing.
"Recorded on September 9, 1962 (1-4) and 11, 1962 (5-7)."

</doc>
<doc id="31216246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216246" title="Monkey Quest">
Monkey Quest

Monkey Quest is an MMO geared toward children's multi-player gameplay. It was developed by Nickelodeon Virtual Worlds Group and launched in March 2011. It was showcased at GDC in 2011.
Story.
The player's monkey enters the land of Ook. The player is then able to travel around and meet new inhabitants of the virtual world. The player needs to complete multiple quests along the way. He/she can meet friends, buy new objects, visit the Mayor Bumbee, battle monsters and much more. As the user plays, his/her
monkey unlocks more lands, discovers more about the legendary Monkey King, and can become a tribal leader.
Tribes.
There are five monkey tribes available:
Quests.
There are a lot of Quests in the game. There are 4 different kinds of Quests.
Main Quests.
Main Quests can only be done once by every player. As the player levels up their character, main quests will get harder to complete.
Daily Quests.
Daily Quests can be done once a day by any player, regardless of their current level. 
Side Quests.
Side Quests - Quests that can be done in addition to the other quest types.
Multiplayer Quests.
Quests that require 2 or more players
Most of these may only require 2, but some require 3 players. A Pet can also help in these quests.
Stages.
There are 5 kinds of different types of Quests in Monkey Quest. Each type depends on which section of Ook the player is in.
Due to an update, all players (non-members and members) can access trails. This followed the deletion of NC Trail Keys and Guest Passes.
Gameplay.
Controls.
In the game, to explore the worlds of Ook, players use the arrow keys on their keyboard. Jumping is controlled by pressing the space bar and the arrow keys in the direction they wish to go. Pressing the space bar then down while in midair makes them do a divebomb like attack. Also pressing control (CTRL) or x next to characters will allow the player to access new quests and learn new information about Ook and its residents. The game has five equippable hot keys (C,V,B,N,M) to control weapons, potions, pets and any other items players wish to access quickly.
This may take awhile but it eventually comes.
Currency.
There are two types of currency in Monkey Quest. The main type of currency is bananas, which are commonly earned from quests and can be used at a vendor to buy items, whilst the other currency, NC (Nick Cash) can to be bought with real money or can be earned by levelling up and can be used to buy items from the NC mall which is located at the bottom right corner of the screen in Monkey Quest.
Membership.
There are membership plans that allow you to pay in real life money for special features in the game such as access to all trails, ability to join each tribe, and so on. 
Possibility of a film adaptation.
In August 2012, "Variety" reported that Paramount Animation (which like Nickelodeon is owned by Viacom) was in the process of starting development of several animated movies with budgets of around USD 100 million. According to "Variety", the intellectual property for these films, which is to be supplied by Nickelodeon among others, includes "Monkey Quest".

</doc>
<doc id="31216282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216282" title="Jack Nielsen (skier)">
Jack Nielsen (skier)

Jack Nielsen (born 7 October 1923) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Oslo, and is the son of Jack Nielsen. He represented the club IL Heming. He participated at the 1948 Winter Olympics in Saint Moritz, where he competed in slalom.
He won the slalom event at the Norwegian championships in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="31216285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216285" title="Aphyllorchis queenslandica">
Aphyllorchis queenslandica

Aphyllorchis queenslandica, or yellow pauper orchid, is a terrestrial orchid in the genus "Aphyllorchis", or pauper orchids.
Description.
"Aphyllorchis queenslandica" is a terrestrial orchid up to about tall. It is endemic to Far North Queensland, Australia. It ranges from close to sea level up to about . The plants lack chlorophyll and live as saprophytes. Bracts or 'leaves' have three longitudinal and parallel veins.
The sepals are about and petals about The labellum is larger, and cream-coloured with purple upturned margins. The column, composed of the stamen fused to the style, has a purple base, but is yellow towards the top, and is about The ovary is about , with six external longitudinal ribs.
The inflorescence is about long, and usually has 6–12 flowers about wide on pedicels about long.

</doc>
<doc id="31216293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216293" title="William H. Brett">
William H. Brett

William Howard Brett (December 31, 1893 – April 10, 1989) was Director of the United States Mint from 1954 to 1961.
Biography.
William H. Brett, the son of William Howard Brett, was a native of Cleveland. He served in the United States Army during World War I and was educated at Dartmouth College. After college, he returned to Ohio and went into business.
In 1954, President of the United States Dwight D. Eisenhower nominated Brett to be Director of the United States Mint, and Brett held this post from July 1954 to January 1961. He was a contestant on "What's My Line?" on November 25, 1956.
After retiring from the Mint, Brett served as a financial consultant.
Brett died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Palm Desert, California on April 10, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="31216327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216327" title="Minuscule 861 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 861 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 861 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A601 (von Soden), is a 16th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript has complex context.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 510 paper leaves (size ), with a catena. The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page.
The biblical text is surrounded by a catena. The commentary is of Peter of Laodicea.
The manuscript is ornamented. It contains scholia, the text was corrected.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
F. H. A. Scrivener and C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 16th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 16th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (674e) and Gregory (861e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library (Gr. 1090), in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="31216343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216343" title="Sverre Lassen-Urdahl">
Sverre Lassen-Urdahl

Sverre Lassen-Urdahl (1913–2005) was a Norwegian alpine skier, born in Lake Forest, Illinois, United States. He participated at the 1948 Winter Olympics in Saint Moritz, where he competed in the downhill, tying 11th.

</doc>
<doc id="31216349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216349" title="Uredo rangelii">
Uredo rangelii

Uredo rangelii, commonly known as Myrtle Rust, is a fungal plant pathogen native to South America that affects plants in the family Myrtaceae. It is a member of the fungal complex called the guava rust ("Puccinia psidii")] group. The spores have a distinctive yellow to orange colour, occasionally encircled by a purple ring. They are found on lesions on new growth including shoots, leaves, buds and fruits. Leaves become twisted and may die. Infections in highly susceptible species may result in the death of the host plant.
As of late 2013, it is infecting around 179 species in New South Wales and Queensland, from 41 genera (around 46% of genera in the Myrtaceae) in Australia.
Taxonomy.
The rust was first described scientifically in 2006 by mycologists J.A. Simpson, K. Thomas, and Cheryl Grgurinovic.
Development and symptoms.
Myrtle rust is typically characterised by the appearance of urediniospores on the underside of the leaf, though urediniospores may also be found on the top of the leaf or on young stems. Initially, the disease appears as small purple or red brown flecks with a faint chlorotic halo on the leaf surface, which coalesce to form bright yellow pustules. As the rust develops, these pustules often fade to a grey brown colour. A high degree of pustule coalescence can result in distortion of the leaf. Myrtle rust also makes plants more susceptible to secondary infections, which may occur within days of the initial appearance of the pustules.
Favourable conditions that increase the infection rate include: new tissue; high humidity; free water on plant surface for more than 6 hours; moderate temperatures, around 15–25°C. Low light conditions (minimum of 8 hours) after spore contact can increase germination.
The main ways in which myrtle rust can be spread are by: the movement of infected plant material, the movement of contaminated equipment, wind, water and gravity, animals, humans and/or vehicles.
Myrtle rust may remain on a single host plant to complete its life cycle, which can be as short as 10–14 days.
As an invasive species in Australia.
Myrtle rust was first recorded in Australia in mid-2010 and currently poses a major threat to the continent's ecosystem given that almost 80 per cent of Australian native trees are Mytraceae, most indigenous species rely on healthy trees for their survival. Additionally it poses a major threat to Australia's primary industry sector. Its current range includes much of the eastern coastal fringe of the Australian mainland.
Initial detection was in April 2010 in Gosford in the Central Coast region of New South Wales. It was initially quarantined and eradication thought viable. The New South Wales government spent $5 million attempting to eradicate the disease. However, efforts to contain it failed and it spread rapidly north and south along the eastern coast. In response to the increasing threat, a Myrtle Rust National Management Group was formed on 2 July 2010 with the aim of eradication however due to the extent of its spread at that point of time, the group conceded that it had become impossible to eradicate.
By December 2010, it had significantly spread north along the coast and recorded in South East Queensland with isolated cases in Far North Queensland cities of Cairns and Townsville. In January 2012, an isolated myrtle rust outbreak was reported in Victoria beginning in Melbourne's southern and eastern suburbs. Initial attempts to contain it were unsuccessful and by April, 2012 it had spread across much of the state via regional cities.
Host genera.
Species within the following plant genera have been recorded with the infection:
Management.
The original plan to eradicate myrtle rust was declared to be infeasible by the Myrtle Rust National Management Group in December 2010. The Myrtle Rust Response Plan was cancelled and focus was placed on minimising the spread and the impacts on myrtle rust. The Australian Government, through the Department of Agriculture Fisheries and Forestry (DAFF), established the Myrtle Rust Coordination Group to manage the investment of $1.5 million of research funding. The management plan consists of six main sections: coordination and communication, immediate disease management, taxonomy and identity of the pathogen, potential impact and distribution, chemical control options and resistance breeding options. This management plan should be applied to all species in the Myrtaceae family, within all industries.
To minimise the risk of increasing the distribution of myrtle rust, several precautions can be undertaken. These precautions include: not moving plant matter from one site to another; minimising pathogen spread by arriving and leaving each site clean of the pathogen, and avoiding areas that may contain myrtle rust-infected plant matter.

</doc>
<doc id="31216372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216372" title="Thomas Plesters">
Thomas Plesters

Thomas Plesters is a Belgian former rower from Gent near Brussels. He was stroke of the winning Thames Challenge Cup eight in 2001. After Oscar De Somville of the Royal Club Nautique de Gand in the early nineteenth century, he was the most important Belgian (stroke) of that club in the late 20th and early 21st century.
Achievements.
Henley Royal Regatta
Thames Challenge Cup Gold

</doc>
<doc id="31216378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216378" title="John McDonogh High School">
John McDonogh High School

John McDonogh Senior High School is a public high school in the Mid-City neighborhood of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. As of 2013 it is a charter school operated by "Future Is Now."
History.
It was originally an all-girls school, and later a co-ed all-white school, but was racially integrated after 1967. Of the New Orleans public schools, it once had an academic reputation second only to Benjamin Franklin High School. John McDonogh has a vast sport history, winning district in football, baseball, and basketball a combined 83 times in its 109 year history. Prior to Hurricane Katrina it had an average enrollment of 1,200 making it one of the largest high school per enrollment in Orleans Parish School Board. It has a current enrollment of 513 post Katrina.
John McDonogh became the center of national news when on April 14, 2003 10th grade student Jonathan "Caveman" Williams was shot and killed in the school crowded gymnasium during P.E.
In 2010 Paul Vallas, the superintendent of the Recovery School District, said that McDonogh should be converted into a charter school. Some teachers argued against the charter conversion. As of 2010 nobody has filed an application to convert McDonogh.
Around 2012 "Future is Now" took over all grades at John McDonogh.
As of February 2013 John McDonogh is being featured on a 6 episode reality series entitled "Blackboard Wars" on Oprah Winfrey Network. Sandra Ewell, a woman quoted in an article by "WWL-TV", argued "They're calling this school the worst school in America. These children are living up to that. They're giving it very negative connotations. These children have to go to school with that title and that's wrong."

</doc>
<doc id="31216436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216436" title="Hans Magnus Andresen">
Hans Magnus Andresen

Hans Magnus Andresen (1929 – 1976) was a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Oslo, and represented the club Njård IL. He participated at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo, where he competed in slalom and giant slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="31216468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216468" title="Pambrun, Saskatchewan">
Pambrun, Saskatchewan

Pambrum is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada, near Swift Current.

</doc>
<doc id="31216494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216494" title="Gauteng Provincial Legislature">
Gauteng Provincial Legislature

The Gauteng Provincial Legislature is the legislature of the South African province of Gauteng. It is a unicameral body of 73 members elected every five years. The current legislature, the fourth, was elected on 22 April 2009 and has an African National Congress majority of 47 members. The legislature is housed in Johannesburg City Hall in central Johannesburg.
The Gauteng Provincial Legislature, like the eight other provincial legislatures in South Africa, was created on 27 April 1994 by the Interim Constitution of South Africa, which dissolved the four original provinces (and their provincial councils) and created the nine current provinces. It is currently constituted in terms of Chapter Six of the Constitution of South Africa, which defines the structure of the provincial governments.
Election.
The provincial legislature consists of 73 members, who are elected through a system of party list proportional representation with closed lists. In other words, each voter casts a vote for one political party, and seats in the legislature are allocated to the parties in proportion to the number of votes received. The seats are then filled by members in accordance with lists submitted by the parties before the election.
The legislature is elected for a term of five years, unless it is dissolved early. This may occur if the legislature votes to dissolve and it is at least three years since the last election, or if the Premiership falls vacant and the legislature fails to elect a new Premier within ninety days. By convention all nine provincial legislatures and the National Assembly are elected on the same day.
The most recent election was held on 7 May 2014. The following table summarises the results.
The following table shows the composition of the provincial parliament after past elections and floor-crossing periods.
Powers.
The Gauteng Provincial Legislature elects the Premier of Gauteng, the head of the provincial executive. The legislature can force the Premier to resign by passing a motion of no confidence, or remove her for misconduct or inability. Although the Executive Council (cabinet) is chosen by the Premier, the legislature may pass a motion of no confidence to force the Premier to reconstitute the Council. The legislature also appoints Gauteng's delegates to the National Council of Provinces, allocating delegates to parties in proportion to the number of seats each party holds in the legislature.
The legislature has the power to pass legislation in various fields enumerated in the national constitution; in some fields the legislative power is shared with the national parliament, while in others it is reserved to the province alone. The fields include such matters as health, education (except universities), agriculture, housing, environmental protection, and development planning.
The legislature oversees the administration of the provincial government, and the Premier and the members of the Executive Council are required to report to the legislature on the performance of their responsibilities. The legislature also controls the finances of the provincial government by way of the appropriation bills which determine the provincial budget.
Officers.
The Speaker is the political head of the legislature, and is assisted by a Deputy Speaker. the Speaker is Lindiwe Maseko and her deputy is Stewart Ngwenya; they are both members of the African National Congress. The following people have served as Speaker:

</doc>
<doc id="31216499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216499" title="List of Copa do Brasil winners">
List of Copa do Brasil winners

The Copa do Brasil is an annual football competitions for clubs in Brazil established in 1989. With the exception of those teams competing in that season's Copa Libertadores, the competitions is open to all the top teams of Brazil's various state league, as well as the top ten clubs in the country. Sixty-four teams qualify and compete in a two-legged single elimination tournament that culminates in the finals. The finals is contested over two legs at each of the opponents' home field.
Thirteen teams have won the competition. Grêmio and Cruzeiro is the most successful teams in the history of the competition, having won it four times. Teams from São Paulo state have won the tournament seven times, more than any other states. No team has ever won the tournament consecutively. In fact, from 2001 to 2012, such a feat was impossible, as teams who won the tournament were not been allowed to defend their title on the following year due to scheduling conflicts with the Copa Libertadores. Starting in 2013, the Copa do Brasil was rescheduled so that it instead conflicts with the Copa Sudamericana. Thus, it is again possible for teams to defend their titles.
Key.
Especially short competitions such as the Recopa Sudamericana, Intercontinental Cup (now defunct), or FIFA Club World Cup are not generally considered to contribute towards a Double or Treble.

</doc>
<doc id="31216501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216501" title="History of Canadian University College">
History of Canadian University College

Canadian University College is an independent publicly funded university located in Lacombe. It is sponsored by the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Canada and is affiliated with the Association of Theological Schools. The school's official mission statement is to educate learners to think with discernment, to believe with insight and commitment and to act with confidence, compassion, and competence. The college places emphasis on service in local and global communities. The history of the college begins in the pioneer days of Alberta.
Pioneer Adventists in Alberta.
Adventists first came to Alberta in 1895. They were colporteurs Thomas Astleford and George W. Sowler. Sowler was the field agent for Manitoba and the Northwest, which included Alberta. Astleford and Sowler both sold "Bible Readings". Astleford left Winnipeg and went to Edmonton. Sowler stopped off at Calgary and started work there. Sowler sold about two hundred copies of Bible Readings in Calgary. He also sold books to the ranchers from Calgary to Fort Macleod from the Bow River to the foothills. He worked in Edmonton and Fort Saskatchewan and the mountain towns as far as Revelstoke. Eastward, he worked along the main line of the Canadian Pacific Railway to Port Arthur.
Thomas Astleford began in the Edmonton. He then sold books in the towns along the railroad to the south. His work led to the first converts in the province; Gustave Litke of Leduc and Dr. Menzel and his family, of Stony Plain. Litke shared his new faith with his German friends. In response to their request, H. J. Dirksen was sent from Manitoba. Dirksen led in the organizing of a church at Leduc on May 14, 1898, the first SDA church in the Northwest Territories.
Up until 1903, the work of the Adventist church in Alberta was administered as part of the Manitoba Mission. Beginning in 1901, the Adventist Church reorganized itself to include union conferences. These new units of administration took over from the General Conference the management of local conferences in their region. The Northern Union Conference, established in 1902, managed the work of the Adventist church in Minnesota, South Dakota, North Dakota, Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta. In 1906, the Alberta Mission was organized into the Alberta Conference. A year later, the Western Canadian Union Conference was formed. It comprised the conferences of British Columbia, Alberta, and Manitoba and the Saskatchewan Mission. (See the map) 
The newly organized Alberta Conference consisted of about 180 members. At the conference's first meeting, delegates took two actions regarding education. They voted to conduct a three months Canvassers' School. Second, they voted "to build up the church school work in the Conference as fast as possible." Veteran educator, Percy T. Magan, helped with the proceedings. He represented the General Conference.
The Leduc School.
Canadian University College traces its roots to Alberta Academy, the first Seventh-day Adventist secondary school in Alberta. It began operations in January, 1907 in Leduc. That first year, the school located in a rented building in town. The conference vote to conduct a three month's convasser's school had become a reality.
They held their first chapel exercise, at nine a. m. Friday, January fourth. Nine students were present. In the next three weeks the number had increased to seventeen. Student nationalities reveal the cultural diversity of pioneer life in Alberta: English, Scotch, French, Swede, German, Canadian and mixtures from the States.
Subjects taught included Bible, grammar, geography, physiology, arithmetic, reading and "Great Controversy." They planned to study other books as soon as it was determined which books would be sold in the Alberta Conference in the upcoming sales season. This illustrates the "Canvassers" nature of the curriculm. But, the Alberta Conference leadership had a broader vision for this school. Alberta Conference President, and principal of the school, C. A. Burman states, "a seed has been sown which will ripen into a well equipped intermediate school in due season." 
An elementary church school started in that same month of January in the same rented building with Effie Russell Olson as teacher.
Within a year, the Alberta conference had purchased a farm of 160 acres three miles west of Leduc. They erected temporary buildings on the farm so the school, Alberta Industrial Academy, could operate there in the next school year. A farm school better suited their educational ideals. Students could do work on the farm and be free from distracting influences of town life. The farm came with 100 acres of cultivated timothy grass, considered a valuable crop. President Burman and his wife lived on the farm and had charge of the school during this early formative period. There were 36 students and three teachers.
Forty-nine students enrolled for the 1908-1909 school year, most of them "mature young men." The weather that winter was severe. "For several nights the thermometer registered 50° to 60° below zero," the boys' dean, Joseph L. Stansbury, writes, "and we are not very well protected from cold. Some of the coldest nights it registered as low as 20° below zero in our sleeping-rooms. Two families are living in tents on the school farm, that they may have the advantages of the school. In spite of all this exposure and the bitter cold, we are all enjoying good health. Nothing more serious has resulted than a few frosted ears, noses, fingers, and toes. We are confident that students who cheerfully endure these disagreeable features, and do not allow our meager and inadequate accommodations to hinder or discourage them in their educational work, are gaining an experience that will be a very essential qualification for missionary work in foreign countries, where there are so many obstacles to be overcome..." 
Relocating to Lacombe.
In 1909, the Lacombe site for the College was chosen.
Canadian Junior College.
In 1919, the school became a junior college.
Canadian Union College.
In 1947, it began its first four-year program in theology and adopted the name Canadian Union College.
Canadian University College.
In 1997, CUC's name was changed to Canadian University College. Three years earlier, in 1994, the board of trustees for the college decided to change the name. They gave two reasons for doing so: Adventist Canadian headquarters had changed their name from the Canadian Union Conference to the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Canada. Outside of Adventist circles, people usually associated the term 'union' with 'organized labour'. The second reason was that the word 'college' did not accurately reflect the school's three- and four-year degree-granting status. In Canada, the word 'college' had become associated with two-year under-graduate community and vocational institutions. A name change committee was established. This committee appealed to the college's constituency, the Seventh-day Adventist membership in Canada, to suggest possible names.

</doc>
<doc id="31216529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216529" title="Håkon Mjøen">
Håkon Mjøen

Håkon Mjøen (born November 5, 1944) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Oppdal. He participated at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, where he competed in slalom and giant slalom.
He became Norwegian champion in slalom in 1966, 1967 and 1970, in giant slalom in 1966,1967 and 1968, and in alpine combined in 1966 and 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="31216559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216559" title="Gabriel López">
Gabriel López

Álvaro Gabriel López Molinari (born August 24, 1983 in San Carlos) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing as a striker for Universidad Autónoma del Caribe of the Colombian Categoría Primera B.

</doc>
<doc id="31216583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216583" title="Bjarne Strand">
Bjarne Strand

Bjarne Anders Strand (born November 8, 1946) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Oppdal. He participated at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, where he competed in downhill, slalom and giant slalom.
He became Norwegian champion in downhill in 1966, and in slalom in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="31216595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216595" title="Eric Weinstein">
Eric Weinstein

Eric Weinstein (born Los Angeles, October 1965) is a mathematician and economist who, in May 2013 proposed a solution to some of the problems in modern physics. His theory included a "observerse", a 14-dimensional space, and predictions for undiscovered particles which could account for dark matter.
Education.
He earned a 1992 Ph.D in Mathematical Physics from the Mathematics Department of Harvard University and has since held a Lady Davis Fellowship in the Racah Institute of Physics at Hebrew University, an NSF fellowship in the mathematics Department of MIT, and was an Alfred P. Sloan Foundation grantee in the Harvard Economics Department and National Bureau for Economic Research where he founded the Project on the Economics of Advanced Training with economist Richard Freeman. He graduated in his Junior year with combined A.B. and M.A. degrees in mathematics from the University of Pennsylvania as University Scholar in 1985.
Contributions.
Economic theory.
Along with collaborator Pia Malaney, Weinstein showed that neoclassical economics was in fact an example of a naturally occurring gauge theory. This discovery paralleled a similar such discovery linking mathematics to physics by Chen Ning Yang, and collaborators at Stony Brook in the 1970s. The approach has been separately discussed from viewpoints in both the economics and physics literature but has yet to gain a wider awareness with few academicians possessing backgrounds in both physics and economics. Recently, a program for 'Geometric Marginalism' by Weinstein and Malaney has been funded by the Institute for New Economic Thinking (INET).
Finance.
Weinstein and collaborator Adil Abdulali published a paper in "Risk" introducing a model for risk adjustment of hedge fund returns when multiple noisy price estimates are available for positions. This is in contrast to positions with precise pricing, such as liquid common stocks or futures contracts, on the one hand, and assets with no reliable market prices, such as private equity or real estate, on the other. According to the authors, if risk analysis is done using a single price (such as the median price) for such "translucent" positions, the risk adjusted returns of the fund will be inflated. The model presented in the paper is based on certainty equivalents in the von Neumann Morgenstern risk framework.
Financial Crisis.
Due in part to his work in finance and economics described above, in 2002 Weinstein began giving talks aimed at mathematicians and physicists calling attention to what he perceived as instabilities in the financial system, professional forces repressing unorthodox views in economics and finance (and to a lesser extent in academia in general) and the need for more sophisticated mathematics in finance. Talks in May 2006 and September 2008 at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics were particularly influential.
Labor markets for elite workers.
Weinstein and collaborator Richard Freeman conducted an extensive study relying on unprecedented access to leading biomedical scientists through the American Society for Cell Biology.
Mathematical physics.
Weinstein claimed in his dissertation research that the self-dual Yang–Mills equations on which Donaldson theory was built were less unique than was believed at the time, putting forward two sets of alternate equations based on spinorial constructions. One set of equations became the basis for his dissertation showing that the Self-dual Yang–Mills (SDYM) equations were not really peculiar to dimension four and admitted generalizations to higher dimensions.
In May 2013 Weinstein gave a lecture titled "Geometric Unity", which was promoted by Marcus du Sautoy as being a possible answer to some of the problems in modern physics. Few physicists attended the original lecture and no paper or preprint was published. The claims were met with skepticism by several commentators. A repeat lecture was organised the following week with more physicists in attendance. His theory include a "observerse", a 14-dimensional space, and predictions for undiscovered particles which could account for dark matter. Joseph Conlon of the University of Oxford pointed out that some of these particles should already have been seen.
Science policy.
Weinstein has been invited several times to argue before the National Academy of Sciences that it and the National Science Foundation have deliberately sought to glut the market for scientists to decrease wage outlays for scientific and technical employers.
Talks.
The Economic Crisis and its Implications for the Science of Economics May 1–4, 2009
Member: International Organizing Committee
Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada 
Keynote Address: A Science Less Dismal
Panel Discussion (with Nouriel Roubini, Nassim Taleb, Richard Freeman. Moderator Lee Smolin)
Videos: "http://pirsa.org/09050047/", "http://pirsa.org/09050026/"
Systems Architecture, Kabuki Capitalism, and the Economic Manhattan Project.
Stanford University Computer Systems (Invited Colloquium and Debate), April 29, 2009
Stanford University, Palo Alto, California
Invited Debating Partner: Paul Romer (Declined)
Video: "http://www.stanford.edu/class/ee380/Abstracts/090429.html"
Sheldon Glashow Owes Me a Dollar (and 17 Years of Interest): What happens where the endless frontier meets the efficient frontier? Science in the 21st Century (Conference) September 6-9, 2008, Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. Panel Discussion: Scientific Utopia - Designing Research Environments to Catalyze Scientific Progress
Video: "http://pirsa.org/08090036/"
Gauge Theory and Inflation: Enlarging the Wu-Yang Dictionary to a unifying Rosetta Stone for Geometry in Application Invited Colloquium, Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics May 24, 2006, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. Video: "http://pirsa.org/06050010/"

</doc>
<doc id="31216607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216607" title="Lasse Hamre">
Lasse Hamre

Lars Arne «Lasse» Hamre (born December 26, 1944) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Trondheim. He participated at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, where he competed in downhill and slalom.
He became Norwegian champion in slalom in 1969 and 1971, and in alpine combined in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31216608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216608" title="2011 CONCACAF U-20 Championship squads">
2011 CONCACAF U-20 Championship squads

Below are the rosters for the 2011 CONCACAF U-20 Championship held in Guatemala from March 28 – April 10, 2011.
Group A.
Guatemala.
Coach: Ever Hugo Almeida
Honduras.
Coach: Javier Padilla
Jamaica.
Coach: Walter Gama
Group B.
Panama.
Coach: Jose Alfredo Poyatos
Suriname.
Coach: Harold Deyl
United States.
Coach: Thomas Rongen
Group C.
Canada.
Coach: Valerio Gazzola
Costa Rica.
Coach: Ronald Gonzalez
Guadeloupe.
Coach: Steve Bizasene
 
 
Group D.
Mexico.
Coach: Juan Carlos Chávez
Trinidad and Tobago.
Coach: Zoran Vraneš

</doc>
<doc id="31216637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216637" title="Stoneman Military Trail">
Stoneman Military Trail

The Stoneman Road, an important supply road between Fort McDowell and Fort Whipple in Prescott between 1870 and 1890. It was an important conduit for the shipping of supplies from Fort Whipple in Prescott to Fort McDowell on what is today the Yavapai Reservation near Fountain Hills. 
Established in 1865, Fort McDowell was continuously short on supplies and before the Stoneman Road was established, the shortages were especially acute as the connection between the forts required a long route that swung south through Phoenix and north to Prescott. With the establishment of the Stoneman Road, a day’s ride was eliminated from the trip. The new route was named after forty-eight-year-old Colonel George Stoneman, a Civil War veteran and career Army man by way of West Point. He was assigned to Arizona in May, 1870 and although he was relieved of his Arizona duties one year later, his establishment of the road between Fort McDowell and Fort Whipple was a major accomplishment of his brief command. Stoneman was a trailblazer and sought a way to Prescott that would avoid the southern route. He found his route by following an old Indian trail that covered part of the distance. The trail was widened into a rocky road that led northwest from Fort McDowell through what is now McDowell Mountain Regional Park, and passed to the north of Pinnacle Peak. It’s believed that soldiers may have camped in the area which is now near 136th Street and Rio Verde Drive.
The road then passed near what would later become Brown’s Ranch and eventually touched the eastern boundary of the area where The Boulder’s resort is located today in north Scottsdale. From there it went past the northern slope of Black Mountain and continued west to Cave Creek. A bubbling spring near what is now Rancho Manana, provided a nice respite for weary travelers. After that it was north along the banks of Cave Creek and crossing into what is now Cave Creek Regional Park. From there it passed through the New River Mountains and Black Canyon, then went north through Mayer to Fort Whipple and Prescott.
On April 10, 1890, Fort McDowell was vacated by the US military and became the Fort McDowell Indian Reservation which served the Mohave, Pima, and Apache tribes. As far as the Stoneman Road, with the lack of traffic on it after 1890 combined with the attrition of time and the Arizona weather, only minimal traces are left.
A historical task force has discovered portions of the road in parts of McDowell Mountain Park and near the old Brown’s Ranch location near north Scottsdale. Another discernible section runs between Stagecoach Pass at Windmill Road northwest to Cave Creek Road ending by a gate going into the Carefree Airport. Running east to west, south of Cave Creek Road, is a short section of the Military Road which is part of the old Stoneman Road. It originally ran toward Cave Creek and by what is thought to be a military remount station from the 1870-1890 era. Other than that, the road has pretty much succumbed to the sands of time.

</doc>
<doc id="31216640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216640" title="Chunellidae">
Chunellidae

Chunellidae is a family of sea pens, a member of the subclass Octocorallia in the phylum Cnidaria. 
Genera.
The World Register of Marine Species list the following genera:

</doc>
<doc id="31216651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216651" title="Thomas Walsh (Massachusetts politician)">
Thomas Walsh (Massachusetts politician)

Thomas P. Walsh (born July 15, 1960 in Salem, Massachusetts) was an American politician who represented the 12th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1987–1995 and served as a City Councilor in Peabody, Massachusetts from 1984–1987, and was elected to the same office again in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31216654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216654" title="Otto Tschudi">
Otto Tschudi

Otto Victor Tschudi Jr. (born January 22, 1949) is a Norwegian alpine skier. He was born in Krødsherad. He participated at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble and at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo.
He became Norwegian champion in giant slalom in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31216691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216691" title="1997–98 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1997–98 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1997–98 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
Regular season.
During the 1997-98 season, head coach Lon Kruger did the unthinkable as he took a team picked to finish seventh in the Big Ten and guided the
Illini to a share of its first Big Ten title since 1984. On the way to the league crown, Illinois went 5-0 against Indiana, Iowa and Michigan, marking the first time in
school history the Illini had gone undefeated against those teams during the course of a season. Illinois advanced to the second round of the NCAA Tournament after earning a No. 5 seed in the West Regional. The Illini defense was the Big Ten’s best as Illinois finished the year first in scoring defense, fieldgoal defense and three-point defense in conference games. Additionally, this would be the inaugural season for the Big Ten Tournament, thus reducing the number of regular season conference games by 2, from 18 to 16. Illinois received 2nd seed for the tournament.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| Big Ten Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31216703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216703" title="Murry Hope">
Murry Hope

Murry Hope (17 September 1929 – 25 October 2012) was an English writer and occultist. Considered a Wicca priestess and a New Age author she wrote sundry books on the topics of psychology, human consciousness, the future of planet Earth, witchcraft, the Sirius star system, et al.
Early life.
Hope's mother left her after she was born and her father died of throat cancer at a very early age. She was raised by her nurse, Rhoda Adams. A bomb killed her nanny in 1945, leaving her in the care of Adams’s husband and niece who were in the country at the time. At 19 Hope was a member of the Women's Royal Air Force. In 1951 she was working for the Officer's Association of the British Legion.
Opera career.
Hope studied voice taking lessons with a teacher from the Paris Conservatoire and in London had a small part in "West End production" for two years. She received an opera scholarship at the Royal College of Music where she stayed for three years, then joined the English National Opera. Her premiere was the mystical opera "The Magic Flute".
Occult and writing.
In 1957 she co-founded the "Atlanteans Society" with Tony Neate, a healing and spiritual group at Malvern Hills, England, that aimed to treat issues such as exorcism and mental disorders. By that time Hope wrote a seasonal column for "Prediction magazine," a periodical oriented towards mystical subjects, where she used to sign the pseudonym "Athene Williams." In 1975 Murry left the association claiming incompatibility between the predominant Christian layout settled amidst "Atlanteans" and her Pagan beliefs.
In 1977 Murry had her alleged psychic abilities tested by a doctor from Cambridge University under the supervision of the broadcaster BBC and obtained good results. Hope claimed to remember her past lives including not being human by belonging to the devic kingdom.
In her esoteric essays Hope created the "Cartouche", a method of divination which used cards that she claimed heightened levels of awareness. based on symbols of energies on the monuments and walls of various Egyptian temples. She contracted Martin Jones in 1983 to develop artwork for the deck with symbols. The same year Hope and Jed Collard founded Ostaris Publications which produced 3,000 decks of these cards with accompanying guide book. The decks sold well, drawing a business transaction between Jed Collard and the American book publisher St. Martin's Press. Following this success, over-sized cards and a larger guidance book were printed by St. Martins. Her final contribution was the book "The Way of Cartouche", published in 1985.
In 1988 Hope founded the Institute of Transpersonal Sensitivity in America, intending to establish a relation between transpersonal experience and the approved schools of psychology.
Personal life.
Hope married four times; she had no children.
Death.
Murry Hope died 25 October 2012 in Emsworth, West Sussex, aged 83. Her remains were cremated at the Chichester Crematorium on 12 November 2012.
Themes.
Hope frequent themes including "the roots of ancient Egyptian civilization" are explored through books like "Ancient Egypt: The Sirius Connection" of 1991, "The Paschats and the Crystal People" of 1992 and others. There she calls attention to the knowledge possessed by North African tribes, namely the Dogons, and conducts the reader on a trip across an alleged alien legacy descended from the "tri-star system of Sirius". She claims that beryl stone represents the Sirius star system and emerald the "Sirius C star", which create a cosmic link between initiates from Egyptian and stellar energies. Later on she examines the nature of leonine entities from Sirius called "Paschats" which, conjectures Hope, through the lion goddess Bastet were worshiped in Egypt.
Particularly in "The Gaia Dialogues" (1995), Hope defends the natural world asserting that the Earth (Gaia) is a conscious being, a living entity who is shifting its magnetic poles as part of a plan to defend itself from desolation caused by its human children.

</doc>
<doc id="31216711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216711" title="Regions of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission">
Regions of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission

The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has divided the US territory into four regions:
Tasks.
These four regions oversee the operation of 104 power-producing reactors, and 36 non-power-producing reactors. This oversight is done on several levels, for example:
Former regions.
The NRC previously had five regions. In the late 1990s, the Region V office in Walnut Creek, California was absorbed into Region IV and Region V was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="31216734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216734" title="Metro 2 format">
Metro 2 format

Metro 2 is a data specification created by the Consumer Data Industry Association for credit reporting data furnishers (who are members of the credit bureau with a data furnishing service agreement) to report consumers' credit history information to major credit bureaus electronically and in a standardized format. It is implemented in credit reporting software packages. The specification is extensive and is designed to standardize a wide range of credit history information while complying with federal laws and regulations in credit reporting (such as accommodating consumer disputes and disputed status of information).

</doc>
<doc id="31216736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216736" title="Sally Kerans">
Sally Kerans

Sally P. Kerans (born May 26, 1960 in Danvers, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 13th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1991–1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31216743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216743" title="Aud Hvammen">
Aud Hvammen

Aud Hvammen (born 1943) is a Norwegian alpine skier. She was born in Geilo, and is the sister of Margit Hvammen. She is married to Peder Lunde, and mother of Jeanette Lunde. She participated at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, where she competed in slalom and giant slalom.
She became Norwegian champion in slalom in 1964, in giant slalom in 1965, 1967 and 1968, and in alpine combined in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="31216752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216752" title="Namibia at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Namibia at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Namibia competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom from July 27 to August 12, 2012. This was the nation's sixth consecutive appearance at the Olympics.
Namibian National Olympic Committee sent a total of 9 athletes to the Games, 5 men and 4 women, to compete in 5 sports. Three Namibian athletes had competed in Beijing, including marathon runner Beata Naigambo, the oldest member of the team, at age 32, and trap shooter Gaby Ahrens, who became the nation's first female flag bearer at the opening ceremony. Namibia also marked its Olympic return in freestyle wrestling after an eight-year absence.
Namibia, however, failed to win a single Olympic medal for the fourth consecutive time.
Athletics.
Namibian athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):
Boxing.
Namibia has qualified two boxers.
Cycling.
Namibia has qualified the following cyclists for the Games.
Shooting.
Namibia has earnt 1 quota place for shooting events;
Wrestling.
Namibia has qualified one quota place.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="31216766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216766" title="Death Anxiety (song)">
Death Anxiety (song)

Death Anxiety is the first single from Bleeding Through's new album Declaration to be released on September 30, 2008. The video will also be shot sometime in September.

</doc>
<doc id="31216768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216768" title="Japan at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Japan at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Japan, represented by Japanese Olympic Committee, competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. Despite being London's third Olympic games, Japan marked its debut in the host city. This nation also celebrated its centennial anniversary in the Olympics, having participated at every games since 1912 except for two editions; it was not invited to the 1948 Summer Olympics in London for its instigation of World War II, and was also part of the US-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. Japan sent a total of 295 athletes to the Games, 138 men and 157 women, to compete in 24 sports.
Japan left London with a total of 38 medals (7 gold, 14 silver, and 17 bronze), finishing eleventh in the gold medal rankings and sixth in the overall medal rankings. This was also the nation's most successful Olympics, winning the largest number of medals in non-boycotting games, and surpassing a single medal short of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. Eleven of these medals were awarded to the athletes in swimming, seven in judo, six in wrestling, and three in gymnastics. Five Japanese athletes won more than a single Olympic medal in London. With the absence of baseball and softball at the Olympics, Japan's team-based athletes proved successful in London, as women's football and women's volleyball teams won silver and bronze medals, respectively. For the first time since 1968, Japan had won two Olympic medals in men's boxing.
Among the nation's medalists were freestyle wrestlers Kaori Icho and Saori Yoshida, who successfully defended their Olympic titles in their respective events. Two-time Olympic silver medalist and gymnast Kōhei Uchimura won the coveted gold medal in individual all-around, becoming the fourth Japanese man to claim the title after 28 years. Meanwhile, Ryōta Murata became the first Japanese boxer to win an Olympic gold medal since 1960, in the men's middleweight division. Defending swimming champion Kosuke Kitajima, who bid to win double breaststroke events for third Games in succession, missed out of medal standings in the finals.
Medalists.
The following Japanese competitors won medals at the Games. In the by discipline sections below, medalists' names are bolded.
Delegation.
Japanese Olympic Committee (JOC) selected a team of 295 athletes, 138 men and 157 women, to compete in all sports except basketball, and handball; it was the nation's fifth-largest team sent to the Olympics, but the smallest since the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. For the second time in its Olympic history, Japan was represented by more female than male athletes. There was only a single competitor in diving and in equestrian dressage. 
The Japanese team included several past Olympic champions, three of them defending (freestyle wrestlers Kaori Icho and Saori Yoshida, and breaststroke swimmer Kosuke Kitajima). Yoshida, who won two consecutive gold medals in the Olympics before, became Japan's third female flag bearer at the opening ceremony since 2004, and the sixth in Olympic history. Javelin thrower and one-time world and Asian champion Yukifumi Murakami, on the other hand, served as the nation's team captain.
Dressage rider Hiroshi Hoketsu repeated his record from Beijing, as the oldest athlete to compete in these Olympic games, at age 71. Single sculls rower Daisaku Takeda and show jumper Taizo Sugitani made their fifth appearance, having participated at every Olympic games since 1996. Hammer thrower and former Olympic gold medalist Koji Murofushi, along with swimmer Kosuke Kitajima, was among the Japanese athletes who competed at their fourth Olympics. Meanwhile, breaststroke swimmer Kanako Watanabe, at age 15, was the youngest athlete of the team. 
Other Japanese athletes featured gymnast and two-time Olympic silver medalist Kōhei Uchimura, javelin thrower and world junior champion Genki Dean, who embraced his British roots to represent the nation, table tennis player Ai Fukuhara, who became highly popular in China and Japan because of her nickname "China-dolls", and swimmers Ryosuke Irie and Takeshi Matsuda, who previously won the bronze medal in Beijing.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games. Note that reserves for fencing, field hockey, football, and handball are not counted as athletes:
Archery.
Japan has qualified one archer for the men's individual event and one archer for the women's individual event
Athletics.
Japanese athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard): 
Boxing.
Japan has so far qualified boxers for the following events
Canoeing.
Slalom.
Japan has qualified boats for the following events
Sprint.
Japan has qualified boats for the following events
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Cycling.
Japan had qualified the following cyclists for the Games.
Diving.
Japan has qualified in the following events.
Equestrian.
Currently, Japan has qualified eight athletes for the Games.
Fencing.
Japan has qualified 8 fencers.
Field hockey.
Japan has qualified 1 team.
Football.
Japan is qualified for the men's and women's event
Modern pentathlon.
Based on their results at the 2011 Asian/Oceania Championships three Japanese pentathletes have qualified for London; Shinichi Tomii has earnt places in the men's event; Shino Yamanaka and Narumi Kurosu have earnt places in the women's event.
Rowing.
Japan has qualified the following boats.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing.
Japan has qualified 1 boat for each of the following events
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race;
Shooting.
Japan has gained four quota places in the shooting events;
Swimming.
Japan sent a total of 29 swimmers at the London games, after having achieved qualifying standards in their respective events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)): Excluding the relay events, eight swimmers competed in more than a single event, including the defending champion Kosuke Kitajima from the breaststroke events. 
By results, Japan left London with 11 swimming medals (3 silver and 8 bronze), the largest amount received at a single event. Backstroke swimmer Ryosuke Irie, and breaststroke swimmer Satomi Suzuki managed to win three medals in all of their respective events, whether individual or relay. Kosuke Hagino, the youngest male swimmer in the team, surprisingly won the bronze medal in the men's 400 m individual medley, surpassing all-time defending champion Michael Phelps, who finished behind him in the finals. Butterfly swimmer Takeshi Matsuda managed to repeat his bronze medal from Beijing in the men's 200 m butterfly, in addition to his silver from the men's medley relay event. Kitajima, who bid to win double breaststroke swimming events for third Games in succession, missed out of medal standings in the final rounds.
WSO - Win swim-off; LSO - Lost swim-off
Synchronized swimming.
Japan has qualified 9 quota places in synchronized swimming.
Table tennis.
Japan has qualified 3 men and 3 women.
Taekwondo.
Japan has qualified the following quotas.
Triathlon.
Japan has qualified 2 men and 3 women.
Volleyball.
Men's beach tournament.
The men's team qualified after winning the AVC Continental Beach Volleyball Cup.
Women's indoor tournament.
Japan has qualified a team to the women's indoor tournament through the World Qualification Tournament.
Weightlifting.
Japan has qualified 1 man and 4 women.
Wrestling.
Japan has qualified in the following quota places.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="31216770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216770" title="Uzbekistan at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
Uzbekistan at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Uzbekistan competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, from July 27 to August 12, 2012. This was the nation's fifth consecutive appearance at the Olympics. The National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Uzbekistan sent the nation's smallest delegation to the Games in the post-Soviet era. A total of 54 athletes, 36 men and 18 women, competed in 13 sports. There was only a single competitor in fencing, rhythmic and trampoline gymnastics, shooting and tennis. 
Notable Uzbek athletes featured tennis player Denis Istomin (ranked thirty-fourth in the world by the Association of Tennis Professionals), road cyclist and former world junior champion Sergey Lagutin, and sprint canoer Vadim Menkov, who nearly missed out of the medal standings in Beijing. Sprinter Guzal Khubbiyeva and trampoline gymnast Ekaterina Khilko became the first Uzbek female athletes to compete in four Olympic games. Meanwhile, swimmers Ranohon Amanova and Yulduz Kuchkarova, both at age 18, were the youngest athletes of the team. Light heavyweight boxer and double Asian Games champion Elshod Rasulov was the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony. 
Uzbekistan left London originally with only four Olympic medals (one gold and three bronze), tying with Sydney for the nation's overall medal standings. Freestyle wrestler Artur Taymazov, who defended his super heavyweight title for the third time, became the most successful Uzbek athlete in history with a total of four Olympic medals. Judoka Rishod Sobirov managed to repeat his bronze medal from Beijing, while another freestyle wrestler Soslan Tigiev collected his second Olympic medal in the men's middleweight division. Boxer Abbos Atoev recaptured his nation's sporting success at these games, by winning an Olympic bronze medal after eight years.
On 7 November 2012, the International Olympic Committee stripped Tigiev of his bronze medal after testing positive for the prohibited substance methylhexaneamine.
Athletics.
Uzbekistani athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):
Boxing.
Uzbekistan has so far qualified boxers for the following events
Canoeing.
Sprint.
Uzbekistan has qualified boats for the following events
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Fencing.
Uzbekistan has qualified 1 fencer.
Judo.
Uzbekistan has qualified 6 judokas. Abdullo Tangriev qualified in the men's +100 kg category, but withdrew from the Games.
Swimming.
Uzbekistani swimmers have further achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Taekwondo.
Uzbekistan has qualified the following quota places.
Weightlifting.
Uzbekistan has qualified 6 weightlifters.
Wrestling.
Uzbekistan has qualified 8 men.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="31216777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216777" title="Paderborn, Illinois">
Paderborn, Illinois

Paderborn is a census-designated place in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 43 as of the 2010 census.

</doc>
<doc id="31216780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216780" title="Capital Bank (Haiti)">
Capital Bank (Haiti)

Capital Bank, S.A. is a commercial bank based in Pétionville, Haiti. It is currently the third largest in term of assets among Haiti's private commercial banks.
History.
The bank started its operations in 1986 as a Savings and Loan institution under the name "Banque de Crédit immobilier (BCI)". In 1999, it changed its charter to become a full fledged commercial bank operating under the name Capital Bank. Currently, Capital Bank has 18 branches throughout Haiti. In addition to its commercial banking operations, Capital Bank is present in the following specific financial areas:
Fondation Capital Bank is the social and philanthropic arm of the bank.

</doc>
<doc id="31216781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31216781" title="Cycling at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's road time trial">
Cycling at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's road time trial

These are the official results of the Men's Individual Time Trial at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. The race was held on Saturday, September 30, 2000 with a race distance of 46.8 km.
On 17 January 2013 Lance Armstrong was stripped of the bronze medal and disqualified by the International Olympic Committee due to doping.

</doc>
