<doc id="30990597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990597" title="Jean Harris (environmentalist)">
Jean Harris (environmentalist)

Jean Mahoney Harris (May 22, 1922 – November 25, 2008) was an American schoolteacher and environmentalist. She was a member of the Oxnard School Board for nine years, as well as the Vice President of the Oxnard Advisory Group to the City Council. Harris is best known for being the champion of Ormond Beach Wetlands and for fighting to get the City of Oxnard to require the developers to expand on the initial state purchase to create Oxnard Beach Park.
Life and career.
Harris was born Jean Mahoney in Mesquite, Texas. Harris and her family moved to California after her father, who was a sports columnist for a newspaper in Texas, was hired as a public relations manager for the Del Mar Race Track, in Del Mar, California. Harris met her husband Ed Harris, an engineer, while in high school and they married when Harris was 18 years old. After marrying, Jean and Ed had three children; Timm, Ellen, and Brian. Harris moved from the San Fernando Valley to Oxnard in the early 1970s. She had a Master’s Degree in Education and was a career schoolteacher and later a school board member for the Oxnard Board of Education for nine years.
Harris’ mentor Roma Armbrust was also her partner in her conservation efforts. In 1983, they formed the Ormond Beach Observers, which unified the voice of a number of diverse organizations interested in protecting the wetlands. They were able to help Oxnard Beach become a State beach, and to conserve the Ormond Beach Wetlands. Harris was quoted in the Vista newspaper in 1980 for wanting to keep Ventura County, especially its coastlines, from becoming another “smoggy, crowded San Fernando Valley”. Harris began pushing for the preservation of the Ormond Beach Wetlands in 1979 and she continued to champion for this landscape for more than 30 years. Her work began by organizing hundreds of tours of this rare landscape; Jean stated that she “knew if we took people for a walk on Ormond Beach, and they saw the birds flying, it would sell them on the importance of saving and restoring the wetlands.” In 1989 Jean Harris and her counterpart Roma Armbrust, officially began the Ormond Beach Observers to expand these tours on which they would take anyone with interest. Together Jean and Roma monitored development to the surrounding areas ensuring the safety of the wetlands. Harris stated that they fought throughout the years to hold off developers until the Coastal Conservancy and contributors had the resources to help with the preservation of the wetlands. Ormond Beach wetlands are now approximately 1,100 acres with 250 acres still in need of restoration. These wetlands now connect to the Mugu Lagoon wetlands making this area southern California’s largest coastal wetlands. The project of restoration and preservation continues and is considered by wetland experts to be the most important wetland restoration opportunity in southern California.
In a 2009 interview Dr. Thomas Holden, Mayor of Oxnard said, “Jean’s first accomplishment was the Oxnard Beach Park. It started out as a state park – it was a large park of Harbor Boulevard, adjacent to a residential/hotel site.
Jean championed the developer to dedicate additional land to what the State had already purchased (62 acres total) to create the park, as it stands today. She was very, very instrumental in this securing the park for the City of Oxnard."
In a 2009 interview Dr. Thomas Holden, Mayor of Oxnard said, “Jean’s first accomplishment was the Oxnard Beach Park. It started out as a state park – it was a large park of Harbor Boulevard, adjacent to a residential/hotel site.
Jean championed the developer to dedicate additional land to what the State had already purchased (62 acres total) to create the park, as it stands today. She was very, very instrumental in this securing the park for the City of Oxnard. (8) The Dedication Ceremony for the beach park was held on Saturday, September 23, 1989. Oxnard State Beach Park has come about as a result of many years of cooperative effort on the part of private citizens, developers, and both local and state governments.
Oxnard Beach Park.
Encouraged by interest on the part of area residents, the State of California purchased a 26-acre site for the park in 1979. Jean Harris was able to persuade city leaders to adopt her vision for the park.(2)
After the City Council insisted that the developer dedicate much of the land for public use, a lawsuit ensued. It was resolved only after city, county and state officials secured funding to purchase the land from the developer and convert it into Oxnard State Beach Park. (2)
Mandalay Beach Associates, the developer of the residential/hotel site to the south, dedicated an additional 36 acres, giving the park its present size of 62 acres. Following the adoption of an operating agreement between City and State in December 1983, city staff began planning the design and development of Oxnard State Beach Park early in 1984.
By September 1984, the Oxnard State Beach Park General Plan had been developed and approved by the State Parks Commission. In June 1987, the City Council awarded a contract for $1,521,814 to Nye Construction for the Phase I park development –street and parking lot paving, lighting, bicycle and pedestrian walks, beach access trails, grading and utilities—completed in June 1988. In December 1988, Valley Crest was awarded an $854,515 contract for Phase IIA (landscaping, irrigation, picnic units, volleyball area) and in March 1989, Hanson Construction received a $213,277 contract for Phase IIB (two restrooms, one picnic shelter, a gatehouse and kiosk).
The diverse sources of funding for this project included a Federal Land and Water Conservation Grant for this project included a Federal Land and Water Conservation Grant for $381,961, State Bond Acts Funds of $600,000 State Coastal Management Funds of $238,000, City Quimby and Park Development Fund of $1,681,000 and a $100,000 and a $100,000 donation from the Bard Family. The total cost of Oxnard State Beach‘s development as of September 1989 is approximately $3,000,000. A third phase, consisting of a third restroom building, lifeguard towers, two additional picnic shelters, exercise course, play areas and picnic units, is planned for development before 1993. (9) The Dedication Ceremony for the beach park was held on Saturday, September 23, 1989.
Ormond Beach Wetlands.
Jean Harris began pushing for the preservation of the Ormond Beach Wetlands in 1979 (4) and she continued to champion for this landscape for more than 30 years (3). Her work began by organizing hundreds of tours of this rare landscape; Jean stated that she “knew if we took people for a walk on Ormond Beach, and they saw the birds flying, it would sell them on the importance of saving and restoring the wetlands.” (3). In 1989 Jean Harris and her counterpart Roma Armbrust, officially began the Ormond Beach Observers to expand these tours on which they would take anyone with interest (5). Together Jean and Roma monitored development to the surrounding areas ensuring the safety of the wetlands (5). Harris stated <that they fought throughout the years to hold off developers until the Coastal Conservancy and contributors had the resources to help with the preservation of the wetlands (6). Ormond Beach wetlands are now approximately 1,100 acres with 250 acres still in need of restoration (6). These wetlands now connect to the Mugu Lagoon wetlands making this area southern California’s largest coastal wetlands (3). The project of restoration and preservation continues and is considered by wetland experts to be the most important wetland restoration opportunity in southern California (7).
<br>
Ormond Beach Wetlands
Awards and Recognitions.
Jean Harris was presented a number of awards for the works she did.
<br>1) Oxnard Distinguished Citizen of the Year; Assemblyman Charles R. Imbreichtan Pavely; March 19, 1979<br>
<br>2) Certification of Election; Governing Board Member/Oxnard Schools; November 8, 1983<br>
<br>3) Certification of Election; Governing Board Member/ Oxnard Schools Board of Trustees; November 23, 1983<br>
<br>4) Apprentice Seaman; Brig Pilgrim (ship);November 12, 1986<br>
<br>5) In Nomination for Community Relations Commission Awards; Oxnard City Council; November 12, 1989<br>
<br>6) In Commendation for Community Service; Board of Supervisor of Ventura County 1990 ca.; July 1987 to November 1990<br>
<br>7) For serving on Governing Board; Oxnard School District; May 10, 1991<br>
<br>8) In Appreciation; LA Pierce College; Natural Resources; Management Club; Dec 1994<br>
<br>9) In support for Coastal Conservancy to acquire 640 acres of Wetlands; Board of Supervisors of VC; February 22, 2000<br>
<br>10) For Preservation and Protection Efforts of Ormond Beach; State Sen. Sheila Kuehl; October 12, 2005<br>
<br>11) For Preservation/Restoration of Ormond Beach Wetland Board of Supervisors of VC; October 12, 2005<br>
<br>12) For Restoration and Protection Efforts of Ormond Beach Wetlands; Coastal Conservancy; October 12, 2005<br>
<br>13) In Recognition of Jean Harris and Roma Armbrust; Colleguas; October 12, 2005<br>
<br>14) In Special Congressional Recognition; Hon. Lois Capps; October 12, 2005<br>
<br>15) In Recognition of Saviers Rd Design Team for Effort to Acquire Ormond Beach Wetlands; Brd of Supervisors of VC; January 23, 2007
In her memory, California State University Channel Islands held a dedication to the Jean Harris Local Environmental Collection on February 2, 2010 at the John Spoor Broome Library and the CI Environmental Science & Resource Management Program. This dedication celebrates the hard work and devotion in Harris’ life as an educator and activist. Also celebrated was the importance of her collection and campaign for Ormond Beach Wetlands Restoration Project to the university.
References.
John Spoore Broom Library archive Collection
1. Herdt, T. (1980, October 5). She's Tops at Minding the Shore. Vista
2. Jean Harris Collection, Cal. State Univ., Channel Islands; General, 1/55; Oral History Interview Transcript of Mayor Thomas Holden;9/23/89
3. 29, April. "Illness Forces Environmental Crusader to Sidelines." Los Angeles Times. Los Angeles Times, 29 Apr. 2001. Web. 27 Feb. 2012. http://articles.latimes.com/2001/apr/29/local/me-57192
4.Herdt, Timm (2000, June 14). Heroes of Ormond Beach. The Star. pp. B8
5.(2008, December 8). Editorial: Jean Harris’ Oxnard Park Lasting Mark on Our County. VCStar.com
6.Conservancy to Buy Oxnard Wetlands Tact (2003, April 9). The Los Angeles Times. pp. B3
7.Sullivan, T.J. (2003, April 9). Water District Willing to Sell Ormond Land. The Star. pp. B5
8. Jean Harris Collection, Cal. State Univ., Channel Islands; General, 1/16; Oxnard State Beach Park Dedication Ceremony Program; 6/16/09
9.Ormond Beach Wetlands Restoration Project. Retrieved February 22, 2011 from http://scc.ca.gov/2010/01/07/ormond-beach-wetlands-
restoration-project/
10. “Jean Harris' Environmental Collection Dedication at CI." Ventura County Star. CSU Channel Islands, 1 Feb. 2010. Web. 27 Feb. 2012. <http://www.vcstar.com/news/2011/feb/01/jean-harris-environmental-collection-dedication-at/>.
11.Jean Harris, Champion of Ormond (2010, April 19). The Nature Conservancy.
12. Oxnard Convention & Visitors Bureau, Oxnard Beach Park. (2011) Retrieved February 22, 2011 from http://www.visitoxnard.com

</doc>
<doc id="30990611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990611" title="Ministry of Finance (Hawaii)">
Ministry of Finance (Hawaii)

See also.
Other members of the Hawaiian Cabinet 

</doc>
<doc id="30990618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990618" title="Rosalyn Richter">
Rosalyn Richter

Rosalyn Richter is an Associate Justice of the New York Appellate Division of the Supreme Court, First Judicial Department.
Early life and education.
The daughter of Anita Richter and the late Nathaniel Richter, Rosalyn Richter is a 1976 graduate of Barnard College and a 1979 graduate of Brooklyn Law School.
Legal career.
She served on the New York City Criminal Court from 1990 to 1996. She was a New York Supreme Court Justice, from 2002 to 2009. She was designated a Justice for the Appellate Division, First Judicial Department in 2008 by Governor David Paterson.
Personal.
Richter is a lesbian; she married Janet Weinberg in August 2011, shortly after same-sex marriage was legalized in the state of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="30990621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990621" title="Paul McDonald (musician)">
Paul McDonald (musician)

Paul McDonald (born William Paul McDonald; August 29, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter from Huntsville, Alabama, who as of 2011, resides in Nashville, Tennessee. McDonald placed 8th on the tenth season of "American Idol" and since 2005, he has been the lead singer of the band Hightide Blues, renamed The Grand Magnolias in 2010. In 2011, he and Nikki Reed were married.
Early life.
McDonald was born to Susan and David McDonald, in Auburn/Opelika. His father is a clinical psychologist and his mother teaches occupational therapy at the University of Tennessee Chattanooga. McDonald was raised in Huntsville, Alabama. He is a graduate of Huntsville High School, where he also played wide receiver on the varsity football team, and he was in the school's play, "The Wizard of Oz", directed by Mike Chappell.
McDonald attended Auburn University and joined The Fraternity of Phi Gamma Delta fraternity. McDonald left Auburn University six hours shy of graduation to focus on his growing music career in Nashville, Tennessee. 
Career.
Hightide Blues.
In the spring of 2005, he and fellow Auburn student Jonathan Pears began writing songs together, forming the band Hightide Blues. Adding two other members, Cragon Sims and Rob Foster, they began touring small clubs around the state of Alabama. In 2006, McDonald put his education on hold to pursue a full-time career in music. After a limited edition self-titled EP "Hightide Blues" in 2007, the band released in 2008 a self-produced album, "Love Come Easy", which was recorded in an old boarding school turned recording studio, operated by David Briggs, called the House of David in Nashville, Tennessee. The album garnered radio play from the songs "Dreamin' Alone" and "Let It Roll". Also included was a song called "Dancing with the Angels (Meg's Song)". McDonald wrote this song the night before the funeral of a close friend to the band, Meg Ingram, who died of cancer at the age of 21. McDonald performed the song at her memorial service. The band performs annually at the Meg Ingram Memorial Scholarship benefit concert in Huntsville.
Hightide Blues has also had success on the Internet, winning multiple awards on OurStage.com including over 15 Top 10 placements, as well as reaching number 2 on Best of Pop for 2011. From 2007 to 2010, the band continued touring around the country, performing with musicians such as the Zac Brown Band, Sarah Bareilles, and JJ Grey and Mofro. Hightide Blues also played festivals such as the Bonnaroo Music Festival, the Florida Music Festival, the Hangout Festival, and the Lynyrd Skynyrd Simple Man Cruise. Between 2007 and 2010, Hightide Blues averaged around 150-200 shows per year.
The Grand Magnolias.
In August 2010, McDonald and his band members moved to Nashville, Tennessee, and launched a campaign to let their fans choose a new name for the band. The group's first album under its new name, entitled "The Grand Magnolias", was released in 2011. The songs were written by McDonald and band member Jonathan Pears and produced by Dan Hannon and Ken Coomer. The album has seen a boost in sales since Paul McDonald’s appearance on "American Idol", and it reached number twelve on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and had sold 9,000 copies by April 27, 2011. iTunes pulled the album from its store, without explanation, and the sales dropped off 60% from the previous week. A week later the album returned, again without explanation.
When the band learned that McDonald had made it through to the Hollywood round they put together a content release campaign to maximize the exposure from the show.
"American Idol".
On January 27, 2011, McDonald received a golden ticket to compete in Hollywood from judges Steven Tyler, Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson, and made it into the Top 24 by singing an original song, "American Dreams." He was one of ten candidates chosen as a finalist based on public voting. Thirteen competed in the finals.
Since entering the competition, McDonald has made use of the social networking site Twitter to communicate with his fans and promote his band, The Grand Magnolias. The album also debuted on the Billboard Heatseekers chart before McDonald even sang in the show’s semi-final round. He was also the first 2011 "Idol" hopeful to reach 50,000 followers on his newly created official "American Idol" Twitter account. McDonald continues to be one of the most popular "American Idol" Season 10 competitors on the social networking site.
McDonald was eliminated from the show on April 14, 2011, with a finish of 8th place.
Post-Idol.
McDonald was one of the 11 performers in the 2011 "American Idols Live Tour", which began in West Valley City, Utah, on July 6, 2011, and ended in Rochester, New York, on September 10, 2011. On May 25, 2011 he appeared on "Rachael Ray" along with Stefano Langone and Pia Toscano. McDonald even recorded a song, "Now That I've Found You", with his wife Nikki Reed, which debuted on Ryan Seacrest's radio show on November 15, 2011. The couple released their first EP together, "The Best Part", on October 29, 2012.
In September 2012, McDonald appeared in a Parenthood episode as a musician who used Crosby and Adam's recording space, The Luncheonette, and sang a new song, "Counting Stars."
McDonald and his wife, Nikki Reed, starred in Hanson's 2013 music video for "Get the Girl Back". The video was filmed in January 2013, and released in April, 2013. As well as Paul and Nikki, other famous faces in the video include Kat Dennings, Drake Bell, Drew Seeley, Amy Paffrath, and Alex Beh.
Personal life.
McDonald met actress Nikki Reed on the red carpet at the premiere of the film "Red Riding Hood" in March 2011. The moment they met was broadcast on an "American Idol" episode as part of a segment that showed the contestants attending the premiere. The pair soon began dating, and moved in together not long after. At the MTV Movie Awards on June 5, 2011, Reed was photographed wearing an engagement ring. Later that month, McDonald confirmed their engagement in an interview. The couple married on October 16, 2011 in Malibu, California. In March 2014, the couple announced plans to divorce.

</doc>
<doc id="30990646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990646" title="Р.">
Р.

Р. may refer to:
р. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30990651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990651" title="2004 United States federal budget">
2004 United States federal budget

The United States federal budget for fiscal year 2004 is a spending request by President Bush to fund government operations for Fiscal Year 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="30990653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990653" title="Cyanea crispa">
Cyanea crispa

Cyanea crispa is a rare species of flowering plant known by the common names crimped rollandia and Koolau Range rollandia. It is endemic to Oahu, where there are no more than fifty individuals remaining in the Koʻolau Range. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
The plant occurs in several types of habitat in the Koʻolau Mountains, including open moist forest and the shady understory of wet forest. The remaining 30 to 50 plants are divided among five populations, but three of the populations have only one plant each. Threats to the species include its small numbers and habitat destruction and degradation by feral pigs, rats, slugs, and exotic plants such as Koster's curse ("Clidemia hirta") and thimbleberry ("Rubus rosifolius").
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub with a succulent stem topped with a cluster of leaves. The inflorescence contains 3 to 8 red flowers with purple-striped petals.
The plant is being propagated and the seeds collected.

</doc>
<doc id="30990663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990663" title="HMIS Sind (K274)">
HMIS Sind (K274)

HMS "Betony" was a of the Royal Navy. She was ordered in 1941, and commissioned in August 1945. She was immediately transferred to the Royal Indian Navy, where she was commissioned as HMIS "Sind". She was transferred back to the Royal Navy in May 1946, as the war ended just days after her transfer. She was then sold to the Royal Thai Navy in 1947 as HTMS "Prasae", and eventually scuttled in 1951.
History.
"Betony" was ordered from Alexander Hall and Sons for the Royal Navy in 1941.
She was transferred to the Royal Indian Navy and the Eastern Fleet immediately upon commissioning in August 1945 and served as HMIS "Sind". She developed engine trouble soon after her transfer. With the end of World War II just days after her transfer and the imminent independence of India, she was transferred back to the Royal Navy in 1946.
In 1947, she was sold to the Royal Thai Navy and commissioned as HTMS "Prasae". On 7 January 1951, during a snowstorm, she was beached on the east coast of Korea. After unsuccessful attempts to pull her off the beach, she was scuttled.

</doc>
<doc id="30990669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990669" title="Letitia Youmans">
Letitia Youmans

Letitia Youmans, née Creighton, (3 January 1827 – 16 July 1896) was a Canadian school teacher who became an activist for the temperance movement. Youmans founded and served as the first president of the Ontario chapter of the Women's Christian Temperance Union.
Early life.
Youmans was born in 1827 in Baltimore, Ontario, near Cobourg. Later in life, she became well known in the Canadian temperance movement. At ten years of age she had an experience which started her on her temperance vocation. Her teacher introduced his students to the dangers of alcohol. He invited them to sign a temperance pledge. In her autobiography, Letitia Youmans describes the moment:"I spent three months (1837) with this teacher, during which time an incident occurred which had much to do with shaping my future destiny. One day at the noon recess, after disposing of our lunch, the teacher called us up to his desk. He proceeded to speak of the evils of drunkenness, which had become very apparent in our neighborhood, telling us that unless we were very careful, some of us might become victims of this fearful evil. He closed by informing us that he had discovered a safeguard against the danger, and then proceeded to read a temperance pledge which he had drawn up and signed himself. " Now," said he, " I would like as many as are willing to give me their names." At first, the appeal seemed to be only to the boys, for up to that time I had never seen or heard of such a thing as a drunken woman. I resolved to be on the safe side, however, and consequently put down my name. 
"I am happy to say that pledge has never been violated since. This, no doubt, was the beginning of temperance work in the schools of Canada, and if not scientific, it was, at least, eminently practical. Our teacher took the pledge with him to the homes, and in this way obtained many signatures. Would that every common-school teacher from that day to the present had pursued a similar course. I believe Canada would now be free from the curse of the liquor traffic. Someone has said : "The star of hope for the temperance reform is over the schoolhouse."
"The late lamented Mr. Crooks, Minister of Education for Ontario, instituted the movement of scientific instruction on the effects of alcohol in the schools, in response to a petition from the WCTU. This movement has spread through the different provinces of the Dominion, and we hope to see a law on the statute books of each province, requiring every teacher to teach temperance in the schools, with as much interest as he does any other branch of instruction."
Methodism and education in the mid-1800s.
The Methodist Church in Upper Canada experienced intense internal development and divisions. The United States-based Methodist Episcopal Church, began work in 1791 among British immigrants to Upper Canada. By 1828 the Methodist Episcopal work in Canada had formally severed ties with the US denomination. In 1833 most of it joined with the British Wesleyans to form the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Canada. Those not forming this union re-organized into the Methodist Episcopal Church of Canada (1834)." These developments in turn affected the organization of Methodist schools such as those located in the Cobourg area.
Cobourg schools.
In 1837, Cobourg's Upper Canada Academy, a Wesleyan Methodist school, was incorporated by Royal Charter. Letitia looked forward to attending the school but when the Academy developed into Victoria College, it became an all-male school. This disappointed her intensely."This seemed to me cruelty in the extreme, and no ray of light appeared to penetrate the gloom. Many a night my pillow was wet with my tears over the thought of the Egyptian darkness which surrounded me, but as is often remarked, the darkest hour is just before the break of day. A new ladies' school had just been opened by Professor Van Norman."
When Victoria College became an all-male institution, two proprietary schools with links to Methodism were established for the education of females in the Cobourg area; the Hurlburt's Cobourg Ladies' Academy and the Van Norman's Cobourg Ladies' Seminary. Letitia Youmans was educated at the Cobourg Ladies' Seminary.
While at this school, she decided to consecrate her life to Christ. This spiritual decision provides context to Letitia Youmans other activities; i.e. teacher, temperance leader, and community activist. Even though the school was officially denominational, it promoted a non-sectarian community. If a student was a member of a particular denomination, that denomination was invited to take an active part in the religious services. Youmans describes when she made her decision to be a Christian."Our principal was a devoted Christian, and impressed upon his pupils the necessity of consecration to God. While he assisted us in ascending the hill of science, he seemed still more anxious to lead us to Calvary. And while not ignoring the laurel wreath, he pointed out, with greater earnestness, the superior beauty of the Rose of Sharon and the Lily of the Valley. 
"Friday evening was set apart for religious services, in which members of all churches represented in the school took a part. The unconverted were always made welcome; but it was quite optional whether they took any part or not. On one of these occasions, our principal gave an earnest appeal for immediate consecration to Christ, asking those who would enlist in His service to make it known by rising. As I now remember it, every one not hitherto decided, arose at once. I hesitated a moment, when a friend at my side affectionately pressed my hand, saying now is your time. I then arose and from that moment I felt that I was committed to the service of God, and in a little prayer-meeting a few evenings afterwards, with a few of my schoolmates, who, like myself, were seeking to realize the pardoning love of God, we were enabled to venture upon the sin-atoning sacrifice, and claim Jesus as our Saviour, and take Him as our guide."
Two leading educators played a role in Youmans education: Daniel Cummings Van Norman and Egerton Ryerson.
Letitia Youmans describes a Christmas Eve when everyone associated with the Cobourg schools met at Victoria College and mingled with the Who's Who of the area."One of the most pleasing events of this winter was a reception given at Victoria College on Christmas eve. Dr. and Mrs. Ryerson, Mr. Webster, the moral governor, and lady were to preside. Our school received an invitation. It was a state occasion, and to those of us who hailed from the country, it was a fiery ordeal to be marched in single file and presented to our hosts and hostesses. The warm, fatherly grasp of Dr. Ryerson's hand, and the welcome extended to us, dispelled every fear… The pupils of our rival school, under the superintendence of Prof. Hurlbut and lady, were also guests on that occasion." Others present were the families of political leaders, churchmen, and educational leaders.
Burlington Ladies' Academy.
While helping his wife with the Cobourg Ladies' Seminary, Professor Van Norman served on the Victoria College faculty. He resigned his position and moved their Ladies' school to Hamilton and renamed it the Burlington Ladies' Academy. When Letitia Youmans completed her course at the Cobourg Ladies' Seminary, she continued her education at the Burlington school. Van Norman made this financially possible on the condition that she pay for her tuition by staying on as a teacher after her graduation.
The Hamilton school opened October, 1845. According to its 1847 Catalogue, the Academy offered two courses of study which they called the "Useful" and the "Ornamental." The Useful course included these subjects: "Spelling, Reading, Writing, Geography, English Grammar, Arithmetic, Ancient and Modern History, beginning with the history of the Bible, Botany, Physiology, Natural Philosophy, Chemistry, Geology, Philosophy of Natural History, Astronomy, Rhetoric, Kames' Elements of Criticism, Select parts of the English Classics, Intellectual Philosophy, Moral Philosophy, and Paley's Evidences of Christianity, with exercises in Composition throughout the entire course."
The Ornamental course included: "The French Language, Instrumental and Vocal Music, Perspective, Drawing and Painting, Wax Flowers, Embroidery, and the Principles of Etiquette and Female Manners."
Letitia Youmans took only the "Useful" course. She wrote, "There was a second course called the 'ornamental,' for which I had not time to spare, neither did my inclination run particularly in that direction." She lists the subjects she took. Her list varies from the school catalogue's. She includes meteorology and geometry and French in her list of Useful subjects.
Marriage to Arthur Youmans.
In 1850, at the age of 23, Letitia Creighton married Arthur Youmans. Her marriage brought with it heavy responsibilities. Three years earlier, Arthur's previous wife died, leaving him a widower with eight children. The older children were almost the same age as their new step-mother.
In her autobiography, Mrs. Youmans discusses her decision to marry and offers advice to young women contemplating such a marriage as hers. She also describes her husband,"I do not hesitate to present the man to whom I then pledged my heart and hand as an embodiment of the characteristics which would ensure happiness in the marriage relation. The son of a devoted Christian mother, he in boyhood became a decided Christian, and by the same maternal influence he was pointed out the evils of intemperance, and pledged to total abstinence. These principles were strictly adhered to through life. He was a British subject, loyal to his country, well persuaded in his political views, and yet no blind adherent to partyism ; benevolent almost beyond his means to every good cause. Although not holding a college diploma, his mind was well stored with useful knowledge, and his house abundantly supplied with the best reading matter of the day. He never was an aspirant for public offices, his home being ever the dearest spot on earth to him. I refer to these traits of character, not at all by way of eulogy to one who has years since gone home to Heaven, and whose memory is still engraven on my heart."
Arthur Youmans had strong temperance principles. Even before his marriage to Letitia Creighton, he had prepared unfermented wine for his church. As a farmer he never sold a bushel of grain to be manufactured into alcohol. He refused to grow hops and barley or grind malt for the local distillery. He sold lumber, but would not sell to anyone who planned to use the lumber to make beer barrels. If he needed supplies, he made sure that the freight boat did not have a bar aboard. He only bought groceries from alcohol-free retailers.
Mrs. Youmans had many requests to travel from those wanting her help in the temperance movement. Before agreeing to go to these various places, she "submitted" the matter to her husband. He was supportive and told her to "Go, by all means, if you can do any good." The only time he objected to such travel was if he felt she needed a rest.
In looking back over her years of marriage to Arthur Youmans, she wrote, "I thank God for thirty-two years of companionship with one so good and true."
Transportation on Lake Ontario.
In the mid-19th century, long-distance public transportation in Upper Canada took place along Lake Ontario by means of small steamboats following daily schedules. Besides the smaller conveyances, there were mail boats and first-class steamers. Most boats offered deck passage fare or, with additional cost, cabins and meals. These boats stopped at Cobourg and Port Hope on their way to Toronto and Hamilton. The distance from Kingston to Toronto was about 180 miles. It took eighteen hours.
When Letitia accepted a position at Rev. Daniel McMullen's Picton Ladies' Academy, she travelled there by steamer October, 1849, during what she called "that inclement season." She stated that even sea-sickness on the Atlantic did not match "the awful sensation of the waves of Lake Ontario." "It was joy supreme to once more find myself safe on terra firma."
In May 1875, the members of the Picton WCTU learned that representatives of the Right Grand Lodge of Good Templars was about to visit Napanee, the next town east of Picton. They decided to go as a group to meet them. This posed a problem. The boat for Napanee that day carried a bar, and they had voted not to give business to any company that sold alcohol. There was a small alcohol free steamer commanded by Captain Port but that day it was bound for Belleville. They chartered his boat to take them to Napanee, some twelve miles off his route, and then on his returning he would stop and take them home. They met with the Good Templars there in Napanee. At the close of the meeting they went on board their ‘temperance steamer’ and headed for home. The small cabin was crowded ; it was now eleven p.m. The trip would take three hours. They sang several gospel hymns. Someone suggested that they have a testimony meeting. Anyone who had ever been “injured by the liquor traffic” was invited to share his or her experience. One after another spoke of what they had experienced.
The Picton Sabbath School and early temperance concerns.
The Sunday School movement began in England with the innovations of Robert Raikes in the 1780s. The Canadian Sunday School movement began in the 1820s. Many people, including Youmans, referred to Sunday as the Sabbath. Some called school activities taking place at church on Sunday, Sabbath School. These early Sunday Schools ran much like schools operating during the week. Today's Sunday Schools often merely provide an hour long church program usually based on Bible stories.
The Youmans moved to Picton once their children were grown and on their own. Mrs. Youmans agreed to take on the Sabbath School class for the youth of the Methodist church where she and her husband attended. Through creative innovations, attendance in the class grew to almost one hundred students of varying age. As part of her work with the youth, Mrs. Youmans visited them in their homes. These visits enlightened her to the problems of drunkenness in these young people's families. As she considered the terrible circumstances of her young associates, she felt that inaction "was criminal." She introduced a total abstinence pledge into the her Sabbath School class. Next, at a temperance meeting, she noticed how attentive some of the young boys were as they sat on the front row. She decided to organize a youth temperance society.

</doc>
<doc id="30990681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990681" title="Dylan Wykes">
Dylan Wykes

Dylan Wykes (born June 6, 1983 in Kingston, Ontario) is a Canadian long-distance runner. He represented Canada in the marathon at the 2009 IAAF World Championships in Athletics in Berlin, Germany as well as the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, England. He is a sponsored athlete of both Vega and Mizuno. In April 2012, Wykes ran the Rotterdam Marathon in a time of 2:10:47 and qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics. With this mark, he is currently the second fastest Canadian marathoner of all time.
Early life.
Wykes was born and grew up in Kingston, Ontario, where he attended Frontenac Secondary School. He competed successfully throughout high school, winning the provincial high school (OFSAA) cross country championships in 2001 as well as the 3000m at the 1998, 2000 and 2001 OFSAA track & field championships. He also won the junior race at the 2002 Canadian Cross Country Championships in Moncton, New Brunswick. Following high school, Wykes attended Providence College in Providence, Rhode Island. Under the coaching of Ray Treacy, he competed in several NCAA cross country and track & field championships. Wykes finished 49th at the 2003 cross country championships and 15th in the 3000m at the 2004 indoor track championships.
Career.
In 2008, at the age of 24, Wykes ran 2:15:16 and finished 16th at the Fortis Rotterdam Marathon, his debut performance at the distance. The time was the second fastest by a Canadian in 2008, surpassed only by Olympian Jon Brown's 2:12 performance at the Fukuoka Marathon, and one of the fastest marathon debuts in Canadian history. In the fall of the same year, Wykes ran the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon, and placed 11th in a time of 2:16:20. In 2009, he represented Canada in the marathon at the World Championships and finished 33rd in 2:18:00.
In his fourth effort at the distance in December 2010, Wykes won the Sacramento International Marathon. He led the race from start to finish and set a new personal best of 2:12:39, proving himself a contender to represent Canada at the 2012 London Olympic Games. After two failed attempts at reaching the Canadian Olympic standard of 2:11:29, Wykes surpassed the mark at the 2012 Rotterdam Marathon. He finished 7th in the race with a time of 2:10:47, currently the second fastest marathon of all time by a Canadian. Wykes concluded his 2012 season at the London Olympics where he finished as the top Canadian and 20th overall in the marathon.
Wykes has also represented Canada internationally in cross country. He ran as a junior at the 2002 World Cross Country Championships and as a senior at the 2007 championships. He placed 3rd at both the 2007 and 2008 Canadian Cross Country Championships and finished 3rd at the 2008 and 2nd at the 2009 NACAC Cross Country Championships.
Wykes continues to improve his track ability, and set personal bests in both the 5000 metres and 10000 metres in the early part of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30990720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990720" title="George C. Kimble">
George C. Kimble

George C. Kimble (alternately spelled Kimbell or Kimball) defender and officer of the Alamo Mission in San Antonio, was born in 1803 and died at the Battle of the Alamo on March 6, 1836. Kimble County in the hill country of Texas is named in his honor.
Early life.
George C. Kimble was born on March 6, 1803 in Beechwoods, Pennsylvania to Chester Kimble and Lucy Satterlee Kimble. In 1825 at the age of 22, he moved to Texas as a member of the Green DeWitt Colony. There he met Prudence Nash, who was widowed from her first husband and had three children, and they married on June 26, 1832. They moved to Gonzales, Texas, and together with his business partner Almaron Dickinson started a hat factory on Water street. His son Charles C. Kimble was born in 1834.
Battle of the Alamo and death.
His pregnant wife was washing clothes in a creek with 2-year old Charles Chester nearby when George announced the plans of the Gonzales Ranging Company to answer Travis’ appeal for aid to the surrounded Alamo garrison in San Antonio. Among them were business partner Almeron Dickinson and his wife and child. His parting words indicated that he felt he probably would not return.
On February 23, 1836, Kimbell was mustered into the Gonzales Ranging Company as a lieutenant and commander of the unit. After learning that James Fannin was not going to the Alamo with reinforcements, and that there would likely be no other reinforcements, George Kimbell and Albert Martin lead a group of 25 men from Gonzales at 2 pm on Saturday, February 27. The party would number 32 upon its arrival at the Alamo. As they approached the Alamo in the early morning hours of March 1, a rider appeared in front of them and asked, in English, if they wished to go into the fort. When they said yes, he turned and told them to follow him. When one of the men became suspicious, the rider bolted away. The volunteers were afraid they had been discovered and galloped towards the Alamo. In the darkness, the Texians thought this was a party of Mexican soldiers and fired. One man was wounded, and his English curses convinced the defenders to open the gates. These Texian reinforcements were later dubbed the Immortal 32.
Kimbell died at the Alamo on March 6, 1836. His body was burned with those of the other Texas soldiers. Kimble County, Texas is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="30990728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990728" title="Marcel Melicherčík">
Marcel Melicherčík

Marcel Melicherčík (born December 20, 1986) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey goaltender who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30990742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990742" title="Mount Hugh Neave">
Mount Hugh Neave

Mount Hugh Neave is a mountain in east-central British Columbia, Canada, located between Hobson Lake to the west and Goat Creek to the south. Situated in the Cariboo Mountains of the Columbia Mountains, it is the fourth highest mountain in Wells Gray Provincial Park with an elevation of . 
Naming.
Mount Hugh Neave is named for Hugh Neave (1909-1988) who was a mountaineer, rock climber and backcountry explorer of Wells Gray Park from 1966 to 1987. He was a latecomer among the explorers of Wells Gray Park, but he was drawn by the scenery and the challenge of mountaineering, rather than by the wealth of mining, trapping or guiding. In 1966, he made his first expedition to the Huntley-Buchanan Ridge north of Azure Lake and was a regular visitor to those peaks for the next 20 years. 
In 1972, Neave and Peter Cowan of New Zealand attempted to climb Mount Hugh Neave via the Hobson Glacier east of the peak. They reached an elevation of on its south side, but ran short of time for an Azure Lake boat rendezvous and had to retreat through the Goat Creek valley. In those years, the boat did not pass twice a day as it does now, so missing an arranged meeting could have meant a long wait for the next boat arrival. 
Neave organized three expeditions to Garnet Peak, Wells Gray Park's highest mountain, which were all turned back by severe weather. He blazed the first trail from Azure Lake to Huntley Col and improved it with each trip. Today, it is the only trail from the lakeshore and is maintained by its users. Finally, in 1974 at the age of 65, Neave launched his fourth expedition with Barb Hargreaves and Tor Schmid, and they achieved the first ascent of Garnet Peak. Neave named the mountain for the small garnets he found in rock formations near the summit. 
Neave also travelled around the world seeking mountaineering adventures. In 1978 he led a month-long expedition to the Andes of Peru, in 1986 he canoed the Yukon River from Whitehorse to Dawson City, and his last major expedition was a 1987 trek in the Himalayas at age 78. Neave died in 1988 and Mount Hugh Neave was named the following year in recognition of his climbs in northern Wells Gray Park. Later in 1988, members of the Kamloops Mountaineering Club carried his ashes to the top of Garnet Peak. 
Access.
The Kamloops Mountaineering Club organized two expeditions during the 1990s with the goal of reaching the summit of Mount Hugh Neave. Both flew to Hobson Lake and started the climb from the sandspit about halfway up the lake. They reached the alpine meadows both times after a rigorous bushwhack, but were turned back by severe weather conditions. No other attempts have been made since then. It is possible that Mount Hugh Neave has never been climbed. It is not technically difficult, but the approach through dense forest and undergrowth poses the biggest challenge. Helicopters and float planes require a permit from B.C. Parks to land at Hobson Lake and no other landing sites closer to the mountain are allowed.
On topographical maps, a route up Goat Creek to the base of Mount Hugh Neave appears feasible. The Neave/Cowan expedition of 1972 proved the opposite during their forced retreat to Azure Lake. Neave described Goat Creek in his diary, "It is usually a matter of fighting a recurrent medley of slide alder, devil’s club, scrub growth and a vast jumble of rotting deadfall, eked out by beaver swamps along the valley bottom." His advice to future climbers: "Remember the going will always be tough, daily mileages will be much less than expected, a nose for route finding in poor visibility is essential, and a search and rescue operation will have a minimal chance of success."

</doc>
<doc id="30990745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990745" title="Martin Klempa">
Martin Klempa

Martin Klempa (born July 20, 1973) is a Slovak former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played in the Slovak Extraliga with HK SKP Poprad, HC Košice and MHK Kežmarok and also played in the Russian Superleague with Molot-Prikamye Perm and in the British Elite Ice Hockey League for the Belfast Giants and the Coventry Blaze.

</doc>
<doc id="30990749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990749" title="ISIRI 13138">
ISIRI 13138

ISIRI 13138 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 93/29/EEC. It defines "the identification of controls, tell-tales and indicators for two- or
three-wheel motor vehicles".
Another source that was used in this standard is:
tell-tales and indicators for two- or three-wheel motor vehicles.
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30990761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990761" title="W. Bruce Johnson">
W. Bruce Johnson

W. Bruce Johnson was the interim President and CEO of Sears Holdings Corporation, the parent of Sears and Kmart, from January 2008 to February 2011. He is currently the President and CEO of Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores,Inc.
Early life and career.
Johnson received his BA, MBA, and JD from Duke University.
Johnson worked at Booz Allen & Hamilton and Arthur Andersen. He then spent 16 years at Colgate-Palmolive. Johnson then joined Carrefour, where he was Director, Organization and Systems. In 2003, he joined Kmart as Senior Vice President, Supply Chain and Operations. Following the merger with Sears, he took on the same responsibilities for the entire company. He was eventually appointed interim President and CEO in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30990772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990772" title="Sheikh Mohammadi tribe">
Sheikh Mohammadi tribe

Sheikh Mohammadi or Sheikhan (Pashtu:"شيخ محمدى "شيخان) various tribal communities in Afghanistan and Pakistan identify as Sheikhan. In 2001 over half a dozen Pashtun tribes and sub-tribes were formally registered as Sheikhan.
However, two distinct communities specifically identify as "Sheikh Mohammadi". One of these communities claims direct lineage to Sheikh Mohammad Rohani. This community is also known as Sadat. Members of this community speak Pashtu and primarily reside in the Bannu region of Pakistan, Urgon, and the Arghestan river basin in southern Afghanistan. Most members of this community are sedentary agriculturalists.
Another group of people that identifies as Sheikh Mohammadi is mostly a community of peddlers with residence in eastern Afghanistan and the vicinity of Peshawar city in Pakistan. Members of this community speak Adurgari and are widely distinguished by their peripatetic lifestyle. According to local ethnographers, Sheikh Mohammad Rohani converted to Islam a local community known as ‘Adurgar.’ After conversion to Islam the Adurgar adopted ‘Sheikh Mohammadi’ as their communal identity.
In 1976 a Danish anthropologist, Asta Olesen, suggested that the Sheikh Mohammadis were originally a "spiritual fraternity" constituted by "unrelated disciples of the pious Shaykh Ruhani Baba." According to Olesen, "it appears that there exist no kinship connections between the various Shaykh Mohammadi communities, and in most cases no genealogical connection between them and Shaykh Ruhani Baba. There is nothing unusual in an ethnic group or community being joined by outsiders, but the scale at which this has occurred among the Shaykh Mohammadi seems extraordinary." A plausible reason for outsiders claiming Sheikh Mohammadi identity was to benefit from tax exemptions. Historically the descendants of Sheikh Mohammad Rohani have been exempt from state taxes. Some have also enjoyed state patronage under the Durrani rulers in Afghanistan.
See Sheikh Mohammad Rohani for details.

</doc>
<doc id="30990773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990773" title="Miroslav Lipovský">
Miroslav Lipovský

Miroslav Lipovský is a Slovakian professional ice hockey goaltender who played with Frederikshavn White Hawks in the AL-Bank Ligaen during the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30990784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990784" title="Kent Sorenson">
Kent Sorenson

Kent Sorenson (born March 29, 1972) was an Iowa state legislator. A Republican, he served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 2009 to 2011, representing District 74 and then represented District 37 in the Iowa Senate. 
, Sorenson was a member of the Judiciary, Natural Resources and Environment, and State Government committees of the Iowa Senate. He was also the ranking member of both the Senate and Joint Oversight Committees and a member of the Advisory Council for Agricultural Education, the Family Development and Self-Sufficiency Council, and the Human Rights Board.
Sorenson resigned from office October 2, 2013 after it was found he violated ethics guidelines related to campaign contributions to Michele Bachmann.
Electoral history.
Sorenson graduated from Indianola High School in 1990. He is the owner and operator of Pro-Kleen Maintenance.
Sorenson was first elected to the Iowa House in 2008, defeating incumbent Democrat Mark Davitt. He then ran for the Senate in 2010, defeating incumbent Democrat Staci Appel.
2012 Republican presidential caucus and ethics controversy.
On December 28, 2011, Sorenson resigned as Michele Bachmann's Iowa campaign chairman and endorsed Ron Paul as his choice in the 2012 Iowa caucus and the presidency of the United States.
In July 2012, Barb Heki, a Johnston, Iowa woman who once worked for Bachmann began legal proceedings against the former Bachmann campaign and her senior campaign aides, claiming Sorenson took an e-mail list from her private computer to promote Bachmann's candidacy among Christian homeschooling advocates before the Iowa caucuses, and that she was unjustly blamed for its use. (Court papers said she had told Sorenson that she would not provide the list to the campaign.) On September 11, Heki filed a police report stating that a private email list was stolen from her office at Bachmann's Iowa campaign office in Urbandale, Iowa sometime between November 1 and November 10, 2011. The police report lists the suspect as a 40-year-old man from Milo who is a state senator, but does not give the legislator's name. Sorenson, 40 at the time of the incident, is the only state senator from Milo.
The lawsuit also claims that Sorenson and Bachmann defamed her. Sorenson's lawyer said his client did not "make any defamatory or disparaging comments against Barb Heki. We'll present evidence that Senator Sorenson never said anything that could be construed as defamatory." 
In August 2013, conservative activist Dennis Fusaro claimed that Sorenson backed Ron Paul in the 2012 presidential campaign after demanding money from the Paul campaign. State senate rules prohibit campaigns from paying senators directly or indirectly. The Iowa Senate Ethics Committee assigned a state special investigator, who reported “probable cause” that Sorenson had broken Senate rules by accepting money for presidential campaign work. The 566-page report stated that Sorenson had in fact received the alleged payments from a $25,000 check from a top official of Paul’s presidential campaign, as well as from a political action committee connected to the Bachmann campaign. Sorenson switched from Bachmann’s campaign to Paul’s in the closing days of the GOP caucuses. Bachmann claimed at the time that he defected to her competitor’s team because they were paying him to do so. Sorenson had long denied being paid by any of the presidential campaigns. The investigator’s report said Sorenson’s denials may have violated state law – a class D felony for felonious misconduct by a public official.
The U.S. Justice Department has since subpoenaed records in connection with possible illegal campaign coordination between Bachmann’s campaign and another PAC, but is at present unclear which federal law(s) the Department believes may have been broken. The "New York Times" has reported on a grand jury investigation which began after Heki filed her complaints with the Federal Election Commission. The Federal Bureau of Investigation executed a search warrant in mid-November of 2013 at Sorenson's home, confiscating computers and other materials relating to communications. The "Des Moines Register" reported that the search was related to investigations of Sorenson's actions in the Bachmann and Paul campaigns.
2013 resignation.
Sorenson resigned from office October 2, 2013, after a special investigator appointed by the Iowa Supreme Court, Mark Weinhardt, found he likely violated ethics rules by taking money from political entities connected to former presidential candidates Michele Bachmann and Ron Paul then denied he’d done so (Iowa Senate Ethics Report ). According to the report, Sorenson received a $25,000 check and a $73,000 electronic banking transfer from the Ron Paul campaign. Iowa Attorney General’s Office spokesman Geoff Greenwood stated October 3, 2013, that Sorenson could be charged with a crime and prosecuted. Further, Polk County Attorney John P. Sarcone stated that his office would review the report and consider filing charges if the facts warrant any action.

</doc>
<doc id="30990789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990789" title="WSO2 Carbon">
WSO2 Carbon

WSO2 Carbon is the core platform on which WSO2 middleware products are built. It is based on Java OSGi technology, which allows components to be dynamically installed, started, stopped, updated, and uninstalled, and it eliminates component version conflicts. In Carbon, this capability translates into a solid core of common middleware enterprise components, including clustering, security, logging, and monitoring, plus the ability to add components for specific features needed to solve a specific enterprise scenario.
WSO2 Carbon was introduced in 2009 and received InfoWorld's 2009 'Best of Open Source Software', or "Bossie", award.

</doc>
<doc id="30990831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990831" title="Elliott Eli Jackson">
Elliott Eli Jackson

Elliott Eli Jackson (born October 29, 1955) is an African-American non-fiction writer, poet, and president of Quantum Matrix, Inc. Jackson is an inspirational and motivational speaker best known for his New Age books, "From God to You: Absolute Truth" and "The Sapiential Discourses Universal Wisdom". According to Jackson and his wife Diane, the books were “received via automatic typing (trance medium) while he was in an unconscious state of being”. Elliott and his wife Diane travel across America and the world organizing workshops and speaking on spirituality. Additionally, Elliott provides a channeled feature article each month in "The Sedona Journal of Emergence", one of the most recognized New Age publications in circulation, and the online magazine Eden. He and his wife have a large global grassroots following.
Biography.
Jackson was born in Chicago, Illinois to Harold and Florastien Jackson. Harold, a postal worker, and Florastien, a nursery school teacher, raised him and his sister, Harolyn, in Gary, Indiana. As a child, Jackson stuttered profusely, and was ridiculed by his peers, however, in his public appearances there are no signs or remnants of a stuttered speech pattern. Jackson attended Clark University in Atlanta, Georgia. He served in the United States Air Force for many years, and lived in England and Germany. While serving in the military, Jackson became addicted to drugs. After several attempts to stop using, Jackson finally succeeded after treatment at the Tri-City Mental Health Center, East Chicago, Indiana. Jackson went on to open a Transitional Residential Facility (Recovery House) in Gary, Indiana. Jackson additionally worked as an addiction counselor for the Southlake Center for Mental Health, Merrillville, Indiana and the Westville Correctional Facility, located in Westville, Indiana. Jackson is the father of 3 children. He and his wife Diane reside in Elgin, Illinois.
Early works.
In 2005 his life changed. According to Jackson and his wife, he began to write poetry inspired by God. Jackson's self-published first book "Cacophony", a collection of poems, received critical acclaim. 
Videos.
The Jackson's have several videos on YouTube, Quantummatrixcenter's Channel, which explain the “divine process” of receiving information for the "From God to You: Absolute Truth" and "The Sapiential Discourses Universal Wisdom" book series.

</doc>
<doc id="30990842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990842" title="Sidney Walnut Avenue Historic District">
Sidney Walnut Avenue Historic District

The Sidney Walnut Avenue Historic District is a neighborhood and historic district on the western side of the city of Sidney, Ohio, United States. Located a short distance northwest of the city's downtown, the Walnut Avenue District has been Sidney's premier residential neighborhood since its creation in the late nineteenth century.
Fifteen houses compose the district, which is located on the sides and top of a small hill. Twelve of the fifteen are located along Walnut Avenue, and the other three line North Street; they were built in such styles as Queen Anne, Greek Revival, and Italianate. Common construction materials include stone foundations, brick walls, and slate roofs. Although the oldest property in the district dates back to 1847, and the newest to 1913, the majority of the district's houses were built in the last years of the nineteenth century, and most houses in the neighborhood that are significantly older were extensively modified at that time. During the late nineteenth century, Sidney was passing through a period of transformation: since its establishment in 1820, its identity was that of a small county seat in an agricultural region, but by the end of the century, institutions such as the People's Federal Savings and Loan Association were causing it to gain prominence in commerce, industry, and banking. Leading members of the city's society, such as factory owners, bankers, and businessmen built large homes on the hillside along Walnut Avenue, and it became known as the city's élite residential neighborhood. Among its most important residents were jeweller Edward Kah, merchant Elias Griffis, garden company owner Bernard Wagner, and educator Herbert McVay.
At the end of 1983, the Sidney Walnut Avenue Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The district qualified for inclusion under two separate criteria: it was eligible because of its place in local history, and it was similarly eligible because of the distinctive historic architecture of the buildings within its boundaries. It was the last of Shelby County's three historic districts to be added to the Register, following the Lockington Locks by fourteen years and the Sidney Courthouse Square by three years.

</doc>
<doc id="30990848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990848" title="Peter Branson">
Peter Branson

Rear-Admiral Peter Branson, CBE (30 March 1924 – 1 January 2011) was a British naval officer was Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Operations) from 1975 until 1977. 
Born in Saint-Malo, France, Cecil Robert Peter Charles Branson grew up speaking fluent French and English. He had the rare distinction of being twice torpedoed while under training with the Royal Navy. In 1956, he was given command of the anti-submarine frigate HMS Roebuck and later given command of HMS Rooke, the naval base at Gibraltar. He retired from the Navy in 1977.
Family.
Peter Branson married Sonia Moss in 1945; she died in 2010. They had one child, a daughter. 

</doc>
<doc id="30990854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990854" title="Whitesell">
Whitesell

Whitesell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30990864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990864" title="Nuestra Belleza Colima">
Nuestra Belleza Colima

Nuestra Belleza Colima is a pageant in Colima, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2004 and 2005 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization has produced one Nuestra Belleza Mundo México titleholder in 2006 with Carolina Morán, she being the first and only woman from her state to win a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Nuestra Belleza Colima is located at number 12 with a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Colima, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Colima contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México only in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="30990866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990866" title="Dominik Kramár">
Dominik Kramár

Dominik Kramár is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30990872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990872" title="Pseudovolucella">
Pseudovolucella

Pseudovolucella is a genus of hoverflies, from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera. They are bee mimics found mostly in the mountains of south east Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="30990883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990883" title="Filip Björk">
Filip Björk

Filip Björk (born October 1, 1986) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman Known for his tough playing style and mobile skating. He is currently playing for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league.

</doc>
<doc id="30990886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990886" title="Jimmy Kremers">
Jimmy Kremers

James Edward Kremers (born October 8, 1965) is a former catcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Atlanta Braves in 1990.
In February, 1991, Kremers was traded to the Montreal Expos for Otis Nixon, who would go on to steal 72 bases for the Braves as they won the 1991 National League pennant. Kremers played five more years in the minor leagues but never again reached the majors. He retired after the 1995 season.
Kremers played college baseball at the University of Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="30990912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990912" title="Roby Smith">
Roby Smith

Roby Smith (born 1977) is a Republican politician and legislator from the state of Iowa.
He is a small business owner, and holds a Business degree from Concordia University. He is an Eagle Scout recipient, and supporter of the Boy Scouts of America. Prior to being elected to the state senate, he unsuccessfully ran for a seat in the Iowa House of Representatives in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="30990923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990923" title="Glen Bradley">
Glen Bradley

Glen Bradley (born September 11, 1973) is a former member of the North Carolina House of Representatives. A Republican, he represented the 49th District of North Carolina for one term. Bradley previously served as a US Marine Corps Corporal/Intelligence Analyst from 1993-1997.
Biography.
Bradley defeated Democrat John May in the general election held on November 2, 2010 with 51% of the vote. Bradley's election signaled a wide swing in the district, which had voted for former Democratic representative Lucy T. Allen 58%-41% over Keith Shearon in 2008.
In the House, Bradley filed bills to study whether or not the state should authorize an alternative currency, and to require the state to accept gold and silver as legal tender.
Bradley ran for the North Carolina Senate in 2012 but lost the Republican primary on May 8, 2012. He finished in last place out of three candidates, getting about 14% of the vote, behind winner Chad Barefoot (46%) and second-place finisher Michael Schriver (40%).
In 2013, Bradley ran for Vice-Chair of the North Carolina Republican Party at the state convention (June 7–9, 2013). He lost to Joyce Krawiec, placing second in a four-person field.

</doc>
<doc id="30990927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990927" title="Zero1">
Zero1

Zero1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30990953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990953" title="John Pitchlynn">
John Pitchlynn

John Pitchlynn was a Scottish-American who served as the official U.S. Interpreter for relations between the government of the United States and the Choctaw Nation, an office known at the time as the Choctaw Agency. His interactions extended from the time of George Washington through the administration of Andrew Jackson. He built a home on the west bank of the Tombigbee River that became the nucleus of the abortive village of Plymouth, Mississippi. The site is now part of the Plymouth Bluff Environmental Center.
Pitchlynn married Sophia Folsom, a mixed-race Choctaw of partly Anglo-American descent, whose father was Ebenezer Folsom, and mother "Natika" was Choctaw. Sophia's Choctaw name was "Lk-lo-ha-wah" (loved but lost). The couple married in 1804. 
The Pitchlynns had ten children. The most notable of these was their son Peter Pitchlynn, who later became principal chief of the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma after the removal of the 1831 Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="30990962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990962" title="2011–12 Minnesota Wild season">
2011–12 Minnesota Wild season

The 2011–12 Minnesota Wild season was the 12th season for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on June 25, 1997.
The Wild failed to qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs for the fourth time since the 2007–08 NHL season.
Off-season.
On June 17, 2011, the Wild officially introduced Mike Yeo as their new head coach. Yeo had been the head coach of the Wild's American Hockey League affiliate, the Houston Aeros.
Regular Season.
Excluding 11 shootout-winning goals, the Wild scored 166 goals overall, the fewest in the League.
Playoffs.
The Wild failed to qualify for the 2012 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Final roster.
Updated April 8, 2012.<br>
<!--

</doc>
<doc id="30990975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990975" title="Namco History">
Namco History

Namco History is a series of four Japan-only compilations of 1980s Namco arcade games released for Windows in the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="30990976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990976" title="Number Nineteen">
Number Nineteen

Number Nineteen is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring a performance recorded in Baarn, Holland in 1971 and released on the Freedom label. 

</doc>
<doc id="30990996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30990996" title="Suspension array technology">
Suspension array technology

Suspension Array Technology (or SAT) is a high throughput, large-scale, and multiplexed screening platform used in molecular biology. SAT has been widely applied to genomic and proteomic research, such as single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) genotyping, genetic disease screening, gene expression profiling, screening drug discovery and clinical diagnosis. SAT uses microsphere beads (5.6 um in diameter) to prepare arrays. SAT allows for the simultaneous testing of multiple gene variants through the use of these microsphere beads as each type of microsphere bead has a unique identification based on variations in optical properties, most common is fluorescent colour. As each colour and intensity of colour has a unique wavelength, beads can easily be differentiated based on their wavelength intensity. Microspheres are readily suspendable in solution and exhibit favorable kinetics during an assay. Similar to flat microarrays (e.g. DNA microarray), an appropriate receptor molecule, such as DNA oligonucleotide probes, antibodies, or other proteins, attach themselves to the differently labeled microspheres. This produces thousands of microsphere array elements. Probe-target hybridization is usually detected by optically labeled targets, which determines the relative abundance of each target in the sample.
Overview of SAT using DNA hybridization.
DNA is extracted from cells used to create test fragments. These test fragments are added to a solution containing a variety of microsphere beads. Each type of microsphere bead contains a known DNA probe with a unique fluorescent identity. Test fragments and probes on the microsphere beads are allowed to hybridize to each other. Once hybridized, the microsphere beads are sorted, usually using flow cytometry. This allows for the detection of each of the gene variants from the original sample. The resulting data collected will indicate the relative abundance of each hybridized sample to the microsphere.
Multiplexing.
Since microsphere beads are easily suspended in solution and each microsphere retains its identity when hybridized to the test sample, a typical suspension array experiment can analyze wide range of biological analysis in a single reaction, called “multiplexing”. In general, each type of microsphere used in an array is individually prepared in bulk. For example, the commercially available microsphere arrays from Luminex xMAPTM technology uses 10X10 element array. This array involves beads with red and infrared dyes, each with ten different intensities, to give a 100-element array. Thus, the array size would increase exponentially if multiple dyes are used. For example, five different dyes with 10 different intensities per dye will give rise to 100,000 different array elements.
Procedure.
Sample targeting.
When using different types of microspheres, SAT is capable of simultaneously testing multiple variables, such as DNA and proteins, in a given sample. This allows SAT to analyze variety of molecular targets during a single reaction. The common nucleic acid detection method includes direct DNA hybridization. The direct DNA hybridization approach is the simplest suspension array assay whereby 15 to 20 bp DNA oligonucleotides attached to microspheres are amplified using PCR. This is the optimized probe length as it minimizes the melting temperature variation among different probes during probe-target hybridization. After amplifying one DNA oligoprobe of interest, it can be used to create 100 different probes on 100 different sets of microspheres, each with the capability of capturing 100 potential targets (if using a 100-plex array). Similarly, target DNA samples are usually PCR amplified and labeled. Hybridization between the capture probe and the target DNA is achieved by melting and annealing complementary target DNA sequence to their capture probes located on the microspheres. After washing to remove non-specific binding between sequences, only strongly paired probe-target will remain hybridized.
Sorting and detection with flow cytometry.
"For more details on this topic, see flow cytometry"
Since the optical identity of each microsphere is known, the quantification of target samples hybridized to the microspheres can be achieved by comparing the relative intensity of target markers in one set of microspheres to target markers in another set of microspheres using flow cytometry. Microspheres can be sorted based using both their unique optical properties and level of hybridization to the target sequence.

</doc>
<doc id="30991002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991002" title="List of Presidents of the Landtag of Thuringia">
List of Presidents of the Landtag of Thuringia

Presidents of the Landtag of Thuringia

</doc>
<doc id="30991005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991005" title="Mark Chelgren">
Mark Chelgren

Mark Chelgren, (born January 21, 1968) is a Republican politician and legislator from the state of Iowa. He was elected to the Iowa Senate in 2010, defeating incumbent Democratic senator Keith Kreiman by 10 votes. He represents District 41.
After attending the University of California Riverside he obtained a degree at the Riverside Community College in Science. He is a member of the National Rifle Association.

</doc>
<doc id="30991013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991013" title="The Best of Country Sing the Best of Disney">
The Best of Country Sing the Best of Disney

The Best of Country Sing the Best of Disney is an album featuring country music artists singing Disney songs. It was released on September 10, 1996 by Walt Disney Records. The album peaked at number 17 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and number 107 on the all-genre Billboard 200. The song "Someday" is from "The Hunchback of Notre Dame".
See also.
Country Sings Disney - A similar compilation of country music artists singing Disney songs released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30991016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991016" title="Yaringa Marine National Park">
Yaringa Marine National Park

The Yaringa Marine National Park is a marine park in Western Port, Victoria, Australia.
It is located between the mainland and Quail Island Nature Conservation Reserve, about 9 km south-west of Tooradin. The area comprises saltmarsh, mangroves, sheltered intertidal mudflats, subtidal soft sediments and tidal channels. It is part of the Western Port Ramsar site.

</doc>
<doc id="30991029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991029" title="ISIRI 4243">
ISIRI 4243

ISIRI 4243 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) based on Directive 70/157/EEC. It defines "permissible
sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles".
The first edition was published in 2002 and was later amended and published in 2010 based on Directive 2007/34/EC.
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30991037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991037" title="Indigenous peoples of Panama">
Indigenous peoples of Panama

The Indigenous peoples of Panama are the native peoples of Panama. According to the 2000 census, there are 285,231 indigenous peoples living in Panama, and they make up almost 5% of the overall population. The Guaymí and Ngöbe-Buglé comprise half of the indigenous peoples of Panama.
Many of the tribes live on "comarca indígenas", which are administrative regions for an area with a substantial Indian populations. Three "comarcas" (Comarca Emberá-Wounaan, Kuna Yala, Ngöbe-Buglé) exist as equivalent to a province, with two smaller "comarcas" (Kuna de Madugandí and Kuna de Wargandí) subordinate to a province and considered equivalent to a "corregimiento" (municipality).
Languages.
Some native peoples speak Spanish, while many more retain their traditional languages. According to the 2000 census, the following indigenous languages are spoken in Panama:

</doc>
<doc id="30991046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991046" title="Black Glory">
Black Glory

Black Glory is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Munich 1971 and released on the Enja label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Waldron is in excellent form... playing with a knowledge of the avant-garde but still connected to the hard bop tradition". 

</doc>
<doc id="30991051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991051" title="William Wyatt Gill">
William Wyatt Gill

William Wyatt Gill (27 December 1828 – 11 November 1896) was an English missionary, active in Australia and the South Pacific region after 1851.
Early life.
Gill was born at Bristol, England, son of John Gill of Barton Hill and his wife Jane, daughter of Richard Wyatt. Educated in Kingsland Congregational Chapel, Bristol, he became a member at the age of 14 and had an early interest in the ministry.
After three years study at Highbury College, London, and a year study at New College, University of London (B.A., 1850), he was discouraged from missionary work, but his eagerness to accompany Rev. Aaron Buzacott to the Cook Islands met with approval and in June 1851 he was accepted by the London Missionary Society. On the 11 July he was ordained at Spa Fields Chapel and on 15 November he arrived at Hobart Town in the mission ship "John Williams" where he began his missionary work in Australia.
Missionary work.
Gill accompanied Buzacott and Henry Hopkins on missionary work at Launceston, Melbourne and Geelong. On 23 November 1851 he reached Sydney where he met Mary Layman Harrison, a pious Anglican, whom he married 19 December. In 1852-72 Gill worked at Mangaia, Cook Islands, except for five months in 1858 at Rarotonga in charge of the institution for training native teachers and a visit to Sydney in 1862-63. In 1872 with Rev. A. W. Murray he visited the principal islands in Torres Strait and on 7 November landed the first teachers, including six Cook Islanders, at Kataw in New Guinea. In 1873 he sailed for England where he read to the Royal Geographical Society his paper 'A Visit to Torres Straits and Mainland of New Guinea'. Gill was stationed on Rarotonga from April 1877 until he retired in November 1883 after his wife died in July. On the 10th of June 1885 he married his second wife Emily, née Corrie (1843-1923). In 1889 the University of St Andrews conferred on him an honorary doctorate.
Later life.
He died on 11 November 1896 and was buried in the Waverley Cemetery, Sydney. He was survived by his second wife and by seven of the ten children of his first marriage. His eldest daughter Honor was married to a missionary in Samoa.

</doc>
<doc id="30991059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991059" title="Lesbian (band)">
Lesbian (band)

Lesbian is an American heavy metal group, which was formed in April 2004 by lead guitarist Arran McInnis, guitarist Daniel La Rochelle, bassist/vocalist Dorando Hodous (The Accüsed) and drummer Benjamin Thomas-Kennedy.
The band's 2007 debut album, "Power Hor", was released on Holy Mountain Records with a sticker on the cover describing it as "The New Wave of American Psychedelic Metal". In 2008, Roadburn Records released a split 10" with Ocean on one side and Lesbian on the other, to coincide with Lesbian's appearance at the Roadburn Festival in Tilburg that year. Important Records released the band's second full-length album, "Stratospheria Cubensis", in October 2010, which the band describes on the label's website simply as "mushrooms in the sky with diamonds". The band has also been known to perform and release improvised works under the name Fungal Abyss.

</doc>
<doc id="30991069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991069" title="Joni Ernst">
Joni Ernst

Joni Ernst (born July 1, 1970, Red Oak, Iowa) is an American politician who serves as a Republican member of the Iowa Senate and as a Lieutenant Colonel in the Iowa Army National Guard. She is the GOP nominee for the United States Senate from Iowa in the 2014 midterms election.
Early life and career.
Before being elected to the Iowa Senate, Ernst was elected the Montgomery County Auditor in 2004 and re-elected in 2008.
Ernst was elected to the State Senate in a special election in 2011 and re-elected in 2012. She represents District 12, which serves the southwest part of the state.
In the Iowa Senate, Ernst is a ranking member of the Education Standing Committee, and also serves on the Veteran Affairs, Appropriations, Rules & Administration and Human Resources Standing Committees. Ernst is also a member of the Administration & Regulation Budget Subcommittee.
Ernst has served a combined 21 years in the United States Army Reserves and the Iowa Army National Guard. She spent 14 months mobilized and overseas in Kuwait from 2003-2004 as a company commander at the start of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Her unit was responsible for running logistical convoys in Kuwait and into southern Iraq. A Lieutenant Colonel, Ernst currently commands the largest battalion in the Iowa Army National Guard.
Political positions.
During the 2013 legislative session, Ernst worked on legislation which reduced property taxes in Iowa. She has also received an A rating from the National Rifle Association for her support of gun-rights issues.
In a May 2014 interview with "The Des Moines Register", Ernst expressed her support for a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced federal budget, a reduction in entitlements and discretionary spending, replacing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act with "free market alternatives", a "fairer, flatter, and simpler" tax code and for allowing law-abiding citizens to "freely carry" weapons, and expressed her opposition to cap-and-trade and federal involvement in education.
Regarding the Iraq War and weapons of mass destruction, Ernst stated: "We don't know that there were weapons on the ground when we went in, however, I do have reason to believe there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. That was the intelligence that was operated on. I have reason to believe there was weapons of mass destruction. My husband served in Saudi Arabia as an Army Central Command sergeant major for a year and that's a hot-button topic in that area." After criticism from Iowa Democrats and some commentators, Ernst then issued a clarifying statement in which she stated that she did not mean to suggest that Iraq had WMD at the time of invasion, but rather that Iraq had had WMDs in their past which they used, and that her point was that "we don't know exactly what happened to those weapons".
In a Republican primary debate in May 2014, Ernst said she would have voted against the 2014 U.S. Farm Bill, stated her view that the Clean Water Act is damaging for business, expressed her support for private Social Security accounts for young workers, and said that she opposed a federal minimum wage and that the minimum wage should be set at the state level. Ernst said she believes same-sex marriage is "a state issue" and pointed out that she had co-sponsored a bill to amend the state constitution in the Iowa Senate to prohibit same-sex marriage.
2014 U.S. Senate election.
In July 2013, Ernst announced that she would seek the Senate seat held by retiring Democratic Senator Tom Harkin. If elected, she would be the first woman from Iowa elected to either house of Congress.
Ernst received the endorsement of Iowa Lieutenant Governor Kim Reynolds in October 2013. She has also been endorsed by 23 current and former state legislators. In March the Ernst campaign was endorsed by Mitt Romney, a former Governor of Massachusetts and then by Sarah Palin, a former Governor of Alaska. In May 2014, Ernst was endorsed by the US Chamber of Commerce.
Ernst received widespread attention for a campaign advert she released in March 2014 where she employed a tongue-in-cheek comparison between her experience castrating pigs and her ability to cut "pork" in Congress. Many found the ad to be humorous and it was spoofed by late-night comedians including Jimmy Fallon and Stephen Colbert, but some found it to be in bad taste. Before the ad aired, Ernst had struggled in fundraising, and two polls of the Republican primary taken in February 2014 had shown her in second place, several points behind opponent Mark Jacobs. After it aired, a Suffolk University poll in early April showed her with a narrow lead and a Loras College poll showed her essentially tied with Jacobs. By May, she was being described by the media as the "strong front-runner".
In an interview with the "Des Moines Register" on May 9, 2014, Ernst said she was "extremely offended" by comments made by Republican opponent Mark Jacobs in which she was characterized as AWOL due to missing over 100 votes in the legislative session ending April 7, 2014. Ernst stated: "That term is very degrading in the military. I have never been AWOL". Previously, in an article in "The Gazette", Ernst cited her National Guard duty to rebuff criticism about her missing votes, but "The Gazette" found that only 12 of the 117 missed votes came on days when she was on duty. The other 105 missed votes represented 57 percent of the Iowa Senate votes that session. Ernst's spokesman said that she has had a better than 90 percent voting record during her career in the Senate and that she has not claimed guard service was the only reason she's missed votes this session.
Personal life.
Born and raised in Montgomery County, Iowa, Ernst resides in Red Oak, Iowa with her husband of 21 years, Gail, a Command Sergeant Major in the Army Rangers (retired) and their three daughters.
Ernst is a member of the Montgomery County Republican Women, Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 2265 (Life Member), Montgomery County Court of Honor, Altrusa, PEO Chapter HB, National Rifle Association (Lifetime Member) and the Montgomery County Farm Bureau. She is a member of the Mamrelund Lutheran Church (ELCA) of Stanton, Iowa.
Ernst is a graduate of Iowa State University and earned a Master's in Public Administration from Columbus College.

</doc>
<doc id="30991072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991072" title="Chery A1">
Chery A1

The Chery A1 is a supermini car manufactured by the Chinese automaker Chery Automobile since 2007.
Engines and equippment.
Engines.
The A1 is available with a 1.3-litre ACTECO SQR473F engine, that has double overhead camshafts and 4 valves per cylinder, giving a peak power output and peak torque of .
Trim levels.
There are three trim levels available Standard, Comfortable and Luxury. Both Comfortable and Luxury include air conditioning, alloy wheels, ABS, EBD, CD/MP3 player, electric windows, power steering, trip computer, rear reverse radar and central locking. The Luxury model includes front three-point seat belts with emergency locking retractor (ELR).
Marketing.
Europe.
In Italy, it is assembled by the DR Motor Company from semi-knocked down kits and marketed under its own brand, as the dr2. It was introduced at the 2009 Geneva Motor Show, as the third model marketed by the Italian company. It is available with 15-inch alloy rims and Euro V-compliant engine, and can be fitted with leather upholstery and an LPG kit.
In Europe, it is also marketed in Russia, Ukraine, Serbia, Macedonia and Turkey.
Australia.
In Australia, sales commenced in 2011 (in all states except Victoria), under the name of J1 (as Audi sells the A1 model there). The initial release price was $11,990 AUD; however, a $1,000 cashback offer was made available. This made it one of the cheapest new cars available in Australia, along with the Proton S16, Suzuki Alto and Geely MK (sold in Western Australia only).
It was equipped with more features for the Australian market, including 14-inch alloy wheels, front fog lamps, two front airbags, a six-speaker CD player, air-conditioning, electric windows and side mirrors and a rear windscreen wiper along with a strengthened body and grill. Optional features were floor mats, reversing sensors, Bluetooth connectivity and headlight covers.
Safety features such as ABS and EBD were also included; however, electronic stability control was unavailable. Because of this, the vehicle was never sold in the state of Victoria, which requires all new vehicles sold after 1 January 2011 to come with ESC. This requirement became Australia-wide as from the 1st of November, 2013, effectively banning the car along with some others. Also. it does not have side airbags. With these shortfalls, the Chery J1 scored a three star result in Australian ANCAP tests, making it one of the equal least-safe vehicles sold in the country. Indeed, ANCAP states that it "does not recommend purchasing vehicles with less than 4 stars". A defect in the seat frame necessitated a safety recall in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30991077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991077" title="3-way lamp">
3-way lamp

A 3-way lamp, also known as a tri-light, is a lamp that uses a 3-way light bulb to produce three levels of light in a "low-medium-high" configuration. A 3-way lamp requires a 3-way bulb and socket, and a 3-way switch. Unlike an incandescent lamp controlled by a dimmer, each of the filaments operates at full voltage, so the color of the light does not change over the three steps of light available. Certain compact fluorescent lamp bulbs are designed to replace 3-way incandescent bulbs, and have an extra contact and circuitry to bring about similar light level control.
Lamp bulbs with dual (carbon) filaments were built as early as 1902 to allow adjustable lighting levels. Large lamps of 500-watt rating were used for street lighting in France, which had a second filament at 200 watts to reduce lighting costs. In 1933 in the United States, Westinghouse announced a dual-filament lamp for commercial lighting and a smaller lamp for residential use. 
Three-way bulbs.
A 3-way incandescent bulb has two filaments designed to produce different amounts of light.
The two filaments can be activated separately or together, giving three different amounts of light. A typical 3-way incandescent bulb is a 50 W / 100 W / 150 W bulb. It has a low-power 50 W filament and a medium-power 100 W filament. When they are both energized at the same time, 150 W of power is delivered, and a high level of light is produced. Usually screw-base 3-way bulbs fit into regular Type A sockets. Larger 3-way bulbs (up to 300 W) have a larger "mogul" base. These 3 way bulbs can also come in spiral designs. 
Some compact fluorescent lamps have similar circuitry to produce the different amounts of light. 
Three-way sockets.
A standard screw lamp socket has only two electrical contacts. In the center of the bottom of a standard socket is the hot contact (contact one in photo), which typically looks like a small metal tongue bent over. The threaded metal shell is itself the neutral contact (contact three in photo). When a standard bulb is screwed into a standard socket, a matching contact on the bottom of the bulb presses against the metal tongue in the center of the socket, creating the live connection. The metal threads of the bulb base touch the socket shell, which creates the neutral connection, and this is how the electrical circuit is completed.
A 3-way socket has three electrical contacts. In addition to the two contacts of the standard socket, a third contact is added. This contact is positioned off-center in the bottom of the socket (contact two in photo). This extra contact matches a ring-shaped contact on the bottom of a 3-way bulb, which creates the connection for the second filament inside the bulb. A problem of these devices is that the ring contact of the socket (contact two in photo) digs into the lead seal on the lamp bulb's contact ring and this connection tends to fail early (sometimes in months), leading to intermittent flashes, popping noises, and loss of power to the low wattage filament as the lead seal on the bulb's ring alternately melts and solidifies.
The center contact of the bulb typically connects to the medium-power filament, and the ring connects to the low-power filament. Thus, if a 3-way bulb is screwed into a standard light socket that has only a center contact, only the medium-power filament operates. In the case of the 50 W / 100 W / 150 W bulb, putting this bulb in a regular lamp socket will result in it behaving like a normal 100W bulb.
A 3-way socket that is to be wired to a separate 3-way 2-circuit switch, is called a "keyless 3-way socket." This would be typical in a 3-way floor-standing torchiere lamp. A "keyed 3-way socket" has the switch incorporated in the lamp socket and requires no external wiring between switch and socket.
3-way, 2-circuit switches.
The switch used to control a 3-way lamp is usually a rotary switch or a pull-chain switch. Although it is referred to as a 3-way switch, it has four positions, off, lamp one (low), lamp two (medium), and lamps one and two (high). When properly connected to a 3-way socket containing a 3-way bulb, this switch will first power one filament, then the other filament, then both, then return to the off position. To do this, the switch must be capable of operating two different circuits. Internal to the switch there are two sets of switch contacts that are not connected electrically, but which are connected mechanically in such a way that they operate together as shown in this table.
Wiring a 3-way lamp.
Wiring a 3-way lamp is a simple matter of connecting the 3-way switch's two switched live wires (frequently red for the low-wattage circuit and blue for the medium-wattage circuit) from the switch to the two live terminals on the 3-way socket. The lamp's power cord must be connected so that the wire from the wide blade on the power cord plug (neutral) connects to the neutral terminal on the socket, and the wire from the narrow blade on the plug (hot) connects to the black wire on the switch.
Lamps with night lights.
Another type of 2-circuit lamp is also fairly common. This is the lamp with night light. While related to a 3-way lamp, this lamp is different from a 3-way lamp in both its intention and the parts it uses. The main intent of a lamp with night light is not to offer three levels of light, but rather to offer only two levels: a bright working light, and a very dim night light or decorative accent. Typically it does still use the 3-way 2-circuit switch. However, instead of having one 3-way socket, it uses two regular sockets.
A lamp with night light is often configured so that one of the two sockets is a medium-base socket, considered to be the Main Lamp (under the lamp shade), and the other socket is a candelabra-base socket that is the night light or decorative accent light. The night light is usually placed somewhere on or inside the body of the lamp. In a typical set-up, the main lamp would have a 150 W medium-base bulb, and the night light would have 7 W candelabra bulb. The operation of the switch is still the same, such that the night light comes on, then the main lamp, then both together, then it goes back to off.
Sometimes a 3-way 2-circuit switch is incorporated together with a regular socket, to be used as the main lamp socket in a lamp with a night light. In this configuration, the switched lamp one live terminal for the night light socket is exposed externally on the base of the socket, to be wired to the remote candelabra socket. Hence, this type of socket has a Hot terminal, a Neutral terminal, and a switched Hot terminal. This creates a confusing situation in which a keyed 3-way socket (which has a 3-contact socket at the top of it) has only two terminal screws, while a night-light socket (which does not have a 3-contact socket at the top) has three terminal screws on the base.

</doc>
<doc id="30991095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991095" title="Lisec, Trebnje">
Lisec, Trebnje

Lisec is a settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. It is a settlement of dispersed houses among the vineyards on the western slopes of Lisec Hill west of Dobrnič. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
A small open chapel-shrine in the northern part of the settlement dates to the second half of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="30991099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991099" title="Nuestra Belleza Chiapas">
Nuestra Belleza Chiapas

Nuestra Belleza Chiapas is a pageant in Chiapas, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2003, 2004 and 2005 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization hasn't had a national winner in Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Chiapas, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Chiapas contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México only in 2009.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="30991117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991117" title="Not Fade Away (Remembering Buddy Holly)">
Not Fade Away (Remembering Buddy Holly)

Not Fade Away (Remembering Buddy Holly) is a tribute album to Buddy Holly. It was released in February 1996 by MCA Records. The album peaked at number 19 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and number 119 on the all-genre Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="30991124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991124" title="Matthew Bouraee">
Matthew Bouraee

Matthew Bouraee (born July 29, 1988 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American soccer player who currently plays for the Adelaide Comets in the FFSA Super League.
Career.
Youth and College.
Bouraee attended Wall High School in Wall, New Jersey, where he broke the all-time school single season goal record previously held by University of Virginia's current head coach George Gelnovatch. By scoring 31 goals in a single season, Bouraee earned All State First Team and All Region honors. In his junior season Bouraee helped Wall become the #1 public soccer school in the state by winning a state championship.
Bouraee went on to play four years of college soccer at Cornell University in the Ivy League where he was named to the All Ivy League first team and the All America second team. Bouraee led Cornell in goals and points in all four of his years, and finished as the seventh leading scorer in the history of Cornell.
During his college years, Bouraee was a forward and eventual captain for the New York Red Bull NPSL team.
Professional.
Having spent time training with the New York Red Bulls, Sharjah SC, Red Bull Salzburg and at the Pepsi Football Academy in Cairo, Egypt, Bouraee signed a contract to play for the Puerto Rico Islanders of the North American Soccer League in January 2011.
He made his professional debut on April 17, 2011 in a game against FC Tampa Bay.
In 2012 he signed for FFSA Super League club Adelaide Comets. In his first season there they won the Carlsberg Cup.
On August 15, 2012, Bouraee made his first appearance playing for South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="30991126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991126" title="Cubeo language">
Cubeo language

Cubeo (Cuveo) is the language spoken by the Cubeo people in the Vaupés department, Cuduyari and Querarí rivers and tributaries in Colombia, and in Brazil and Venezuela. It is a member of the central branch of the Tucanoan language family. Cubeo has borrowed a number of words from the Nadahup languages and its grammar has apparently been influenced by Arawak languages. The language has been variously described as having an SOV or an OVS word order, the latter quite rare.
Phonetics and Phonology.
Vowels
There are 6 oral vowels and six nasal ones. (See if you are not familiar with this letter.)
Consonants
Unusually, Cubeo has a velar fricative /x/ but not strident fricatives. When older Cubeos use Spanish loans with /s/, they pronounce it as before vowels. The /s/ deletes in word-final position in loans as in < Sp. Jesús 'Jesus'.
Stress.
The stressed syllable is the first syllable with high tone in the phonological word (usually the second syllable of the word). Stress (and by extension, the position of the first high-tone syllable) is contrastive.
Nasality.
Most morphemes belong to one of three categories:
No roots are unmarked with respect to this nasal/oral division, however some roots are partially oral and nasal, 'to defecate'.
Suffixes that begin with consonants without nasal allophones may be only nasal or oral (not unmarked) although suffixes that begin with consonants that have nasal allophones () may belong to any of the three classes above. It is impossible to predict the class to which a nasalizable consonant-initial suffix may belong.
There are some suffixes that are partially oral and partially nasal, like -kebã 'suppose'. There are no cases in modern Cubeo in which -kebã is divided into separate oral and nasal suffixes.
Nasal assimilation.
Nasality spreads rightward from the nasal vowel, nasalizing all oral vowels within a word provided they are not nasal and that all intervening consonants are nasalizable ()
Unlike the previous example, in the next one nasality spreads from the initial vowel to the following one, but is blocked from the third syllable by a non-nasalizable :
Nasal spreading is blocked by underlyingly oral suffixes or vowels that are underlyingly oral in a nasal/oral morpheme.

</doc>
<doc id="30991138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991138" title="Combined Medical Services Examination">
Combined Medical Services Examination

The "Combined Medical Services" Examination or the CMS Exam is conducted by the Union Public Service Commission for recruitment as Medical Officer in various organizations such as the Indian Ordnance Factories, Indian Railways functuning under the Government of India. The Notification for the examination is usually released in the month of September and examination is conducted in January. Successful Candidates are admitted after an interview conducted by the UPSC for those having qualified the written examination.
Scheme of Examination.
There is an objective-type written examination with two papers of two hours duration, each carrying a maximum of 200 marks. This is followed by a Personality Test carrying 200 marks of candidates who qualify on the results of the written examination.
Paper I.
Maximum Marks : 200 
Paper II.
Maximum Marks : 200 
Candidates who qualify in the written examination are called for an Interview/Personality Test to be conducted by the Union Public Service Commission which carries 200 marks. 

</doc>
<doc id="30991157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991157" title="List of works for the stage by Lorenzo Ferrero">
List of works for the stage by Lorenzo Ferrero

This is a complete list of the stage works of the Italian composer Lorenzo Ferrero (born 1951).

</doc>
<doc id="30991177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991177" title="Remembering Patsy Cline">
Remembering Patsy Cline

Remembering Patsy Cline is a tribute album to Patsy Cline. It was released on September 9, 2003 by MCA Records. The album peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" Top Jazz Albums chart, number 8 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and number 71 on the all-genre Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="30991179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991179" title="List of Ibis the Invincible enemies">
List of Ibis the Invincible enemies

During his career Ibis the Invincible, a Fawcett Comics superhero with magical powers, has met many foes. Here are some of them.
Apollyon.
Only appearing in Whiz Comics #117 and based on Apollyon a demon in Christian lore. A demon who is summoned by a student called Brane who has found his magic book, killed Professor Hertz who had it and used the magic to destroy his body. Ibis finds the Professor has disappeared, but is able to summon up his spirit and learn what has happened. Apollyon is summoned up and tries to crush Ibis with his tail, but Taia turns it to straw. Finally he falls to the deepest fiery pit of Hades with the student and book taking Ibis with him, but Taia summons Ibis back to the world with the Ibistick and seals the pit. On another occasion he gave someone who loved Taia another Ibistick in exchange for his soul. The man died protecting Taia, but Ibis rescued his soul from Apollyon.
Black Rufe.
A thuggish criminal who was hanged three hundred years before the story for brutal crimes. Karnok brings him back after stealing Charon's boat with Ra-Tuth and he stops Taia from getting the Ibistick when Ra-Tuth attacks Ibis. He tries using his great strength to kill Ibis, but Taia strikes him with lightning using the Ibistick, and his other associates are soon killed.
Black Pharaoh.
Ibis #1. Sorcerous uncle of Ibis revived by the Sons of Set. The evil Pharaoh wanted to marry Taia, but could not as she was under the protection of Osiris, 'God of Justice.' An evil Priest who had been banished for using evil magic summoned the Underworld God Set who summoned up an army of demons to take over Egypt. Ibis rebelled and was imprisoned, but his uncle gave him the Ibistick. He used it to bring food, then escape. Ibis slew the Black Pharaoh when he tried to take Taia, but his love was wounded by an arrow she took for Ibis and put in a deep sleep that would last centuries...
The Cat.
First appearing in Whiz Comics #89. A Cat-being of great power who has a cult. The High priest of the Cult of the Great Cat has nine lives. Ibis first encounters the Cult when he meets a member who deserted the Cult. They are attacked by Cats, and despite Ibis summoning Cerberus to chase them away the man is killed. Ibis sees the dead cats become men. The Cat orders the High Priest to kill Ibis. The Priest dies when his knife turns to his heart in a fight with Ibis, but returns to life. He is killed again with the knife, but returns in Whiz Comics #89, swearing never to rest 'until Prince Ibis is eternally dead'. Ibis realises his nine lives after reading a book in Sanskrit, but is then attacked by a Jaguar, which he consumes with flame using the Ibistick, but it gives a human cry. The Great Cat tells him not to squander his lives and he makes another attack, getting into the apartment while Ibis and Taia are asleep using a rope to swing between buildings, where he covers Taia's mouth with his hand, then kidnaps her. Ibis discovers her missing and transports himself to who kidnapped her. He meets an old man who throws a cat at him, enabling him to snatch the Ibistick, with which he tries to blow Ibis to atoms, not realising its effects reverse if someone tries to destroy Ibis. Ibis transports himself to the Temple of the Cat in an equatorial jungle where Taia is about to be sacrificed to the Great Cat, and cat-like humanoids are present. He destroys the Temple and every living thing in it except for Taia and himself. The Great Cat, revealing itself as no mere monument, attaks them but Ibis turns it to ice and it starts melting. As the Great Cat has been destroyed, Cat-Man is also dead, as he drew his life from the Great Cat.
Charon.
Boatman of the river Styx. In Whiz Comics #96 he is shown as an Old Man who is neither a hero nor villain. In Whiz Comics #119 he is shown as a well-built middle-aged man. The story starts when a river bursts out next to a village, which washes two men away. The District Commissioner tells Ibis the locals won't use it, so Ibis should persuade them as he is a known master of white magic. Ibis gets there, but Taia sees the waters are black and the Ibistick vibrates, which it does in the presence of evil. Ibis worries about things coming out. Later that night, some boats sail along and from them emerge some figures, which include a three-headed dog, Cerberus. One of them reveals himself to be Charon, saying that Ibis sealed many of the entrances to his master's world, meaning he has made a new entrance. Ibis is disarmed and forced down by Cerberus, but Taia gets the Ibistick. However her mouth is covered by Charon before she can use it, and Charon orders two men to throw her into the river. Ibis is able to defeat Cerberus, using a long tree-branch to knock all its three heads out. Charon says he knows Ibis cannot be directly hurt with the Ibistick, so he uses it to give himself the strength of a thousand men and tries to crush Ibis with a tree. However Ibis is able to regain his Ibistick, restores Charon to normal, then binds him and Cerberus in unbreakable chains, before rescuing Taia. He then tells Charon to close this entrance off, and restore all those they had taken unlawfully. He then makes the river flow the other way, meaning the village can use it.
Dalaghar.
The sorcerer of the Pharaoh who was stealing from the Pharaoh’s treasury. When Ibis was charged by the Pharaoh to discover the thief and found him by making one of the swords lead him to the thief, he escaped to the Cavern of the Seven Statues and cast a spell to turn him into a stone statue, allowing him to fool Ibis who does not bother to count them. However he is then sealed in there by an avalanche, while Ibis gets out with the stolen treasure. 4000 years ago the Seven Statues are discovered, although the archaeologist is curious as to why there are eight. He takes them to a museum and calls Ibis who is an expert on Egyptology, but Dalaghar escapes, causing Ibis to suspect him. Dalaghar feels cramped and is arrested for disturbing the peace by disrupting traffic, but escapes next day by becoming a statue, which is thrown out. Ibis finds him, but he takes the Ibistick and commands it to hit Ibis with a giant hammer, which instead hits him, breaking him like stone. Ibis reveals he was stone for so many years he was slowly turning to stone. Taia says that his death finally caught up with him after many years.
Gorgons.
Based on the Gorgons Stheno and Euryale of Greek myth. Ibis goes to a town as apparently the Gorgons live in a cave nearby. He hears Henry Jones has disappeared while looking for his son who went into the cave, which the locals think is haunted. Ibis goes into the cave with a ball of string as it is a Labyrinth. The lamp goes out, so Ibis commands the Ibistick to glow like a beacon. They find a man turned to stone, however Taia is then turned to stone. The Gorgon tries to turn Ibis to stone, but Ibis creates magic spectacles to ward of her gaze. He then summons up the sword of Perseus, who killed one of the Gorgons centuries ago, and slays the snake the Gorgon, who calls herself Stheno, sets on him. He then throws the sword and kills Stheno, who calls on her sister to avenge her. A beautiful woman then appears and tells Ibis she was freed from the Gorgon's curse by it being killed. She then smashes the spectacles and her gaze starts turning Ibis to stone. Ibis is able to squeeze out some syllables, causing lightning to strike him and restore him to normal. He then commands the cave walls to close in on Euryale, rushing her to death. When the last Gorgon dies, her victims are restored to normal.
Hamed.
Only appearing in Whiz Comics #3. A local leader of bandits. After his men see Ibis create a new Thebes in Egypt, he decides to get the Ibistick. His men kidnap Taia. Ibis gets to the camp and turns the men into geese. He gets into Hamed's tent where Taia is bound and gagged. He turns Hamed into a pig, then returns with Taia.
Karnok.
First appearing in Whiz Comics #90. Karnok is Master of Evil and leader of the School of Sorcerers. After they complete the Ninth Ritual, he tells them to bring a sacrifice to Fa-Lij, the God of Sorcerers. If it fails to please him the Offender will die. His most brilliant student Leku decides to bring Ibis killing him with a magic magnifying glass that focuses the sun's heat, but Ibis uses the Ibistick to cool the room and follows the offender. Karnok in anger casts a spell on Leku that will shrivel the flesh from his bones. His men seize the Ibistick and Karnok uses his magic to chain Ibis, planning to sacrifice him, cutting his heart out allowing Fa-Lij to claim his soul for Eternity. However, Leku in anger at Karnok and close to death throws the Ibistick to Ibis, who frees himself, stops the knife, and destroys the school, though Karnok escapes using his magic to transport himself away.
He next appears in Whiz Comics #96, trying to bring people back from the dead, but fails, claiming he was planning to bring back Ra-Tuth and Black Rufe. However, he is attacked by Ibis whose Ibistick vibrates in the presence of evil. He kicks Ibis to slow him down, then runs away but is hit by a car and transported to the Underworld, where he knocks Charon out with his oar. He then takes Ra-Tuth and Black Rufe back in Charon's boat and they attack Ibis, but they are all killed and Ibis causes his Ibistick to make a pit that sends Karnok to 'the deepest pit of Hades'.
Moon-men.
Thousands of years ago they competed with humanity for master yof Earth, but lost and were banished to the Moon. Coincidentally Taia goes with Professor Letter who has heard of them on a Rocket ship he invented to the Moon. Ibis transports himself to the ship and gives himself the power to survive in the vacuam of space. They find what appear to be statues of huge men made of white stone, but the Professor says these are the creatures, frozen, though the Iibistick vibrates in their presence. Some statues are taken back to the ship and revive, attacking the humans and killing Letter, but the ship crashes from fricton, and the Moon-Men are killed in the fire.
Murder Malone.
A crook who with other crooks takes over Boytown, a place for orphans, and forces them to work on Munitions to sell to the Axis Powers. Ibis receives a message that Boytown is in danger, so creates an airship called the Ibiship and travels there. He defeats the gang and creates a jail for Boytown, where Malone is imprisoned. However Malone escapes. He binds and gags Taia and escapes in the Ibiship with her. Ibis creates another airship to follow them and finds the plane has crashed. He gets to Malone's base, where Taia is bound to a chair. However Ibis loses the Ibistick when attacked by Malone's henchmen and is handcuffed. Malone tries to use the Ibistick to turn Ibis into a toad but becomes one himself. Ibis then turns the other crooks into toads and leaves with Taia.
Ra-Tuth.
An Egyptian Sorcerer who was brought back from the dead by Karnok with Black Rufe. He casts a spell which makes the Spirit of the Sphinx attack Ibis. Hearing Taia is being attacked by Black Rufe he uses the Ibistick to turn the Sphinx to stone. Black Rufe is killed and Ibis casts a spell which makes Karnok and Ra-Tuth fall to the Underworld. Soon they are doomed to wander for Eternity the bleak shores of the land of the dead.
Trug.
1941, Whiz #13. Oriental criminal who seeks magical powers, first by stealing the Ibistick. He becomes a recurring foe of Ibis. He wears a turban and suit but with stereotypical middle eastern features.
Vampire Twins.
1948, Whiz Comics #101. Baron Ornzy and his sister Maryani are the vampire twins. While travelling on an ocean liner, their kills attract the attention of Prince Ibis and Taia. The Baron is killed when they try to kill Ibis and Taia (who sleep in separate rooms). The following issue, Maryani tries to avenge the death of her brother and calls forth an evil primeval spirit in the form of a great bat and briefly manages to get Ibis under her sway. However, she is slain when she tries to use the Ibistick against Ibis (she commands it to turn him into dust) and the spell is rebounded against her. Ibis then commands the stick to consume the bat in flame. A little curious about the name as it's very close to that of Baroness Orczy, the creator of the Scarlet Pimpernel.

</doc>
<doc id="30991186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991186" title="Lyons Sign Language">
Lyons Sign Language

Lyons Sign Language is an old sign language of France. It is not intelligible with and apparently not related to French Sign Language, which developed in Paris. The number of current speakers is not attested.
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) posits that LSL is a language isolate (a 'prototype' sign language).
Wittmann further suspects that LSL gave rise to Belgian Sign Language, of which today the two dialects, Flemish Sign Language and French Belgian Sign Language, are treated separately.

</doc>
<doc id="30991196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991196" title="Joanne Siegel">
Joanne Siegel

Joanne Siegel (December 1, 1917 – February 12, 2011) was an American model who in the 1930s worked with Superman creator Joe Shuster as the model for Lois Lane, Superman's love interest. She later married Superman's co-creator Jerry Siegel and sued for restoration of her husband's authorship copyright in the Superman character.
Life and career.
Siegel was born Jolan Kovacs in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1917, the daughter of Hungarian immigrants. In 1935, while still attending high school, Kovacs placed an advertisement in Cleveland's "The Plain Dealer" offering her services as a model. The ad stated: "Situation Wanted — Female ARTIST MODEL: No experience." Joe Shuster, who was working on a new comic character, Superman, responded to the ad. Prior to the modeling sessions, Shuster's co-creator, Jerry Siegel, had developed an idea for a journalist to be Superman's love interest, Lois Lane. Shuster hired Kovacs as a model for Lane, and his depiction of Lane was based on his drawings of Kovac's hairstyle and facial features. Interviewed in 1996 by "The Plain Dealer", she recalled, "I remember the day I met Jerry in Joe's living room. Jerry was the model for Superman. He was standing there in a Superman-like pose. He said their character was going to fly through the air, and he leaped off the couch to demonstrate." "The New York Times" wrote, "Ms. Siegel was the first in a long line of Lois Lanes, who have included Phyllis Coates, Noel Neill, Teri Hatcher, and Erica Durance on television, as well as Margot Kidder in the movies." 
Following her modeling work for Shuster, Kovac worked as an artist's model, sometimes using the professional name Joanne Carter. She worked for a ship builder in California during World War II. After the war, Kovacs moved to New York, where she ran into Jerry Siegel at a costume ball to raise money for cartoonists. Both had been married and divorced previously, and the two were married in 1948. They lived in Connecticut and New York before moving to California in the 1960s. They remained married until Jerry Siegel's death in 1996 and had a daughter, Laura, who later recalled, "My father said she not only posed for the character, but from the day he met her it was her personality that he infused into the character. She was not only beautiful but very smart and determined, and she had a lot of guts; she was a courageous person." In a profile of Siegel, NPR noted, "Though a number of actresses played Lane on television and in the movies over the years, Superman co-creator Jerry Siegel always said that his wife, Joanne ... inspired the character of Lois Lane." 
Despite the success of Superman in comic books, television and motion pictures, Siegel and Shuster had sold the copyright to Detective Comics for $130, and the Siegels led a modest lifestyle. Their daughter recalled, "My mother and father lived in complete poverty for many, many years." Joanne Siegel worked for a time as a car salesman in Santa Monica, California, to help support the family. Siegel lived in the Marina Del Rey section of Los Angeles in her later years.
Siegel devoted herself to reclaiming the original Superman copyright. At one point, she called the publisher of Superman and said, "How can you sit by and continue to make millions of dollars off of a character that Jerry co-created and allow him to live in this unbelievable poverty?" In the late 1970s, DC Comics agreed to pay both Siegel and Shuster a stipend of $20,000 per year for life, but Joanne Siegel was not satisfied and continued the fight, even after her husband died in 1996. She filed a lawsuit in 1999 seeking partial ownership of the Superman character. In 2006, Siegel won partial summary judgment in a lawsuit with DC Comics. The Court found that Joanne Siegel and her daughter had successfully recaptured the Superboy copyright in 2004 and opined that the television program "Smallville" was infringing the Siegels' copyright. In 2008, Siegel secured a further ruling from a federal court in Los Angeles restoring her husband's co-authorship share of the original Superman copyrights. In a 72-page decision, the Court ruled that Jerry Siegel was entitled to claim a share of the United States copyright to Superman, while leaving intact DC Comics' international rights to the character. Following the ruling, Joanne Siegel told the press, "We were just stubborn. It was a dream of Jerry's, and we just took up the task."
Siegel died on February 12, 2011 at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica. Following her death, Siegel's lawyer noted, "All her life she carried the torch for Jerry and Joe — and other artists. There was a lot of Lois Lane in Joanne Siegel."

</doc>
<doc id="30991197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991197" title="Armenian Sign Language">
Armenian Sign Language

Armenian Sign Language is the deaf sign language of Armenia. It is not known if it bears any relationship to Armenian Women's Sign Language, which was used by Armenian women during periods of mourning due to speech taboos.
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) posits that ArSL is a language isolate (a 'prototype' sign language).

</doc>
<doc id="30991198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991198" title="Gradišče pri Trebnjem">
Gradišče pri Trebnjem

Gradišče pri Trebnjem () is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gradišče" to "Gradišče pri Trebnjem" in 1953. 
Cultural heritage.
A pregistoric hillfort dated to the late Bronze Age has been identified at the settlement. The name "Gradišče" itself suggests the existence of a fortified prehistoric settlement, and an archaeological survey in 1989 confirmed and dated the site.
In 1936 a chapel dedicated to Saint Joseph was built in the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="30991211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991211" title="TS Venkannaiah">
TS Venkannaiah

Taluku Shamarao Venkannaiah (ತ.ಶಾ.ವೆಂಕಣ್ಣಯ್ಯ) (17 November 1941 – 14 June 2012) was an Indian author and educator. Venkannaiah was born in Shimoga Shimoga district to a native Telugu family. He was named after his father's elder brother TS Venkannaiah (Talukina Subbanna Venkannaiah), a legendary name in Kannada literature. Residing at Sringeri he had served as principal in JCBM College of Sringeri, Chikmagalur Dist, Karnataka State, South India.
He was a Sanskrit professor in JCBM college Sringeri. He translated many works and was a chief editor of magazines like "Bhamathi" (JCBM College magazine which won awards for many consecutive years during his time as editor), monthly "Sadguru's Blessings" of Harihara Pura Mat, and Seva Sadana of Gubbi Chidambarashram for many years. His translations include Will Durant's greatest work the "History of Greece" volume 9. He served as Sringeri Taluk Kannada Sahitya Parishat president.
Education and career.
Venkannaiah studied his primary and secondary education in Shimoga and later on moved to Mysore for higher studies. He completed his MA in Sanskrit from Mysore University in 1963 and worked as sub-editor in Adult Education Council, Mysore for six months and started his career as a high school teacher in Deshiya Vidyashala from 1964 to 1965. On 8 July 1965 he became a lecturer in JCBM College in Srigeri (the Sharada Peetham). He retired as principal of the same college on 30 November 1999.
Works and message.
Venkannaiah was a writer and a translator par excellence. For his works he was awarded Sahitya Siri by Kannada Sahitya parishat. He is against meaningless practices and rituals, and he is for true understandings of spiritual texts. His heartfelt words are expressed in his commemoration volume "Sahrudayi". Venkannaiah's writings vary from Sanskrit works to English and Telugu works.

</doc>
<doc id="30991220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991220" title="Luus–Jaakola">
Luus–Jaakola

In computational engineering, Luus–Jaakola (LJ) denotes a heuristic for global optimization of a real-valued function. In engineering use, LJ is not an algorithm that terminates with an optimal solution; nor is it an iterative method that generates a sequence of points that converges to an optimal solution (when one exists). However, when applied to a twice continuously differentiable function, the LJ heuristic is a proper iterative method, that generates a sequence that has a convergent subsequence; for this class of problems, Newton's method is recommended and enjoys a quadratic rate of convergence, while no convergence rate analysis has been given for the LJ heuristic. In practice, the LJ heuristic has been recommended for functions that need be neither convex nor differentiable nor locally Lipschitz: The LJ heuristic does not use a gradient or subgradient when one be available, which allows its application to non-differentiable and non-convex problems.
Proposed by Luus and Jaakola, LJ generates a sequence of iterates. The next iterate is selected from a sample from a neighborhood of the current position using a uniform distribution. With each iteration, the neighborhood decreases, which forces a subsequence of iterates to converge to a cluster point.
Luus has applied LJ in optimal control, transformer design, metallurgical processes, and chemical engineering.
Motivation.
At each step, the LJ heuristic maintains a box from which it samples points randomly, using a uniform distribution on the box. For a unimodal function, the probability of reducing the objective function decreases as the box approach a minimum. The picture displays a one-dimensional example.
Heuristic.
Let "f": "n" → be the fitness or cost function which must be minimized. Let x ∈ "n" designate a position or candidate solution in the search-space. The LJ heuristic iterates the following steps:
Convergence.
Nair proved a convergence analysis. For twice continuously differentiable functions, the LJ heuristic generates a sequence of iterates having a convergent subsequence. For this class of problems, Newton's method is the usual optimization method, and it has quadratic convergence ("regardless of the dimension" of the space, which can be a Banach space, according to Kantorovich's analysis).
The worst-case complexity of minimization on the class of unimodal functions grows exponentially in the dimension of the problem, according to the analysis of Yudin and Nemirovsky, however. The Yudin-Nemirovsky analysis implies that no method can be fast on high-dimensional problems that lack convexity:
"The catastrophic growth the number of iterations needed to reach an approximate solution of a given accuracy as number of dimensions increases to infinity shows that it is meaningless to pose the question of constructing universal methods of solving ... problems of any appreciable dimensionality 'generally'. It is interesting to note that the same holds for ... problems generated by uni-extremal [that is, unimodal (but not convex) functions."
When applied to twice continuously differentiable problems, the LJ heuristic's rate of convergence decreases as the number of dimensions increases.

</doc>
<doc id="30991227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991227" title="Ecuadorian Sign Language">
Ecuadorian Sign Language

Ecuadorian Sign Language is the deaf sign language of Ecuador.
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) posits that ESL is a language isolate (a 'prototype' sign language), though one developed through stimulus diffusion from an existing sign language, likely French Sign Language.

</doc>
<doc id="30991232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991232" title="A. flavus">
A. flavus

A. flavus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30991235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991235" title="Glaphyra (hetaera)">
Glaphyra (hetaera)

Glaphyra () was a Hetaera, a form of courtesan, who lived in the 1st century BC. Glaphyra was famed and celebrated in antiquity for her beauty, charm and seductiveness. Her marriage to Archelaus the elder of Capadocia gave her political power. Her later affair with Mark Antony occassioned a vulgar poem from Octavian Caesar.
Marriage to Archelaus.
Glaphyra was a Greek woman from Cappadocia from obscure origins. Glaphyra had married a Cappadocian Greek nobleman called Archelaus, the High Priest Ruler of the temple state of Comana, Cappadocia. Archelaus was the High Priest of the Roman Goddess of War, Bellona. Through her marriage to Archelaus, Glaphyra became a ruler of the temple state. Archelaus' father of the same name had descended from King Mithridates VI of Pontus. 
Glaphyra bore Archelaus two sons:
In 47 BC the Roman Dictator Gaius Julius Caesar after the conclusion of his military victory against the Triumvir Pompey, deprived and deposed Archelaus of his office of high priest and rule over Comana. Archelaus was replaced by another Greek nobleman called Lycomedes. Pompey was their family patron and it was he that appointed his father as High Priest Ruler of the temple state of Comana. Sometime after Archelaus had died at an unknown date. After the death of Archelaus, Glaphyra remained in Cappadocia with her sons. Glaphyra could be seen as the widow of the dynast of Comana. 
Affair with Antony.
Years later, Glaphyra became one of the mistresses to the Roman Triumvir Mark Antony. Through her beauty, Glaphyra had influenced and induced Antony to designate and install her first son as King of Cappadocia. In 36 BC, Antony removed and executed Ariarathes X of Cappadocia from his throne and installed Archelaus as the successor of Ariarathes X. 
Glaphyra appeared to be a powerful lady at the Royal Court and internal politics in Cappadocia. Her powerful influence can be demonstrated by contemporary invective about the time of the Battle of Actium in 30 BC, by certain frank and famous verses which Triumvir Octavian composed about Antony. Antony had fallen in love with her. Octavian wrote a vulgar squib about the affair, referring to Antony's wife Fulvia: 

</doc>
<doc id="30991246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991246" title="L. flavus">
L. flavus

L. flavus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30991248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991248" title="Nepali Sign Language">
Nepali Sign Language

Nepali Sign Language or Nepalese Sign Language (Nepali: नेपाली साँकेतिक भाषा) is the main deaf sign language of Nepal. It is a somewhat standardized language based informally on the variety of Kathmandu, with lesser input from varieties of Pokhara and elsewhere. As an indigenous sign language, it is not related to oral Nepali. Although as yet unofficial, in practice it is recognized by the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Women, Children and Social Welfare, and is used (albeit in a somewhat pidginized form) in all schools for the deaf. In addition, there is legislation underway in Nepal which, in line with UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (UNCRPD) which Nepal has ratified, should give Nepalese Sign Language equal status with the spoken languages of the country.
History.
Sign languages, it has been argued, generally come into existence when a "critical mass" of deaf come together in one place and time, and this event is generally associated with the founding of schools for the deaf. Although the beginnings of Nepali Sign language are similarly often attributed to the introduction sign language into schools for the deaf, it would be surprising if in fact there had been no sign language at all prior to this point in time.
However, what we now know of as Nepali Sign Language probably does owe its origins to the first school for the deaf in Nepal, established in Kathmandu in 1966, by an ENT Doctor in a room of the hospital where he worked. The school was later moved to a children’s home in Naxal. The aim of the school was to teach speech therapy to deaf children to have them learn to speak. Even so, deaf people who went to the school at this time recall using signs with each other during and after school. The oral policy continued until the arrival of the Patricia Ross, who tried to have total communication introduced into the school in 1985.
In 1980, 13 young Kathmandu deaf established the Deaf Welfare Association. This was the first association of any type established by disabled themselves and run under their own leadership & management. Later the name of the organization was changed to Kathmandu Association of the Deaf (KAD). One of the chief goals of KAD was social reform of deaf people with an effort to promote and further develop sign language. At the time sign language was still banned in the deaf school; however, KAD worked hard to keep it alive at deaf gatherings on weekends. Later KAD developed a one-handed fingerspelling system for devanagari with the support of UNICEF.
Role of other sign languages in development.
As we will see below in the section on work on the first NSL dictionary was undertaken by an American in conjunction with KAD. Although this American was hearing, she had a basic knowledge of the American Sign Language and had worked with deaf in Jamaica previously as a volunteer. Although the process of collecting signs focused on Nepalese Sign Language itself, it is hard to imagine that the process did not occasionally involve Ross interjecting signs she already knew. Thus, it is hard to imagine that there was no influence from other languages (e.g. ASL) during this process. In addition, Nepalese deaf had already had contact with some Italian and Swedish Deaf who had come Nepal as tourists.
Generally speaking then, NSL developed as a natural language established by the deaf community of Kathmandu valley, but we cannot deny the influence of the other sign languages, nor of artificial systems of sign such as Total Communication or Simultaneous Communication. This influence from outside due to contact (with, for example Indian Sign Language and with structural principles introduced from artificial sign systems used in the United States) was strong during its initial stage of the formation, but in different ways and to different degrees remains strong to this day (although the contact is more with International Sign, American Sign Language and various European sign languages used by visiting deaf tourists and by deaf from European funding organizations). There are also, not surprisingly, semantic overlaps with spoken Nepali (and perhaps other spoken languages).
Sociolinguistics.
Although much work remains yet to be done, it is clear that Nepalese Sign Language is not used natively by the overwhelming majority of deaf people in Nepal. There are a number of reasons for this. The main reason, however, is that, as with hearing Nepalese, the majority of deaf in Nepal live in villages, surrounded by non-signing hearing population and not in contact with NSL users. Since the overwhelming majority of deaf children in Nepal as in all countries are born into hearing families without a single signing member, Nepalese Sign Language is primarily learned first at schools for the deaf. However, as these schools are few in number, and not readily accessible to most, it can be concluded that most deaf Nepalese have no opportunity to acquire Nepalese Sign Language under normal circumstances. (To a certain small extent, the National Deaf Federation Nepal, in programs funded by the Swedish Deaf Association (SDR), Deaf Way-UK and other funders, sends trained deaf sign language instructors to remote villages to teach deaf there (and their families and fellow villagers) the basics of Nepalese Sign Language. Unfortunately, such instructors are few in number, and cannot possibly reach all deaf Nepalese.
While the vast majority of non-hearing Nepalese do not have the opportunity to acquire NSL, those who are a part of the country’s active Deaf communities are often well connected to wide international network of signers through formal relationships with foreign Deaf organizations and personal relationships with foreign signers initiated and maintained through channels such as tourism, Facebook, and Skype chatting.
Both of these extremes affect NSL. Researchers have discussed the homesign systems generated by Deaf Nepalese in the absence of or in addition to NSL, which are one source of linguistic variation in the language and the potential impact of late exposure to NSL on signing practice. In addition, scholars have noted that first exposure to signing practice often takes place in schools for the deaf, where classes are taught primarily by hearing teachers who use Signed Nepali or Sign-Supported Nepali (that is, signing that uses lexical items from NSL but grammatical constructions from spoken Nepali); this code can become another source of variation in Deaf Nepalese' signing repertoire.
Role of the Nepali Manual Alphabet.
As mentioned above, a one-handed fingerspelling system for devanagari, the Nepali manual alphabet, was developed by KAD with the support of UNICEF. Although the idea behind this alphabet may have been motivated by foreign fingerspelling alphabets (especially American manual alphabet and the International manual alphabet), in fact only a few of the forms of the letters can be said to derive directly from those foreign alphabets (i.e. अ from “a”, ब from “b”, म from “m”, and र from “r”).
The Nepalese Manual Alphabet is used not for NSL per se, but for code switching into Nepali (i.e. when a signer spells out a personal or place name, or a Nepali word). The importance of the forms of this alphabet are, however, not restricted to this function. Indeed, fingerspelling handshapes have been widely used in development of new signs, through a process perhaps borrowed from America's various systems of Signed English, whereby the initial letter of the Nepali word is incorporated into the NSL, thus creating so-called "initialized signs". Perhaps more than anything else, it is this system of initialized signs which makes the lexicon of NSL structurally different from the lexicon of Indian Sign Language.
Classification.
The classification of Nepalese Sign Language is currently under dispute.
Older work has suggested that Nepalese Sign Language is not related to other sign languages. Wittmann (1991) posits that NSL is a language isolate (a 'prototype' sign language), though one developed through stimulus diffusion from an existing sign language, likely Indo-Pakistani Sign Language or the systems that underlay it. Gallaudet University reports that NSL was "developed by the Peace Corps from local and American signs".
Woodward (1993) compared sign-language varieties in India, Pakistan and Nepal and found cognate rates of 62–71%. He concluded these are separate languages of the same family. Zeshan concludes that “IPSL may be in use throughout India, Pakistan, and Nepal with varying degrees of dialectal variation”.
Although it is indisputable that Nepalese Sign Language shares a significant number of signs with the various varieties of sign languages of the Indian Subcontinent (specifically Delhi and Bombay varieties of Indian Sign Language) and Karachi variety of Pakistani Sign Language), argues that previous work, especially that of Woodward and Zeshan cited above, suffer from numerous flaws, both in theory, method, data and conclusion. Both use lexicostatistical methods which have been widely criticized (and discarded) by historical linguists for decades. In addition, although both modify the word lists on which they perform their statistics, they nevertheless apply cutoff percentages derived from the standard word lists.
Although it is unclear how or where Zeshan obtained her data (as she has never been in Nepal), Woodward is clear: his data is obtained from the first "dictionary" of Nepalese Sign Language. This dictionary, as many first attempts, has numerous flaws, including the fact that at least one of the sign language informants had received his education in India, and thus his sign language at least is likely to be influenced by Indian Sign Language, thus potentially skewing the data in favor of Woodward's conclusions.
As Morgan shows, an analysis of the sign languages as currently used in Nepal (i.e. the national sign language) and India (standard Indian Sign Language), argues for two alternative conclusions. One likely alternative is that Nepalese Sign Language was never a member of a proposed Indo-Pakistani Sign Language family, and all supposed cognate signs are either the result of borrowing (NSL has been influenced by ISL signing practices, particularly in the schools for the deaf in the south of the country), a shared South Asian gestural base (which Zeshan herself alludes to as an area which needs further research), or of chance similarity. Another possible alternative is that at one point in time Nepali SIgn Language and Indo-Pakistani Sign Language did in fact share a common source, but subsequent (and rapid) changes in NSL (and likewise in IPSL) over the past 30 years have resulted in a situation where the two languages are no longer related.
Lexicon.
Work on documenting the lexicon of Nepalese Sign Language started in the mid-1980s. The first work collecting signs in Nepal that we know of was started in 1985. Patricia Ross, an American Peace Corps volunteer, was a pioneer in sign language research in Nepal. However, her work with Kathmandu Association of the Deaf (KAD) was to collect already existing signs, not creating new signs. As she herself writes: "The initial stumbling block in initiating total communication in Nepal was the lack of any recorded sign language. Many people did not know that there was a fully developed system of Nepalese signs. Despite the fact that sign was not used in the schools, the deaf people, out of their own need to communicate, had developed an intricate system of signs". Regarding the process of collecting signs, Ross further stated: "I would write down words and the students would discuss and argue about what the proper sign was. Slowly and patiently the students taught me their signs, their language." Ross's work collecting NSL signs eventually lead to the publication of the first Nepalese Sign Language dictionary.
Subsequently, the National Deaf Federation Nepal (at that time called National Federation of Deaf and Hearing Impaired, or NFDN) published a much more extensive dictionary, and continues to work on both documenting and supplementing the Nepalese Sign language lexicon.
Phonology.
Despite the incongruity of applying the term phonology to a sign language, like other sign languages Nepalese Sign Language also has a sub-morphemic level of structuring which is analogous (to a certain degree at least) to phonology in spoken languages.
As such, the standard sign language model of phonology (first developed by William Stokoe for American Sign Language and originally called cherology) can be applied to Nepalese Sign Language as well, according to which signs are analyzable according to five parameters:
Although linguistic research on Nepalese Sign Language is still in its infancy, and we do not have a complete list of for any of these parameters we can safely state that:
One of the problems of phonemic analysis on NSL, which is also manifest in other sign languages, is the absence of extensive lists of minimal pairs such as are typically found for all spoken languages. While such pairs are impossible to find for all possible minimal pairs, a sufficient number of such pairs can be produced to justify the method. Such pairs are especially easy to find in cases of initialized signs; thus, for example, while the index finger with tip indexic the back of the opposite wrist indicates the generic term TIME (Nepali: समय /samaj/), a म /ma/ handshape indicates OPPORTUNITY (Nepali: मौका /mauka:/), a फ /pʰa/ handshape indicates FREETIME (Nepali: फुर्सत /pʰursat/), etc.
Morphosyntax.
Nepali Sign Language shares a number of features with most sign languages studied to date:
Morphology.
Morphology in NSL, as in languages in general, comes in two types: derivational morphology and grammatical or inflectional morphology.
One feature which is difficult to ignore is incorporation. This feature is a pervasive one, and one which blurs the border between phonology, which is "supposed" to be meaningless (i.e. capable of distinguishing meaning without having meaning of its own) and morphology, where all forms have meaning. Thus for example, we have incorporation of handshapes from the Nepali manual alphabet into lexical items as we saw above the sections above on manual alphabet and lexicon.
Incorporation also occurs in NSL verbs, in what are often referred to as "classifier predicates". Here, as in many other sign languages studied,) the pattern is ergative-accusative, with subjects of intransitive verbs (e.g. ONE-PERSON in "One person passed by in font of me")), and objects of transitive verbs (e.g. "thick classifier" in "I ate a buff burger").
William Stokoe, the "founder" of (American) Sign Linguistics, proposed a theoretical revision called "Semantic Phonology". Under such a proposal, the sign for TEA चिया /chiya:/ could be seen as a complete predicate, with the "classifier"—in this case the Nepali manual alphabet handshape च /cha/ standing for TEA चिया /chiya:/ -- being incorporated into a "verb" DRINK.
Frequently, and especially at the level of the lexicon, instruments are also incorporated.
Many verbs also agree in person (and number) with the subject and object (often the indirect object, as e.g. "He stared at me" with the sign LOOK-AT directed from third person to first person. However, there is no grammatical or semantic criteria, other than it being transitive which can determine whether a verb will manifest agreement or not. To a limited extend the phonological feature of being "body anchored" (that is, having contact with the body at some point during execution) can limit agreement (e.g. a sign which starts with a body contact will be less free to show subject agreement, and a sign which ends with body contact will be less free to show object agreement).
Thus, in sentences of the type "I gave a book to you" we may have a single sign GIVE, inflected for agreement (motion of the verb begins from the signer (= I) and moves towards the recipient [= you]), and the handshape of the verb GIVE is modified to incorporate a "thick classifier" handling classifier handshape (= object the size and shape of a BOOK).
Syntax.
Typically, in discourse, sentences are short, and verbal arguments (actants) are often left to context (leading to average clause length of less than 2 signs). In addition, NSL (like other sign languages), tends to be topicalizing; that is, the topic is fronted (moved to the front of the clause). Given these two facts, it is hard to a "Basic Word Order" for NSL; nevertheless, in those instances where both agent and patient are lexicalized and where there is no topicalization (e.g. in artificially elicited sentences in isolation), the word order tends to be SOV (Subject-Object-Verb) --- just like Nepali and most members of the South Asian Sprachbund.
Discourse features.
Discourse in Nepali Sign Language shares many features with discourse in other sign language:
1) Discourse tends to be firmly "anchored" deictically, both within the space-time of the speech situation and also within the space-time of the narrative situation. As space in front of and around the signer can both represent real world space, but also the narrative world space, in addition to being used grammatically, index points and other spatial references are frequent, and may shift between the various frames.
2) Clause length in discourse tends to be rather short, so that, for example, clauses with transitive verbs will very rarely have both agent and patient expressed lexically.
3) What would in spoken discourse be called "co-speech gesture" in fact is fully integrated into the communicative semiotic of sign language discourse. The same is true of action embodiment (mimed action).
4) As the signer has at their disposal several multiple articulators (i.e. not only both hands, which may be used as independent articulators, but also their own body (in the form of embodied action), it is possible for extremely complex discourse events to be expressed simultaneously, whereas in spoke language they would have to be expressed by a long chain of sequential lexical and grammatical morphemes.
Other indigenous sign languages of Nepal.
In addition to the national sign language, several local indigenous 'village' sign languages have been identified. The following “village sign languages” have been identified: Jhankot Sign Language, Jumla Sign Language, and Ghandruk Sign Language. Although insufficiently studied, they each appear to be mutually unintelligible to native signers of Nepalese Sign language, and thus qualify as separate sign languages.

</doc>
<doc id="30991254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991254" title="Tammy Wynette Remembered">
Tammy Wynette Remembered

Tammy Wynette Remembered is a tribute album to Tammy Wynette. It was released on September 8, 1998 by Asylum Records. The album peaked at number 18 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and number 111 on the all-genre Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="30991257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991257" title="C. flavus">
C. flavus

C. flavus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30991260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991260" title="Danish demining group">
Danish demining group

Danish Demining Group (DDG) is the Human Security Unit under the Danish Refugee Council (DRC), specialised in clearing landmines and unexploded ordnance and reducing armed violence.
DDG’s mission is to recreate a safe environment where people can live without the threat of landmines, unexploded ordnance and small arms and light weapons.
DDG operates with three strategic objectives that define the fundamental and specific aims of operations:
DDG works to enable post-conflict communities to (re-)gain access to their assets and support the efforts of governments and relief- and development organisations to enable recovery and community transition towards social and economic development.
DDG currently operates Mine Action programmes in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Myanmar, Somalia (including Somaliland and Puntland), South Sudan, Sri Lanka and Vietnam, and Armed Violence Reduction programmes in Côte d'Ivoire, Kenya, Libya, Somalia (including Somaliland and Puntland), South Sudan, Uganda and Yemen. In Liberia DDG has been involved in the development of legislation on small arms and light weapons in cooperation with local authorities.
DDG is a founding member of the Global Alliance on Armed Violence (GAAV).
DDG and mine action.
DDG's Mine Action operations are based on the Ottawa Convention’s Five Pillars of Mine Action, namely:
All work is executed to highest technical standards, security considerations and in due respect for community prioritisation. DDG operations are accredited according to International Mine Action Standards (IMAS) and, where available, to National Technical Standards (NTSG).
DDG employs a wide range of approaches to release safe land, including manual and mechanical demining. An example of DDG approaches is the Village-by-Village Clearance that integrates community liaison, education and clearance and is successfully implemented in several countries where the organisation works.
As part of DDG’s mission to ensure that mine action efficiency results in impact effectiveness DDG has developed an impact monitoring manual for mine action which is available for all interested.
DDG and armed violence reduction (AVR).
DDG’s AVR operations are based on the Armed Violence Lens developed by OECD. The lens captures the main elements of armed violence at different levels of intervention:
DDG addresses these elements on a local level through a community safety approach and on a national level through support to, and capacity building of, relevant institutions.
In line with the Geneva Declaration on Armed Violence and Development, DDG and DRC have a joint strategy for stabilisation of fragile areas through community-driven safety planning and socio-economic recovery.

</doc>
<doc id="30991271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991271" title="Rennellese Sign Language">
Rennellese Sign Language

Rennellese Sign Language is the extinct village sign language of Rennell Island, which has a high degree of congenital deafness. It was developed about 1915 by a deaf person named Kagobai, and was also used by hearing people in the community.
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) posits that RSL is a language isolate (a 'prototype' sign language), though one developed through stimulus diffusion from an existing sign language.

</doc>
<doc id="30991278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991278" title="H. flavus">
H. flavus

H. flavus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30991284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991284" title="Saudi Sign Language">
Saudi Sign Language

Saudi Sign Language is the deaf sign language of Saudi Arabia.
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) posits that SSL is a language isolate (a 'prototype' sign language), though one developed through stimulus diffusion from an existing sign language.

</doc>
<doc id="30991296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991296" title="Grič pri Trebnjem">
Grič pri Trebnjem

Grič pri Trebnjem is a small settlement west of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. It lies below the northern slopes of Fat Hill (, 420 m). The Municipality of Trebnje is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Grič" to "Grič pri Trebnjem" in 1955. 

</doc>
<doc id="30991299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991299" title="Vivienne Stacey">
Vivienne Stacey

Vivienne Stacey (1928–2010) was the Principal and overseer United Bible Training Centre (UBTC) in Gujranwala from 1957 to 1982, working as a missionary with the Bible and Medical Missionary Fellowiship (now Interserve). Stacey is the author of over 15 books and 60 articles on subjects such as women in Pakistan and the history of Christianity in Pakistan including several in the Urdu language. Vivienne Stacey pioneered in Christian missionary work to Muslim women living in Pakistan.
Family Background.
Vivienne’s father came from a large family of eight in London. Born in 1894, her father trained as a cabinet maker at a young age, limiting his basic schooling. When he was turned down for military services for England in World War I, he took night classes to improve his education and to become an accountant. This eventually led to a position first with a city firm of accountants, and later the administrative staff of Imperial College London. Vivienne's mother was from Wales, married her father in 1927 and gave birth Vivienne the following year. In matters of religion, her father was a lapsed Anglican and mother had ceased to be Presbyterian. Thus Vivienne was raised under the moral standards of these two denominations, but without church attendance or involvement.
Schooling.
Growing up, Vivienne's contact with her father was somewhat restricted because his accounting job required him to live in the city while his wife and children lived a distance away. She enrolled in the Church of England Primary School where she received some teachings of Christian values held by the Church of England at that time. With the outbreak of World War II, Vivienne as child of 11 was forced with her Mother and brother to move to mid-Wales to escape the threat of German bombing attacks, while her father remained in London to continue work and assist with the many fires that would break out because of the bombings. At fifteen, Vivienne moved back to a suburb of London, where she studied English, Latin, French and history. Growing older, Vivienne began to become uninterested in going to the school chapels but still enjoyed churches for their architecture. At seventeen, 1945, Vivienne attended University College London, taking part in the English program provided there. University College, London was known for being “godless” being strongly influenced by rationalist and communist ideas, and lacking a chapel for students to use.
Introduction to Christianity.
In the English department at University College, London, Vivienne befriended a woman by the name of Barbara who was a Christian. Barbara would meet with friends at a neighboring college that had a chapel at lunch times to attend prayer meetings. After inquiring about her friend's disappearances, Vivienne decided that she would attend the meetings, not to partake in the prayer but to observe what took place. Vivienne later said that she was astonished at the sincerity of the group but did not understand it. Feeling uneasy about her current stance as a human being without a type of faith, she converted to Christianity, claiming she had a vision of an encounter with Jesus Christ; the date was February 1946. The next day Vivienne began to attend prayer meetings. This was the Christian Union of the Inter-Varsity Fellowship or IVF shortened. In 1947 the IVF became one of the ten founding members of the International Fellowship of Evangelical Students (IFES). Following her baptism both Vivienne’s mother and father began attending church and became believers also.
Working abroad.
Vivienne began taking evening classes at London Bible College and started learning New Testament Greek. Her intelligence and eagerness to learn and expand her knowledge soon gained her an admirable reputation as well as invitations to churches in nearby towns to preach to the congregations. After acquiring a more formal biblical education, Vivienne joined the Bible and Medical Missionary Fellowship (BMMF, now Interserve), desiring to participate in a missionary outreach to Muslim women. She was appointed to teach Pakistani Christian woman and train them in their witness among Muslims at the United Bible Training Centre in Gujranwala, Pakistan. After a year of preparation and the study of the local language, Urdu, Vivienne began her post at the UBTC in 1957 where she soon became Principal of the center taking on the responsibilities of administration building programs, as well as teaching for the next 25 years.
Writings.
Vivienne was determined to produce books for others in her field of work with the goal to write books in the Urdu language to aid Christian women in their interaction with Muslim women. But before this was possible, Vivienne made it a requirement of herself to write in her own language, to her own people, before she attempted a cross-cultural text. After having several booklets and two books published by the BMMF, Vivienne started writing for the Masihi Isha'at Khan (MIK), or Christian Publishing House, in Lahore, Pakistan, at a time when the press did not have even two hundred titles in the local language, Urdu. Vivienne sought to write and have books published for the Christian church in Pakistan, with the contents varying from helping people relate to Muslims, attempting to cross cultural barriers, dealing with spiritual warfare, as well as various Biblical studies. Some of Vivienne’s articles subsequently appeared in about twenty languages including Korean, Kannada, Urdu, Dutch and English.
Retirement.
In 1993, Vivienne retired from Interserve but continued her writing, itinerant teaching, and training leaders for Christian ministry among Muslims. Nevertheless these activities were pursued at a slower pace while she poured more of her time into writing. In the week of the 19th – 25 September 2010, Vivienne Stacey died leaving behind a legacy of a ground breaking progress between Christian and Muslim relations, specifically relating to women.

</doc>
<doc id="30991301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991301" title="Pani Jaisa Piyar">
Pani Jaisa Piyar

Pani Jaisa Pyar () is a Pakistani drama serial which aired on Hum TV. It was written by popular script writer Moomal Shunaid, and was directed by Sarmad Sultan Khoosat. Paani Jaisa Piyar has received mostly positive reviews.
Plot.
"Pani Jaisa Piyar" is the story of Sana, a 25 year old girl from Faisalabad. She has two older siblings, Hassan and Dua. Sana's family used to be wealthy and of a high social class, but this all went away after the death of her father. The family's only support now is that of Hassan, who quit school at an early age in order to support the family. Sana has been engaged to Adarsh, the son of her mother's best friend Arfa ever since she was a child. Adarsh, however, has been unaware of this engagement, as his parents thought that he needed to focus more on his education than wedding plans.
Adarsh, however, is in love with Sasha, a childhood friend of his. When he tells his parents that he wishes to marry her, they refuse, saying that he is already engaged to Sana and that he will have to leave their home if he doesn't marry her. After much deliberation, Adarsh decides that it would be best to marry Sana, as there is no point in marrying Sasha if they have no home and no money.
Back in Faisalabad, Sana's brother Hassan is taken to prison after getting into a fight with boys from the neighborhood who were making inappropriate remarks towards Sana. Hassan's best friend, Saad, who has no family of his own, takes care of the 2 sisters and their mother in Hassan's absence. Saad has already told Sana that he likes her, but has never done or said anything more on the matter as he knows that she is already engaged. Sana feels uncomfortable in his presence, but her mother, thinking that Saad will stop aiding them, makes Sana spend time with him anyway, as she believes that the only feelings Saad has towards her daughter are brotherly. Saad takes Sana out to dinner one day, and he takes Sana to his house to show her around. Sana refuses at first, but says yes after Saad insists. Saad shows Sana his room, which is decorated with pictures of her, and confesses that he is in love with her. He asks for one night with her, and rapes her when she tries to run away. He takes her back home an hour or two later, telling her that he will withdraw Hassan's court case if she tells anyone, and she complies. When Hassan is acquitted, however, Sana cannot keep the truth in much longer, and tearfully tells him everything. Hassan, in anger, chases Saad to the railway and tracks and chokes him to death, being taken back to jail soon after.
Sana's mother Nuzhat wishes to wed Sana off to Adarsh as soon as possible after this, without telling him or his family about Sana's rape. But Sana tells Adarsh's mother Arfa anyway, knowing that she will break their engagement the second she hears the news. However, Arfa, who is indebted to Nuzhat because she took Arfa's daughter Dua in and raised her as her own so that Arfa could get remarried and live a pleasant life, accepts Sana. She tells Sana that she has told Adarsh everything and that he accepts her as well.
After Sana and Adarsh's wedding, Sana brings the topic up, saying how grateful she is that Adarsh accepted her knowing everything that had happened to her. Adarsh however, is unaware of the circumstances, and flips out when Sana tells him everything. He is furious that his mother tricked him like this, and believes that Sana was not raped at all, but did everything of her own free will. He begins to treat Sana horribly, and restarts his relationship with Sasha, even going so far as to having sexual relations with her. When Sana finds out that she is pregnant, Adarsh denies any possibility that the child is his, and claims that Sana must have an abortion because he doesn't want to take care of her illegitimate child. Sana, not knowing what to after being accused of so many crimes, and still being in the aftershock of the death of her mother and hanging of her brother, attempts to commit suicide by overdose of sleeping pills. However, Arfa and Adarsh find her just minutes after the pills take effect and take her to the hospital, and there is no harm done.
Adarsh tells his parents that he wishes to divorce Sana, and they respond by saying that it is not legal for a man to divorce his wife while she is a pregnant. Adarsh retaliates by saying that this doesn't apply to him as the child is not his, and his father is outraged at this accusation. He tells Adarsh to leave the house, and he does, but not before asking that his father ask Arfa what the truth is. Arfa tells him everything, and the father is devastated to hear that he could have had a daughter to take care of all these years. 
Things get worse and worse for Sana and Adarsh, finally resulting in Adarsh beating Sana until she is hospitalized. Adarsh's father kicks him out of the house, and Sana decides to go back to Faisalabad with Dua, where she has her son 2 months later. A DNA report shows that the baby is in fact Adarsh's son, but Sana argues that the child is hers and hers only. Arfa brings mithai to Sasha's home in celebration of her grandson, and walks in to find that Adarsh and Sasha's wedding is going on. She leaves in a fit of tears, and shows Adarsh the DNA report the next day, telling him the truth about what happened. However, Adarsh tells his mother that he will divorce Sana no matter what. Arfa, not knowing what to do, goes to Sasha and tells her the truth. Sasha, in a state of shock, leaves Adarsh.
One year later, Dua and her fiance Arham have gotten married, and Sana and her son are living with them. The four of them come to Arfa's home to visit for Eid, in which Sana and Adarsh have an encounter. Adarsh begs Sana for forgiveness, and Sana, after reflecting over the course of the year and realizing that it would be best for her son, forgives him and begins living with him again.

</doc>
<doc id="30991309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991309" title="Sri Lankan sign languages">
Sri Lankan sign languages

Sri Lankan Sign Language is a visual language used by Deaf people in Sri Lanka and has regional variations stemming from the 25 Deaf schools in Sri Lanka.
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) posits that the Sri Lankan languages, as a group, are a language isolate ('prototype' sign language), though one developed through stimulus diffusion from an existing sign language. It is not known if they are related to each other, nor how many there are.

</doc>
<doc id="30991311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991311" title="Two Stories (House)">
Two Stories (House)

"Two Stories" is the thirteenth episode of the seventh season of the American medical drama "House". It aired on February 21, 2011. The entire narrative of the episode takes place through a series of flashbacks within flashbacks similar to the Season 1 episode "Three Stories".
Plot.
An elderly recess lady catches two pupils, Zack and Colleen, kissing behind the Brye Park school. When they are escorted to the principal's office, they see Dr. House sitting outside.
Hours ago, House, calling himself Dr. Hourani, was a speaker at the school's Career Day as a favor to get Cuddy's daughter Rachel into Brye Park in order to show Cuddy that he cares for her. He is talking to the class about his latest case that involves a patient who just coughed up a lung, however, a boy in the class believes he is lying because he tells his story using the plot from Pulp Fiction. 
Colleen and Zack interrupt his story demand to know what House did to get sent to the principal's office. House deflects by asking Colleen how she got her black eye. They make a deal that they will tell House Colleen's black eye if House tells them how an adult can get sent to the principal's office.
Back in his story, House admits that he was trying to make his presentation interesting. He tells them about the parts of the story that are true and shares his outlook on his job with the students. The teacher asks House to tell what he actually does and walk them through a "routine physical". House then tells the fifth grade class about a middle-aged woman who is overusing her vibrator. The teacher decides to move on but not without allowing House to finish his story.
In his story, House invites Cuddy to lunch but she says no and calls him a jerk. Colleen, back in the principal's office, wants to know why Cuddy is mad at House. After a confrontation between Colleen and House, House gets Colleen to tell him a small part of her story after accusing her of being a tease. This flashes back to the pupils' storyline where Colleen yells at Zach calling him a loser, which she says proves that she's not a tease.
House now tells the class, in his flashback, about the patient portraying his staff in a stereotypical fashion with Chase and Taub hitting on the nurse and Masters threatening to tell Cuddy. Realizing he is never going to finish his story, the teacher asks House to step down, and when the class protests House tries lying, but they call him on it. House is now at the part of the story where the patient coughs up his lung. 
In his office, House is trying to hack into Cuddy's password-protected laptop. Martha suggests that the patient's computer science major roommates might well be working with toxic, lung-destroying materials, but House says he actually has sarcoidosis. 
The class now queries how he stole the laptop, which House eventually reveals he spilt hydrogen sulfide and ammonia on the floor to drive everyone out so he could sneak into an office and grab it. When Colleen asks why, House dodges the question. Cut to Zack and Colleen facing off against each other in a game of Double Dutch. Colleen trips up on the rope, giving Zack the win. His prize is that she kisses him on the lips. Zack explains that by losing the bet, Colleen could kiss him, which she wanted to do, while saving face with her friends. 
Colleen denies Zack's reasoning and nags House to tell them why Cuddy is mad at him. House talks about using Cuddy's toothbrush and not taking out the trash. It cuts back to Zack/Colleen's storyline. The children are playing indoor hockey in gym class. Zack gets a shot on goal, tended by Colleen. He fires the puck right and hits her below her eye.
Now in House's flashback telling the story to the class, the real Dr. Hourani enters his office and finds House sitting there on Cuddy's laptop. Back in the classroom, the class stops House's story to ask why he's talking about breaking into Dr. Hourani's office when they all thought House was Dr. Hourani.
Outside the principal's office, House gets a call from Foreman. The tests for sarcoidosis came back negative, but Zack wants to know why House lied about his last name while Colleen wants to know what House found in Cuddy's journal. Colleen finds out she was right that House doesn't listen to her. Zack hopefully asks if House fixed everything with Cuddy after hacking into her laptop. House says he thought he did by doing a favor for the Chairman of the Board and help get Rachel into a top pre-school. 
House is driving to Brye Park's Career Day to speak to students and traumatize them for life when Foreman and Martha call about their patient. Their insistence on arguing with House distracts him from his driving and he promptly rear-ends someone. The man who gets out of his crumpled car is familiar to us: it's the advertising guy. House told Don his name is Dr. Hourani to get out of paying for the damage. Don tries to search House's pockets, which turns into a fight. They're stopped by the office secretary.
Zack thinks House should run, because that's what he would do, while Colleen disagrees. It flashes back to another behind the school meeting. Zack was ready to collect his bet winnings and kiss Colleen, but ultimately, he couldn't because he didn't want it to happen "like that." He says sorry for he apologizes for hitting her with the puck and cheating to win the bet. Colleen tells House that he should do what Zack did and then the principal arrives.
While being berated by the principal for his behavior, House notices a poster for "The Princess and the Pea" on the wall of her office. House returns and give the diagnosis is that the patient accidentally and unknowingly inhaled a tiny piece of food. 
Later in Cuddy's office, House says he was just trying to show her that he does care about her needs, as well as Rachel's. Cuddy points out that he stole her computer. House admits that he's a moron, but he's a moron who cares and thinks about Cuddy and wants her to be happy. Cuddy invites him over for dinner. He immediately accepts, and shows her the toothbrush he'll be bringing and using while he's there.
Reception.
Critical response.
This episode was ranked 39th on "thefutoncritic's" 50 best television episodes of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30991322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991322" title="Conosyrphus">
Conosyrphus

Conosyrphus is a genus of 2 species of Hoverfly, one ("volucellinus") a unique endemic of the Caucasus region and the other characteristic of the Siberian arctic. 

</doc>
<doc id="30991325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991325" title="Chalcus">
Chalcus

Chalcus, a Latin word derived from the Greek word χαλκός meaning copper or bronze (plural "chalci"), may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="30991326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991326" title="Peruvian Sign Language">
Peruvian Sign Language

Peruvian Sign Language (PRL) is the deaf sign language of Peru. It is used primarily outside the classroom.
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) posits that PRL is a language isolate (a 'prototype' sign language), though one developed through stimulus diffusion from an existing sign language, likely French Sign Language.

</doc>
<doc id="30991332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991332" title="Grm, Trebnje">
Grm, Trebnje

Grm is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Margaret () and belongs to the Parish of Trebnje. It is a 15th-century church with major 17th-century remodelling in the Baroque style.

</doc>
<doc id="30991346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991346" title="List of football clubs in Malaysia">
List of football clubs in Malaysia

This is a list of football clubs located in Malaysia and the leagues and divisions they play in.

</doc>
<doc id="30991349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991349" title="Tijuana Sign Language">
Tijuana Sign Language

Tijuana Sign Language is a deaf sign language of Mexico, but one unintelligible with, and apparently unrelated to, Mexican Sign Language.
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) posits that TSL is a language isolate (a 'prototype' sign language), though one developed through stimulus diffusion from an existing sign language, likely of the French Sign Language family.

</doc>
<doc id="30991360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991360" title="Chalcon">
Chalcon

In Greek mythology, the name Chalcon (Χάλκων) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30991376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991376" title="Ngahue">
Ngahue

According to Maori mythology Ngahue (sometimes known as Ngake) was a contemporary of Kupe and one of the first Polynesian explorers to reach New Zealand. He was a native of the Hawaiki and voyaged to New Zealand in “Tāwhirirangi”, his waka (canoe). No time has been fixed for these voyages, but according to legend he discovered pounamu (Greenstone) and Ngahue killed a Moa (large flightless bird - now extinct) Pounamu was sometimes called Te Ika-o-Ngāhue (Ngāhue’s fish). and they took several boulders back to Hawaiki.

</doc>
<doc id="30991412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991412" title="Main Abdul Qadir Hoon">
Main Abdul Qadir Hoon

Main Abdul Qadir Hoon () is a Pakistani drama serial that aired on Hum TV every Saturday from December 18, 2010 to May 21, 2011. It is written by Serwat Nazir and directed by Babar Javed . Fahad Mustafa is featured in the lead role while Faisal Qureshi, Aamina Sheikh, Alishba Yousuf, Saba Hameed and Asif Raza Mir portray supporting roles. The drama started airing on December 18, 2010. It is a weekly television serial that airs every Saturday.
Plot.
Mein Abdul Qadir Hoon is a unique story of a boy named Abdul Qadir (Fahad Mustafa). He has a heart of gold whose life goes through many twists and turns because of people around him trying to influence him. He is an obedient son but his parents are too busy with their own lives. He befriends a girl in his neighborhood by the name of Zareen (Alishba Yousuf) who is a spoilt and fast girl. She gradually influences him towards drinking alcohol and smoking. When he proposes to her she rejects him and a heart-broken Abdul Qadir is sent to England by his mother Meera (Saba Hameed).
In England (those episodes were actually shot in Turkey), Abdul Qadir totally immerses himself in the local culture and befriends Faiz (Faisal Qureshi ), Shah Mir and Sarmad. Here accidentally he meets Nell (Aamina Sheikh) and employs her as his housekeeper. One day he attempts to be a bit too forthcoming and sociable with her, in response to this she pleads to him in the name of God and this hits him deeply. Nell gradually brings him back to religion. Abdul Qadir is so influenced with Nell that the two get married but Nell dies as she is suffering from Aids.
After living for 9 months in abroad, Abdul Qadir surprises his mother on his return by sporting a beard and wearing a cap. On her enquiring he tells her that he wants to be a religious scholar. Now Meera wants to change her son and for this asks for Zareen’s help. Zareen is now divorced twice and lives in poverty.
Zareen initially refused the offer from Meera, but afterwards, poverty gets the better of Zareen, and for the sake of money she takes her offer. Zareen run's into Abdul Qadir while jogging one day, the later meet up with each other. They go out a few times. Meanwhile, Pasha, Zareen's ex-husband, finds out about the plot and blackmail's Zareen into giving him money to stop him from telling Abdul Qadir. On Zareen's birthday, Abdul Qadir goes to Zareen's house, where Pasha is already there, the door stays open, as Abdul Qadir overhears the plan his mother laid out. Pasha, at this time tries to rape Zareen, but Abdul Qadir steps in and protects Zareen. Abdul Qadir soon leaves the house. His mother now wants him to marry her best friends' daughter, who initially was going to marry Jawad, an old friend of Abdul Qadir, who had extremely ill mannered habits. Abdul Qadir notifies Meera's best friend about Jawad, and her daughter also catches Jawad in the presence of other girls.
Then Meera's best friends' daughter now wants to marry Abdul Qadir, but while all this is happening, Faiz, his friend abroad is sick, and his father wants Abdul Qadir to bring him back. Abdul Qadir leaves the house without greeting his mother, she thinks that he left because of her, and that he will never come back. Meera becomes sick and is hospitalised. When she returns from the hospital, the absence of Abdul Qadir dawns upon her. She slowly comes to love everything Abdul Qadir loved. She accepts the gardners' sons' gift of sweets, which he wanted to give to Abdul Qadir because the gardners' son came first in his class. The son also wants to become a Muslim, after looking up to Abdul Qadir. Soon Zareen returns to her father, and finds out Meera is sick. She visits Meera's house, where they have an emotional moment and they hug each other. Meera slowly comes to realize the similarities between Zareen and Abdul Qadir. She soon develops a liking for her. Abdul Qadir returns to Pakistan after Faiz's death and finds out that Zareen is about to get married, he sadly agrees to go for the ceremony where it is revealed that the wedding is for Zareen and himself. After the wedding Abdul Qadir gives Zareen the ring with which he had proposed to her years ago and tells her to call him Abdul Qadir instead of A.Q.

</doc>
<doc id="30991419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991419" title="Prince of Yan">
Prince of Yan

Prince or King of Yan (both , "Yànwáng", in Chinese) was a Chinese feudal title referring to the ancient Chinese State of Yan and to fiefs including its former capital of Yanjing (located within modern Beijing).
Typically, the title is translated as "King of Yan" for rulers prior to the establishment of the Chinese empire by Shi Huangdi and "Prince of Yan" for rulers after the restoration of feudal titles by the Han dynasty. It was generally held by powerful members of the imperial family and owing to its important position protecting central China from Mongolian and Manchurian invaders typically included powerful and well-fortified military forces.
More specifically, ""Yanwang"" in Chinese and "Prince of Yan" in English typically refers to Zhu Di, who held that rank before launching the Jingnan Campaign which established him as the Ming dynasty's Yongle Emperor in the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="30991421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991421" title="Brian Smyth (disambiguation)">
Brian Smyth (disambiguation)

Brian Smyth (born 1967) is an Irish figurative painter.
Bryan Smyth may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30991424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991424" title="List of football clubs in Laos">
List of football clubs in Laos

This is a list of football clubs located in Laos, sorted by alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="30991427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991427" title="Baia (disambiguation)">
Baia (disambiguation)

Baia is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.
Baia may also refer to:
People with the surname Baia include

</doc>
<doc id="30991439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991439" title="George Disch">
George Disch

George Charles Disch (March 15, 1879 – August 25, 1950) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Detroit Tigers in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="30991449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991449" title="Melodi Jaya Sports Club">
Melodi Jaya Sports Club

Melodi Jaya Sports Club is a football club from Johor. The team currently plays in the Malaysia FAM Cup.
Team Officials
Players.
Melodi Jaya President's Cup.
"As of 1 March 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="30991451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991451" title="Hope (novel)">
Hope (novel)

Hope is a 1995 spy novel by Len Deighton. It is the second novel in the final trilogy of three about Bernard Samson, a middle-aged and somewhat jaded intelligence officer working for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6). "Hope" is part of the "Faith, Hope and Charity" trilogy, being preceded by "Faith" and followed by "Charity". This trilogy is preceded by the "Game, Set and Match" and the "Hook, Line and Sinker" trilogies. Deighton's novel "Winter" (1987) is a prequel to the nine novels, covering the years 1900-1945 and providing the backstory to some of the characters.
Plot summary.
A severely wounded courier working for George Kosinski turns up at the flat in London where Bernard and Fiona are now living, since Tessa Kosinski left it to Fiona. George, who is now a tax exile living in Zurich, arrives to take the courier to a doctor and asks Bernard to keep it quiet because he doesn't want Inland Revenue to know he was in the country. 
Suspecting that a Stasi agent travelled to Zurich to meet with George, Bernard and Dicky Cruyer travel to Zurich to question George. George has put Tessa's engagement ring, given to him by the Stasi, in to be cleaned and then disappeared. Bernard and Dicky track him to his old family estate in Poland where his brother Stefan resides. Stefan says the George was murdered by Russian Army defectors and all that was recovered was a leg mauled by wild dogs, and he has a death certificate to prove it. A hand with George's signet ring is later shown to the British Embassy as further proof and sent to Dicky in London. The Stasi try to steal the hand back before it can be forensically analysed but Dicky chases and shoots the agent and recovers the hand.
Bret Rensselaer and Gloria are implementing harsh budget cuts across the SIS. With the backing of Fiona and Dicky Bernard gets a permanent job as Frank Harrington's deputy in Berlin. There he must deal with one of Fiona's networks in East Germany being captured because the head man was a Stasi plant. A young agent Bernard has worked with is killed and delivered to Gloria's hotel room as retaliation for Bernard killing a Stasi agent in "Faith". Bernard also learns that Fiona was in love with her KGB minder, a double agent called Kennedy, whom Bernard shot while rescuing Fiona. Fiona and children decide to spend Christmas in the Caribbean with her father. 
Bernard is sent back in to Poland to extract George. He discovers that George and Stefan have been working for Polish intelligence all the time they have been travelling in the West. George fled to Zurich to try to get out but the Stasi tracked him down. They told George that Timmerman had brokered a deal and if George returns to Poland and renounces his British Citizenship they will reunite him with Tessa, who is pregnant, and they can live happily ever after in Poland. Bernard convinces George that this is nonsense and Tessa is dead and that London will treat him well if he comes clean. George agrees to be smuggled to Sweden in light plane and after shooting George's tail they escape. Bernard hands George over to be shipped off to London for interrogation. Bernard and Gloria fly back to London for Christmas in the lear-jet Bret chartered as an air ambulance in case anyone was injured. 

</doc>
<doc id="30991457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991457" title="Football in Malaysia">
Football in Malaysia

Association football is a national sport in Malaysia, where the first modern set of rules for the code were established in 1921, which were a major influence on the development of the modern Laws of the Game. The sport of football in the country of Malaysia is run by the Football Association of Malaysia. The association administers the national football team as well as the national league.
Overview.
The top three levels of the Malaysian football league system are operated by the Football Association of Malaysia, which consists of Malaysia Super League, Malaysia Premier League and Malaysia FAM League. All of the clubs in the Malaysian League are fully professional.
The fourth level, the Malaysia States League, is organized by 14 different states football associations, and is a semi-professional league consisting of amateur, professional, and company clubs from all over the respective states in Malaysia. It have multiple divisions.
League system.
Unlike most of countries that plays football as a main game, the league system in Malaysia still consist of representative from state association, clubs from company, ministry or government agency.
Malaysia Super League.
The Malaysia Super League ("Liga Super Malaysia") is a Malaysian professional league for association football. It is at the top flight of the Malaysian football league system and it is managed by the Malaysia Super League Sdn Bhd, under supervision of the Football Association of Malaysia (FAM). The league is contested between 12 teams and operates on a system of promotion and relegation with the Malaysia Premier League. The 12 clubs participating in this top flight league need to pass a set of requirements and verification process, particularly related to professionalism and infrastructure feasibility.
Malaysia Premier League.
Malaysia Premier League ("Liga Perdana Malaysia") is the second-tier football league in Malaysia. The league is currently named Astro Premier League Malaysia ("Astro Liga Perdana Malaysia" in Malay). The League was previously called the "TM Malaysia Premier League" because of the sponsorship of Telekom Malaysia.
FAM League.
The Malaysia FAM League ("Liga FAM Malaysia" in Malay and formerly Malaysia FAM Cup) is the third-tier football league in Malaysia. The tournament used to be a cup format, but it changed 2008 as it was held as a league tournament and changing to its current name. Malaysia FAM Cup was established in 1952 as a secondary knockout competition to the more prestigious Malaya Cup, the competition were held between the state teams including Singapore, Police, Army, and Prisons Department of Malaysia in its early days. Starting in 1974, the state teams were barred from entering the competition and only the club sides could enter.
President's Cup League.
The Malaysian President's Cup is the football competitions in Malaysia for under-20 players. Since its inception, the Malaysian President Cup has been the major tournament for under-21 and under-23 players. In 2009, the format of the competition changes which only under-20 players are eligible for the tournament.
Cup competitions.
There are several cup competitions for clubs at different levels of the football pyramid. The two major cup competitions are the Malaysia FA Cup and the Malaysia Cup.
Qualification for Asian competitions.
Clubs who do well in either the Super League, Malaysia FA Cup or League Cup can qualify to compete in various AFC-organised Asian-wide competitions in the following season. The number of Malaysia teams playing in Asian in any one season can range from three to four. Currently, Malaysia is awarded the following places in Asian competitions:
National teams.
The Malaysia national football team represents Malaysia in international football. Malaysia is one of the national teams to have won the AFF Suzuki Cup and did this in 2010.
Seasons in Malaysia football.
The following articles detail the major results and events in each season since 1921, when the first organised competition, the Malaya Cup, was created. Seasons in "italics" are wartime seasons, when official national competition was suspended, although regional football continued.

</doc>
<doc id="30991470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991470" title="Mehmet II of Karaman">
Mehmet II of Karaman

Mehmet II of Karaman, Mehmed Beg (), Mehmed Beg II, also known as Nasir al-Din Mehmed Beg ( ?- 1423) was the ruler () of Karaman in what is now modern Turkey in the 15th century.
Karamanids.
Karamanid was a Turkmen state in central Anatolia after the disintegration of Seljuq Sultanate of Rûm. The capital of Karamanid state was usually Karaman (ancient Larende, renamed by the Karamanids) and sometimes Konya and other cities as well. It was the main rival of the rising Ottoman Empire. The opponents of the Ottoman Turks in the East Europe usually sought for alliances with Karamanid to catch Ottomans between two fires.
Background.
While Beyazıt I of the Ottoman Empire was in Rumeli in 1398, Mehmet's father Alaattin Ali raided Ankara, an important Ottoman city. Beyazıt returned to Anatolia, defeated and killed Mehmet's father. Then he laid a siege on Karaman. Mehmet and his brother Bengi Ali surrendered on the condition that the citizens of Karaman would not be punished. Beyazıt jailed both princes in Bursa, the co-capital of the Ottoman Empire. But four years later, he himself was defeated by Timur in the battle of Ankara and Bursa was captured by Timur's grandson who released Mehmet and his brother.
First reign.
Mehmet returned to Karaman as the bey of Karamanid state. In addition to his father's possessions, he was given a few forts by Timur and soon he bagan increasing his possessions. While Ottoman Empire was living in interregnum, he began occupying Ottoman and Germiyanids (an ally of Ottomans ) territory in 1411. In particular he captured Kütahya the capital of Germiyanids. (The bey of Germiyan was the father in law of the former Ottoman sultan Beyazit I)
Ottoman ınterregnum ended in 1413 when Mehmet I defeated Musa Çelebi in Rumeli. After the victory Mehmet I returned to Anatolia and defeated Karamanids in 1414. Mehmet II of Karaman agreed to give all Ottoman territory (forts given by Temur and the cities annexed by himself) back. Although Mehmet II tried to infringe the treaty in 1415 he was arrested and had to swear an oath never to infringe again. He kept his promise and peace prevailed between The Ottoman Empire and the Karamanids during 1415-1422 period.
But Mehmet II continued to fight in other fronts. He allied himself with the Ramadanids (a small lordship) in Çukurova (South Turkey, Cilicia of the antiquity) and began fighting against the Dulkadirids, a vassal of Egyptian Mamluks in south east Anatolia. In 1420, he was taken captured near Kayseri by the Mamluks and was jailed in Cairo, Egypt.
Second reign and death.
In 1421, Mamluk sultan died in Cario. The new sultan Seyfeddin Tatar released Mehmet II. Mehmet returned to Karaman and declared himself as the bey of Karaman. He ruled on the former Karaman territory with the exception of Niğde, where his brother was ruling.
In 1421, Mehmet I of the Otoman Empire died and soon the war between the Ottomans and the Karamanids was renewed. Early in 1423, Mehmet II decided to capture Antalya, a port in south west Anatolia, from the Ottoman Empire. Probably he thought that the new Ottoman sultan Murat II who just survived two rebels (by his uncle and younger brother) wouldn't fight for the port far from his capital. But it turned out that the governor of Antalya was able to defend the city. During the battle Mehmet was killed and his sons lifted the siege.
Trivia.
According to a legend, in 1415 when Mehmet II was to forced to swear an oath, he hid a pigeon under his shirt and holding the pigeon he promised that as long as this life continues, there will be no assault to Ottoman lands. This amusing anecdote is probably a fabrication.

</doc>
<doc id="30991477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991477" title="George Faulkner (disambiguation)">
George Faulkner (disambiguation)

George Faulkner was an Irish printer.
George Faulkner may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30991501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991501" title="Jól á leið til jarðar">
Jól á leið til jarðar

Jól á leið til jarðar (English: "Christmas on the Way to Earth") is an Icelandic television series that first aired on Icelandic public television channel Sjónvarpið in December 1994. The series is a part of Jóladagatal Sjónvarpsins, an ongoing series of televised advent calendars. It was created by Sigurður Örn Brynjólfsson and Friðrik Erlingsson, and was the first stop-motion advent calendar on Icelandic television. The show was produced at Nukufilm studios in Tallinn, Estonia.
The show was voiced by actors and comedians Sigurður Sigurjónsson, Laddi and Örn Árnason.
"Jól á leið til jarðar" was rerun on Sjónvarpið in December 1999 and 2007.
A physical advent calendar containing leads to each episode's plot was published in conjunction with the initial airing of the series.
Premise.
Two inexperienced angels from heaven must deliver a casket containing the holiday of Christmas to Earth in time for Christmas Eve, as the evil Öngull attempts to steal the casket, and sink it in the deepest black hole in space.

</doc>
<doc id="30991511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991511" title="Hong Kong women's national football team">
Hong Kong women's national football team

The Hong Kong women's national football team is the female representative football team for Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="30991514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991514" title="George Faulkner (manufacturer)">
George Faulkner (manufacturer)

George Faulkner (1790?–1862) was the supposed originator of the foundation of Owens College, Manchester.
Faulkner was born about 1790 in Oldham Street, Manchester, in which town his life was spent. In 1812 he entered into partnership in a well-established firm of silk, cotton, and linen manufacturers, which still, though no longer under his name, continues to prosper. For a time its business included a fine-spinning mill, in which Faulkner's intimate friend, John Owens, was one of his partners. At some date before Owens's death, which happened in 1846 he is said to have informed Faulkner that he had made his will, in which he had left all his property to his friend. Faulkner, the story continues, refused point-blank to accept another fortune in addition to his own. Owens's irritation at this singular conduct, however, ceased after a few days, when Faulkner suggested to him the plan of leaving the bulk of his wealth for the foundation of a college which should supply a university education unconditioned by religious tests. According to a paper ascribed to the late Professor Henry Rogers Faulkner was himself indebted for the original suggestion of his generous conception to Samuel Fletcher, a public-spirited and philanthropic Manchester merchant, who, unlike Faulkner, was a nonconformist. In any case the advice was taken, and when in 1851 Owens College was actually called into life at Manchester, Faulkner was elected the first chairman of its trustees. He filled this post efficiently till August 1858, taking repeated opportunities of supplementing his friend's munificence by liberal benefactions of his own.
He died 21 February 1862, leaving behind him a justly honoured name.

</doc>
<doc id="30991523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991523" title="Pararctophila">
Pararctophila

Pararctophila is a genus of Hoverflies, from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.

</doc>
<doc id="30991528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991528" title="List of football clubs in the Maldives">
List of football clubs in the Maldives

List of Football clubs based in Maldives.

</doc>
<doc id="30991540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991540" title="Guam women's national football team">
Guam women's national football team

The Guam women's national football team is the female representative football team for Guam.
AFC Women's Asian Cup record.
Current squad.
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|

</doc>
<doc id="30991543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991543" title="Hacoupian">
Hacoupian

Hacoupian Company is an Iranian retail-clothing company with headquarters in Tehran.
History.
It was founded by Sombat Hacoupian in 1970. In 2002, a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for H HACOUPIAN.
Current status.
Currently Hacoupian has 300000 permanent subscribers in Iran and other countries. The Quality Management System of Hacoupian Organization is based on ISO 9001-2000. Hacoupian has 9 stores in Tehran and 12 stores in other cities of Iran.
See also.
Farzan Athari

</doc>
<doc id="30991546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991546" title="Football in the Maldives">
Football in the Maldives

The sport of football in the country of the Maldives is run by the Football Association of Maldives, (FAM). The association administers the national football team as well as the national league. Football is one of the most popular sports in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="30991549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991549" title="Kyrgyzstan women's national football team">
Kyrgyzstan women's national football team

The Kyrgyzstan women's national football team is the female representative football team for Kyrgyzstan.
Despite lack of experience, the team managed to progress to the second round of qualifiers, where it was knocked out by stronger rivals Vietnam and Hong Kong.
Not having enough financial support, Kyrgyzstan women's team did not manage to play a single friendly match until the next Asian Cup qualifiers, for the 2014 tournament, where the team took the last place in the group, losing every match.

</doc>
<doc id="30991566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991566" title="Ashok Chauhan">
Ashok Chauhan

Ashok Chauhan (born 1942) is the founder, president of the Amity group of institutions, founder of Ritnand Balved Education Foundation
Personal life and career.
Ashok Chauhan was born in India, as one of seven siblings. He is married, and has two sons, Atul and Aseem. He now has a 32-member joint family and lives in New Delhi. Ashok Chauhan graduated and after receiving a scholarship from the German government, moved to Germany in the 1970s. According to his son, Atul, it was in the 1980s that Ashok Chauhan thought of entering the education space. In the mid 1990s, Ashok Chauhan founded Amity, and then in 2005, he founded Amity University, which became the first private university in India. 
Philanthropic Activities.
Dr. Ashok K Chauhan established Amity Humanity Foundation in 1995.The aim behind setting this organization is to support and initiate social welfare activities and create possibilities for equitable social development. It caters to the underprivileged sections of the society through diverse welfare activities which include caring for underprivileged girl child, creating HIV/AIDS Awareness, community development through Women Empowerment as well as rehabilitation of physically disabled and senior citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="30991571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991571" title="Laos women's national football team">
Laos women's national football team

The Laos women's national football team is the female representative football team for Laos.
Since 2013, Japanese coach Honma Kei is taking Lao women's national team as head coach.
History.
In 2005, the country was one of seven teams that included Brunei, Thailand, Indonesia, East Timor, Malaysia, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Burma and Singapore, that were expected to field a women's football team to compete at the Asian Games in Marikina in December.
Current squad.
"2013 SEA Games"

</doc>
<doc id="30991581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991581" title="Football in Mozambique">
Football in Mozambique

The sport of football in the country of Mozambique is run by the Federação Moçambicana de Futebol. The association administers the national football team, as well as the national league. The sport is popular in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="30991586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991586" title="List of football clubs in Mozambique">
List of football clubs in Mozambique

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Mozambique.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Mozambique"

</doc>
<doc id="30991588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991588" title="Uzbekistan women's national football team">
Uzbekistan women's national football team

The Uzbekistan women's national football team is the female representative football team for Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="30991606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991606" title="Pakistan women's national football team">
Pakistan women's national football team

The Pakistan women's national football team is the female representative football team for Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="30991610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991610" title="Qaid-e-Tanhai">
Qaid-e-Tanhai

Qaid-e-Tanhai () is a Pakistani drama serial that aired on Hum TV from October 22, 2010 to March 18, 2011. It was written by Umera Ahmed and directed by Babar Javed. The drama was produced by A & B Productions.
Story.
Qaid-e-Tanhai is the story of a couple Aisha and Moiz who love each other. Then are separated due to family and financial pressures that Aisha's mother in law had on Moiz. Aisha did not want Moiz to go overseas insisting that the family isn't in any major financial trouble. Influenced by his mom Moiz goes overseas to earn money for his family anyway leaving Aisha devastated with her daughter behind. Oversees, although he is working hard in earning money he also befriends a female named Aneela. Moiz annoys Aisha by telling her about Aneela, and Aisha is mad at him. Aneela and Moiz are obviously dating at this point. Worried, depressed Aisha waits for Moiz to come to pakistan to visit her but he does not come; years pass but he doesn't come influenced by his mother. In the mean time Noor is growing Up, Aisha's daughter is fond of Javad and thinks him as his father. The job Moiz was supposed to by raising his kids and being a support for his wife another man, Jawad does. Jawad eventually falls in love with Aisha and proposes her. She rejects, but is later softened by his talk. When she is overheard by her Mother in law, she tells Moiz who comes to pakistan, telling Aneela about Aisha who is mad at him for now telling about his marriage and child.

</doc>
<doc id="30991613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991613" title="Pyritis">
Pyritis

Pyritis is a genus of hoverfly, from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.
External links.
See BugGuide page for image: http://bugguide.net/node/view/377527

</doc>
<doc id="30991614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991614" title="Beltrame">
Beltrame

Beltrame (in Milanese: Baltramm) is a traditional character of the Italian "commedia dell'arte" associated to the city of Milan, and dating back to the 16th-17th century or earlier. It is also often referenced by the full name Beltrame di Milano and also as Beltrame di Gaggiano (from the "borgo" - now a "comune" - of Gaggiano, in the surroundings of Milan) or Beltrame de la Gippa (where the "gippa" is the large blouse, or tunic, worn by the character).
The creation of Beltrame character is sometimes credited to Niccolò Barbieri. In any case, Barbieri largely contributed to the popularity of the character with plays such as "L'inavvertito". Barbieri was an actor as well as a comedian, and assumed the role and stage name of Beltrame himself. His character is a usually a crafty, astute villager and husband and blunderer, always trying to appear of higher rank than he really is;. He took on several different roles, including that of the merchant and of Colombina's father trying to force his daughter into a marriage of convenience (a part he shares with Tabarino). He often reaches his goals in virtue of his lack of scruples, astute rhetoric, and mock good manners. His costume, resembling that of a 16th century servant, included a large tunic, a purse, and a dagger. 
Beltrame has long been the main representative of Milan in the "commedia", although this role was later taken on by Meneghino. It is also often described as a variation of character Brighella (associated to the city of Bergamo, and sometimes also to Milan), or even as Brighella's brother.
Beltrame has inspired Moliere's character Mascarille, from the comedy "L'Étourdi ou Les Contretemps" ("The Blunderer", 1655).

</doc>
<doc id="30991616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991616" title="Federico Ágreda">
Federico Ágreda

Federico Augusto Ágreda Álvarez, best known as "Zardonic", is a Venezuelan keyboardist, DJ, composer, producer and remixer primarily known for his drum and bass act with remixes for Nine Inch Nails, The Berzerker and Gorgoroth, as well as original releases in Dieselboy's Human Imprint label and Skrillex's OWSLA label.
His tour history includes headlining events in his native country as well as Colombia, Ecuador, Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Panama, Costa Rica, Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Portugal, Spain, France, Switzerland, Belgium, Germany, Netherlands, Austria, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Italy, Romania, Bulgaria, Russia and Japan.
Biography.
Early career (2001-2005).
Using the Gore Priest moniker, Federico recorded his first demo in 2001, followed by an unreleased album in 2002 entitled "Beneath Eternal Oceans Of Melancholy". Soon after, he recorded two environmental noise albums entitled "Astral Chambers" and "Soulnatomy" under the Intimus Universum alias. In 2003, Venezuelan label Melomaniac Metalmedia Records released his first album entitled "War Against Humanity: The Armageddon Chronicles". The album consisted of an imitation of guitar sounds through synthesizers, which earned him the Best Keyboardist award in the Premios Metal Hecho en Venezuela 2002-2003 (Metal Made In Venezuela Awards 2002-2003).
Federico's first tracks as Zardonic were composed in 2004 and 2005, respectively in the albums "Subsonic Stigmata" and "Red Phasing", made available through VeNet Music Development, a netlabel which released most of his early works. His remix of Impaled's track "Gutless" was also freely released this year on the band's website.
First international events and worldwide releases (2006-2008).
In 2006 Zardonic's first tracks were released through Death Brigade Records in 12" vinyl format, becoming the first Venezuelan drum and bass producer to release a single in an international imprint. Later this year, he also founded Zardonic Recordings, an independent drum and bass netlabel. His remix of Avulsed's track "Stabwound Orgasm" was included on their compilation album entitled "Reanimations" and a remix of Gorgoroth's track "Procreating Satan" was freely released through the band's website.
In 2007 he was booked for his first international event in Mexico on the 19th of May. Months later AK1200, pioneer of the American Drum & Bass scene, selected Zardonic's "Moonlight Ceremony" for his "Weapons of Tomorrow" mixed compilation CD. Soon after, his tunes earned the support of international performers such as Dieselboy, Pendulum and John B.
In 2008, he composed an Industrial Metal album as Blackholepit, entitled "Portals", published through James Fogarty's Death To Music Productions netlabel, referenced as "the 1992 cross-over album from Varg Vikernes (Burzum) and Trent Reznor (Nine Inch Nails) that never happened". A compilation of Zardonic's previous black metal oriented demos was also released later this year, entitled "Chaotic Serenity". Later on, his remix of The Berzerker's "Caught In The Crossfire" was featured on the Digipak edition of the band's album "The Reawakening". In December, he was featured both as Zardonic and Klipp in the "Venezuela Electrónica Vol. 3" compilation, sponsored by Venezuelan wireless telecommunications company Digitel GSM and Motorola, by selling the new MOTOROKR EM30 mobile phone model together with a microSD card including all the tracks.
"Policia", Human Imprint, European Tour (2009-2011).
2009 marked the release of his track "Policia", featuring James Messinian on vocals, through American label Cymbalism Recordings, becoming his first worldwide dancefloor hit, played by globetrotters like Andy C and DJ Hype. Soon after, Big Riddim Recordings released Zardonic's remix of AK1200's classic "Junior's Tune", and being commissioned by Dieselboy to do sound design for the Planet of the Drums 10th Anniversary Tour video intro. In a Dieselboy interview for Broken Beats on May 8, Zardonic was named as one of the five outstanding artists in Drum & Bass at the time.
In 2010, Zardonic toured Europe compiling a total of 12 gigs in Spain, Austria, Romania and Bulgaria. Shortly after, his studio mix "Retaliation" was released on drum and bass web site "Dogsonacid.com" paired with an in-depth interview. The first Human Imprint release also happened this year, entitled "South Of Human" EP. Later on, he headlined two Therapy Sessions events in Ecuador and Argentina, as well as more gigs in Colombia and Venezuela. By the end of December, he also founded Saturnoculto Records, sister label of Zardonic Recordings.
In 2011, Zardonic got three tracks included in Dieselboy's latest studio mix entitled "Unleashed". Later on, his release "The Last Invocation" was picked on Beatport's "10 Must Hear Drum & Bass Tracks - Week 17" chart. Later on, he released a dark ambient album as Triangular Ascension entitled "Leviathan Device" through Cyclic Law label. For the month of March it was picked by The Silent Ballet and reviewed as "a spell of torpor and muck that ensnares the listener like quicksand".
Furthermore, his track "Scream!" was picked as part of the Trackitdown.Net "One For The Weekend - 15th July 2011 - 50 Of The Biggest Recommendations For Your Mix" bundle, together with tracks from artists like Paul Oakenfold, Lazy Rich, Darth & Vader, Teebee, Scott Brown, and many more. The social networking website VampireFreaks.com released a free compilation with a total of 36 rare tracks by various artists including KMFDM, Suicide Commando and Left Spine Down, as well as Zardonic's mix of the track "Ready Or Not" by the latter.
"Vulgar Display Of Bass", "Revolution" and stage show costume (2012).
In 2012, Zardonic announced the release of a Full Length collaboration album entitled "Vulgar Display Of Bass" on March 26 through Big Riddim Recordings, paired with a European tour for April and May. Highly acclaimed upon release, the album reached #1 on the Top Drum & Bass releases on leading online music store Beatport. An official video for the opening track "Revolution" was produced and made public through video hosting network YouTube on April 10. The video consisted of a collage of crowd-based footage showing their country flags, with a total of 46 countries participating.
The artist also revealed a new set of pictures wearing a mask based on the Zardonic logo, as a part of his stage show to be seen on Dimmu Borgir's concert in Caracas as the opening act for the band. Four of his new tracks were included again on Dieselboy's new mixtape for the year entitled "Wake The Dead" and a new collaboration track with UK dubstep duo Bare Noize was included on a compilation album to be released in March 13 by OWSLA, a label helmed by the 3-time grammy winner Skrillex.
The same date of the album release, Drum & Bass duo State Of Mind released a free album entitled "State Of Mind: Live!", including Zardonic's remix of their classic "The Jackal". Later in the year, Zardonic celebrated his Latin American Tour 2012 with 26 stops in Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Brasil, Argentina, Chile, Panama, Costa Rica, Honduras, Guatemala and Mexico, as well as headlining the Halloween Revolution event held in Tokyo, Japan.
"Far Beyond Bass - The Vulgar Remixes" (2013).
A remix album to the original "Vulgar Display Of Bass" was released in June 17, including a total of 12 reworks by Eye-D, Counterstrike, ANiMAL-MUSiC, Raptus, Neonlight, Black Sun Empire, State Of Mind, Angel, Gancher & Ruin, C-Netik & Fragz, Hectic Mau, Delta 9, Fiend and Hecq. New shows were celebrated in Belgium, Austria, Mexico, Guatemala and El Salvador; followed by the announcement of the Europa Beyond Bass Tour 2013 with 18 stops in Portugal, France, Austria, Czech Republic, Italy and Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="30991617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991617" title="Nepal women's national football team">
Nepal women's national football team

The Nepal women's national football team, otherwise known as Nepali Cheli's (Nepalese Sisters) is the female representative football team for Nepal.
History.
Formation.
Nepal formed a women's national team in the mid-1980s and debuted in the 1986 AFC Women's Championship. During the start of the tournament, Nepal played their first official match against Hong Kong (December 14, 1986), which they lost with a score of 1-0. Nepal women's side also participated in the final three phases of the Asian Cup in 1986, 1988 and 1999, never going beyond the group stages. Nepal proved to be in a difficult group with former champions Thailand, alongside Indonesia and Hong Kong, two relatively strong teams. As a result, Nepal had lost all three matches, two of them indefinitely, while the match against Hong Kong proved to be a steady profit. In 1989 Nepal played again in the championship, against the same opponents, except that Thailand was substituted against Japan. This resulted in ugly points for Nepal, who lost every game by a wide margin, the smallest 0-3 against Hong Kong.
Crisis years.
As a result of the democracy uprising in 1990, there was an eight-year period without women national team . This corroded heavily in recruitment, but then returned to Nepal Asia Cup in 1999, the results were about the same as before the eight years without a championship . In the championship ended in the group with Japan, Thailand, Uzbekistan and the Philippines, and lost all four games . Since then it has not set in Nepal Asia championship. It does not mean that Nepal has not played football since 1999. Nepal had admittedly a long period without matches, but they impressed many in the South Asian Games in 2010, where they reached the final after beating several opponents by a wide margin . In the finals they lost narrowly 1-3 against the big favorite India. This gave the national team a much -needed recognition, including the associated .
Regeneration.
Nepal's Soccer Fifa First Vice President Is Kamal Thapa. Nepal's First Woman Captain Is Rama Singh When Nepali Women Football Team Was Created, Mr. Kamal Thapa Was The President Of All Nepal Football ASSOCIATION and the first National Woman Team Captain Is Rama Singh, Who represented bagmati team and she started playing in the year 1985, Second National Women Team Captain Is Kamala Hirachan who is a represented Gandaki Team and the third women captain is, meera chaudhary who represented naryani team, Rama Singh Is Now The First News Reader In Nepali television history, and Meera Chaudhary is in a rank of DSP in Nepal police. Following the team's regeneration since 2010, the women's side rose 22 places in the FIFA ranking.
Home stadium.
The team's home ground is shared with the Nepal national football team at the Dasarath Rangasala Stadium, a multi-purpose stadium in Tripureswor, Kathmandu, Nepal. Holding 25,000 spectators, of which 5.000 seated, it is the biggest stadium in Nepal. It is named after Dashrath Chand, one of the martyrs of Nepal.
Most recently, the stadium was used as a primary venue for the 2012 AFC Challenge Cup and the 2013 SAFF Championship, with the Halchowk Stadium hosting some of the matches as well.
Apart from sporting events, the stadium is also used as a music venue for cultural events with Bryan Adams being the most notable act that performed at the site.
Prior to the 2013 SAFF Championship in Nepal, the Dasarath Rangasala underwent heavy renovation that saw several improvements such as the expansion of seats from 20,000 to 25,000.
Recent results and fixtures.
Results accurate up to 20 November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30991618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991618" title="Rick Polizzi">
Rick Polizzi

Rick Polizzi is an American producer and author. He is the creator of the book "Spin Again", animation producer on the successful television series "The Simpsons", and creator of Los Angeles based Halloween haunt, "Boney Island".
Polizzi has won 3 Primetime Emmy Awards for "The Simpsons".
Career.
Early career.
In the late 1970s, Polizzi began working in the film department of WWL-TV in New Orleans, Louisiana. He moved to Los Angeles, California in 1981 and soon after, graduated from The American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
"Spin Again".
As an avid collector of board games, Polizzi co-authored a book about vintage games titled Spin Again.
"The Simpsons".
Polizzi began working on Fox Television's The Simpsons in 1996 as post production supervisor. He became an Animation producer shortly after, and has been nominated for six Primetime Emmy Awards. He has won three.
Boney Island.
Frustrated by the lack of family friendly Halloween attractions in the Los Angeles area, Polizzi began to construct a display of his own in the front lawn of his Sherman Oaks, California home. Boney Island was a show, set with a carnival theme, which was mostly composed of animated skeleton parts made from plastic. By the time Boney Island had its last showing in 2007, it had become a large success.

</doc>
<doc id="30991650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991650" title="NS Betaria F.C.">
NS Betaria F.C.

Betaria FC is a Malaysian football club, based in Tampin Negeri Sembilan.
They were promoted to Premier League after winning the 2011 Malaysia FAM League. In their debut season in Premier League, they finished 10th out of 12 teams. Although they were relegated back to FAM League after losing their relegation playoff match with Muar Municipal Council FC 3-0, they got their second chance after MP Muar FC pulled out of the league and another play-off match was arranged with UiTM FC, the third-placed team in 2012 Malaysia FAM League. Betaria won the match 3-0 to retain their place in the Premier League.
Their U-23 youth team also making headlines in the 2012 Malaysia President Cup tournament, finishing as runner-up to Perak FA in the final.
After the 2013 Malaysia Premier League which saw Betaria finished last and were relegated back to FAM League, the club's management decided to withdraw from the 2014 Malaysia FAM League.
2012 President's Cup Squad.
Player 2012
Transfer 2014.
Out.
"For recent transfers, see List of Malaysian football transfers 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="30991658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991658" title="Nandigam">
Nandigam

Nandigam is name of a place in Andhra Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30991660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991660" title="Noctambulous">
Noctambulous

Noctambulous is a 2011 American horror film starring, written, and directed by Kelvin C. Bias. The film also stars Megan Corry, William Linton and Erin Sullivan.
Plot.
After the death of his wife, Caleb Jax begins sleepwalking around Manhattan. Told by a mysterious woman that he will die if he doesn't find his soul within two weeks, he encounters a number of strangers and meets a psychiatrist he used to know who may be able to help him.

</doc>
<doc id="30991661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991661" title="Søren (given name)">
Søren (given name)

Søren () is a Danish and Norwegian given name originating from Latin "Severinus", derived from "severus" "severe, strict, serious". Soren is also a name in Persian. Soren (Surena) was a commander in the Parthian Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="30991666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991666" title="Armed violence reduction">
Armed violence reduction

The concept of armed violence reduction (AVR) has gained significant in importance after the 2006 Geneva Declaration on Armed Violence and Development. According to OECD, more than 740,000 people die each year as a result of the violence associated with armed conflicts and large- and small-scale criminality. Furthermore, armed violence impedes humanitarian and socio-economic development and, hence, it is an obstruction to achieving the Millennium Development Goals (MDG).
Key numbers on armed violence from the Geneva Declaration on Armed Violence and Development.
Armed violence reduction is therefore essential for the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.

</doc>
<doc id="30991677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991677" title="HMIS Rohilkhand (J180)">
HMIS Rohilkhand (J180)

HMIS "Rohilkhand" (J180) was a "Bangor" class minesweeper which served in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) during World War II.
History.
HMIS "Rohilkhand" was ordered from the William Hamilton and Company originally for the Royal Navy as HMS "Padstow" in 1939. However, before she was launched, she was transferred to the Royal Indian Navy and eventually commissioned as "Rohilkhand". She served in the RIN during World War II.
Operations in World War II.
"Rohilkhand" was a part of the Eastern Fleet, and escorted numerous convoys between Africa, British India and Australia in 1943-45.

</doc>
<doc id="30991686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991686" title="Nandigam, Vizianagaram">
Nandigam, Vizianagaram

Nandigam () is a village in Therlam mandal, Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh.
It is located about 3 kilometers from Therlam and 46 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
Nearest railway station is Bobbili railway station about 19 kilometers and nearest airport is Vizag airport about 120 kilometers, 

</doc>
<doc id="30991688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991688" title="The Oslo Commitments">
The Oslo Commitments

May 12, 2010 with less than five years to achieve the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), the Government of Norway and UNDP hosted the Oslo Conference meeting in Geneva, where they gathered government representatives, international organizations and civil society organizations to accelerate global efforts against armed violence. While reaffirming the Geneva Declaration on Armed Violence and Development, the participants agreed to the following commitments:

</doc>
<doc id="30991693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991693" title="N-Glycolylneuraminic acid">
N-Glycolylneuraminic acid

"N"-Glycolylneuraminic acid (Neu5Gc) is a sialic acid molecule found in most mammals. Humans cannot synthesize Neu5Gc because the human gene CMAH is irreversibly mutated, though it is found in apes. It is absent in human tissues because of inactivation of gene encoding CMP-N-acetylneuraminic acid hydroxylase. The gene CMAH encodes for CMP-N-acetylneuraminic acid hydroxylase, which is the enzyme responsible for CMP-Neu5Gc from CMP-N-acetylneuraminic (CMP-Neu5Ac) acid. This loss of the CMAH was estimated to have occurred two to three millions of years ago, which occurred just before the emergence of the genus "Homo".
Neu5Gc is closely related to the commonly known "N"-acetylneuraminic acid (Neu5Ac). Neu5Ac differs by a single oxygen atom that is added in the cytosol of a cell. In many mammals, both of these molecules are transferred into the Golgi so that they may be added to many glycoconjugates. However, in humans, Neu5Gc is not present.
Elimination of Neu5Gc in the humans.
With the loss of Neu5Gc and gain of excess Neu5Ac, it should have affected the interactions of pathogens and humans. Humans should have been less susceptible to Neu5Gc-binding pathogens and more susceptible to Neu5Ac-binding pathogens. It is suggested that human ancestors survived a then-prevailing NHH malaria by eliminating their Neu5Gc production. However, with the rise of "Plasmodium falciparum", the parasite that causes malaria today, humans were once again endangered as this new strain of the malaria had a binding preference to the Neu5Ac-rich erythrocytes in humans.
Occurrence.
Neu5Gc can be found in mammals, but trace amounts can be found in humans, even though the gene to encode for production of Neu5Gc was eliminated long ago. These trace amounts come from consumption of animals in human diet. Mainly, the sources are red meats such as lamb, pork, and beef. It can also be found in dairy products, but to a lesser extent. Neu5Gc cannot be found in poultry and is found in only trace amounts in fish. This confirms that Neu5Gc is mainly found in foods of mammalian origin.
Effects on humans.
Even though Neu5Gc cannot be produced by humans, it is still reported to be found in human cancers and fetal samples. This suggests that these Neu5Gc molecules must enter the human pathways through external sources, like through diets. As found in the observation of cultured human cells, the cells expressed Neu5Gc due to their uptake of animal products in the medium. By macropinocytosis, the sialic acid can be transferred to the cytosol by a sialin transporter. Due to the fact that Neu5Gc differs from the human Neu5Ac by only one oxygen atom, cells will uptake the molecule as if it were native to the cell. Although the biochemical pathways don’t recognize this molecule as foreign the immune system does, which can bring about many problems.Epidemiological studies have shown a correlation between red meat consumption and increased risks of many diseases. These diseases include carcinomas, atherosclerosis, and type-2 diabetes. Although not explicitly proven, it is suggested that it is the uptake of Neu5Gc from this diet that aggravates these diseases. Because of the anti-Neu5Gc antibodies that the human body carries, ingestion of Neu5Gc causes chronic inflammation. 
In recent findings, it has been discovered that all humans have Neu5Gc-specific antibodies, often at high levels.
Mechanism of uptake.
Sialic acids are negatively charged and hydrophillic, so they don’t readily cross the lipid, hydrophobic membranes of cells. It is because of this that the uptake of Neu5Gc must occur through an endocytic pathway. More specifically, exogenous Neu5Gc molecules enter cells through clathrin-independent endocytic pathways with help from pinocytosis. After the Neu5Gc has entered the cell via pinocytosis, the molecule is released by lysosomal sialidase. The molecule is then transferred into the cytosol by the lysosomal sialic acid transporter. From here, Neu5Gc are available for activation and addition to glycoconjugates. Because Neu5Gc appears to be enhanced in naturally occurring tumors and fetal tumors, it is suggested that this uptake mechanism is enhanced by growth factors.

</doc>
<doc id="30991698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991698" title="Jules Feller">
Jules Feller

Jules Feller (born 4 November 1859 Roubaix - died 29 April 1940 Verviers) was a Belgian academician and Walloon militant.
Biography.
Jules Feller created the 'Feller system' (':fr:Système Feller') of spelling for the Walloon language. This is also used for writing the Picard language since a consensus arose between universities in favour of the written form known as 'Feller-Carton' (based on the Walloon spelling system – which was developed by Feller and adapted for Picard by Prof. Fernand Carton).
He represented Verviers in the Walloon Assembly from 1919 until his death. He was a member of the Royal Academy of French Language and Literature (:fr:Académie royale de langue et de littérature françaises de Belgique) in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="30991703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991703" title="HMIS Kumaon (J164)">
HMIS Kumaon (J164)

HMIS "Kumaon" (J164) was a "Bangor" class minesweeper which served in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) during World War II.
History.
HMIS "Kumaon" was ordered from the William Hamilton and Company originally for the Royal Navy as HMS "Middlesbrough" in 1939. However, before she was launched, she was transferred to the Royal Indian Navy and eventually commissioned as "Kumaon". She served in the RIN during World War II.
Operations in World War II.
"Kathiawar" was a part of the Eastern Fleet, and escorted numerous convoys between Africa, British India and Australia in 1943-45.

</doc>
<doc id="30991705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991705" title="Miss Asia Pacific 1977">
Miss Asia Pacific 1977

Miss Asia Pacific 1977 is the tenth edition of Miss Asia Pacific International. This event was held in the Philippines on June 11, 1977. For the first time ever, Miss Indonesia won the title of Miss Asia Pacific. She was crowned by Miss Asia Pacific 1976, Jacqueline Stuart from Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="30991722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991722" title="HMIS Carnatic (J199)">
HMIS Carnatic (J199)

HMIS "Carnatic" (J199) was a "Bangor" class minesweeper which served in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) during World War II.
History.
HMIS "Carnatic" was ordered from the William Hamilton and Company originally for the Royal Navy as HMS "Newhaven" in 1939. However, before she was launched, she was transferred to the Royal Indian Navy and eventually commissioned as "Carnatic". She served in the RIN during World War II.
Operations in World War II.
"Carnatic" was a part of the Eastern Fleet, and escorted numerous convoys between Africa, British India and Australia in 1943-45.

</doc>
<doc id="30991724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991724" title="Sugar Water Festival">
Sugar Water Festival

The Sugar Water Festival was a music festival founded by American recording artists Erykah Badu, Queen Latifah and Jill Scott. The trek played to amphitheaters and arenas in the United States during the summer of 2005 and 2006. It began in 2005 as an event to bring awareness to health issues to African-American women. British duo Floetry opened shows during the 2005 run. The festival was relaunched briefly in 2006 with Kelis opening the show and comedian Mo'Nique hosting the festival. 2006 was the final year for the outing. The festival had plans to expand into Europe and Asia, however, this did not come to fruition. 
Background.
The festival was announced in May 2005. Forming the "Suger Water Festival, LLC, the trek was headlined by Badu, Latifah and Scott. The singers stated performing Lilith Fair was the inspiration for the outing—with each singer wanting to bring a specific message to African American woman. The festival was planned within six months, not providing enough times to gain notable sponsors. Badu says the meaning behind the name is the symbolism of "water" to "Earth", as the planet is three-fourths water. She continues to say women are the sweetness to the water, giving them the name of the tour."
To introduce the shows, Badu stated: 

</doc>
<doc id="30991744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991744" title="French Belgian Sign Language">
French Belgian Sign Language

The French Belgian Sign Language (; LSFB) is the deaf sign language of the French Community of Belgium, a country in Western Europe. It and Flemish Sign Language are varieties of the same language.
Legal recognition.
By decree of 22 October 2003, the Parliament of the French Community recognised the Sign Language of French-speaking Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="30991759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991759" title="Croatian Sign Language">
Croatian Sign Language

Croatian sign language (Hrvatski znakovni jezik, HZJ) is a sign language of the deaf community in Croatia. It is sometimes regarded as a dialect of Yugoslav Sign Language, although the dialectical diversity of the former Yugoslavia has not been assessed.
The first school for the deaf in Croatia was formed in Zagreb in 1885. The "Sign Language and Deaf Culture" conference was held in Zagreb, Croatia from May 3–5, 2001. In 2004, a project to establish a grammar of HZJ was started by researchers at Purdue University and the University of Zagreb.
By law Croatian Radiotelevision is to promote the translation of programs into HZJ. Major centres of education in HZJ are found in Zagreb, Split, and Osijek.
Organizations for the deaf in Croatia include the "Croatian Association of Deafblind Persons DODIR", which was established in 1994.
The basic word order in HZJ is subject–verb–object (SVO), as it is in spoken Croatian. A two-handed manual alphabet is in widespread use; a one-handed alphabet based on the international manual alphabet, though less commonly used, has official status.

</doc>
<doc id="30991765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991765" title="Stabilization of fragile states">
Stabilization of fragile states

Promoting recovery from conflict is not limited to simply a humanitarian, security or development issue and often involves a combination of all three. Stabilization is an approach and a process regarding the fragility and security of states. Hence, stabilization is an essential concept in relation to fragile and failed states, where basic institutions and services are lacking and where conflict is an influential factor. OECD uses the term from fragility to resilient to describe the process of stabilization.
Stabilization processes are a multisectoral effort, requiring a variety different instruments that seek to secure the basic needs of the population and support the development of state-building to ensure the process is sustainable and builds stronger and more legitimate states These actions are primarily taken by western governments and national actors often involving a combination of military, political, development and humanitarian objectives, resources and activities to tackle transnational and domestic threats through short term security promotion.
Historical Logic for International Engagement.
Stabilization, as it is currently articulated and implemented by the US and other Western governments, is premised on an assumption that weak governance, instability, violent conflict and associated poverty and underdevelopment pose a direct threat to their strategic interests and international peace and security more broadly. This is because ‘islands of instability’ are seen as constituting sources of regional insecurity and contagion, particularly in their association with international terrorism, transnational crime and other real and existential threats. While stabilization is firmly rooted in security agendas focused on reducing or eliminating perceived threats, accumulated experience of international intervention and engagement to end conflicts and foster peace and development over the past decade has emphasized the need to integrate military, political, development and humanitarian action. In contexts as diverse as Afghanistan, Haiti and Timor-Leste, stabilization has emerged therefore as a key instrument of a broader liberal, transformative peace-building project. As such, it extends beyond short-term or conservative objectives to eliminate immediate threats or merely to ‘stabilize’ temporarily situations of acute crisis to link action across a range of discrete policy spheres with the aim of reducing violence and establishing the political and social conditions necessary for recovery, reconstruction, development and a lasting peace.
Somalia, a failed state with no functioning government and with most of the country being controlled by insurgents, is an example of stabilization efforts. For fear of Somalia becoming a safe haven for terrorist and thus destabilizing the region and threatening the global society, international actors have engaged through counter-insurgency as a stabilization strategy to remove the insurgents and make Somalia a resilient state for the benefit of Somalis and the international security.
Policy Dimensions.
Security, development and institutional transformation.
Security and development share a close but complex connection and successful international humanitarian and development stakeholders in fragile states must understand and engage the security issues in areas they operate. Such an understanding has been reached by donors such as DFID, the United Nations, the European Union and USAID and they have all been involved in security sector reform and efforts to improve justice, from the Democratic Republic of Congo to Liberia, Sierra Leone and Timor-Leste. Yet these efforts have often been limited in their success as a balance security and development is difficult to achieve. The UK government supported reforms in Sierra Leone along the principle of "security first" over the last decade, which is believed to have improved security, increased access to and the quality of justice, decreased corruption and positively reformed public service. Since the end of the civil war in 2002, there has been no majo violence, peaceful elections were held in 2007 and there has been enough stability to help build sustainable institutions. Yet Sierra Leone suffers severe underdevelopment and ranks third to last on the UN Human Development Index for 2010. This in turn has created frustration and disappointment amongst the younger generation and poses a significant risk of a return to violence.
The role of informal actors and the changing nature of violence.
Violence does not end simply with the signing of a peace agreement and often the rates of criminal and domestic violence have actually risen afterwards. Addressing national issues that led to conflict or that might trigger conflict again and efforts to improve the state's own security capacity is only two factors in achieving citizens’ security and social cohesion. The peace process itself may lead to insecurity as demobilisation of armed groups leave armed, social excluded and frustrated individuals free to continue violence informally. Insecurity can be increased by informal actors, as well as regional and international drivers of instability, such as organised crime, drug smuggling and Illegal arms trafficking. Organised crime's capacity to undermine state authority and basic law enforcement is well known in Latin America. In Guatemala, impunity provided as part of the peace process since 1996, following a 30-year civil war, has allowed former members of the state security apparatus in charge of repression new opportunities for criminal activity. Mexico suffers critical levels of drug-related violence that has led to over 10,000 gang killings in 2010, up from just under 6,600 in 2009; the gangs often command more resources than the state. Building state-society relations and trust are central to the process of combating such violence.
The political dimension.
Each state and society emerging from conflict have their own specific interplay of sub-national, national, regional and international drivers of insecurity and effective international engagement in fragile states requires a comprehensive understanding of local politics. Political economy and conflict analysis are increasingly used as a starting point for development and humanitarian strategies. Inclusive political settlements to conflict require agreements to be reached between both elites and their constituencies. This process may be complicated not only by an interest in continuing conflict by particular groups and that the elites may be part of the reason for the conflicts initiative (for instance, by marginalising particular groups in their constituency), but also that key political leaders are necessary to ensure effective dialogue. Stabilisation is not a linear process from conflict to peace and rather represents a lengthy and extensive process that is characterised by power struggles and elite bargaining. Elections and the development of democratic institutions requires a lengthy process for the development of political parties and independent electoral commissions and international community expectations for quick wins or 'ideal' governance reforms must be accordingly tempered.

</doc>
<doc id="30991785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991785" title="Community Safety and Security">
Community Safety and Security

Community Safety or Community Security (CS) is, according to the United Nations Development Program (UNDP), a concept that seeks to operationalize human security, human development and state-building paradigms at the local level. The contemporary concept of community security, narrowly defined, includes both group and personal security. The approach focuses on ensuring that communities and their members are "free from fear". Yet, a broader contemporary definition also includes action on a wider range of social issues to ensure "freedom from want". Like community safety and citizen security, it promotes a multi-stakeholder approach that is driven by an analysis of local needs. By emphasizing the "community" aspect the concept seeks to embrace both cultures and contexts that are "individual-oriented", including many in Latin America, and cultures and contexts that are "group oriented", as are many in Africa and South Asia.
The customization of CS programs depends on the specific context, but a core characteristic of the approach is a bottom-up focus on security creation and stabilization. As an approach, CS is not dealing with security creation on a national level, for instance through top-down legislation or peace agreements on a government level. Instead it focuses on short- and long term solutions to security problems in specific communities. 
"Community" does not just refer to individual community members, but refers to all actors, groups and institutions within the specific geographic space. It therefore also includes civil society organizations, the police and the local authorities that are responsible for delivering security and other services in that area.
Examples of agencies working with a Community Safety approach are Saferworld, Danish Demining Group and the Geneva Centre for the Democratic Control of Armed Forces (DCAF).

</doc>
<doc id="30991790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991790" title="Rygene IL">
Rygene IL

Rygene Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Rykene, Aust-Agder. It has sections for association football, team handball and Nordic skiing.
It was founded on 23 November 1933 as "Rygene AIL", and was a member of the Workers' Confederation of Sports. In 1953 it had no handball section, but since then it has lost its section for track and field.
The men's football team last played in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football from 2001 to 2002. The team now plays in the Fifth Division.

</doc>
<doc id="30991792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991792" title="Patricia Barry">
Patricia Barry

Patricia Barry (born November 16, 1921) is an American film and television actress. 
Life and career.
Barry was born in Davenport, Iowa, Barry was signed for a Columbia Pictures contract almost immediately upon her graduation at Stephens College in Columbia, Missouri. She began her film career in 1947 and later appeared in over 130 television series and movies. 
On television, Barry appeared in such nighttime series as "Rawhide", "The Donna Reed Show", "Richard Diamond, Private Detective", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Going My Way", Thriller, and "The Twilight Zone". 
She was cast on March 3, 1959, as the recently widowed Doreen Bradley in the episode "The Giant Killer" of the ABC/Warner Brothers western series, "Sugarfoot", with Will Hutchins in the title role. In the story line, Mrs. Bradley with the assistance of Sugarfoot exposes to a grateful town the corruption and cowardice of Lou Stoner (R. G. Armstrong), a leading candidate for a territorial governorship. Stoner murdered Doreen's husband but with no witnesses to the crime. Others cast with Barry are Russ Conway as the town marshal, Dorothy Provine as Ada, and Jay North as Bobby.
Barry also appeared in daytime dramas, including "Days of Our Lives" (as Addie Horton Olson Williams), "All My Children" (as Peg English), and "The Guiding Light" (as Sally Gleason). She appeared on a children's television show, "Ghostwriter" as Lana Barnes. She made three guest appearances on "Perry Mason", including the role of murderer Dorine Hopkins in the season 4, 1961 episode, "The Case of the Grumbling Grandfather", and defendant Eva Belter in the season 6, 1963 episode, "The Case of the Velvet Claws". She appeared on "The Rifleman" as schoolmarm Adele Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="30991801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991801" title="Data Integrity Field">
Data Integrity Field

Data Integrity Field (DIF) was an approach to protect data integrity in computer data storage. It was proposed in 2003 by the T10 subcommittee of the International Committee for Information Technology Standards.
Packet-based storage transport protocols have CRC protection on command and data payloads. Interconnect buses have parity protection. Memory systems have parity detection/correction schemes. I/O protocol controllers at the transport/interconnect boundaries have internal data path protection.
Data availability in storage systems is frequently measured simply in terms of the reliability of the hardware components and the effects of redundant hardware. But the reliability of the software, its ability to detect errors, and its ability to correctly report or apply corrective actions to a failure have a significant bearing on the overall storage system availability.
The data exchange usually takes place between the host CPU and storage disk. There may be a storage data controller in between these two. The controller could be RAID controller or simple storage switches.
DIF included extending the disk sector from its traditional 512 bytes, to 520 bytes, by adding eight additional protection bytes.
This extended sector is defined for Small Computer System Interface (SCSI) devices, which is in turn used in many enterprise storage technologies, such as Fibre Channel.
Oracle Corporation included support for DIF in the Linux kernel.
An evolution of this technology called Protection Information was introduced by 2012.
One large vendor promoting the technology is EMC Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="30991802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991802" title="Callambulyx junonia">
Callambulyx junonia

Callambulyx junonia is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bhutan, north-eastern India (Nagaland), southern China and northern Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 104 mm. It can be distinguished from all other "Callambulyx" species by the presence of a complete eyespot on the hindwing upperside.

</doc>
<doc id="30991814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991814" title="Rope (song)">
Rope (song)

"Rope" is a song by the American alternative rock band Foo Fighters. It is the first single from their seventh studio album "Wasting Light" (2011).
Composition.
"Rope" had its origins during the "Echoes, Silence, Patience and Grace" world tour, as frontman Dave Grohl played an acoustic guitar while waiting for the soundchecks or to fly to the next city. After the tour ended in 2008, the song had its first version recorded during sessions at Grand Master Studios in Hollywood. It would later be brought into the "Wasting Light" songs which were recorded in Grohl's garage.
The song's unusual rhythms and angular chords have a distinct influence from Rush as well as Led Zeppelin's album "Presence", which Grohl declared "may be my favorite album of theirs". The main progression of chords is a flat seventh, a fourth and a minor third, warranting guitarist Chris Shiflett to comment that "What my guitar is doing over the bass makes no sense in a way. It does, but you don't know how." The intro is a sequence of minor sevenths with a sus four, going from B minor to D, which Shiflett stated was "kind of illogical, in a way, to your ear", and Grohl himself compared to Television and Mission of Burma. The delay on the intro was induced manually given the album was produced without digital instruments, with producer Butch Vig synchronizing it with the click track through a drum machine and a shake tambourine.
Release.
The single premiered on radio on February 23, 2011 and was officially released on March 1, 2011. The song was only released as a digital download single and no physical CD single was actually released. However, a 12-inch vinyl single was released on May 9, 2011.
Canadian electronic producer deadmau5 produced a remix of the song that was released separately as part of the "deadmau5 Mix Edits" EP. It was made available digitally on April 14. The Foo Fighters performed the remix version at the 54th Grammy Awards with deadmau5, along with "Walk".
The first televised performance of the single was part of a Foo Fighters set at the 2011 NME Awards, at which the band was present for Dave Grohl to collect the 'Godlike Genius' award.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Grohl, was shot entirely in VHS, and shows the Foo Fighters performing inside a white cube set built inside a soundstage in Los Angeles. The "tight, claustrophobic space" was inspired by Grohl's garage, where "Wasting Light" was recorded.
The music video made its worldwide premiere live from a MTV.com contest winner's house in Los Angeles, CA. An MTV and fan interview from the same house was conducted after the premiere, followed by a Twitter "question and answer" portion.
Critical reception.
On its review of "Rope", "Rolling Stone" said the single "rides lower to the ground that the usual Foos anthem, especially during the gnarled-guitar fire-fight at the end, without undercutting the modern-rock heroism that's become one of the few reliable guitar-based brands on contemporary radio." "Billboard" described the song as having "a meaty guitar lick that sounds ripe for "Rock Band", a rip-roaring extended instrumental solo and a few choice "Yow!"s from frontman Dave Grohl", praising the "raw, hard-hitting focus" and concluding that "'Rope' makes the listener feel like it's 1995 all over again."
"Rope" was nominated for "Best Rock Track" at the 2011 Teen Choice Awards, and Deadmau5' remix was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical. It placed at No. 63 on the Australian Triple J Hottest 100, 2011, the world's largest annual music poll.
Chart performance.
The song is only the second in history to debut atop the Rock Songs chart, after "The Catalyst" by Linkin Park in 2010. It also gave the Foo Fighters their second song to top the chart, tying them with Alice in Chains, Three Days Grace and Linkin Park as the only artists with multiple number-ones on the chart (a record that they would break immediately after "Rope" ended its reign at number one). "Rope" spent an unprecedented 20 consecutive weeks on top of the chart, until the July 30 issue, when the album's second single "Walk", took the number one spot. This made the Foo Fighters the first ever artist to have two consecutive number one songs on the chart. "Rope" also charted at number 22 on the UK Singles Chart making it the twenty-first Foo Fighters single to reach the UK Top 40. "Rope" is Foo Fighters' highest-charting single on the Netherlands Singles Chart, charting at number 31.

</doc>
<doc id="30991815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991815" title="St. John's Church (Saint Petersburg)">
St. John's Church (Saint Petersburg)

St. John's Church is a Protestant church in St. Petersburg, Russia. The church is situated at the address of 54 Ulitsa Dekabristov, close to the Mariinsky Theater. Founded in 1859 to serve the Estonian community living in the city at that time, it is considered Estonia's symbol of independence. It was the place where in 1888 Jakob Hurt made the call to resist the Tsarist government’s russification policy and on March 26, 1917, 40,000 Estonians began their march to Tauride Palace demanding national autonomy.
Closed in 1930 by the Soviet government, the belfry and portal was demolished and the building used for warehousing and workshops. The church underwent a $8.61 million renovation beginning in July 2009 and was reconsecrated on February 22, 2011 by the Archbishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Estonia Andres Põder with the Estonian President Toomas Hendrik Ilves in attendance.
As of 2014 St.Jhon's Church belongs to Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="30991816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991816" title="Diania">
Diania

Diania is an extinct genus of animal found in the Lower Cambrian Maotianshan shale of China, represented by a single species D. cactiformis. Known during its investigation by the nickname "walking cactus", this organism belongs to a group known as the armoured lobopodians and has a simple worm-like body with robust, spiny, and apparently jointed legs. Its significance is that jointed legs are the defining character of the arthropods and "Diania" may thus be very close to the origins of the most diverse group of animals on the planet.
Discovery.
Fossil of these animals were discovered independently by Jianni Liu from the Northwest University (China) in Xi’an, Qiang Ou from the China University of Geosciences in Beijing and Michael Steiner of the Free University Berlin. The fossils come from the famous Chengjiang deposit – or Maotianshan shale – of south-west China and are about 520 million years old. Specifically, they come from the Yu'anshan Formation, dated to the Cambrian Stage 3.
Name.
The name "Diania" comes from "Dian", which is an abbreviation in the Chinese language for Yunnan; the province where the fossils were discovered. The specific epithet "cactiformis" is based on its cactus-like appearance, which led to it being informally called the "walking cactus" by the research team working on the fossils.
Description.
Complete fossils of "Diania cactiformis" are about long and have a long, thin body. At the front end is a proboscis, presumably used in feeding. These animals have ten pairs of legs, and compared to the body these are quite robust and spiny. Because of this spiny appearance in the rocks the animal became known informally as the "walking cactus". The most important aspect is that legs appear to be jointed, with a hard exoskeleton divided into ring-like articles.
Significance.
"Diania" belongs to a group of extinct animals known as the armoured Lobopodia. These have long been assumed to be related in some way to Arthropoda and it seems likely that arthropods evolved from somewhere within this group. However, all previously discovered lobopodians showed soft, rather ring-like, but not segmented legs. The significance of "Diania" is that it is a lobopodian which appears to have evolved the name-giving character of the arthropods: jointed legs. 
In the original description of the fossil the authors suggested that "Diania" could be the sister group of "Schinderhannes" and the remaining arthropods, but discussed the possibility that it may be a more primitive form emerging before the evolution of creatures like "Kerygmachela" and "Anomalocaris". 
"Diania" also suggests that that arthropodization (i.e. the appearance of hard, ring-like joints around the legs) evolved before arthrodization (i.e. hard, ring-like segments, around the body). However, the phylogenetic anaylsis underlying this conclusion was flawed.

</doc>
<doc id="30991817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991817" title="Callambulyx kitchingi">
Callambulyx kitchingi

Callambulyx kitchingi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from China.

</doc>
<doc id="30991839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991839" title="Callambulyx poecilus">
Callambulyx poecilus

Callambulyx poecilus is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found along the southern slopes of the Himalaya, from northern Pakistan, through Nepal and north-eastern India to southern China (Yunnan and Hainan Island), and south into northern Thailand and Vietnam. It is also known from northern Sumatra.
The wingspan is about 77 mm. The forewing underside is red in the basal half.

</doc>
<doc id="30991846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991846" title="List of football clubs in Mongolia">
List of football clubs in Mongolia

Following is a list of football clubs located in Mongolia, sorted alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="30991852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991852" title="Callambulyx sichangensis">
Callambulyx sichangensis

Callambulyx sichangensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from China.

</doc>
<doc id="30991866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991866" title="Football in Mongolia">
Football in Mongolia

The sport of football in the country of Mongolia is run by the Mongolian Football Federation. The association administers the national football team as well as the Niislel League.

</doc>
<doc id="30991868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991868" title="PIRIX">
PIRIX

PIRIX Internet Exchange is Internet Exchange Point situated in Saint-Petersburg (Russia).
PIRIX is a center for broadband connectivity and Internet services in Saint-Petersburg. It offers peering, switching and housing facilities to Internet Access and Service Providers. PIRIX started in 2009 and is a fast growing, neutral and independent peering point.
Customers.
More than 40 different carriers and ISPs now participate in PIRIX data-points, including:

</doc>
<doc id="30991875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991875" title="Callambulyx amanda">
Callambulyx amanda

Callambulyx amanda is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Burma, Thailand, Malaysia, Sumatra, Borneo and the Philippines.
It is similar to "Callambulyx rubricosa", but can be distinguished by the conspicuous black marking near the tornus of the hindwing upperside.

</doc>
<doc id="30991879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991879" title="Callambulyx schintlmeisteri">
Callambulyx schintlmeisteri

Callambulyx schintlmeisteri is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="30991886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991886" title="England Keep My Bones">
England Keep My Bones

England Keep My Bones is the fourth studio album by London-based singer-songwriter Frank Turner, released on 6 June 2011, on Xtra Mile in the United Kingdom, and on 7 June 2011, on Epitaph Records worldwide. Preceded by the single, "Peggy Sang the Blues", the album was produced and mixed by Tristan Ivemy, who had previously mixed "Love, Ire and Song", "Rock & Roll" and "Campfire Punkrock".
The album's title is taken from William Shakespeare's play, "The Life and Death of King John", with Turner noting, "I knew that the album was, for the most part, about mortality, and about Englishness. Shakespeare seemed like a good place to go hunting for some pearls of wisdom, and with a little help from my friend Ben we came across this one, and it just seemed to fit the work really well."
Background and recording.
Amidst extensive touring in support of "Poetry of the Deed", Turner and his then-untitled backing band recorded "Rock & Roll", an EP consisting of tracks written at the same time as "Poetry of the Deed" alongside new material. Following its release, Turner and the band spent twenty days in January 2011, recording their next studio album with producer Tristan Ivemy. Turner noted, "I guess we worked pretty fast by most measures, but it wasn’t ever rushed, it was a really comfortable recording experience actually. We did an awful lot of pre-production and demoing, so I felt very ready to make the album once the time finally rolled around."
Writing and composition.
Prior to the album's release, Turner noted that his growing commercial success had influenced his lyrical content, stating, "I could still write songs pretending to be the underdog kid, but it's just not really true anymore." Turner also noted that one of the major themes of the album is that of "English national identity," stating, "it's something that I want to write songs about. I, quite self-consciously, want to make music that sounds English."
Regarding the album's overall aesthetic, Turner notes, "it's not a radical departure, just maybe a little deeper ploughed into the same furrow," and stated, prior to its release, "I'm very pleased with it, I think I achieved what I set out to do, which was to make a record that falls equally between "Love Ire & Song" and "Poetry of the Deed". The songs sound very strong to me."
Turner commented on the atheist nature of closing track, "Glory Hallelujah", stating, "I have played many Christian songs on stage in my time, and have no issue with that; but one time I was singing “May the Circle Be Unbroken” onstage in Atlanta, with Chuck Ragan, and it occurred to me that it'd be nice if there was a concomitant atheist song, with the same feel, to put the other side of the argument."
The Sleeping Souls.
Following the completion of the album, Turner subsequently announced his backing band had named themselves The Sleeping Souls, after a lyric in the track, "I Am Disappeared". Regarding their contributions, Turner noted, "they arrange with me, and there’s a clear distinction. Basically I turn up with songs that are finished to the extent that they have verses, choruses, middle eights, chord progressions and vocals. I generally have some ideas about what I want people to do. People will suggest a guitar or piano line, but I retain power of veto. It’s a dictatorship, rather than a democracy. To be honest, without getting too precious about this, I pay them to be in my band. I don’t want to be in a band, if I did then I'd do that. This is my project." Turner had previously stated, "I made album with my band, but it feels like more of a solo record than "Poetry of the Deed"," and further elaborated, "Last time round, I think I was a little excited about having a stable band line-up to take into the studio; also, we worked out all the arrangements in about two weeks of intensive rehearsal. As a result the feel tended towards the rock end of the spectrum and it became a band record – which is fine, but it’s definitely in the side field of what I want to do. This time we were all on tour together pretty much the whole time when I was writing, which meant we had much longer to work on arrangements, plus I was more confident in not using people on some songs, as opposed to just throwing everything on all the time."
Reception.
Critical reception to the album was extremely positive, with "NME" describing it as "a fearless venture for an artist with something interesting to say." "Paste" placed it at number 50 on their "Top 50 Albums of 2011" list.
Singles.
"I Still Believe" was released as the first single from the album (and the single from "Rock & Roll EP") on 28 October 2010. This was followed by the song "Peggy Sang The Blues", Frank's tribute to his Grandma on 25 May 2011. It was then announced on 28 July 2011 that "If Ever I Stray" would be released as the album's third single. It was backed by b-side "Sailor's Boots" (previously known as "Rod Stewart") and released on 29 August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30991894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991894" title="Yasser Abdel Hafez">
Yasser Abdel Hafez

Yasser Abdel Hafez (born 1969) is an Egyptian novelist and journalist. He was born in Cairo and studied law at Ain Shams University. He has worked as a journalist for the Arabic-language literary journal Akhbar al-Adab for more than 20 years. Abdel Hafez's most notable work is his novel "On the Occasion of Life", published in 2005. Excerpts from this novel have been translated into English and were published in Banipal magazine in 2006, in an issue devoted to new writing in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="30991904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991904" title="Agnosia orneus">
Agnosia orneus

Agnosia microta is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from India.
The wingspan is about 44 mm. The forewing upperside has a pale brown basal half and a generally darker distal half, with a rounded dark brown patch on the inner margin near the base.

</doc>
<doc id="30991916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991916" title="Saudi Arabia national basketball team">
Saudi Arabia national basketball team

The Saudi Arabia national basketball team is the national basketball team representing the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. It is administrated by the Saudi Arabian Basketball Federation. ()
Its biggest success has been the Bronze medal at the 1999 Asian Championship. The team lastly qualified for the 2013 FIBA Asia Championship. 
Competitions.
Performance at Summer Olympics.
"yet to qualify"
Performance at FIBA World championships.
"yet to qualify"

</doc>
<doc id="30991931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991931" title="ISIRI 13145">
ISIRI 13145

ISIRI 13145 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 76/432/EEC. It defines "Braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30991963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30991963" title="John Comerford">
John Comerford

John Comerford (1773-1832) was a Dublin miniature painter.
Life.
He was born at Kilkenny. 
He gained some knowledge of art from copying the pictures in the collection of the Marquis of Ormonde. 
He went early in life to Dublin, and entered as a student in the art schools of the Dublin Society. 
He exhibited in London at the Royal Academy in 1804 and 1809. 
He was very successful and gained a high reputation as a miniature-painter in Dublin, and had a large and lucrative practice in his art. 
He particularly excelled in his male portraits, which were carefully finished, well expressed, and quiet in colour. 
Some examples of his work were exhibited at the Special Exhibition of Portrait Miniatures in 1865, including portraits of Lady Sarah Lennox, Mr. Burgoyne, and Mr. William Fletcher, the latter in college dress. 
There is a miniature by him of an English military officer in the South Kensington Museum. 
In 1819, the Dublin Society of Artists, which had been for some years torn by internal dissensions, applied for a charter of incorporation. 
This was actively opposed, and Comerford was selected by the opposers, as being a man of good repute and much respected, to write to Sir Robert Peel, then chief secretary for Ireland, explaining the reason for opposition.
The controversy ended in the complete defeat of Comerford and his friends, and the society obtained their charter in 1821. 
He died in Dublin of apoplexy in 1832 or 1833, aged between sixty and seventy years. 

</doc>
<doc id="30992003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992003" title="Ramsgate Airport">
Ramsgate Airport

Ramsgate Airport was a civil airfield at Ramsgate, Kent, United Kingdom which opened in July 1935. It was briefly taken over by the Royal Air Force in the Second World War, becoming RAF Ramsgate. The airfield was then closed and obstructed to prevent its use. It reopened in 1953 and served until final closure in 1968. The site has now been redeveloped as an industrial estate.
History.
1935 - 40.
Ramsgate was selected to be the site of a Landing Ground during the First World War, but no work was carried out. Built at a cost of £26,000, Ramsgate Airport opened on 1 July 1935, on a site. With the opening of the airport, Hillman's Airways inaugurated a service to Belgium. As Ostend Airport was not then ready, services were initially to Le Zoute Airfield, Knokke. Four services per day were operated. The airport was operated by Ramsgate Airport Ltd, which was registered as a private limited company on 20 July 1935 with capital of £5,000 in £1 shares. The directors were a Mr F Gwatkin, Richard Seaman and Whitney Straight. The official opening ceremony was performed by the Mayor of Ramsgate, who was then flown to Belgium in a de Havilland Dragon by Neville Stack. A representative from Crilly Airways also attended the dinner to celebrate the opening of the airport. Customs facilities were provided within a month of the airport opening. In October 1935, plans were made to extend the airport, with a control tower and a hangar amongst the facilities to be provided.
In February 1936, the site measured . Fuel and customs facilities had been provided and a temporary hangar erected. By March 1936, the Thanet Aero Club had been formed at Ramsgate, operating a de Havilland Hornet Moth. Mignet HM.14 "Flying Flea" aircraft had been grounded following a crash at Penshurst in May 1936, The ban had been lifted following wind tunnel tests which resulted in modifications to the wings. A race was held on 3 August in which seven aircraft took part, with a £100 prize at stake. An eighth aircraft was flown by Henri Mignet, who performed various aerobatics. The aircraft bore the inscription "Flying Flea flies in England. I thank the Air Ministry". Following the race, Short Scion aircraft flew pleasure flights. From 29 August - 26 September, an Aviation Camp was held at Ramsgate. It was sponsored by the National League of Airmen.
On 3 July 1937, the official opening of Ramsgate Airport was performed by Director-General of Civil Aviation Sir Francis Shelmerdine. The airport building incorporated the control tower at its centre. From 17–31 July, 611 (West Lancashire) (Bomber) Squadron, Royal Air Force held a camp at Ramsgate. In August, an air race was held at Ramsgate. The race was won by Paul Elwell in Taylor Cub G-AESK. Alex Henshaw was third in Percival Mew Gull G-AEXF and Geoffrey de Havilland was seventh in De Havilland T.K.2 G-ADNO. Sixteen aircraft participated in the race. Thirteen of them were British, with two German and one Latvian entry.
At Easter 1938, a week-long aviation camp was held at Ramsgate. This was followed by another held from 4 June - 17 September. In July, Southern Airways Ltd started a twice-daily service between Ilford, Essex and Ramsgate.
In April 1939, the annual aviation camp was organised by the Civil Air Guard. An intensive two-week course enabled pilots to obtain their "A" licence at a cost of £10 3s. In previous years it would have cost £25 13s to obtain an A licence.
In 1940, Ramsgate was used as a satellite of RAF Manston during the Battle of Britain. With the need for this diminishing following the end of the battle, the airfield was closed and obstructions placed on it to prevent its use. Post-war, the site was used for agricultural purposes.
1952 - 68.
On 1 June 1952, Ramsgate Airport reopened. Air Kruise (Kent) Ltd had taken a 21 year lease on the land. They extended their Le Touquet - Lympne service to Ramsgate. The war-damaged hangars and buildings were repaired. A grass runway was available, suitable to operate Avro Anson, de Havilland Dragon Rapide and de Havilland Heron aircraft. The first aircraft to land at Ramsgate was Auster J/1 Autocrat G-AIZZ. Early services from Ramsgate were operated by Dragon Rapides.
Ramsgate Airport was officially reopened on 27 June 1953 by Minister for Civil Aviation Alan Lennox-Boyd. The prototype Heron was amongst the aircraft that gave displays at the opening ceremony. A new flying club was formed, the Ramsgate Flying Club. Air Kruise moved its operations from Lympne to Ramsgate later that year. Air Kruise traded as Trans-Channel Airways. It carried 22,500 passengers in 1953.
On 1 May 1954, Air Kruise was taken over by Britavia, which also owned Aquila Airways and Silver City Airways, but kept its separate identity. In 1958, Air Kruise was absorbed into Silver City. Hugh Kennard, joint managing director of Silver City, formed Aircraft Engineering and Maintenance Ltd (AEM) at Ramsgate.The company overhauled aircraft engine gearboxes, hydraulic systems and instruments. As of 2011, AEM is known as Aviation Engineering & Maintenance Ltd and is a part of Rio Tinto Zinc. By 1960, AEM assembled the first Champion Tri-Traveller aircraft in the UK, G-APYT, at Ramsgate. Further Tri-Travellers were also assembled at Ramsgate.
In 1963, Chrisair were operating de Havilland Dragon G-ADDI from Ramsgate for pleasure flights. In March 1965, Kennard formed Invicta International Airlines, based at Manston Airport, but with a head office based at Ramsgate. Ramsgate Airport closed in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="30992008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992008" title="Meneghino">
Meneghino

Meneghino (Milanese: "Meneghin") is a traditional character of the Italian "commedia dell'arte", associated to the city of Milan. As such, it also plays a major role in the Milanese celebrations of Carnival (Carnevale Ambrosiano) and in local marionette traditional shows. 
It is uncertain whether "Meneghino" is just a diminutive form of "Domenico" or whether the name is a reference to "domenighini", a word used in Milan to refer to the servants that accompanied the faithful to masses on Sundays ("domenica" in Italian). Meneghino is in fact a witty servant (and thus a variation on the theme of the Zanni character), but he is mostly characterized by honesty, sincerity and a strong sense of justice. He is usually represented as wearing a cocked three-cornered hat, a pony-tailed wig, short green pants, red-white striped stockings, black shoes with buckles, a white shirt, a yellow or otherwise colorful flowered vest, a long jacket, and an umbrella. Meneghino's sincerity is also symbolized by the fact that, unlike most commedia dell'arte characters, he doesn't wear a mask. While originally a servant, Meneghino has actually taken on different roles on stage, including that of the master, the peasant, and the merchant. In Carnival parades, he is often accompanied by his wife "Cecca" (Milanese diminutive of "Francesca").
The character was first popularized (and possibly created) by Milanese writer Carlo Maria Maggi, who also gave him the surname "Pecenna", a Milanese word which means "hairdresser" but also conveys an implicit critique to the vanity and shallowness of aristocracy and clergy. The character was further developed by Milanese poet Carlo Porta, who used it in several works, including his debut "El lavapiatt del Meneghin ch'è mort" ("The dead Meneghino's dish-washer", 1792). Porta also developed the anti-clerical traits of the character in works such as "Meneghin biroeu di ex monegh" ("Meneghino Servant of the Former Nuns", 1820). Meneghino thus eventually became the embodiement of the Milanese's critical attitude towards the powerful, the rich, and the oppressors of the people. As a consequence, in the years that led to the Italian unification (i.e., during the "Risorgimento"), he became a symbol of the Milanese revolutionary movement against the Austrian oppression.
In modern Milanese culture.
Nowadays, Meneghino is the prominent commedia character and carnival mask representing Milan, having gradually replaced an older character Beltrame, more akin to Brighella. The word "meneghino" has become a common antonomasia to refer to Milanese people and matters, as well as the Milanese language itself. Recently, a new model of trains called "Meneghini" have been introduced in the Milan Metro subway system.

</doc>
<doc id="30992012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992012" title="Monte Clapier">
Monte Clapier

Monte Clapier (French: "Mont Clapier") is a mountain in the Maritime Alps, on the boundary between the province of Cuneo (Piedmont, northern Italy) and the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur.
Geography.
It is part of the Mercantour massif.
Monte Clapier is home to the southernmost glacier in the Alps, located on the Italian side at some 40 km from the sea. Furthermore, it is the southernmost mountain in the Alps exceeding 3000 meters in height.
Geology.
Geologically, the mountain is formed by granitoid gneiss, with outcrops of amphibolic agmatites (granitoid migmatites).
Climbing.
It may be climbed from the Refuge Nice in around two-and-a-half to three hours, initially northward along a narrow path towards the Lacs de Mont Clapier, then eastward along a cairned route (no path visible) across rough, bouldered ground.
View.
The view is extensive stretching from the Mediterranean to the south to the high Alps to the northeast. Monte Viso is prominent to the north and 4000m peaks like the Matterhorn, Monte Rosa and the Weissmies, and even Corsica, are visible on clear days.

</doc>
<doc id="30992014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992014" title="ISIRI 13144">
ISIRI 13144

ISIRI 13144 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 2009/63/EC. It defines "Certain parts and characteristics of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30992029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992029" title="Burnt Evidence">
Burnt Evidence

Burnt Evidence is a 1954 British drama film directed by Daniel Birt and starring Jane Hylton, Duncan Lamont and Donald Gray. A man accidentally kills another and is hunted down by the police. The film was produced by Ronald Kinnoch for Act Films Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="30992037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992037" title="Bagatayam">
Bagatayam

Bagatayam is a barangay of Sogod, Cebu, in the Philippines. It has about 10,000 inhabitants.
History.
Bagatayam, Sogod (Cebu) was organized on March 19, 1968. It was formerly called Bagat because it is located in the southern part of Sogod.
Tourism.
There are many tourist sights located in Barangay, such as a spring that is supposed to have healing powers, the Bagatayam Waterfall, the Three Loverstone, and the Binaliw Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="30992039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992039" title="List of Presidents of the Landtag of Saxony">
List of Presidents of the Landtag of Saxony

President of the Landtag of Saxony
1831-1918 Saxony had a bicameral legislature. It consisted of the I Chamber and the II Chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="30992054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992054" title="Emanuele da Como">
Emanuele da Como

Fra Emanuele da Como, born in 1625, was a Franciscan monk, and studied art under the direction of Agostino Scilla at Messina. He distinguished 
himself by his pure and simple style, which is the more creditable as he flourished at a time when taste for art was in a most deplorable state. Several frescoes by him are in the library of the Irish convent of St. Isidore at Rome. He died in 1701.

</doc>
<doc id="30992059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992059" title="2011 AFC President's Cup">
2011 AFC President's Cup

The 2011 AFC President's Cup was the seventh edition of the AFC President's Cup, a football competition organized by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) for clubs from "emerging countries" in Asia.
Teams from 12 member associations competed. In the qualifying stage, the 12 teams were divided into three groups of four teams each, and the top two teams from each group qualified for the six-team finals to be played at a centralised venue. In the final stage, the qualified six teams were divided into two groups of three teams each. The winners from each group met in the final for the title.
Taiwan Power Company became the first Taiwanese team to win the AFC President's Cup with a 3–2 win over Phnom Penh Crown from Cambodia in the final.
Qualifying teams.
Palestinian Authority clubs began to play in the AFC President’s Cup from 2011 onwards.
Group stage.
The draw for the group stage was held at on 14 March 2011, 15:00 , at AFC House, Kuala Lumpur. The 12 teams were divided into three groups of four teams each. The group matches were scheduled to be played from 13 to 31 May 2011; however, matches of Group C were played from 20 to 24 April 2011.
All groups were played in a single round-robin format at a centralized venue. The top two teams from each group qualified for the final stage. The clubs are ranked according to points and tie breakers are in following order:
Final stage.
On 14 June 2011, the Organising Committee for the AFC President’s Cup decided to award the hosting rights of the 2011 AFC President’s Cup Finals to Chinese Taipei. The matches were played at the Kaohsiung National Stadium in Kaohsiung from 19 to 25 September 2011.
The draw for the final stage was held on 29 July 2011, 16:00 , at AFC House, Kuala Lumpur. The six teams which qualified for the final stage were divided into two groups of three teams each, played in a single round-robin format. The winner from each group qualified for the single-match final to decide the title (extra time and penalty shootout would be used to decide the winner if necessary).
Awards.
The following awards were given for the 2011 AFC President's Cup:

</doc>
<doc id="30992062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992062" title="Tsiknopempti">
Tsiknopempti

Tsiknopempti (Greek Τσικνοπέμπτη), literally "Thursday of the Smoke of Grilled Meat", In the Greek Orthodox tradition, fasting on Wednesday and Friday is important, therefore Thursday is the best day for Tsiknopempti. Tsiknopempti is celebrated 11 days before Clean Monday.
Similar celebrations known as 'Fat Thursday' are held in many other countries.
In many countries there is an equivalent festivity day widely know as "Mardi Gras".
Etymology.
The name Τσικνοπέμπτη comes from the Greek words τσίκνα, which is the smell of grilled meat, and from Πέμπτη, which means Thursday.

</doc>
<doc id="30992063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992063" title="ISIRI 13143">
ISIRI 13143

ISIRI 13143 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 77/537/EEC. It defines "Measures to be taken against the emission of pollutants from diesel engines for use in wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30992069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992069" title="Grmada, Trebnje">
Grmada, Trebnje

Grmada is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. It lies in the hills south of Trebnje, on the local road leading to Dobrnič. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
Alojzij Šuštar, who was the archbishop of Ljubljana from 1980 to 1997, was born in Grmada.

</doc>
<doc id="30992073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992073" title="Ahren Warner">
Ahren Warner

Ahren Warner (born 1986) is a British poet.
Background.
Warner's first book, "Confer" (Bloodaxe), was a Poetry Book Society Recommendation (Autumn 2011) and was shortlisted for the Forward Prize for Best First Collection. He has also published a pocket-book, "Re:", with Donut Press.
Warner received an Eric Gregory Award in 2010 and an Arts Foundation Fellowship in 2012, his poems appear in several major anthologies, including "London: A History in Verse" (Harvard University Press, 2012), "Identity Parade: New British and Irish Poets" (Bloodaxe, 2010), "Voice Recognition: 21 Poets for the 21st Century" (Bloodaxe, 2009) and "City State: New London Poetry" (Penned in the Margins, 2009).
Warner was appointed poetry editor of "Poetry London" in February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30992074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992074" title="Valle Gesso">
Valle Gesso

Valle Gesso is a valley in the Maritime Alps (south-western Alps), located in the Italian province of Cuneo and crossed by the Gesso torrent.
The language spoken by the inhabitants belongs to the Occitan language family.
Geography.
The valley is home to the highest peaks in the range, those of Monte Argentera (3,297 m). Its territory is divided between the municipalities of Entracque, Roaschia, Valdieri and Roccavione. Nearby valleys include the Valle Vermenagna, the Tinée valley in France and the Valle Stura di Demonte. After Valdieri, the valleys divided into two sub-valleys known as Valle Gesso di Entracque and Valle Gesso della Valletta.
History.
Historically, the valley was inhabited by the Ligures, who were defeated by the Romans in 14 BC. After the fall of the Roman empire, around 600, the Benedictines founded here the Abbey of Pedona, which controlled the valley until emperor Louis I gave it to the bishops of Asti in 901. In the 13th century, after a short period under the Marquisate of Saluzzo, it was acquired by the Angevines, who had created a county in Piedmont with Cuneo as its capital.
After the 14th century it became a fief of the Duchy of Savoy, to which it belonged until the 19th century, aside from a short French rule after the French Revolutionary Wars. The Savoy family created here a resort and a personal hunting reserve, which later became the Maritime Alps Natural Park. As a part of the Kingdom of Italy from 1861, the valley remained economically based on animal husbandry and agriculture; after World War II the presence of hydro-electric plant favored the creation of industries (especially cement plants), while tourist became increasingly relevant starting from the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="30992075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992075" title="Reg Piper">
Reg Piper

Reginald John "Reg" Piper (born 25 February 1942) was an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney. He was the Bishop of Wollongong from 1993 to 2007.
Piper was born in Goulburn and educated at the Australian National University. After studying at Moore Theological College he was ordained in 1967. He had curacies at St Stephen’s Willougby and St Clement’s Lalor Park before incumbencies at St Aidan’s Hurstville Grove, Christ Church, Kiama and Holy Trinity, Adelaide before his ordination to the episcopate. He is married to Dorothy Piper.

</doc>
<doc id="30992080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992080" title="Andrew Ritchie (British Army officer)">
Andrew Ritchie (British Army officer)

Major-General Andrew Stephenson Ritchie, CBE (born 30 July 1953) is a retired British officer and former Commandant of the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst. He is now Director of Goodenough College, London.
Early life.
Richie was born on 30 July 1953 in London, England. He is the son of Dilys (née Stephenson) and Canon David Caldwell Ritchie. He was educated at Harrow County Boys' School until 1971. While serving in the British Army, he was able to attend the University of Durham between 1975 and 1978, where he gained a third-class degree in Law and Politics.
Military career.
Richie was commissioned into the Royal Artillery on 10 March 1973 as a second lieutenant. He was promoted to lieutenant on 10 March 1975, and to captain on 10 September 1979. He saw service in Belize, Rhodesia, Northern Ireland and West Germany from 1974 to 1984. Having attended the Staff College, Camberley, he was promoted to major on 30 September 1985. He then was posted to the Ministry of Defence in 1986–1987 before joining the 3rd Regiment Royal Horse Artillery, with which he served in Germany, Cyprus, and the United Kingdom from 1988 to 1990. 
He was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 30 June 1990. He was Director of Army Plans from 1990 to 1992, then commanded the 1st Regiment Royal Horse Artillery from 1992 to 1995. He was promoted to colonel on 30 June 1995. He saw service in Bosnia from 1995 to 1996. He was promoted to brigadier on 31 December 1996 with seniority from 30 June 1996, before taking the Higher Command and Staff Course in 1997. He was Director of Personal Services (Army) from 1998 to 2000 and was at the Royal College of Defence Studies in 2001, then was Director of Corporate Communications (Army) in 2001–2002. On 1 April 2002, he was promoted to major-general and appointed General Officer Commanding the 4th Division. He served as Commandant of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst from 5 January 2003 to 2006. He retired on 1 August 2006.
Commandant of Sandhurst.
Ritchie's tenure as Commandant of Sandhurst coincided with the attendance of Princes William and Harry at the academy, but was marred by a series of high-profile security breaches by journalists. In June 2005, a tabloid reporter successfully smuggled a fake bomb into the academy, and also claimed to have filmed footage of Prince Harry in the supposedly secure military compound. The incident prompted a full security review by Defence Secretary John Reid. In August 2005, a journalist for another tabloid was successfully offered a job at Sandhurst despite using obviously fake credentials. A further security incident occurred in January 2006, when the entire camp went into alert over a bomb; it later turned out to be a false alarm caused by a fake bomb made for cadet exercises, which had been fallen off a vehicle and then been found by Ritchie, who then raised the alarm. It was reported in the "Daily Telegraph" in January 2006 that in the ensuing controversy, Ritchie was saved from being sacked by a personal intervention from Prince Charles, with the Prince of Wales reported to have made "'high-level' phone calls of support" to government ministers and senior officials, and issuing "a hand-written letter" of support for Ritchie. Ritchie resigned as Commandant of Sandhurst in April 2006, resigning from the army shortly thereafter. At the time of his resignation, Ritchie had been assigned to serve a tour of duty of up to four months in Iraq, but the timing of his resignation meant that he did not end up going there.
Ritchie also gave a controversial "Daily Telegraph" interview during his Sandhurst tenure, in which he discussed suitable placements for army officers with the words, "Clearly, if say a regiment plays a lot of polo and you are a rugby player, you probably won't want to go to the polo-playing regiment", before conceding in the same interview, "I rather regret using that example", and stressed that the army was far more accessible today than when he first joined in the 1970s. 
After leaving Sandhurst, Ritchie instructed media law firm Harbottle & Lewis, who successfully sued the "Daily Mirror" on his behalf over a front-page story (subsequently repeated in the "Daily Express" and "The Times") headlined, "Harry's Army Chief quits 'over stress'", and "Fall Out! Exclusive: Sandhurst chief quits job after stress of looking after Princes". "The Mirror" offered a full retraction, paid an undisclosed sum in damages (Ritchie's writ had been for £100,000 in damages), plus legal costs, and accepted that as an army officer, Ritchie, "has been trained to deal with stress." In an interview with Ritchie after his retirement, the "Daily Telegraph" noted, "There were conflicting reports that 52-year-old Gen Ritchie had either been forced out, or so stressed by the security scare that he opted for early retirement", which Ritchie dismissed as "complete rubbish."
Later life.
After retiring from the service, he was appointed as Director of Goodenough College in London, a residential college for postgraduate students, taking his post in July 2006.
Private life.
In 1981, Ritchie married Camilla Trollope, and they have one son and two daughters. His "Who's Who" entry lists his hobbies as hunting, opera, tennis and golf.
Ritchie has been a Trustee of the British Forces Foundation since 2003, President of the Royal Artillery Hunt, a Member of the Council of Marlborough College, and a Governor of Princess Helena College since 2006, and a director of Larkhill Racecourse since 2008.
Honours and decorations.
Ritchie was awarded the Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service on 8 November 1996 "for gallant and distinguished services in the former Republic of Yugoslavia during the period 21st December 1995 to 20th June 1996". In the 1999 Queen's Birthday Honours, he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
He was appointed Honorary Colonel of the 100 (Yeomanry) Regiment Royal Artillery (Volunteers) on 17 February 2001. He was Deputy Colonel Commandant of the Adjutant General's Corps from 3 November 2005 to 2 July 2006. He was appointed Colonel Commandant of the Royal Regiment of Artillery on 1 March 2006, and relinquished the position on 1 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30992081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992081" title="Ángel Juanes Peces">
Ángel Juanes Peces

Ángel Juanes Peces (born 22 October 1947) is a Spanish jurist who currently serves as Vice-President of the General Council of the Judiciary. From 2009 to 2014 he was President of the "Audiencia Nacional".

</doc>
<doc id="30992085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992085" title="List of football clubs in Montserrat">
List of football clubs in Montserrat


</doc>
<doc id="30992088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992088" title="Hudeje">
Hudeje

Hudeje is a settlement north of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. Historically the area was part of Lower Carniola and the entire Municipality of Trebnje is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.

</doc>
<doc id="30992096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992096" title="Abdul Ghani Saheb Saudagar">
Abdul Ghani Saheb Saudagar

Abdul Ghani Saheb Saudagar (1843-1897) was a notable figure in the western Indian city of Kolhapur, located in the state of Maharashtra. He is described as having been a very enterprising trader and businessman, investing his time and wealth in developmental activities. In addition to his entrepreneurial life, Sahab engaged in services for both his community and his home country. Saudagar was also involved with the establishment of educational opportunities for his fellow citizens, and in the year 1290 Hijri (1873 CE), he established a "dini madrasa" (an Islamic school, imparting education in Arabic, Islamic Studies, Persian and History) that was subsequently named the Madrasa Nawabia Islamia.
Saudagar was a prolific businessman and was eventually awarded a Certificate by the Resident State of Hyderabad on behalf of the British monarchy, then under the reign of Queen Victoria.
Three historic convocations (Ijlas-e-Dastarbandi) of the Madrasa took place.
Over the years, the number of students in the resident Madrasa declined. In 1950, Shaikh-ul-Hadees Maulana Abid Ali Wajid Al-Husimi Bhopali rejuvenated and renamed the Madrasa as Madrasa Anwarul Uloom. To date the Madrasa is imparting education. His younger son, Nawab Mohammed Abdul Quader, carried on the developmental activities his father had started. Nawab Mohammed Abdul Ghani Sahab established a separate high school for girls. He also established a hospital and the post office (pin code: 444802). Each of these institutions has grown over time, and even today are the principal institutions of the region.
Family.
His elder son was Nawab Mohammed Abdul Samad, who was married to Halima Bi Sahiba, the sister of Nawab Nyazuddin Khan Bahadur (date of death uncertain), the Landlord of the Bhadrah Estate.
Death.
Nawab Mohammed Abdul Ghani Saheb Saudagar died in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="30992099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992099" title="Association football in Montserrat">
Association football in Montserrat

The sport of association football in the island of Montserrat is run by the Montserrat Football Association. The association administers the national football team, as well as the national football league.

</doc>
<doc id="30992114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992114" title="Iglenik pri Veliki Loki">
Iglenik pri Veliki Loki

Iglenik pri Veliki Loki is a small village east of Velika Loka in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. The entire area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Iglenik" to "Iglenik pri Veliki Loki" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="30992119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992119" title="Davy and the Goblin">
Davy and the Goblin

"Davy and the Goblin, or, What Followed Reading "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland"" is a novel by Charles E. Carryl, written in 1884 and published by Houghton Mifflin of Boston and Frederick Warne of London in 1885. It was one of the first "imitations" inspired by Lewis Carroll's two books, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and "Through the Looking-Glass".
The story is about eight-year-old Davy who reads Lewis Carroll’s classic novel "Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland" next to the fireplace, when he begins to get sleepy. A Goblin appears in the fire, munching coals, and takes Davy on a “believing voyage” where he meets a variety of characters from fantasy and literature.
The book features line drawings by Edmund Birckhead Bensell.
In 1891, Carryl wrote another book inspired by "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", called "The Admiral's Caravan".

</doc>
<doc id="30992120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992120" title="Michael Barber">
Michael Barber

Michael Barber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30992126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992126" title="ISIRI 13142">
ISIRI 13142

ISIRI 13142 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 2009/76/EC. It defines "Driver-perceived noise level of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30992129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992129" title="Syrian constitutional referendum, 1953">
Syrian constitutional referendum, 1953

A constitutional referendum was held in Syria on 10 July 1953. The changes to the constitution were approved by 99.7% of voters, with turnout reported to be 86.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="30992143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992143" title="Fletcher S. Bassett">
Fletcher S. Bassett

Fletcher Stewart Bassett (1847–1893) was an American Naval Officer and author. He was instrumental in establishing the international Folk-Lore Congress of 1893 for the World's Columbian Exposition and founded the Chicago Folk-Lore Society.
Bassett was born in Adams County, Kentucky, on December 21, 1847. His literary career began at college, and he volunteered for military service at this time, participating in the American Civil War. He first served with the 188th regiment before enlisting in the US Navy, he was promoted to Lieutenant 1875 and was listed as retired in 1882. While enlisted he developed as a professional writer, submitting articles to newspaper and journals, and contributing to Hammersly's "Naval Encyclopedia". His first book was "Legends and Superstitions of the Sea" (Chicago, London. 1885), and the subject of folklore would become a special interest. Bassett is given much credit for generating popular interest in a field that was acquiring scholarly recognition and developing as a 'science'. In 1892 he published "The Folk-Lore Manual; or Questionnaire of the Folk-Lore Society", having assembled the material from a sources provided by a number of sources he had solicited. He became a member of many international societies of literature and folklore, and was active in leading and founding these. Bassett's interest and activism was in an area alive with vigorous disputes as workers sought define the field and gain respectability for its study, his alliance in these theoretical disputes was associated with those investigating the material as literature. In founding the Chicago Folk-Lore Society in 1891, the group's charter took a literary approach to folklore, a position regarded as s with similar societies who sought to establish a scientific treatment of folklore. Through his experience in the navy Bassett had become proficient in many modern languages, and gained experience of foreign peoples, assets which saw him appointed as the Chief Interpreter and Translator of the World's 
Columbian Exposition of 1893 and chairman of the Folklore Congress of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="30992151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992151" title="Football in Burma">
Football in Burma

The sport of football in the country of Myanmar is run by the Myanmar Football Federation. The association administers the national football team as well as the national league.

</doc>
<doc id="30992160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992160" title="Rolf Trygve Busch">
Rolf Trygve Busch

Rolf Trygve Busch (born 15 November 1920) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Spydeberg, and holds the cand.jur. degree. He was hired in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1947, and was promoted to assistant secretary in 1960 and sub-director in 1963. He served as an embassy councellor at the Norwegian NATO embassy from 1965 to 1971, deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs briefly in 1971 before serving as the Norwegian ambassador to NATO from 1971 to 1977, to West Germany from 1977 to 1982 and to the United Kingdom from 1982 to 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="30992161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992161" title="Minuscule 837 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 837 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 837 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε415 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript is lacunose.
Description.
The codex contains the texts of the Gospel of Matthew (1:17-5:30; 17:24-24:29; 27:60-28:20) and Gospel of Mark (1:1-32), on 29 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in two columns per page, 27 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Eusebian Canon tables, tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each of the Gospels, lectionary markings at the margin, and subscriptions at the end of each of the Gospels.
Text.
Kurt Aland did not place the Greek text of the codex in any Category.
History.
Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century.
The manuscript was examined and described by Angelo Maria Bandini. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (837e). Gregory saw it in 1886. It was later catalogued again as minuscule 2580 on the list Gregory-Aland. Number 2580 was cancelled.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Laurentian Library (I. 94 suss., fol. 38-66), in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="30992174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992174" title="Ibtisam Abdallah">
Ibtisam Abdallah

Ibtisam Abdallah is a noted Iraqi novelist, short-story writer and literary translator. 
She was born in Kirkuk but has lived mostly in Baghdad. As of 2001, she had published four novels and one collection of short stories. The best known of her novels is "Mesopotamia", published in Baghdad in 2001. The same year, she became the editor-in-chief of "Al-Thaqafa Al-Ajnabiyya" (Foreign Culture), a quarterly journal devoted to foreign literature and culture, the only one of its kind in Iraq. (The magazine ceased publishing in the aftermath of the US invasion of Iraq in 2003.) 
Abdallah has translated several Western literary works into Arabic, notably JM Coetzee's award-winning novel "Waiting for the Barbarians". She has also translated the memoirs of Mikis Theodorakis and Angela Davis. Abdallah's writing is known for its juxtaposition of feminist themes with contemporary social and political issues. Some of her short stories have appeared in English translation. She is also well known in Iraq as a journalist and a television figure.

</doc>
<doc id="30992183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992183" title="Public School 9 and Public School 9 Annex">
Public School 9 and Public School 9 Annex

Public School 9 and Public School 9 Annex are two historic school buildings located at 249 and 251 Sterling Place, respectively, at Vanderbilt Avenue in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.
Public School 9 consists of a central, two story gabled section flanked by two story wings. The central section dates to 1867-68 and was designed by Samuel B. Leonard in the Early Romanesque Revival style. The two wings were added in 1887 and were designed by James W. Naughton. The school was originally Public School 9, later becoming Public School 111, and currently P.S. 340.
Public School 9 Annex was necessitated by the continued population growth of Prospect Heights, which caused overcrowding in the original school. It was designed by James W. Naughton and built in 1895. It is a three story,"H" shaped, brick building crowned by gable dormer windows. The Romanesque Revival building incorporates Renaissance Revival style details. The building has been converted into condominium apartments under the name "P.S. 9".
Both buildings were separately designated New York City Landmarks in 1978, as "Public School 9" and "Public School 9 Annex" and were listed together on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981, as "Public School 111 and Public School 9 Annex"
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="30992196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992196" title="Football in Niue">
Football in Niue

The sport of football in the country of Niue is run by the Niue Soccer Federation. The association administers the national football team, as well as the Niue Soccer Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="30992201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992201" title="The Admiral's Caravan">
The Admiral's Caravan

"The Admiral's Caravan" is a novel by Charles E. Carryl, written in 1891 and published by the Century Company of New York in 1892. It is one of many literary "imitations" inspired by Lewis Carroll's two books, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and "Through the Looking-Glass". It appeared in serialized form in the children's periodical "St Nicholas" beginning in 1891.
The story is about a young girl named Dorothy who takes a journey with three wooden statues who come alive on Christmas Eve.
The book features line drawings by Reginald Bathurst Birch.
In 1885, Carryl published another book inspired by "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", called "Davy and the Goblin".

</doc>
<doc id="30992205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992205" title="Syrian United Arab Republic referendum, 1958">
Syrian United Arab Republic referendum, 1958

A referendum on the formation of the United Arab Republic and appointing Gamal Abdel Nasser as its president was held in Syria on 21 February 1958, alongside a simultaneous referendum in Egypt. The formation of the UAR was approved by 100% of voters, with only 139 voting against, whilst Nasser was approved as president by a similar margin.

</doc>
<doc id="30992210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992210" title="The World Atlas of Golf">
The World Atlas of Golf

The World Atlas of Golf: The Greatest Courses and How They Are Played is a golf reference book. It was first released in 1976. It has been reprinted five times: in 1988, 1991, 1998, 2003, and 2008. Each reprint reflects newer events, and some courses are added or removed from each reprint.

</doc>
<doc id="30992232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992232" title="Public School 39">
Public School 39

Public School 39, also known as Henry Bristow School, is a historic school building located in Park Slope, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1876-1877 and is a three story symmetrical brick and stone building combining features of the Italianate and Second Empire styles. The main facade features a central bay or tower with a rusticated first floor. The building has steep slate covered mansard roofs.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="30992252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992252" title="Solbergbakken">
Solbergbakken

Solbergbakken was a ski jumping hill located at Valler in Bærum, Norway. Owned by Bærums SK, it remained in use until 1990. It had a K-point at 59 meters.
Four world records in the ski jumping has been set at Solbergbakken. Asbjørn Nilssen and Morten Hansen jumped 32.5 meters in 1899, while Olaf Tandberg jumped 35.5 meters the following year. In 1910 Hilda Stang set world record for women with 22 meters.
When Bærums SK arranged Norwegian Championships, these were normally held in the hill Skuibakken. The Nazi national championships were however held in Solbergbakken in 1942 and 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="30992254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992254" title="Nira Dynamics AB">
Nira Dynamics AB

NIRA Dynamics AB is a Swedish company focusing on research and development of signal processing and control systems for the automotive industry. It supplies automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and suppliers in Europe, North America, Latin America, and Asia with its products and systems. In January 2012, the number of vehicles equipped with NIRA's main product, TPI, exceeded the benchmark of 2,000,000.
History.
NIRA was founded in 2001 and is located at Mjärdevi Science Park in Linköping, Sweden. 
During the early period, NIRA Dynamics developed the first two of its products: the anti-spin system NSC and a positioning system MAP. 
NSC received the Volvo Technology Award and until 2004 was featured in the Volvo S40 and V40 models under the name DSA (Dynamic Stability Assistance). Since 2007, NSC is in series production and featured in a line of motorcycles from one of the world leading motorcycle manufacturers.
In 2008, NIRA was presented the European Automotive Chassis Product of the Year Award by Frost & Sullivan for its product TPI.
At present, NIRA has a next development being ready to become a product: the data logger with the prototype name T-Recs Box. 
NIRA Dynamics holds an certificate stating that it has efficient and structured processes and tools to manage collaborative development projects in international environments.
Technology and products.
NIRA Dynamics' core product is its Tire Pressure Indicator (TPI), an indirect tire-pressure monitoring system (TPMS) capable of detecting underinflation simultaneously in up to four tires. At the moment, TPI is installed in several Audi models (the A1, A3, A4, A5, A6, A7, A8, Q3, Q5, Q7, and TT); several Volkswagen models (Polo, Golf, Jetta, Beetle, Scirocco, Passat, Tiguan, Touran, and Sharan); several SEAT and Skoda models; as well as the Chery Arrizo 7 and the MG 3. The system meets the American FMVSS 138 and the European ECE R-64 regulations on tire pressure monitoring systems. TPI is a software component that uses wheel vibration resonance measurement to estimate tire pressure from the signals of the wheel speed sensors that are part of the anti-lock braking system (ABS) and electronic stability control system (ESC). It is active after five minutes of calibration, after which it becomes self-learning. TPI does not require any in-wheel pressure sensors and RF (radio frequency) components. The Audi TT series was the first to be equipped with TPI, in 2006. The Audi A4 and A5 models followed the next year. TPI can be fit into different electronic stability control hardware hosts, including those of Continental AG, Robert Bosch GmbH, and TRW Automotive.
NIRA Dynamics is developing sensor fusion based systems for different vehicle applications. Sensor fusion or sensor data fusion is the use of information from several different physical sensors to compute new virtual sensor signals. The virtual sensors can be of two different types: improved versions of physical sensor signals, or soft sensors that have no direct physical counterpart among the sensors used.
TPI Light is a product for vehicles with built-in anti-lock braking system (which is standard in most cars) but no electronic stability control system (which is not standard, particularly in emerging markets).

</doc>
<doc id="30992255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992255" title="Femmes Africa Solidarité">
Femmes Africa Solidarité

The NGO Femmes Africa Solidarité (FAS) was founded by African women leaders in 1996 in Geneva to prevent and resolve conflicts in Africa and to empower woman for leadership in peace building. Its conceptual framework is the UN Resolution 1325.
The FAS philosophy is that every woman in Africa can play a role to achieve peace and improve their quality of life. Women are not perceived by FAS as passive victims: They are acknowledged as key civil society agents with enormous potential.
Women, in the FAS vision, can make a big difference towards a new social order that guarantees the respect of women's rights and women's equal responsibility for and equal access and opportunity to participate in decision-making.
Among the FAS principles are women's empowerment and ownership to sustainable peace as a paramount; women's natural tendency to solidarity making them natural peace advocates; and 
women's equal participation in decision-making processes as an ultimate necessity, based in gender parity and competence as well.

</doc>
<doc id="30992262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992262" title="Partial cloning">
Partial cloning

In the field of cell biology, the method of partial cloning (PCL) converts a fully differentiated "old" somatic cell into a partially reprogrammed "young" cell that retains all the specialised functions of the differentiated "old" cell but is simply younger. The method of PCL reverses characteristics associated with old cells. For example old, senescent, cells "rejuvenated" by PCL are free of highly-condensed senescence-associated heterochromatin foci (SAHF) and re-acquire the proliferation potential of young cells. The method of PCL thus rejuvenates old cells without de-differentiation and passage through an embryonic, pluripotent, stage.
Method.
PCL consists in introducing a somatic adult or senescent cell nucleus or entire cell with enlarged membrane pores in an (activated) oocyte and to withdraw this treated cell before its de-differentiation and first cell division occurs. Thus, the progressive rejuvenation capability of the oocyte is used only temporarily in order to obtain a partial natural rejuvenation. PCL permits to envisage a chosen degree of partial rejuvenation in changing the duration of the introduction of the treated cell in the oocyte. Using PCL cell de-differentiation and its age reprogramming might be, at least partially, separable. Thus the existence of an isolated ageing clock would be confirmed at least during a certain part of the cellular evolution and involution.
Application.
First experimental result shows a possible high efficiency in partial rejuvenation of senescent mouse cells. Notably PCL rejuvenates exclusively one single tissue or organ, in contrast to classical cloning PCL is therefore unable to reconstitute an entire organism. Furthermore, PCL is feasible in a few hours in opposition to classical cloning or induced pluripotent stem cells (iPS) which all need weeks or months.
Classical cloning can rejuvenate old cells but the process demands that the old cells must artificially pass through an embryonic cell stage. Partial cloning affords the advantage that the old cells to be rejuvenated do not have to pass through the embryonic cell stage and are simply made younger. 
The extension of human lifespan, in terms of useful, quality, years added to life, has been a goal for many since time immemorial. And while a goal whose attainment was thought improbable, or at least achievable only in the far distant future, the discovery that animals can be cloned has brought the goal of rejuvenation much closer. The remarkable discovery that animals can be cloned showed that the nucleus of an old cell can be used as a donor in so-called “nuclear transfer” experiments where an old nucleus is transferred into a recipient egg whose own nuclear material has been removed. The “reconstructed” egg is then prompted to engage development and develops through an embryonic stage that results, once the embryo is implanted into a surrogate mother, into a new born. Thus an old cell can give rise to a newborn, which has a typical lifespan: the age of the donor cell is “wiped clean” and returned to a youthful state. Notably, in classical animal cloning the rejuvenation process involves a return to an embryonic form. Thus the specialized functions of the adult cell are also “wiped clean” and returned to an embryonic cell type. And in classical cloning passage through this embryonic state is a must for the age of the cell to be “wiped clean”.
The key notion that exemplifies “partial” cloning from “classical” cloning is the separation of the mechanism(s) that “wipe clean” the specialization of a cell from those that “wipe-clean” the age of the cell. In short, partial cloning aims to retain the specialized functions of a cell and simply make it younger, e.g., a skin cell is rejuvenated without having to pass through the embryonic stage that is a must for rejuvenation via the classical cloning technique (see diagram).
In a new laboratory at the Forschungszentrum Borstel our work on partial cloning focuses, inter alia, on the restricted, temporary, incubation of an “old” cell within the egg. In this way only the age of the cell is “wiped clean” and its specialized, differentiated, state is retained. It is simply made younger – rejuvenated - without going through the embryonic state. The measure of Diagram showing the difference between “Classical” and “Partial” cloning: Classical cloning (the route given by the black arrows) can rejuvenate an old cell but requires passage through an embryonic stage. “Partial cloning” (given by the red arrow) rejuvenates old cells without passage through an embryonic stage.“Partial cloning” (given by the red arrow)rejuvenates old cells without passage through an embryonic stage.
In a new laboratory at the Forschungszentrum Borstel our work on partial cloning focuses, inter alia, on the restricted, temporary, incubation of an “old” cell within the egg. In this way only the age of the cell is “wiped clean” and its specialized, differentiated, state is retained. It is simply made younger – rejuvenated - without going through the embryonic state. The measure of rejuvenation in our system is, first, the re-acquisition of the ability of an old cell to divide, something that is lost in old cells and, second, the loss of characteristics that are associated with old cells.
Should such rejuvenation be achievable the consequences for medicine would be profound. It would avoid the need to artificially pass through an embryonic stage – either by nuclear transfer or by the so-called iPS cells method - to rejuvenate cells. One would simply be able to take aged cells from a patient and then return to the patient their own, histocompatible, rejuvenated heart cells, liver cells etc. In sharp contrast to the cycle of artificial de-differentiation of somatic cells to stem cells and then the artificial re-differentiation of stem cells to the desired differentiated cell type, which is highly inefficient, time-consuming and results in unstable cell types. The process of partial cloning would be efficient and rapid and thus cheap both in terms of materials and manpower. In short, partial cloning has enormous potential to relieve human suffering and disease: it is the most rapid and cheap route to successful regenerative medicine. Partial cloning also avoids the ethical problems associated with “classical” cloning in that it does not result in live born – it mere uses the oocyte briefly as a means to condition and thereby rejuvenate the old cell exclusively.

</doc>
<doc id="30992263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992263" title="Flatbed trolley">
Flatbed trolley

Flatbed Trolleys are a common form of transport in warehousing and distribution environments, for moving bulk loads. A very simple design offers a basic flat platform with four casters and a fixed handle which is used to either push or pull the platform with the load on the platform. Flatbed casters can vary dramatically, made of solid rubber, air filled pneumatic or cast iron. The caster is generally the component on the flatbed trolley that limits the safe working capacity.
The frame is usually fabricated steel. The primary flatbed surface can be constructed from wooden boards, plastic, steel or mesh. Without a flat surface it becomes an "open frame" trolley and without a handle it is a bogie or dolly.
Specialised trolleys include the piano dolly, which consistently features small multi-swivel castors and a stronger than usual frame. Modern factory systems commonly track individual trolleys digitally to facilitate automated bills of lading. Automated systems may have remotely operated or autonomous trolleys for transport during storage and access.
The trolley shown at right is termed "a Turntable Trolley" due to its steering mechanism.

</doc>
<doc id="30992265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992265" title="List of tallest buildings in Greater Sudbury">
List of tallest buildings in Greater Sudbury

Sudbury is the largest city in Northern Ontario. In Sudbury, there are 12 buildings that stand taller than . The tallest building in the city is the 17-storey, Rockview Towers. The second-tallest building in the city is Tom Davies Square, standing at tall with 12 storeys.
, the city contains 12 highrises over and only 2 skyscrapers that exceed in height.
There are no high-rises currently under construction or approved for construction. But 3 proposed for construction in Sudbury, to be an extension to the Cherry Gardens complex.
Tallest buildings.
This list ranks Sudbury high-rises that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.
Other significant structures.
Inco Superstack.
The Inco Superstack, with a height of , is the tallest chimney in Canada and the Western hemisphere, and the second tallest freestanding chimney in the world after the GRES-2 Power Station in Kazakhstan. The Superstack is approximately 15 cm (6") shorter than the Empire State Building in New York City. It is also the second tallest freestanding structure of any type in Canada, ranking behind the CN Tower but ahead of First Canadian Place, and the 27th tallest freestanding structure in the world. The Superstack sits atop the largest nickel smelting operation in the world at Inco's Copper Cliff processing facility in the city of Greater Sudbury.
It was constructed in 1972 by Inco Limited (now Vale) at an estimated cost of 25 million dollars; from the date of its completion until the GRES-2 chimney was constructed in 1987, it was the world's tallest smokestack. Between the years 1972–75 it was the tallest freestanding structure in Canada.
The structure was built to disperse sulphur gases and other byproducts of the smelting process away from the city itself. As a result, these gases can be detected in the atmosphere around Greater Sudbury in a radius of the Inco plant. Prior to the construction of the Superstack, the waste gases contributed to severe local ecological damage.
Science North.
Science North is an interactive science museum.
The complex, which is Northern Ontario's most popular tourist attraction, consists of two snowflake-shaped buildings on the southwestern shore of Lake Ramsey, just south of the city's downtown core, as well as a former ice hockey arena which includes the complex's entrance and an IMAX theatre. The snowflake buildings are connected by a rock tunnel, which passes through a billion-year-old geologic fault. This fault line was not known to be under the complex during the construction of the building in the early 1980s. Where the walkway reaches the larger snowflake, the Inco Cavern auditorium is frequently used for temporary exhibits, as well as for press conferences and other gala events.

</doc>
<doc id="30992266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992266" title="Tormod Petter Svennevig">
Tormod Petter Svennevig

Tormod Petter Svennevig (born 24 May 1929) was a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Centre Party.
He was born in Eide, Grimstad, and took his Master of Arts degree in political science at the New School for Social Research in New York. He started working for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1955, and was stationed at the embassy in SFR Yugoslavia from 1956 to 1958, Soviet Union from 1960 to 1963, the United Nations delegation from 1966 to 1968 and in the Soviet Union again from 1971 to 1972. In between he was stationed in Norway.
From 1972 to 1973 he was a member of Korvald's Cabinet as a State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He represented the Centre Party and was also a member of Bærum municipal council and Akershus county council. He has thus been one of the very few diplomats to held an elected office in local politics in Norway.
Svennevig was a member of the Defence Commission from 1974 to 1978. He was then the Norwegian ambassador to Iran from 1979 to 1982, and doubled as ambassador to Pakistan. Here, his tenure coincided with the Iranian hostage crisis. Then, after a period as a deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Development Cooperation. He was the Norwegian ambassador to Poland from 1986 to 1991. He was then the Norwegian ambassador to Hungary from 1991 to 1994, doubling as ambassador to Croatia.
After his retirement he moved back to Homborsund near Grimstad. Here he chaired the local branch of Norges Forsvarsforening. He has been decorated as a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="30992274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992274" title="Public School 65K">
Public School 65K

Public School 65K is a historic school building located in Cypress Hills, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was originally built in 1870 and significantly expanded in 1889 to designs by James W. Naughton. It is a two story, brick building on a stone base in the Romanesque Revival style. It features a slightly projecting central tower and terra cotta decorative details.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="30992275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992275" title="I Have Been Here Before">
I Have Been Here Before

I Have Been Here Before is a play by J. B. Priestley, first produced by Lewis Casson at the Royalty Theatre, London, on 22 September 1937.
Plot introduction.
At a rural inn on a Yorkshire moor, three people enter a strange confrontation with the hallmarks of "déjà vu", and a physicist attempts to prevent a disaster.
Plot summary.
Act I.
Sam and his daughter Sally, proprietors of the Black Bull Inn, are awaiting the arrival of guests when an elderly German professor stops to make enquiries. The inn is booked out; he asks unusual questions about the people staying at the inn, but his conjectures appear to be wrong. Shortly after he is turned away, the three women they had been expecting cancel their bookings by telephone. Sally is annoyed at the cancellation, but almost immediately they receive another telephone call from Mr and Mrs Ormund, a wealthy couple who book two rooms.
Their other guest, the schoolmaster Oliver Farrant, returns from a walk, and is closely followed by the professor, who has seen him enter. The professor introduces himself as Dr Görtler, a German refugee, and asks eagerly for a room.
When the Ormunds arrive, Mr Farrant is startled to realise that they are his new employers; the Ormunds are starting a school, and have already appointed him as headmaster. They chat briefly, but Mr Ormund does not take to him, and expresses reservations to his wife. Dr Görtler joins the Ormunds and unnerves them by asking strangely accurate questions about their feelings of "déjà vu". When Görtler has gone to bed, Sally explains to the other guests the inexplicably successful predictions the professor had made that afternoon about their identities.
Act II.
Mr Farrant and Mrs Ormund go out walking for the day. In their absence, Dr Görtler interrogates Mr Ormund about his life. His probing into Mr Ormund's emotional state induces the unhappy man to make a quasi-suicide attempt, fetching a revolver from his car and firing it into the ground.
Upset by Dr Görtler's questions and by his expounding of a doctrine of eternal return to the landlord and guests, Sally and Mr Ormund demand that he leaves.
When Mr Farrant and Mrs Ormund come back from their walk, they admit to each other that they have studiously avoided crossing paths all day, in an unconscious attempt to fend off the fatalistic sense that they are doomed to deceive Mr Ormund. As the clock chimes, they embrace.
Act III.
Mr Farrant examines Dr Görtler's forgotten notebook. When Mr Ormund arrives, Mr Farrant and Mrs Ormund announce that they are leaving together. The sense of "déjà vu" is so overpowering that all of their emotional reactions are muted. Dr Görtler returns for his notebook, and explains to them that he was brought here by a precognitive dream: this pair would elope, Mr Ormund would commit suicide, the school would fold, and the lives would be ruined of all concerned.
As a result of Dr Görtler's intervention, there is no suicide. Mr Farrant and Mrs Ormund leave, but Mr Ormund takes the blow calmly, realising that his life has been saved.
References to other works.
The play was inspired by conjectures in P. D. Ouspensky's book "A New Model of the Universe" (1931). Ouspensky had already expressed these ideas in fiction with "Strange Life of Ivan Osokin" (1915, translated 1947).

</doc>
<doc id="30992286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992286" title="Kahumatamomoe">
Kahumatamomoe

Kahumatamomoe is an early Maori explorer. He travelled with his nephew Ihenga from Rotorua to Kaipara Harbour and then alone around the Coromandel Peninsula and back to Rotorua. Lake Rotorua's full name is Te Rotoruanui-a-Kahumatamomoe and was named by Ihenga to honour his uncle.

</doc>
<doc id="30992294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992294" title="Abdulaziz Al-Maqaleh">
Abdulaziz Al-Maqaleh

Dr. Abdul Aziz Al-Maqaleh (Arabic:), (born 1937), a Yemeni poet and writer. He follows the school of free poetry and he is the Yemen’s first poet won the Al-Owais cultural Award
Profile.
Al-Maqaleh was born in 1937 in one of Ibb's divisions called Al Saha'ir, and studied and finished his BA in 1970. In 1977, he received his Master's degree and PhD in 1977 from Ain Shams University in Cairo, Egypt.
During 1982 - 2001, Al-Maqaleh worked as the President of Sana'a University, and then as the Head of the Center for Studies and Research Yemen, Sanaa.

</doc>
<doc id="30992297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992297" title="Mount Ida, Western Australia">
Mount Ida, Western Australia

Mount Ida is an abandoned town located in the Goldfields-Esperance region in Western Australia. It is found between Mount Magnet and Leonora
Named after a geographical feature situated about 21 km south of the town which was named by the explorer John Forrest while on expedition in the area in 1869. It is thought to be named after a lady friend of Forrest. Gold was later discovered in the area in the 1895 resulting in a gold rush and by 1896 the town boasted a population of 200. The area warden lobbied for a town to be declared later the same year and it was eventually gazetted in 1898. The Mount Ida hotel was constructed in 1908. A progress committee to represent the town was formed in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="30992302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992302" title="L. Harrison Matthews">
L. Harrison Matthews

Leonard Harrison Matthews FRS (12 June 1901 – 27 November 1986) was a British zoologist, especially known for his research and writings on marine mammals.
Life.
Matthews was born in Bristol. He studied Biological Sciences at Cambridge University. He was involved with the British Colonial Office backed Discovery Investigations from 1924 to 1929, during which he was largely based on the subantarctic island of South Georgia studying the biology of whales and Southern Elephant Seals. He then held an academic position at the University of Bristol. During the Second World War he worked on radio communications and radar. He served as Scientific Director of the Zoological Society of London from 1951 to 1966.
His younger brother was the physiologist Sir Bryan Harold Cabot Matthews CBE FRS.
Publications.
As well as numerous scientific papers and reports, Matthews also authored several books about his experiences in South Georgia. His publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="30992304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992304" title="Tentaizu (puzzle)">
Tentaizu (puzzle)

Tentaizu is a logic and algebra puzzle, in which the player locates stars in a grid by using information from neighboring cells. The solved puzzle is a star map, which names the puzzle in Japanese as "Tentaizu". 
In a Tentaizu puzzle, a square grid is shown, with numbers given as clues in some of the cells. Each number indicates the number of nearby stars (in horizontally, vertically, or diagonally adjacent cells). The total number of stars to be found is also given. The stars may only appear in cells that do not have numbers, but they may be placed in cells that are not adjacent to any clue cell. The player must deduce from this information which cells contain stars, and mark each non-clue cell of the grid as being either a star or empty. Once all cells are correctly marked, the puzzle is solved.
Tentaizu appeared in Southwest Airlines' magazine "Spirit" in 2008–2009. It is similar to Minesweeper with the exception that Tentaizu always has a unique solution that is reachable analytically, without revealing any cells.

</doc>
<doc id="30992305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992305" title="Public School 7">
Public School 7

Public School 7 is a historic school building located in Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1882 to designs by James W. Naughton. It is a three story, "I" shaped masonry building faced with pressed brick and trimmed in sandstone. It consists of a three bay center section flanked by a two window-wide wing on either side. Attached to the original building is a rectangular two story brick and stone annex built in 1907.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="30992311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992311" title="Prashant Raj">
Prashant Raj

Prashant Raj (born 10 March 1982 in Bangalore) is an Indian film director and screenwriter. He made his directorial debut with "Love Guru" in 2009 and went on to win many awards including the South Filmfare award.
Filmography.
! Year !! Title !! Notes 

</doc>
<doc id="30992313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992313" title="Marumba juvencus">
Marumba juvencus

Marumba juvencus is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra and Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests

</doc>
<doc id="30992319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992319" title="Sri Lanka women's national football team">
Sri Lanka women's national football team

The Sri Lanka women's national football team is the female representative football team for Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="30992320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992320" title="ISIRI 13141">
ISIRI 13141

ISIRI 13141 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 2009/75/EC. It defines "Roll-over protection structures of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (static testing)".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30992336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992336" title="National Adaptation Programme of Action">
National Adaptation Programme of Action

A National Adaptation Programme of Action (NAPA) is one of the types of reporting envisaged by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). They are prepared by Least Developed Countries, to describe the country's perception of its most "urgent and immediate needs to adapt to climate change". NAPAs are not supposed to include original research, but use existing information and include profiles of priority projects that are intended to address those needs that have been identified.
The UNFCCC maintains a database of NAPAs, and of country priorities that have been identified within NAPAs. As of November 2011, it contained reports from 46 LDCs.
The Least Developed Country Fund (LDCF) was established to finance the preparation of NAPAs and to implement the projects that they propose. The LDCF currently has resources of at least US$415 million, of which US$177 million has been approved for 47 projects, attracting more than US$550 million in co-financing in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="30992337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992337" title="Qatar women's national football team">
Qatar women's national football team

The Qatar women's national football team is the female representative football team for Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="30992346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992346" title="2011 Ashbourne Cup">
2011 Ashbourne Cup

The 2011 Ashbourne Cup inter-collegiate camogie championship was staged at the NUIG sports complex in Dangan, Galway over the weekend of February 19–20 with the finals in Pearse Stadium, Salthill. It was won by Waterford Institute of Technology who defeated University College Cork in the final by eight points, a repeat of the pairing and result, though not the margin of victory, of the 1999 final and 2010 final. Player of the tournament was WIT's Katrina Parrock.
The Final.
A dominant WIT team did all the hard work in the first half and raced into a 1-6 to 0-1 lead at the break. The first score of the game came from a long Katrina Parrock delivery which deceived UCC keeper, Susan Earner, to find its way to the UCC net. UCC had no answer to WITs phenomenal work rate and support play. The main difference between the two teams was WIT ability to take scores from play while all of UCC’s scores came from placed balls. UCC were dealt a major blow when they lost key player Orla Cotter through injury ten minutes after the break. Two well taken goals from the stick of Fionnuala Carr brought UCC back to life but proved too little too late, and a late goal from Michelle Quilty ensured victory for WIT.
Arrangements.
The competition is administered by the Higher Education committee of the Camogie Association of Ireland. For the second time the Ashbourne Cup, the highest division in collegiate camogie, was played alongside the Purcell Cup, the second division of collegiate competition, bringing 400 collegiate camogie players had been together at one event for the second time in camogie history. Galway City Council held a reception for the 16 Ashbourne and Purcell Captains before the event.
Participants.
Waterford IT and UCC emerged as the favourites for the competition from an early stage. The two finalists had several inter-county and All Star players in action.
Ashbourne All-Stars.
The 2011 Ashbourne All-Stars selected after the tournament were:
Susan Earner (UCC & Galway); Collette Dormer (WIT & Kilkenny), Leann Fennelly (UCD & Kilkenny), Julie Brien (UCC & Galway); Ann Dalton (WIT & Kilkenny), Michaela Morkan (NUIG & Offaly), Patricia Jackman (WIT & Waterford); Katrina Parrock (WIT & Wexford), Chloe Morey (NUIG & Clare); Michaela Convery (Jordanstown & Antrim), Katie Power (WIT & Kilkenny), Lisa Bolger (UL & Offaly); Katriona Mackey (UCC & Cork), Denise Gaule (WIT) & Kilkenny), Michelle Quilty (WIT & Kilkenny);
Purcell All-Stars.
The 2011 Purcell All-Stars selected after the competition were:
Laura Quinn (QUB & Derry); Grainne Quinn (DIT & Dublin), Kate Lynch (Mary I Limerick & Clare), Laura Twomey (DCU & Dublin); Mairead Short (QUB & Armagh), Caitriona Foley (Trinity & Cork), Emma Brennan (DCU & Cork); Jane Dolan (DIT) & Meath), Keelan Bradley (QUB & Derry); Cathy Bowes (DIT & Galway), Colette McSorley (QUB & Armagh), Aoife Burke (DIT & Laois); Sinead Cassidy (QUB & Derry), Orlaith Murphy (IT Tralee & Cork), Joeleen Hoary (DIT & Dublin);
Ashbourne Shield.
The Ashbourne Shield, played off among the four beaten Ashbourne Cup quarter-finalists, was won by NUI Galway who defeated Cork IT 4-18 to 0-3 in the final. In the semi-finals Cork IT (3-18) defeated Athlone IT (3-3) and NUI Galway (1-7) defeated UUJ 0-9.
Purcell Cup.
Queens University won the Purcell Cup defeating DCU 2-10 to 0-7 in the final. Keelin Bradley inspired the Ulster team to victory. In the semi-finals Queens University (2-7) defeated IT Tralee (3-1) and DCU (2-6) defeated Mary I Limerick (0-4). The tie of the quarter-finals was the victory of Queens University (4-12) over cup holders DIT (3-5) in the grounds of Dundalk IT. IT Tralee (1-7) defeated IT Carlow 0-7, Mary I Limerick defeated Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology and DCU (5-14) defeated Dublin University (0-1) in the other quarter-finals.
Purcell Shield.
DIT won the Purcell Shield defeating Trinity College, Dublin by 5-11 to 0-7 in the final. In the Purcell Shield semi-finals, played off among the four defeated Purcell Cup quarter-finalists, DIT (5-15) defeated IT Carlow (2-5) and Trinity (10-14) defeated GMIT (2-3).
Qualifiers.
In the Ashbourne/Purcell qualifiers NUI Galway (2-19) defeated DIT (2-6) at Dangan, Galway. Athlone IT (2-11) defeated IT Tralee (0-3) at Ahane, Co Limerick.
League.
UCC (3-10) beat UU Jordanstown (0-1) at Eire Og, Caragh, Co Kildare to win the third level league final.
Fr Meachair Cup.
Colleges who do not compete in the Ashbourne and Purcell Cups participate in a one day seven-a-side competition for a cup named after Fr Gearóid Ó Meachair (Gerry Meagher, d1982), from Cappawhite, Co Tipperary, founder and popular trainer of the NUI Maynooth camogie team. It was inaugurated in 1986. Cavan Institute, Coláiste Froebel, Crumlin College of Further Ed, Dundalk IT, Letterkenny IT, Limerick IT, Marino, NUI Maynooth, St Mary’s, St Pats, Sligo IT and University of Ulster Coleraine, all competed in the 2011 competition, which was won by NUI Maynooth.

</doc>
<doc id="30992351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992351" title="Barak Longmate">
Barak Longmate

Barak Longmate (1738 - 23 July 1793) was an English genealogist and editor, heraldic engraver and publisher.
Life and work.
Longmate was born in 1738, son of Barak and Elizabeth Longmate of St James's, Westminster in London. He engraved some topographical drawings, but was more distinguished as an heraldic engraver (a branch of bright cut engraving). He died on 23 July 1793 in Noel Street, Soho, and was buried on the 27th of that month in Marylebone churchyard. He had a son Barak by his wife Elizabeth (d. 1781). His small but valuable library, and a large collection of heraldic manuscripts were auction off at Sotheby's on 10 March 1794, realising just over £235 - considered not a great sum. The only known copy of the catalogue is preserved in the British Library.
Longmate published an edition (the fifth) of Collins 'Peerage,' (8 vols. 8vo, London, 1779), and a 'Supplement' in 1784. Of this work he left materials for a new edition. He also edited the 'Pocket Peerage of England, Scotland, and Ireland,' (12mo, London, 1788, new edition, 1790). For Sir Richard Sullivan's 'Thoughts on the Early Ages of the Irish Nation and History,' (4to, 1789), he engraved an elaborate genealogical plate, entitled ' A Genealogical History of the Family of O'Sullivan More from Duach Donn, monarch of Ireland. Anno Mundi 912.' which he regarded as his masterpiece (Martin, Cat. of Privately Printed books,' p. 105).
William Sharp (1749-1824) and John Swaine (1775–1860) were both pupils of Longmate.
Barak Longmate the younger.
His son, Barak Longmate (1768-1836), born in 1768, succeeded his father in his profession and as editor of the 'Pocket Peerage,' of which he issued an edition in two duodecimo volumes in 1813; but the increased success of Debrett's 'Peerage' badly affected sales. He was a good draughtsman, and well skilled in heraldry, and was of much assistance to John Nichols and other antiquarians in their topographical labours.
About 1801 he made notes respecting the churches in many Gloucestershire parishes, with the view of publishing a continuation of Ralph Bigland's 'History' of that county. Owing however, to the fire at Nichols's printing-office in 1808, the work was abandoned, and the manuscript was deposited, instead, among the collections of Sir Thomas Phillipps at Middle Hill, Broadway, Worcestershire. Longmate died on 25 February 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="30992355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992355" title="Ivar Lunde">
Ivar Lunde

Ivar Lunde (18 June 1908 – 18 July 1992) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Pavlovsk, and took the examen artium in 1927 and the cand.jur. degree in 1932. He started working for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1933, and was stationed in Paris, Moscow, Teheran, Ankara and Lisbon. From 1946 to 1949 he was an assistant secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, before spending three years as a counsellor at the Norwegian United Nations embassy, legation counsellor and chargé d'affaires in Athens and Tel Aviv. He was stationed in Athens; a separate station in Tel Aviv was not opened until 1958.
He was then the Norwegian envoy to Thailand from 1952, then ambassador to Turkey from 1956. As such he also acted as the ambassador to Iraq, Iran and West Pakistan. He was the ambassador to Finland from 1962, to the Soviet Union (and Mongolia) from 1966 and to Austria from 1970 to 1977. Here he was also the Norwegian permanent delegate to IAEA, UNIDO and MBFR.
After 1977 he was a special adviser for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. At the same time he worked as a lawyer for refugees in Norway, and took up translation. He was an authorized translator from the Polish language since 1978, and translated Czesław Miłosz among others. He died in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="30992361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992361" title="Iraq women's national football team">
Iraq women's national football team

The Iraq women's national football team is the female representative football team for Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="30992367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992367" title="Local Adaptation Plans of Action">
Local Adaptation Plans of Action

Local Adaptation Plans of Action (LAPAs) are community-based approaches that take a ‘vulnerability first’ approach to climate change adaptation. LAPAs contrast with National Adaptation Programme of Action(NAPAs) in their bottom-up, local approach, but in some cases are funded under the similar development assistance schemes.

</doc>
<doc id="30992372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992372" title="Syrian constitutional referendum, 1961">
Syrian constitutional referendum, 1961

A constitutional referendum was held in Syria on 1 December 1961. Voters had the choice of submitting a green ballot marked "I am in favour of the temporary constitution" or a red one marked "I am against the temporary constitution". However, the ballot was not secret, and votes were made in the presence of an official. The temporary constitution was approved by 97.1% of voters.

</doc>
<doc id="30992373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992373" title="Public School 71K">
Public School 71K

Public School 71K is a historic school building located in Williamsburgh, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1888-1889 to designs by James W. Naughton. It is a symmetrical three story, brick building with stone trim in the Second Empire style. It features a tall central tower with a high mansard roof and original iron cresting.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="30992374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992374" title="United Arab Emirates women's national football team">
United Arab Emirates women's national football team

The United Arab Emirates women's national football team is the female representative football team for the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="30992385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992385" title="Syrian constitutional referendum, 1973">
Syrian constitutional referendum, 1973

A constitutional referendum was held in Syria on 12 March 1973. The changes were approved by 97.8% of voters, with turnout reported to be 88.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="30992386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992386" title="NAMA (gene)">
NAMA (gene)

NAMA (noncoding RNA associated with MAP kinase pathway and growth arrest) is a long non-coding RNA gene. It is induced by cell growth arrest, apoptosis and inhibition of the MAP kinase pathway.

</doc>
<doc id="30992387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992387" title="Novo Selo na Dravi">
Novo Selo na Dravi

Novo Selo na Dravi () is a village in Međimurje County, Croatia.
The village is located in the south-western part of Međimurje County, near Lake Varaždin, and is administratively part of the wider area of the county seat, Čakovec. It is located around 8 kilometres from the centre of the city. Novo Selo na Dravi is connected with the village of Totovec, while other nearby villages include Šandorovec and Kuršanec. The centre of Varaždin, the county seat of Varaždin County, is located around 10 kilometres from Novo Selo na Dravi. The population of the village in the 2001 census was 622.
The village was known as "Novo Selo" until the 1948 census. In the 1857 census, it had a population of 217. By the 1900s, it was predominantly populated by Croats. In the 1910 census, it was considered part of the wider area of Varaždin. Between 1941 and 1945, it was part of Hungary, which annexed the entire Međimurje region at the time. The current name was first mentioned as the official name of the village in the 1953 census, presumably to differentiate it from Novo Selo Rok. Since the 1950s, the population of the village was constantly around 600.

</doc>
<doc id="30992403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992403" title="Big Brother 2011 (Sweden)">
Big Brother 2011 (Sweden)

Big Brother 2011 was the fifth season of the Swedish version of the reality show "Big Brother". It was premièred on February 20, 2011, when 17 housemates were locked inside a house located in Årsta partihallar outside Stockholm. TV11 broadcasts program six nights a week. Highlights shows are broadcast from Monday to Friday 22:00-23:00. Weekly Finals are broadcast in Sunday 21:00-22:25. For a fee, the viewer could also follow the participants live on the Internet. Overall, participants were locked up for 106 days (15 weeks). On January 26, 2011, it was announced that Gry Forssell would be the host of the show.
The winner of fifth Swedish Big Brother series receives a grand prize 500,000 SEK.
Format.
Housemates are incarcerated in the Big Brother House with no contact to and from the outside world. Each week participants competed in various challenges, which they had to perform to make Big Brother satisfied. Housemates were instructed to nominate two fellow housemates for eviction each week. This compulsory vote was conducted in the privacy of "Bikten" (the Confession) and housemates were not allowed to discuss the nomination process or influence the nominations of others. The two that received the most nominations, viewers decided who they wanted to save, the housemate with the least votes was evicted. If one or more participants violated the Big Brother rules the week they were also up for the weekly eviction.
Housemates.
During the season, either the viewers or the housemates will have the chance to vote in wild cards to the Big Brother house.
The Glass House.
Between February 19 to 27 four so-called "Wild cards" competed in to be a housemate in the new Big Brother house. They were all staying in "the Glass House", located in Skärholmens centrum. Of the four who were in the house, viewers vote for two, a boy and a girl, who will be moving into the real Big Brother house, where they would become leaders in the house. The Glass House could only be followed by the program's website, but was free to look at. The "wild cards" was (those marked in bold went in the real house):
Hunk Eden.
Henrik Ström, Martin Isberg and Patrik Edvardsson were introduced one week after the show started. In the first weekly liveshow, it was announced that the viewers got the chance to again vote in one participant in the Big Brother house. The three guys, called "the hunks", went to Thailand taking on various challenges in hopes of winning the viewers vote. Every day, they received a new assignment. For a few days before Day 15, you were also able to follow them all the time inside a part of the Big Brother house. These days, they were trained by Drill Sergeant Jimmy Guliano. On Day 15, Patrik Edvardsson was voted in by the public with 41.64% of 21,434 votes to become a new housemate.
The Oasis.
On week 5, three girls, Marisol Egana, Madelene Stigsjöö and Minela Grebenarevic moved into the Mission Room, now called The Oasis. The guys in the house will decide which one of the three to move into the house. According to the Big Brother presenter, Gry Forsell, the winner of this mission may be taking the very last place in the house. On Day 33 the guys picked Madelene to be the new housemate.
Nominations table.
First nomination with 2 points and the second nomination with 1 point.

</doc>
<doc id="30992409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992409" title="Per Martin Ølberg">
Per Martin Ølberg

Per Martin Ølberg (1933–2004) was a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Lier, and took the cand.mag. degree in his education. He started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1958, and was an embassy councellor in the United States from 1973 to 1976. He then served as State Secretary in the Ministry of Trade from 1976 to 1981, in Nordli's Cabinet and Brundtland's First Cabinet. He was then the Norwegian ambassador to Canada from 1982 to 1987, to West Germany/Germany from 1988 to 1993 and to the OECD from 1993 to 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="30992417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992417" title="Marumba spectabilis">
Marumba spectabilis

Marumba spectabilis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nepal, north-eastern India, southern China, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam, Malaysia (Peninsular, Sarawak) and Indonesia (Sumatra, Java, Kalimantan, Sulawesi).
The wingspan is 94–118 mm. It is more rufous brown than other "Marumba" species. There is a strong tornal loop on the forewing upperside, as well as weak and irregular bands. There is a large orange-tawny area on posterior part of the forewing underside with. A similar orange-tawny patch is found on the termen close to tornus on the hindwing underside.
There are three generations per year in northern Guangdong.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Meliosma rigida". They are bright yellowish green above the spiracles, with yellow tubercles. Below the spiracles, the body is watery green with white tubercles, separated from the dorsal part by a bright yellow subspiracular stripe that is edged ventrally by brown, most intense on the thorax, weak or absent over the abdominal segments. The oblique bands are formed by yellow or red tubercles. The horn is bright green.

</doc>
<doc id="30992427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992427" title="Geoffrey Acland">
Geoffrey Acland

Arthur Geoffrey Dyke Acland (17 May 1908 – 14 September 1964), known as Geoffrey Acland, was a British Liberal Party politician.
Born near Hanover Square in London to Liberal Party MP Francis Dyke Acland, Geoffrey was the younger brother of Richard Acland, who later became a Common Wealth Party and Labour Party MP. He studied at Rugby School, Trinity College, Cambridge, and the University of Grenoble. During World War II, he served with the Border Regiment, rising to become a Captain.
After the war, Acland became joint managing director of some paper mills, and he stood unsuccessfully for the Liberal Party in Westmorland at each election from 1945 to 1959. From 1954 to 1956, he was the Chairman of the Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="30992439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992439" title="Conference of the Parties">
Conference of the Parties

Conference of the Parties may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30992447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992447" title="Entomological Magazine">
Entomological Magazine

The Entomological Magazine is a publication devoted to entomology.
The Entomological Magazine was published between September 1832 and October 1838 by the Society of Entomologists of London. The editor was Edward Newman aided by Francis Walker.The work includes reviews of entomological literature, articles and systematic papers in which new species are described.Contributors include John Curtis, Edward Doubleday ("Communications on the Natural History of North America."), Alexander Henry Haliday (notably An essay on the classification of the parasitic Hymenoptera...of Britain which correspond with the Ichneumones minuti of Linnaeus), George Robert Waterhouse, John Obadiah Westwood, William John Swainson, Francis Walker ( notably Monographia Chalciditum ), George Rudd, William Edward Shuckard, James Charles Dale, James Francis Stephens and Frederick William Hope
The Entomological Magazine was discontinued following controversy. Newman writes a "Valedictory Address" in Volume 5.
The Entomologist.
The Entomological Magazine was succeeded by "The Entomologist" published in London by Edward Newman between 1840 and in four volumes - Volume 1 November 1840-October 1842;Volume 2 May 1864-December 1865; volume 3 January 1866-November 1867; Volume 4 January 1868-December 1869. This in turn was succeeded by ""Newman's" Entomologist" published by Simpkin, Marshall & Co. at London [1869-1876 and from that date until ? as, once more "The Entomologist".

</doc>
<doc id="30992451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992451" title="List of tallest buildings in Thunder Bay">
List of tallest buildings in Thunder Bay

Thunder Bay is the largest city in Northwestern Ontario. In Thunder Bay, there are 11 buildings that stand taller than . The tallest building in the city is the 16-storey, Waverley Park Tower. The second-tallest building in the city is Maplecrest Towers, standing at tall with 14 storeys.
, the city contains 9 highrises over and only 1 skyscraper that exceeds in height.
There is 1 high-rise currently under construction, the Thunder Bay District courthouse.
Tallest buildings.
This list ranks Thunder Bay high-rises that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.
Other significant structures.
Lakehead Iron Works
Lakehead Iron Works is a large facility in Thunder Bay. The top 6 floors of the structure are currently uninhabited, however the lower 3 are used as office space.
The building is Thunder Bay's third tallest building at 40 meters and 9 storeys.

</doc>
<doc id="30992459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992459" title="List of football clubs in Namibia">
List of football clubs in Namibia

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Namibia.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Namibia"

</doc>
<doc id="30992463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992463" title="Doug Hilton">
Doug Hilton

Douglas “Doug” James Hilton PhD FAA (born 13 June 1964 in England) is an Australian molecular biologist. He is the Director of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne, Australia and Head of the Department of Medical Biology at the University of Melbourne. His research has focused on cytokines, signal transduction pathways and the regulation of blood cell formation (hematopoiesis).
Early life.
Hilton migrated to Australia with his family in 1970 and grew up in the Melbourne suburb of Warrandyte. He was educated at Warrandyte Primary School and East Doncaster High School, where he recalls being inspired by “a wonderful biology teacher”.
Scientific career.
Education.
Hilton received a Bachelor of Science from Monash University. He spent summer holidays as an undergraduate researcher in the laboratory of Ian Young at the John Curtin School of Medical Research. His Honours and PhD research projects were conducted with Professors Don Metcalf and Nicos Nicola at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, and resulted in the cloning of the cytokine Leukemia Inhibitory Factor (LIF).
Cytokine Signalling and Blood Cell Formation.
Hilton spent two years as a postdoctoral fellow studying the erythropoietin (EPO) receptor with Professor Harvey Lodish at the Whitehead Institute, MIT, USA. 
In 1993 Hilton returned to the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute where he continued his research into cytokine signalling, with discoveries including the interleukin-11 receptor, the interleukin-13 receptor, and the Suppressors of Cytokine Signalling (SOCS) proteins. In recent years, together with Professor Warren Alexander and Dr Benjamin Kile, Hilton has established a new program using large-scale mouse genetics and genomics to identify regulators of blood cell formation, with a view to determining targets for the development of new medicines. He has been the head of the Institute’s Division of Molecular Medicine since it began in 2006, and is a professor in the University of Melbourne Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and Health Science.
Other positions.
From 1997 to 2001, Hilton served as Director of the Cooperative Research Centre (CRC) for Cellular Growth Factors, during which he initiated the Australian Undergraduate Research Opportunity Program (UROP). He is also a co-founder and Chief Scientific Officer of the biotechnology company MuriGen Therapeutics. He currently serves on the Board of the Victorian Comprehensive Cancer Centre, the Australian Cancer Research Foundation Medical Research Advisory Committee, the Victorian Cancer Agency Plan Implementation Committee, the Victorian Life Sciences Computational Initiative Steering Committee, the Board of the Bio21 Cluster, and the Board of the National Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, Thailand.
Directorship of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute.
On 1 July 2009, Hilton became the sixth Director of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, a position that has previously been held by Professor Suzanne Cory, Sir Gustav Nossal, Sir Frank Macfarlane Burnet, Dr Charles Kellaway and Dr Sydney Patterson.
Hilton believes that the Institute’s success requires:
Personal life.
Hilton is married and has two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="30992471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992471" title="Marumba sperchius">
Marumba sperchius

Marumba sperchius is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from north-western India across north-eastern India, south-western, central and eastern China to the southern Russian Far East, North Korea, South Korea and Japan. It is also present on Sumatra and Borneo.
The wingspan is 88–138 mm. It is similar to "Marumba juvencus", but the lines of the forewing and the ground colour of the hindwing are more reddish and the lines on either side of the weak discal spot are hardly converge.
There are two generations per year with adults on wing in April and again in August in northern China. In Korea, adults are on wing from late May to late August.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Castanea" (including "Castanea crenata"), "Castanopsis", "Quercus" (including "Quercus glauca", "Quercus mongolica", "Quercus acutissima", "Quercus myrsinaefolia", "Quercus acuta", "Quercus salicina", "Quercus serrata" and "Castanea crenata"), "Juglans" (including "Juglans regia" and "Juglans mandschurica"), "Lithocarpus" (including "Lithocarpus edulis") and "Eriobotrya" species. Early instars are pale yellow, while later instars turn bluish green with the tubercles brown or reddish, tipped with white. Oblique stripes are formed of mauve or yellow tubercles on a white ground. The horn is green with paler tubercles.

</doc>
<doc id="30992499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992499" title="South Bald Mountain">
South Bald Mountain

South Bald Mountain, elevation , is the highest point in the Laramie Mountains. The summit in Roosevelt National Forest southwest of Red Feather Lakes is the highest of five peaks forming Bald Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="30992510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992510" title="Sverre Gjellum">
Sverre Gjellum

Sverre Julius Gjellum (29 September 1919 – 23 April 1999) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Kristiania, enrolled in law studies in 1939 and graduated from the University of Oslo with the cand.jur. degree in 1943. This was during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, and he fled to Sweden, joined the Norwegian police troops-in-exile before travelling via the UK to Canada, where he underwent pilot training in Little Norway. In 1945 he returned to Norway and worked with the legal purge in the Oslo police. He started working for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1946.
His first posts abroad were as an embassy secretary in Mexico and vice-consul in San Francisco, California. He returned to Norway in 1953. He was a deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1965 to 1969, Norwegian ambassador in Kenya from 1969 to 1972, permanent under-secretary of state (the highest-ranking bureaucratic position) in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1972 to 1977, Norwegian ambassador to the European Community in Brussels from 1977 to 1982 and to West Germany from 1982 to 1987. He was decorated as a Commander with Star of the Order of St. Olav in 1974.
In his last years he worked for the Salvation Army. He died in April 1999 and was buried at Vestre gravlund.

</doc>
<doc id="30992511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992511" title="Romeo (EP)">
Romeo (EP)

"Romeo" is the second EP of South Korean boy group Shinee, released on May 21, 2009 in South Korea. The track "Juliette" were used as the promotional single, an instrumental remake of Corbin Bleu's "Deal with It". It was later announced that their comeback was going to be delayed due to Onew damaging his teeth and the release of the mini-album was pushed back to May 25, 2009.
The EP was released in Japan on July 29, 2009, with an alternative cover and a bonus DVD featuring the music video for "Juliette". The release peaked at #39 on the weekly Oricon chart, charting for three weeks.
Tracklist.
Credits adapted from the official homepage.

</doc>
<doc id="30992520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992520" title="Marumba saishiuana">
Marumba saishiuana

Marumba saishiuana is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from south-eastern China, southern South Korea, Japan (Tsushima Island), northern Thailand, northern Vietnam and Taiwan.
The wingspan is 75–85 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July in Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="30992521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992521" title="Qadhadhfa">
Qadhadhfa

The Qadhadhfa (also "al-Qaddafa", "Gaddadfa", "Qaddadfa", "Gaddafa"; ) is one of branches of the tribe Houara, Live of the Sirte District in present-day northwestern Libya.
They are now mostly centered at Sabha.
They are notable for their role in the 1969 "coup d'état" deposing King Idris of Libya and as the tribe of Muammar Gaddafi. During Muammar Gaddafi's rule of Libya, he appointed numerous members of his tribe in leading positions.
During the Libyan civil war the Qadhadhfa held a key role in supporting the Libyan government. Al Jazeera reported that Qadhadhfa officers executed 20 officers of the Firjan tribe in the early weeks of the conflict. After Gaddafi's death in October 2011, leading members of the Qadhadhfa demanded the return of his body by Misratan fighters for burial by relatives in Sirte.

</doc>
<doc id="30992526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992526" title="1996 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship">
1996 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship

The 1996 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship (known at that time as 1996 European Championship for Men 'Under22 and Under') was the third edition of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. The cities of Bursa and Istanbul, in Turkey, hosted the tournament. Lithuania won their first title.
Preliminary round.
The twelve teams were allocated in two groups of six teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="30992540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992540" title="St Augustine's Church, Norwich">
St Augustine's Church, Norwich

St Augustine's Church, Norwich, is a redundant Anglican church building in the city of Norwich, Norfolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the west of St Augustine's Street, the A1024 road, to the north of the Norwich inner ring road.
History.
St Augustine's is the only pre-Reformation church in Norfolk with this dedication. The earliest documentary evidence of a church dedicated to St Augustine in Norwich dates from 1163 in a letter from the bishop of Norwich, William de Turbe, to the prior of Llanthony Secunda Priory in Gloucester. Nothing of this Norman church survives. The church was substantially rebuilt in the early 15th century. The tower was added in 1682–87 after the flint tower collapsed. The date 1687 was added, presumably on completion, to the east-facing parapet. In the 1880s R. M. Phipson restored part of the fabric of the church and reordered the interior. During the 20th century the condition of the building deteriorated. By the 1990s the tower had become dangerous and the church's three 17th-century bells (which pre-date the new tower) were removed and donated to All Saints church, Carleton Rode. The church was declared redundant on 18 March 1975, and was vested in the Churches Conservation Trust on 19 April 2000. As of 2012, the congregation meets in the church hall.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The body of the church is constructed in flint with stone and brick dressings. The tower is in brick on a flint plinth, and is the only one of its kind in the city. The church is square in plan, with the nave and chancel being similar in length, and the aisles running along their full length. There is also a clerestory extending along the length of the nave, a south porch, and a rood turret against the wall of the north aisle. The tower is at the west end, and is in three stages. In the lowest stage is a west window with a pointed arch. The middle stage contains small square windows on each side, and in the top stage the bell openings have two lights. The parapet is rendered and battlemented. The nave is in four bays and contains two-light windows with Decorated tracery. The clerestory has four two-light windows on each side containing Y-tracery. The chancel is in two bays, with three-light Perpendicular windows in the aisles, and a five-light east window.
Interior.
The arcades are carried on octagonal piers. The font dates from the 15th century. The pews and the reredos are from the 1880s, and the screen, which incorporates the pulpit and a reading desk, was added in 1920 as a memorial to those who died in the First World War. The memorials include a marble wall monument to the Palladian architect Matthew Brettingham, who designed Holkham Hall, and other family members, and one to a textile manufacturer, Thomas Clabburn, erected by "upwards of six hundred of the weavers of Norwich and assistants". There is little stained glass; that in the east window dates from 1870, and the glass in the north chancel aisle, depicting SS Felix of Dunwich and Augustine of Canterbury, dates from 1901. A window by Morris & Co. in the south nave aisle, depicting the Mary Magdalene, Mary the Mother of James and the angel at the empty tomb, dates from 1920 and is a memorial to a soldier of the parish who was killed in action in 1917. The two-manual organ was transferred from St Peter's Church, Hungate, (which is now a museum). It was built in 1875–78 by John Rayson, and restored in 1959–60 by Hill, Norman & Beard.

</doc>
<doc id="30992543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992543" title="Jean Crespin">
Jean Crespin

Jean Crespin (c.1520 – 12 April 1572) was a French Protestant lawyer who became a significant printer and martyrologist in Geneva.
Life.
He was born at Arras and studied law at Leuven. In 1540 he was in Paris, where he worked with his friend François Baudouin under the leading jurist and advocate Charles Du Moulin, and became himself advocate at the Parlement of Paris. He became interested in the doctrines of the Reformed Church; and when he returned to Arras, his relations with the Protestants caused him to be treated as a heretic. 
In 1545 he went to Strasbourg, where he married. In 1548 he moved near his friend John Calvin; with his family he settled in Geneva, where he established a printing-press. In 1555 he received citizenship there. He died at Geneva in 1572.
Works.
In common with other printers and publishers of his time he also wrote and compiled books, most famously his martyrology, now popularly known as the "Livre des Martyrs". This went through several editions between 1554 and 1570, under a variety of titles.
In addition, he is credited with:

</doc>
<doc id="30992551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992551" title="Syrian presidential election, 1953">
Syrian presidential election, 1953

Presidential elections were held in Syria on 10 July 1953. There was only one candidate, Adib Shishakli, with voters asked to approve or reject his candicacy. A reported 99.7% of voters voted in favour, with a turnout of 86.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="30992570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992570" title="Syrian presidential election, 1971">
Syrian presidential election, 1971

Presidential elections were held in Syria on 22 March 1971. There was only one candidate, Hafez al-Assad, with voters asked to approve or reject his candicacy. A reported 99.2% of voters voted in favour, with a turnout of 95.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="30992578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992578" title="C (anime)">
C (anime)

- The Money of Soul and Possibility Control (also known as [C – Control or C for Control internationally, or simply or C""') is a 2011 Japanese anime television series produced by Tatsunoko Production under the direction of Kenji Nakamura with Noboru Takagi as script supervisor. "C" aired on Fuji TV's Noitamina programing block between April 14, 2011 and June 23, 2011. Funimation Entertainment simulcasted the anime every Thursday, beginning with April 21, 2011. Funimation has acquired additional home video rights to the series and has been released in 2012. The anime aired in North America on the Funimation Channel on January 14, 2013. and is currently airing on Pivot. The series has been acquired for distribution on DVD in the UK by [http://www.mvm-films.com/AnimeTitle?ID=110 MVM Entertainment on 14th October 2013. 
Plot.
The Japanese government was rescued from the brink of financial collapse by the Sovereign Wealth Fund. For its citizens, however, life has not improved and unemployment, crime, suicide, and despair are rampant. Kimimaro, raised by his maternal aunt after the disappearance of his father and the death of his mother, is a scholarship student whose only dream is to live a stable, ordinary life. One day he meets a man who offers him a large sum of money if he will allow his "future" to be held as collateral. From then on his fate is radically altered as he's drawn into a mysterious realm known as the Financial District, where he must compete in weekly tournaments called "deals" in order to keep his money and avoid losing his future.
Theme music.
The opening theme is by Nico Touches the Walls and the ending theme is "RPG" by School Food Punishment.

</doc>
<doc id="30992614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992614" title="The Newcastle University Contemporary Music Ensemble (NUCME)">
The Newcastle University Contemporary Music Ensemble (NUCME)

The Newcastle University Contemporary Music Ensemble - NUCME is a chamber orchestra consisting of students from Newcastle University. The ensemble aims to promote and perform new and contemporary music of the last 50 years which showcase dramatic developments within musical style or technique. The ensemble was founded in 2010 by Neil Sanndrew Smith premièring on 10 December 2010 with an evening celebrating 20th Century Minimalism.

</doc>
<doc id="30992615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992615" title="Bontq">
Bontq

Bontq is a web-based bug tracking and project management system, founded on August 11, 2009 by Bontq LLC. Its main difference from the competitors is a cross-platform "Desktop Client", that can capture screenshots and record videos for issue visualization and team collaboration.
Reviews.
The product has been reviewed by "Tech Republic", "Bright Hub", "MakeUseOf", "KillerStartups", "AppAppeal" and mentioned on "Smashing Magazine", "Web Designer Depot".

</doc>
<doc id="30992618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992618" title="Syrian presidential election, 1978">
Syrian presidential election, 1978

Presidential elections were held in Syria on 8 February 1978. There was only one candidate, Hafez al-Assad, with voters asked to approve or reject his candicacy. A reported 99.9% of voters voted in favour, with a turnout of 97%.

</doc>
<doc id="30992628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992628" title="Syrian presidential election, 1985">
Syrian presidential election, 1985

Presidential elections were held in Syria on 10 February 1985. There was only one candidate, Hafez al-Assad, with voters asked to approve or reject his candicacy. A reported 100% of voters voted in favour, with a turnout of 99.4%.

</doc>
<doc id="30992632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992632" title="Syrian presidential election, 1991">
Syrian presidential election, 1991

Presidential elections were held in Syria on 2 December 1991. There was only one candidate, Hafez al-Assad, with voters asked to approve or reject his candicacy. A reported 99.99% of voters voted in favour, with a turnout of 99.1%.

</doc>
<doc id="30992652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992652" title="Lida Gustava Heymann">
Lida Gustava Heymann

Lida Gustava Heymann (born 15 March 1868 in Hamburg, died 31 July 1943 in Zürich) was a German feminist, pacifist and women's rights activist.
Together with her partner and girlfriend Anita Augspurg she was one of the most prominent figures in the bourgeois women's movement. She was, among other things, in the forefront of the "Verband Fortschrittlicher Frauenvereine" ( "Association of Women's Groups").
She co-founder of the abolitionist movement in Germany. (Translator's note: "Abolitionist" in this context means the abolition of prostitution. The German state allowed, and regulated, prostitution at the time.) In this role she came into conflict with the law as she protested about the treatment of prostitutes and called for the abolition of state regulation for them. Heymann wanted to "help women free themselves from male domination." With her vast inheritance she established a women's centre, offering meals, a crèche and counselling. She also founded a co-educational high school and professional associations for female clerks and theatre workers.
In 1902 she jointly founded (with Anita Augspurg) the first German "Verein für Frauenstimmrecht" ( "Society for Women's Suffrage"). Together with Augspurg, she published the newspaper "Frau im Staat" ( "Women in the State") from 1919 to 1933. This newspaper presented the pacifist, feminist and democratic positions on various subjects.
In 1923, Heymann and Augspurg called for Adolf Hitler to be expelled from Germany. When Hitler seized power in 1933, both were out of the country. They did not return. Their property was confiscated and they emigrated to Switzerland. Heymann died in 1943 and was buried in Fluntern cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="30992654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992654" title="Jean-Baptiste Soufron">
Jean-Baptiste Soufron

Jean-Baptiste Soufron, born 6 April 1978 at Bordeaux, France, is the General Secretary of the French National Digital Council.
Career.
Soufron is a lawyer and a journalist, who graduated from La Sorbonne. He translated "The Future of Ideas", a book by Lawrence Lessig into French. He has been a consultant for free software and open source companies in 2006. 
He was involved in Wikipedia at the beginning of the project, helping with legal matters before becoming Lead Legal Coordinator and then Chief Legal Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation (2006-2008).
In 2010, Soufron was director of the think tank of Cap Digital. Furthermore, he has been writing on open innovation in Esprit. and the review website "Non Fiction". As a journalist, he co-hosted the live shows Minuit/Dix and Le Rendez-Vous on France Culture. 
In 2012, he worked along with Fleur Pellerin, an advisor of candidate François Hollande, on the digital economy. After the election of Hollande as President of France and the nomination of Fleur Pellerin as Deputy Minister of Small & Medium-Sized Businesses and Digital Economy, he became senior advisor on digital economy to Fleur Pellerin and then General Secretary of Conseil national du numérique.

</doc>
<doc id="30992655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992655" title="UKPA">
UKPA

UKPA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30992669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992669" title="Syrian presidential election, 1999">
Syrian presidential election, 1999

Presidential elections were held in Syria on 10 February 1999. There was only one candidate, Hafez al-Assad, with voters asked to approve or reject his candicacy. A reported 100% of voters voted in favour, with a turnout of 98.5%.

</doc>
<doc id="30992672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992672" title="List of tallest buildings in Saguenay, Quebec">
List of tallest buildings in Saguenay, Quebec

Saguenay is the fifth largest city in Quebec. In Saguenay, there are 6 buildings that stand taller than . The tallest building in the city is the 13-storey, Cegep de Jonquière. The second-tallest building in the city is Édifice Cent Un, standing at tall with 14 storeys.
, the city contains 6 highrises over and only 1 skyscraper that exceeds in height.
There are no high-rises currently under construction, approved for construction, or proposed for construction in Saguenay.
Tallest buildings.
This list ranks Saguenay high-rises that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.

</doc>
<doc id="30992675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992675" title="Bolgenschanze">
Bolgenschanze

Bolgenschanze is abandoned ski jumping hill, located at Davos, Switzerland opened in 1908. It was in use until mid-1950s and owned by "Ski Club Davos". It had a K-point at 74 meters.
History.
On February 28, 1909 there were about 1200 spectators attended the antemeridian official inauguration competition on the first ski jumping hill of Ski Club Davos. Winners were the guest jumpers from Norway with Harald Smith (best jump 45 m) in advance of his brother Trygve Smith who fell at 48 m and of Trygve Myklegaard. In the afternoon the distances were shorter due to a weather change. Individual ski jumps then were shorter than 40 meters and double jumps came up to 36 meters. During times of World War I competitive activities rested, but already in 1919 Thorleif Knudseen (NOR) jumped a new hill record of 48 m which was one of the longest jumps world wide in these days. 
When the Academic World Winter Games were hosted at Davos in 1929, a renewing of the ski jumping hill was obtrusive. Then the ski jumping hill architects Grünenfelder and Straumann planned a new-construction, which relived a magic moment of ski jumping on February 24, 1931. In an international competition Swiss Fritz Kaufmann won in front of Norway’s Sigmund Ruud and Jakob Kjelland with distances between 60 and 66 meters. Afterwards the athletes went chasing the world record in non-competitive rounds with Sigmund Ruud landing at 81 meters! So he snatched the former world record of 76 m from his younger brother Birger. 
With its modern profile the Bolgenschanze attended a lot of worldwide attention in those days and was assessed very much by the international jumper’s elite, consequently Davos was the jumping stronghold of Switzerland. 
In late 1950s several attempts to establish a ski jump tournament with St. Moritz and Arosa failed unfortunately. When the ski club could not realize the necessary reconstruction of the ski jump due to financial reasons and the cure organisation didn’t no longer financially support operation and maintenance, too, the end of the most traditional ski jumping hill of Middle Europe had come. Today the slope is still used for alpine skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="30992680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992680" title="Francisco de Comontes">
Francisco de Comontes

Francisco de Comontes, a son of Iñigo de Comontes, executed in 1533 the principal retablo of the chapel of Los Reyes Nuevos in Toledo cathedral, from the design of Felipe de Vigarny. In 1545-7, he painted for the winter chapter room portraits of Cardinal Archbishop Tavera and Archbishop Siliceo; in the latter year he was appointed painter to the cathedral, which office he retained until his death in 1565. Pictures on panel of the 'Virgin and St. Bartholomew,' placed in 1659 in a retablo gilt by his own hands, in the chapel of the Tower, are considered his best works.

</doc>
<doc id="30992687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992687" title="List of football clubs in Nepal">
List of football clubs in Nepal


</doc>
<doc id="30992705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992705" title="Raratoka Island">
Raratoka Island

Raratoka Island (also known as Centre Island) is a small island in Foveaux Strait off the coast of Stewart Island / Rakiura, New Zealand. It is located north of Stewart island's northernmost point, Black Rock Point, and southwest of the Southland town of Riverton on the South Island mainland. Several small reefs surround the island, notably Escape Reefs, to the east, and Hapuka Rock, to the southwest.
The island was named by Māori after the Island of Rarotonga, and is the Southern Māori form of the same word, meaning "beneath the south" or "south wind". 
Raratoka Island is used as an island sanctuary, with the Department of Conservation releasing 15 captive bred birds in 2006 after eradicating the population of Polynesian rats. The island contains a lighthouse and a small airstrip.

</doc>
<doc id="30992743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992743" title="Olav Bucher Johannessen">
Olav Bucher Johannessen

Olav Bucher Johannessen (born 28 October 1926) is a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Bergen, and has the cand.oecon. degree in economics. He was hired in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1955, and was promoted to special adviser in 1974. After serving as a State Secretary for Odvar Nordli in the Office of the Prime Minister from 1979 to 1981, he was the Norwegian ambassador to Finland from 1982 to 1985, to the Soviet Union from 1985 to 1990 and to Sweden from 1990 to 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="30992751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992751" title="K. K. Aggarwal">
K. K. Aggarwal

K. K. Aggarwal (born 1948) is an engineer, professor and I.T. "expert". He is the founder vice chancellor of the Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University. He served as the president of the Computer Society of India from 2007 to 2009 and held the position of the vice president of the South East Asia Regional Computer Confederation from 2008 to 2009 and then as the president for a year afterwards.
Academic life.
Aggarwal obtained his engineering degree in electronics and communication from the Panjab University in 1968 and M.Sc.-engineering in advanced electronics from the Kurukshetra University in 1971. He got his Ph.D. from the Kurukshetra University with a thesis on "Reliability Evaluation and Optimization" in 1975, in the same year he became a professor.

</doc>
<doc id="30992767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992767" title="Systematic Entomology">
Systematic Entomology

Systematic Entomology is a scientific journal covering the field of systematic entomology, published by the Royal Entomological Society of London. Having begun in 1932 as "Proceedings of the Royal Entomological Society of London, Series B: Taxonomy", the title was changed to "Journal of Entomology, Series B: Taxonomy" in 1971, starting with volume 40. After volume 44 in 1976, the journal became "Systematic Entomology", starting again with volume 1.
In 2010, it was ranked sixth among entomological journals in terms of impact factor. It is indexed in the following bibliographic databases:

</doc>
<doc id="30992771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992771" title="Alpha strike (engineering)">
Alpha strike (engineering)

An alpha strike is a term referring to the event when an alpha particle enters a computer processor, and modifying the data contained in that processor. These can cause data corruption or system shutdown, and are becoming an increasing problem as transistor sizes are reduced.
Physically, what happens in an alpha strike is that the alpha particle excites
electrons via electronic stopping power in the material, and these may disrupt the normal electronic state of a memory component. The particle can
also leave permanent defects in the components via collision cascades.

</doc>
<doc id="30992772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992772" title="Alpha strike (gaming)">
Alpha strike (gaming)

An alpha strike is a competitive gaming term, denoting an all-out attack launched in hopes of achieving a decisive advantage. This is usually considered a risky tactic, as if the attacker fails to gain a decisive advantage, it can leave the attacker's units overextended and vulnerable to counter-attack.
It may have originated from Vietnam-era U.S. military jargon denoting an aircraft carrier-based combat mission where "all aircraft from a single carrier were organized into one strike group for a mission against a given target".

</doc>
<doc id="30992780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992780" title="Alpha strike (United States Navy)">
Alpha strike (United States Navy)

Alpha strike is a term used by the United States Navy to denote a large air attack by an aircraft carrier air wing, first coined during the Vietnam War. It is the Navy's version of the more widely used term "strike package".
An Alpha strike is typically a large strike representing a "deck load" of aircraft, i.e.,the amount of aircraft that can be brought to the flight deck, armed and launched against a high-value target. This will generally amount to about half of the aircraft aboard and will comprise aircraft from all squadrons on board and are also referred to as airwing-size strikes. The other half will normally have been recently recovered aircraft, and will be parked and prepared for their next mission on the hangar deck below the flight deck. During an Alpha strike the carrier will remain into the wind and at General Quarters with a "ready deck" to recover any aircraft returning to the ship with battle damage. During the Vietnam War an Alpha strike also meant that the target of a strike was specifically taken from a target list maintained by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and as such required JCOS authorization.
The alternate form of carrier operations are "cyclic operations" during which a carrier will launch and recover aircraft (a launch and recovery is a complete cycle) on a prescribed schedule. Several factors will contribute to the length of a cycle depending on the type of aircraft, the time and distance to the target, and the mission. With virtually all fast moving, jet aircraft aboard, carriers during the Vietnam War would launch and recover every 90 minutes and complete 9 cycles daily over typically a 12-13 hour period. These carriers were generally assigned to Yankee Station located about a 100 miles from the target area. When a carrier stood down after flight quarters another carrier would commence flight operations. Typically three and on rare occasions four carriers operated on Yankee Station and provided continuous fleet air operations around the clock. A carrier would typically be on the line for a "line period" of 30 to 35 days, and then leave the line for 6 to 8 days of rest and recreation. A deployment to the Western Pacific usually amounted to six line periods and typically lasted about 10 1/2 months including transit from and to the continental United States.
During the peak of the war a carrier typically launched 9 to 13 thousand sorties. If a sortie may be used as a measure of activity, the periods from 1966 to early 1968 and 1970 to 1973 probably amounted to the most intensive level of combat flying in the history of naval warfare.
Sometimes some very large air raids were staged by coordinating aircraft from three US Navy carriers in the Gulf of Tonkin and the US Air Force flying from airfields in Thailand. This could amount to 90 to 100 Navy aircraft and a similar number from the Air Force. During these very large raids either the Navy or the Air Force would strike first and the other service would re-strike the target 15 minutes later. The planning for these strikes was extensive, and typically a strike would remain over target no longer than two minutes in an effort to minimize losses in what was also the most intensive air defense system composed of fighters, anti-aircraft guns, and missiles ever encountered.

</doc>
<doc id="30992783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992783" title="Petter Graver">
Petter Graver

Petter Graver (30 May 1920 – 21 January 1995) was a Norwegian jurist who first served as a diplomat from 1947 to 1988, then as a lawyer until his death. He was the Norwegian ambassador to several countries, among them Israel and the Soviet Union.
Early life and career.
He was born in Tinn as a son of politician and accountant Torjus Graver. His father was hired as head of accounting in the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions in 1933, and the family moved to Bærum. In 1954 Petter Graver married Siren Hognestad. They had a daughter and two sons, among them the law professor and dean Hans Petter Graver.
As a teenager he became active in the Labour Party. He became chair of the Workers' Youth League in Bærum, and also board member in Bærum Labour Party in 1939. He finished his secondary education in 1940, and had his political career interrupted by the occupation of Norway when the Labour Party was declared illegal. He fought in the Norwegian Campaign of the spring 1940, and later fled to Canada where he received pilot training.
He later enrolled in law studies; while studying he was briefly employed in Arbeidernes Opplysningsforbund. He graduated from the University of Oslo with the cand.jur. degree in 1947.
Diplomatic career.
He was hired by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1947, but started out as a graduate of an air force academy in the UK. In 1949, however, he was posted as vice consul in Geneva. After a tenure as legation secretary in Rio de Janeiro from 1951 to 1954 he was embassy secretary in Paris from 1956 to 1958. He then attended NATO Defence College and the Norwegian Joint Staff College in 1958–1959. His next station abroad was that of embassy councellor in the Soviet Union from 1961 to 1964.
He served as an envoy to Berlin from 1969, then as the Norwegian ambassador to Israel from 1971 to 1975, to the Soviet Union from 1975 to 1979, to Canada from 1979 to 1983 and to the Netherlands from 1983 to 1988.
While serving in Tel Aviv he also acted as the Norwegian ambassador to Cyprus. His tenure coincided with a very turbulent period in Israeli society, with the Yom Kippur War, the Munich massacre, and the Mossad assassination of Ahmed Bouchiki in the small Norwegian town Lillehammer in 1973. Bouchiki was thought to have a connection with the Munich massacre, and as such assassinated as a retaliation, but this proved to be groundless. In a 1974 letter to his employers in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Norway, Graver explained the Bouchiki case as a result of Western European countries failing to heed a call from Israel to cooperate on counter-terrorism. As Norwegian authorities detained the Mossad agents who killed the innocent Bouchiki, an Israeli group planned to kidnap Graver and demand the liberation of the agents as a ransom. This surfaced in a 1987 book by Yair Kotler on Meir Kahane, the alleged leader of the plot.
After retiring from the foreign service he started a new career as a lawyer. He was on his way to becoming a barrister, carrying through his first of three trial cases for the Supreme Court of Norway in 1994, at the age of 74. However, he died in January 1995. He was buried at Vestre gravlund. Graver was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav (1969), and Commander of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="30992785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992785" title="International Cost Engineering Council">
International Cost Engineering Council

The International Cost Engineering Council (ICEC) is a nonpolitical and nonprofit organization. ICEC’s objective is to promote cooperation between cost engineering, quantity surveying and project management organisations. This is global and local initiative to ensure the shared well-being of the organisation and that of their individual members.
ICEC identifies itself as a Worldwide Confederation of Cost Engineering, Quantity Surveying and Project Management Societies.
ICEC is a NGO in Roster Consultative Status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.
Member societies of ICEC are generally national associations or institutes.
History.
ICEC was founded in 1976 and now represents more than 100,000 cost engineers and project managers in over 100 different nations. Where subjects of common interests need to be exchanged and discussed, regular ICEC meetings are attended by delegates of the member societies. Each member society has one vote on the Council.
Global Connections.
ICEC is closely tied with the Pacific Association of Quantity Surveyors (PAQS) and the Africa Association of Quantity Surveyors (AAQS) and has Reciprocal agreements with the International Project Management Association (IPMA) and The Fédération Internationale Des Géomètres (FIG).
ICEC Regions.
To encourage communication and foster joint congresses, symposia, and forums on a continental or regional scale, ICEC is divided geographically. The Regions are: 
Congresses, Seminars and Forums.
Regional Meetings.
ICEC regional meetings and congresses occur on a regular basis, being held at least once a year. These meetings are usually held in conjunction with key regional events.
World Congress.
The ICEC holds a World Congress once every two years. This is considered the flagship event of the Council in which member associations travel from around the world. This allows all involved to network, share information/ideas and to develop strategic plans for the ICEC organisation.
Membership.
While ICEC does not permit individual membership, it does represent, collectively, more than 100,000 project cost management professionals from over 100 different nations. These members belong to various fields including Cost Engineering, Quantity Surveying and Project Management. Comprising, well over 40 professional associations spread throughout the world, it is considered umbrella organisation, representing project cost management associations on a global scale. 
ICEC accreditation is available to ICEC Member Associations. These qualifications include; Cost Engineering, Quantity Surveying, and Project Management certification. It is also dedicated to the continuing professional development programs (CPD). All of these programs must meet ICEC standards before being recognised.
Expertise.
The expertise of ICEC members covers all Cost Engineering related activities. 
ICEC Journal and Newsletter.
The ICEC International Cost Management Journal (ICMJ) is a peer reviewed on-line journal that features a collection of the best papers and articles that have been previously published in conference proceedings, symposia or journals produced by ICEC and ICEC member associations. It is a perpetual journal which allows papers to be submitted and included at any time. The ICMJ enables ICEC member associations to acknowledge high quality contributions to their publications and conference proceedings. The journal effectively contains the ‘best of the best’ papers/articles published around the world by member associations. 
The ICEC publishes a biannual newsletter, titled “ICEC International Roundup Newsletter”. This includes news and reports about ICEC's activities, papers and news submitted by ICEC member associations as well as technical papers of interest. The newsletter is available in digital format via download from the ICEC Website.
International Standards & Best Practice.
ICEC has an ‘Inventory of Best Practice and Standards’. Drawn from a variety of different countries, the database is a listing of best practices and standards that have been developed for project cost management. This includes documents developed by ICEC member associations as well as independent standards prepared by other organisations. Examples of these would be the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), the International Project Management Organization (IPMA) and the Commission Electrotechnique Internationale (IEC).

</doc>
<doc id="30992791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992791" title="Robert William Chapman">
Robert William Chapman

Robert William Chapman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30992807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992807" title="Ann Varley">
Ann Varley

Ann Varley is a Professor of Human Geography at University College London. Her research focus has been on housing and the home, looking at urban land and housing; family law and the home; law and urban governance; property formalization; gender, families and households. Latin America, in particular Mexico, has been where most of her work has been done, work for which she was awarded the Royal Geographical Society's "Busk Medal" in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30992811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992811" title="Winter/Reflections">
Winter/Reflections

Winter/Reflections is a 2005 Christmas album recorded by Boyz II Men. It was only released in Japan on December 1, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="30992818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992818" title="MIAT (gene)">
MIAT (gene)

MIAT (myocardial infarction associated transcript), also known as RNCR2 (retinal non-coding RNA 2) or Gomafu, is a long non-coding RNA. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in MIAT are associated with a risk of myocardial infarction. It is expressed in neurons, and located in the nucleus. It plays a role in the regulation of retinal cell fate specification.

</doc>
<doc id="30992822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992822" title="Football in the Netherlands Antilles">
Football in the Netherlands Antilles

The sport of football in the Netherlands Antilles was run by the Nederlands Antilliaanse Voetbal Unie. The association administered the national football team, as well as the Netherlands Antilles Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30992837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992837" title="List of football clubs in the Netherlands Antilles">
List of football clubs in the Netherlands Antilles


</doc>
<doc id="30992841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992841" title="Marumba maackii">
Marumba maackii

Marumba maackii is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East, north-eastern China, North Korea, South Korea and northern Japan (Hokkaido).
The wingspan is 78-96 mm. It can be distinguished from all other "Marumba" species by the buff-yellow colour of the costal and distal margins of the hindwing upperside. There are two spots touching and thus forming an eight-shaped marking located on the tornus.
There is one main generation in the Russian Far East with adults on wing from June to late July. However, in warm years there is a partial second generation, with adults in May or June and in August. In Korea, adults have been recorded in July and August.
The larvae feed on "Tilia" species, including particularly "Tilia amurensis", "Tilia cordata", "Tilia platyphyllos" and "Tilia tomentosa".

</doc>
<doc id="30992844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992844" title="Syrian presidential election, 2000">
Syrian presidential election, 2000

Presidential elections were held in Syria on 10 July 2000, following the death of President Hafez al-Assad. The only candidate was his son, Bashar al-Assad, with voters asked to approve or reject his candicacy. A reported 99.7% of voters voted in favour, with a turnout of 94.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="30992851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992851" title="RetroShare">
RetroShare

RetroShare is free software for encrypted, filesharing, serverless email, instant messaging, chatrooms, and BBS, based on a friend-to-friend network built on GPG (GNU Privacy Guard). It is not strictly a darknet since optionally, peers may communicate certificates and IP addresses from and to their friends.
The number of simultaneous users is, in January 2014, more than 5800.
Authentication and connectivity.
After installation, the user either generates a pair of (GPG) cryptographic keys with RetroShare, or selects an existing keypair to use. After authentication and exchanging an asymmetric key, SSH is used to establish a connection. End to end encryption is accomplished by using OpenSSL. Friends of friends cannot connect by default, but they can see each other, if the users allow it. IPv6 support is planned for the RetroShare 0.6 release branch with a possible release in 2014.
File sharing.
It is possible to share folders between friends. File transfer is carried on using a multi-hop swarming system (inspired by the "Turtle Hopping" feature from the Turtle F2F project, but implemented differently). In essence, data is only exchanged between friends, although it is possible that the ultimate source and destination of a given transfer are multiple friends apart. A search function performing anonymous multi-hop search is another source of finding files in the network.
Files are represented by their SHA-1 hash value, and HTTP-compliant file and links may be exported, copied, and pasted into/out of RetroShare to publish their virtual location into the RetroShare network.
Communication.
RetroShare offers several services to allow friends to communicate :
User interface.
The core of the RetroShare software is based on an offline library, to which two executables are plugged :
Anonymity.
The friend-to-friend structure of the RetroShare network makes it difficult to intrude and hardly possible to monitor from an external point of view. The degree of anonymity may be improved further by deactivating the DHT and IP/certificate exchange services, making the Retroshare network a real Darknet.
Friends of friends may not connect directly with each other, however, the possibility exists of anonymously sharing files with friends of friends, if enabled by the user. Search, access, and both uploading and downloading of these files is made by "routing" through a series of friends. This means that communications between the source of data (the uploader) and the destination of the data (the downloader) is indirect through mutual friends. Although the intermediary friends cannot determine the original source or ultimate destination, they can see their very next links in the communication chain (their friends). Since the data stream is encrypted, only original source and ultimate destination are able to see what data is transferred.
Reception.
Since 2013, the web site PRISM Break recommends RetroShare for anonymous file sharing.
Future developments.
Serverless voicemail and videochat could be implemented with RetroShare and its Plugin infrastructure. A web-based user interface to control the software from a distant machine also stands among future plans.
Since 2012, there is an unofficial build for the single-board computer Raspberry Pi, it is named PiShare.

</doc>
<doc id="30992853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992853" title="František Okoličáni">
František Okoličáni

František Okoličáni (born 26 September 1982 in Dolný Kubín) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who recently played for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Ružomberok.

</doc>
<doc id="30992857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992857" title="Smash (professional wrestling)">
Smash (professional wrestling)

Smash was a Japanese puroresu and combat sports promotion, founded in December 2009 following the folding of Hustle. In the fall of 2009 Hustle ran into financial problems that led to several show cancellations. After a planned restructuring and restarting of the promotion failed, a number of officials and wrestlers decided to start a new project. Smash held its first show on March 26, 2010.
Smash promoted three divisions: professional wrestling, mixed martial arts and kickboxing. The professional wrestling branch is led by Yoshihiro Tajiri, while Akira Shoji is responsible for the MMA branch. Yuji Shimada leads the overall supervision of the whole project. Since 2010 Smash has had an active exchange of wrestlers with the Finnish Fight Club Finland promotion.
In April 2011, it was announced that Deep and the MMA division of Smash had formed an amateur promotion named the Japan MMA League (JML).
On February 10, 2012, Smash announced that the promotion would be folding after its March 14 event, following a disagreement between Tajiri and financial backer (Quantum Jump Japan CEO) Masakazu Sakai. On April 5, 2012, Tajiri announced the follow-up promotion to Smash, Wrestling New Classic, which would hold its first event on April 26. On June 1, 2012, Sakai and his Smash backers bought Pancrase, officially incorporating Smash's MMA division into the promotion and re-affirming the partnership with Deep in JML.

</doc>
<doc id="30992863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992863" title="Proaftn">
Proaftn

Proaftn is a classification method that belongs to the class of supervised learning algorithms. The acronym Proaftn stands for: (PROcédure d'Affectation Floue pour la problématique du Tri Nominal), which means in English: Fuzzy Assignmemt Procedure for Nominal Sorting.
The method was first proposed by Nabil Belacel in 1999 in his PhD thesis., since that Proaftn methodology was published in several papers and proceedings. The first paper that presented the general description of Proaftn methodology was published in the European Journal of Operational Research.
To resolve the classification problems, Proaftn proceeds by the following stages:
Stage 1. Modeling of classes: In this stage, the prototypes of the classes are conceived using the two following steps:
Direct technique: It consists in adjusting the parameters through the training set and with the expert intervention.
Indirect technique: It consists in fitting the parameters without the expert intervention as used in machine learning approaches. 
This technique requires less cognitive effort than the former technique; it uses an automatic method to determine the optimal parameters, which minimize the classification errors.
Furthermore, several heuristics and metaheuristics were used to learn the multicriteria classification method Proaftn.
Stage 2. Assignment: After conceiving the prototypes, Proaftn proceeds to assign the new objects to specific classes.

</doc>
<doc id="30992864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992864" title="Football in New Caledonia">
Football in New Caledonia

The sport of football in the country of New Caledonia is run by the Fédération Calédonienne de Football. The association administers the national football team as well as the national league.

</doc>
<doc id="30992870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992870" title="Marumba fenzelii">
Marumba fenzelii

Marumba fenzelii is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from China.

</doc>
<doc id="30992872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992872" title="List of football clubs in New Caledonia">
List of football clubs in New Caledonia


</doc>
<doc id="30992889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992889" title="Marek Ondrík">
Marek Ondrík

Marek Ondrík (born 30 November 1990 in Ružomberok) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for FK Inter Bratislava, on loan from MFK Ružomberok.

</doc>
<doc id="30992890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992890" title="Marumba amboinicus">
Marumba amboinicus

Marumba amboinicus is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Indonesia and the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="30992894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992894" title="Aneriophora">
Aneriophora

Aneriophora is a little-known genus of hoverflies from South America.

</doc>
<doc id="30992907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992907" title="Syrian constituent assembly election, 1949">
Syrian constituent assembly election, 1949

Constitutional Assembly elections were held in Syria on 16 November 1949, with a second round on 25 November. The result was a victory for the People's Party, which won 63 of the 114 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30992913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992913" title="John Swaine">
John Swaine

John Swaine (26 June 1775 – 25 November 1860) was an English draughtsman and engraver.
Life and work.
Swaine was born at Stanwell, Middlesex, on 26 June 1775, the son of John and Margaret Swaine, and became a pupil first of Jacob Schnebbelie and afterwards of Barak Longmate. He is best known for his excellent facsimile copies of old prints, of which the most noteworthy are the famous portrait of Shakespeare by Martin Droeshout, William Faithorne's portrait of Thomas Stanley, David Loggan's frontispiece to the Book of Common Prayer, and the plates to William Ottley's ‘History of Engraving,’ (1816), and Singer's ‘History of Playing Cards,’ 1816.
He also engraved many illustrations for various scientific, topographical, and antiquarian works, including the whole series of plates in William Marsden's 'Oriental Coins,’ (1823–5), and many subjects of natural history for the transactions of the Linnean, Zoological, and Entomological societies. There are a few contemporary portraits by him, including one of Marshal Blücher, after Friedrich Rehberg. Swaine contributed engravings to 'The Gentleman's Magazine’ for fifty years, commencing in 1804.
Swaine died in Dean Street, Soho, London, on 25 November 1860. In 1797 he married the daughter of his master, Barak Longmate. She died in October 1822.
Swaine taught engraving to his young nephew, James Fahey, who went on to become a notable landscape painter.
John Barak Swaine.
John Barak Swaine (1815?–1838), his only son, studied in the schools of the Royal Academy, and while still a boy did some good antiquarian work. Drawings by him, illustrating papers by Alfred John Kempe, appeared in "Archæologia", 1832 and 1834. In 1833 he was awarded the Isis gold medal of the Society of Arts for an etching, and in that year drew, etched, and published a large plate of the east window of St. Margaret's, Westminster. In 1834, having taken up oil painting, he visited The Hague and Paris to study and copy in the galleries there. He walked from Holland to Paris, making many sketches on the way. In Paris he painted much and also tried his hand successfully at wood engraving. He engraved in mezzotint Rembrandt's ‘Spanish Officer,’ also a picture by himself entitled 'The Dutch Governess,’ and a portrait of A. J. Kempe. In 1837 he etched a plate of the altar window at Hampton Lucy in Warwickshire.
Swaine was a versatile artist of great promise, but died young, after a long illness, at the age of 23 in Queen Street, Golden Square, London, on 28 March 1838.

</doc>
<doc id="30992917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992917" title="Marumba timora">
Marumba timora

Marumba timora is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Indonesia.
It is similar to "Marumba dyras" and "Marumba sperchius", but the body and wings are a deeper tint and there is no distinct medial line running over the length of the body. The lines on distal half of the forewing upperside are indistinct and the two spots near the tornus are minute. The hindwing upperside spots are also small.

</doc>
<doc id="30992933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992933" title="Durham Street Methodist Church">
Durham Street Methodist Church

The Durham Street Methodist Church in Christchurch was the earliest stone church constructed in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It is registered as a "Historic Place – Category I" by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
The church was severely damaged by an earthquake on 4 September 2010, but collapsed during a following earthquake on 22 February 2011, killing three workers who were removing the organ.
History.
Christchurch was mainly an Anglican settlement. The congregation of Methodists was small, but active. The first Methodist Chapel, which was located in High Street, was sold in 1864.
An architectural competition was held for a new church in Durham Street. The winning architectural firm, Crouch and Wilson from Melbourne, had entered a design in the Gothic Revival style in the 1863 competition. Local architect Samuel Farr, who had come to Akaroa in early 1850, came second in the competition and was engaged to for the construction supervision. In early 1864, the foundation stone was laid by Samuel Bealey who at the time was Superintendent of Canterbury Province. The building was officially opened on Christmas Day 1864 and Canterbury thus had its first church built of permanent materials. The stone used includes Halswell and Port Hills basalt and Charteris Bay sandstone. A gallery was added to the building in 1869 and a schoolroom was built next to it in 1875. A parsonage was subsequently erected facing Chester Street. In 1951 a Memorial Chapel was added, dedicated to those killed in both World Wars.
On 2 April 1985, the church building was registered with the registration number 3099 by the Historic Places Trust as a Category I heritage building. An atrium was built in 1987 to connect the church to the Aldersgate building next door which houses offices for both the church and the Christian Methodist Mission.
Earthquakes.
The 1888 North Canterbury earthquake caused a spire in the south-eastern corner to tilt, leading to its subsequent removal. The church and hall were severely damaged in the September 2010 earthquake and the aftershock the following Boxing Day. The building collapsed the following February in the 2011 Christchurch earthquake while a team of eight workers from the South Island Organ Company were dismantling the organ, killing three of them.
Interior.
The interior plan reflected the standard Victorian era Methodist layout of a meeting hall surrounded by galleries and was designed to accommodate 1200 people. The cedar pulpit, centred on the back wall, was accessed by a double staircase. The organ, installed in 1902, replaced an earlier hand pumped organ which had been installed in 1874. The replacement organ was built by Ingram & Co. in Hereford, United Kingdom and was valued at $1 million prior to the church's destruction. Four sets of memorial stained glass windows were installed at different times.

</doc>
<doc id="30992939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992939" title="Syrian parliamentary election, 1953">
Syrian parliamentary election, 1953

Parliamentary elections were held in Syria on 9 October 1953. The result was a victory for the Arab Liberation Movement, which won 72 of the 82 seats.
The People's party and the National party were both closed down and prohibited from operating. Most of their leaders were imprisoned or under house arrest due to President Adib al-Shishakli's tyrannical regime that came to power after a coup d'état 3 years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="30992940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992940" title="The End of the Road (1936 film)">
The End of the Road (1936 film)

The End of the Road is a 1936 British musical comedy drama film directed by Alex Bryce and starring Harry Lauder, Bruce Seton, Ruth Haven and Ethel Glendinning. It was made at Wembley Studios by the British subsidiary of the Hollywood company Twentieth Century Fox.
Plot.
After she marries a drunken wastrel the daughter of the manager of a Scottish concert party is thrown out by him.

</doc>
<doc id="30992942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992942" title="Lukáš Greššák">
Lukáš Greššák

Lukáš Greššák (born 23 January 1989) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Ružomberok.

</doc>
<doc id="30992943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992943" title="PRINS (gene)">
PRINS (gene)

PRINS (psoriasis associated RNA induced by stress) is a long non-coding RNA. Its expression is induced by stress, and it may have a protective role in cells exposed to stress. It is over-expressed in the skin of patients with psoriasis. It regulates G1P3, a gene encoding a protein with anti-apoptotic effects in keratinocytes. Overexpression of PRINS may contribute to psoriasis via the down-regulation of G1P3.

</doc>
<doc id="30992971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992971" title="Remote Center Compliance">
Remote Center Compliance

In robotics, a Remote Center Compliance, Remote Center of Compliance or RCC is a mechanical device that facilitates automated assembly by preventing peg-like objects from jamming when they are inserted into a hole with tight clearance. In a naive design without an RCC, a robot might pick up a peg with its gripper, center the peg over the hole and then push the peg along the axis of the hole. If the peg is perfectly aligned and centered, it would then slide into the hole. However if the peg's alignment or centering is slightly off, the peg contacts one side of the hole first and the peg's tip experiences a lateral force. As the robot's gripper is not perfectly stiff, the peg will tend to rotate about an axis in the plane of the gripper's fingers, called the center of compliance. Such a rotation further misaligns the peg, increasing the lateral force and causing more rotation, resulting in a jam that prevents the insertion from being completed. 
An RCC changes the way the peg responds to a lateral force at its tip. The RCC is typically placed between the robot's wrist and the gripper, though it can be built into the gripper itself. The RCC lets the gripper assembly move in the plane perpendicular to the peg's axis, allowing the peg to rotate about an axis in the plane of the top of the hole, effectively moving the center of compliance from the gripper to the hole. With the RCC, the forces generated by any misalignment move the peg in a way that corrects the problem, rather than exacerbate it.

</doc>
<doc id="30992977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992977" title="Alex Bryce">
Alex Bryce

Alex Bryce (1905–1961) was a British screenwriter, cinematographer and film director.
Selected filmography.
Director

</doc>
<doc id="30992978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992978" title="Marumba jankowskii">
Marumba jankowskii

Marumba jankowskii is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from south-eastern Russian Far East, north-eastern China, North Korea, South Korea and Japan.
The wingspan is 68–80 mm. It is similar to "Marumba maackii", but the hindwing upperside costal and distal areas are not yellow. Adults are on wing from early June to late August in Korea.
The larvae feed on "Tilia" species, including "Tilia mandshurica".

</doc>
<doc id="30992987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992987" title="PRINS">
PRINS

PRINS may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="30992988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992988" title="Drazinda">
Drazinda

Drazinda (or "Darazinda"') is a village near to Dera Ismail Khan in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="30992990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992990" title="Futago-ji">
Futago-ji

The temple precincts are a Prefectural Historic Site included within a Special Zone of the Setonaikai National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="30992994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992994" title="Semisi Tapueluelu">
Semisi Tapueluelu

Semisi Palu ‘Ifoni Tapueluelu (born October 28, 1949), more commonly known as Semisi Tapueluelu, is a Tongan politician.
After working as a prisons superintendent, he went into politics. His career in national politics began when he was elected People's Representative for the tenth constituency of Tongatapu in the November 2010 general election. Standing as a candidate for the Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands, he obtained 26.6% of the vote, seeing off eleven other candidates. 

</doc>
<doc id="30992997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30992997" title="Marumba tigrina">
Marumba tigrina

Marumba tigrina is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sumatra, Java and Borneo. 

</doc>
<doc id="30993004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993004" title="Marumba diehli">
Marumba diehli

Marumba diehli is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sumatra and Java.

</doc>
<doc id="30993011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993011" title="Marumba indicus">
Marumba indicus

Marumba indicus is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from India.

</doc>
<doc id="30993014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993014" title="Miron Polyakin">
Miron Polyakin

Miron Borisovich Polyakin (; (February 12, 1895 in Cherkasy - May 21, 1941 in Moscow) was a legendary Imperial Russian and Soviet violinist and pedagogue, one of the best known disciples of the famous Leopold Auer. Between 1917-1926 he toured many countries of the world, and in 1922 gave his New York debut. Upon his return to the Soviet Union, he undertook the professorship position at the Leningrad Conservatory (1928–1936) and then the Moscow Conservatory (1936–1941).

</doc>
<doc id="30993027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993027" title="Marumba nympha">
Marumba nympha

Marumba nympha is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from India.

</doc>
<doc id="30993034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993034" title="Dragon Festival">
Dragon Festival

The Dragon Festival is a Spanish free festival which ran from 1997 to 2009, held at Los Cigarrones on the riverbed of the Rio Guadalfeo, 2 km to the south of Órgiva, and from 2010 at Santa Fé, Granada, Spain, during the month of March, and culminating on the weekend nearest the March equinox. The festival is a celebration of various alternative cultures and includes live music and theater.
History.
The town of Órgiva (a garrison town that marked a front line throughout the Spanish Civil War) is renowned now for its alternative 'hippy' scene.
In 1996, flooding washed away a huge swath of land in Cigarrones, clearing the way for a gathering. On March 14, 1997 a huge sail depicting a jolly dragon was raised in Cigarrones and the Dragon Festival was born. The hundred or so people present could never of imagined that by 2001 nearly 10,000 people would attend.
Although the majority of people who had bought land at Cigarrones were party to the festival, the idea of so many people turning up for a 'wild weekend' which on occasions continued for weeks, inevitably caused some rifts in the community.
Police presence had been virtually nonexistent but by 2002 the festival's increasing size was attracting the attention of the local Partido Popular (PP - center-right) majority council. The Mayor placed a prohibition order on the festival and called in police reinforcements in order to create a noticeable police presence.
The Dragon Festival was causing a national media stir, firstly because banning a fiesta in Andalucia was simply unheard of but mostly because two people had died at the festival in 2002.
Prohibition attempt.
In 2003 an attempt was made by the authorities to prevent the Dragon Festival taking place with the heavy of Guardia Civil in the road leading to the festival site. However, the impending Iraq war gave voice to the festival's call for peace. For several weeks, residents from the festival site, daily dressed in pink and sang their way to the police line to offer the police tea and cakes. On the eve of the festival the police stepped aside, allowing the festival to take place.
Local elections brought a new Partido Socialista Obrero Español (PSOE - center-left) Mayoress to power who had previously been quite vocal about 'embracing' the Dragon Festival, however it was unanimously felt in the festival community that any interface with the local authorities was not the way to go since it could mean restrictive regulations and control.
Local opposition.
Over the years, a few members of the Cigarrones neighborhood had made their opposition to the festival known.
Early in 2009 a huge earth moving vehicle arrived at the festival site with support from the Guardia Civil and one member of the Policia Local. They proceeded to excavate holes two meters deep and two meters wide across the entire festival site, claiming they were for a tree planting project. More than two thousand holes were excavated across public land making it impossible to park anywhere, so if there was to be a 2009 Dragon Festival it would only be possible on the relatively small areas of pro-festival owners' land left without holes.
Two days before the 2009 Spring Equinox a prohibition order was posted proclaiming a ban on the Dragon Festival on grounds of health and safety and that anyone found organizing the event would be charged and if convicted, receive hefty fines.
Prosecutions.
Within days of the posting of the prohibition order, seven pro-festival land owners received paperwork telling them they had been found guilty on an 'administrative' charge (ie.. ignoring a local authorities' ban) and had each been fined the sum of thirty thousand and fifty Euros. Failure to pay would mean the seizure of any assets, including their land.
The charge against three people were dropped but the remaining four people have taken their case to the Crown Court in Granada on the grounds that nothing was done to enforce the ban on the festival in 2009 so in their defense, these land owners claim that they could have done little themselves to stop it even if they had wanted to.
The court cases were resolved with the exception of one against Mr Alex Brimmel. Mr Brimmel's lawyer claims the charges against Mr Brimmel brought by the Town Hall should have expired but the Town Hall bypassed normal channels so the case cannot be resolved. Mr Brimmel has brought a case against the Town Hall for unconstitutional practices in order to resolve his case.
Relocation.
The long wet winter of 2009/2010 once again flooded Cigarrones, filling in most of the holes and cutting off access, effectively stopping any large gathering in 2010.
In 2010 an estimated 1500 people created a free festival in Santa Fe, 4 km to the west of Granada (60 km north of Orgiva) and is widely perceived as the new home of the Dragon Festval.
The Dragon Festival continues at Santa Fe.

</doc>
<doc id="30993035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993035" title="Marumba poliotis">
Marumba poliotis

Marumba poliotis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from India.
It is a small, grey species. There are shades of pale grey and pale brown on the forewing upperside, crossed by crenulated and irregular transverse lines.

</doc>
<doc id="30993052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993052" title="Syrian parliamentary election, 1973">
Syrian parliamentary election, 1973

Parliamentary elections were held in Syria on 25 and 26 May 1973. The result was a victory for the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, which won 122 of the 186 seats. It was also the first election in which the Syrian-led Ba'ath Party ran for seats in parliament, the original Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party had been dissolved in 1966.
Results.
Note that the changes in distribution of seats relate to the 1971 People's Assembly, which was appointed by President Hafez al-Assad.

</doc>
<doc id="30993054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993054" title="List of FAW Premier Cup winners">
List of FAW Premier Cup winners

The FAW Premier Cup (formerly the FAW Invitation Cup) is a defunct Welsh football cup competition, organised annually by the Football Association of Wales from 1997 to 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30993066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993066" title="PISRT1">
PISRT1

PISRT1 (polled intersex syndrome regulated transcript 1) is a long non-coding RNA. It has been implicated in the polled intersex (PIS) mutation in goats. It has been shown not to be involved in sex determination in the rodent Ellobius lutescens and in dogs, and is unlikely to be involved in sex-specific gonad differentiation in mice.

</doc>
<doc id="30993068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993068" title="My Irish Molly">
My Irish Molly

My Irish Molly is a 1938 British musical film directed by Alex Bryce and starring Binkie Stuart, Tom Burke and Maureen O'Hara. A young orphan runs away from her mean-spirited guardian to live with her aunt. O'Hara appeared in the film under her real name of Maureen FitzSimons.

</doc>
<doc id="30993070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993070" title="Jerry Lynn (disambiguation)">
Jerry Lynn (disambiguation)

Jerry Lynn (born 1963), is a professional wrestler.
Jerry Lynn may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30993073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993073" title="Robert William Chapman (scholar)">
Robert William Chapman (scholar)

Robert William Chapman, usually known in print as R. W. Chapman (5 October 1881 in Eskbank, Scotland – 20 April 1960 in Oxford) was a British scholar, book collector and editor of Samuel Johnson and Jane Austen.
Life.
Chapman was the youngest of six children born to an Anglican clergyman, who died when he was three years old. He was educated at the High School of Dundee, St Andrews University and Oriel College, Oxford, where he graduated with a First in classics and humanities. He worked as assistant to the secretary of the Clarendon Press. In 1913 he married Katherine Marion Metcalfe, an English tutor at Somerville College.
Chapman did military service in Salonika during World War I, managing to study the works of Johnson there and continue to write for the "Times Literary Supplement".
After the war Chapman would remain in Oxford until his death. In 1920 he succeeded Charles Cannan as secretary of the Clarendon Press. He played a part in producing the "Oxford English Dictionary", combining editorial and administrative responsibilities at the press.
In 1923 Chapman produced an edition of five novels of Jane Austen; further Austen miscellania were published separately in the 1920s and 1930s before being collected together as a sixth volume, "Minor Works", of "The Novels of Jane Austen". He also edited (1932) Austen's correspondence, though this involved him in some controversy with Austen's critics.
After retirement from the Clarendon Press in 1943, Chapman worked on "what many consider his greatest accomplishment": a three-volume edition (1952) of Samuel Johnson's letters.
In 1948, Chapman rejected the authenticity of the Rice portrait of Jane Austen based on costume evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="30993094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993094" title="Moʻale Finau">
Moʻale Finau

Moʻale Finau (born February 10, 1960) is a Tongan politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands.
Finau has a Master of Arts degree in Geography and a Certificate in Law. He worked as a teacher, businessman and leadership training officer before entering politics. He stood unsuccessfully as an independent for the seat of Haʻapai in both the 2005 and 2008 general elections. In the 2010 general election he stood in the new Haʻapai 12 constituency under the Democratic party banner, and was elected with 31.9% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="30993105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993105" title="Silas U. Pinney">
Silas U. Pinney

Silas U. Pinney (March 3, 1833 – April 1, 1899) was an American jurist and politician from Wisconsin.
Born in Rockdale Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania, Pinney moved with his family to Dane County, Wisconsin. Pinney began reading law in 1851 or 1852 in the offices of Vilas & Remington. He was admitted to the Wisconsin Bar in 1854 and became a partner in the reorganized law firm of Vilas, Roys & Piney, which is Bell Moore & Richter SC today. In 1875, he was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly and had been elected Mayor of Madison, Wisconsin, in 1874. In 1891, he was elected to the Wisconsin Supreme Court. Because of ill health, Pinney resigned from the court and died the next year.
The Pinney Branch of the Madison Public Library was named in his honor. Madison's first public library opened in 1875 when Pinney was mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="30993109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993109" title="Punta Raisi railway station">
Punta Raisi railway station

Punta Raisi railway station (), is located within Palermo Airport () (IATA code: PMO) in Cinisi, near Palermo, Sicily, Italy. Opened in 2004, the station is the northwestern terminus of the Palermo Passante railway, and forms part of the Palermo Metro.
The station is managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana (RFI). Train services are operated by Trenitalia. Each company is a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato (FS), Italy's state-owned rail company.
Location.
Punta Raisi railway station is situated underground, directly opposite the airport terminal, and is accessible through the terminal.
History.
The construction of the station was part of the extension of Metropolitana di Palermo Line A from Piraineto railway station to the airport. The work for the realization of this link began in 2001 and the station was opened in 2004.
Features.
The station is equipped with three platforms, all of them for passenger service.
Train movements.
Punta Raisi is now the northwestern terminus of Line A. Trains operate between Punta Raisi and Palermo Centrale. A typical timetable on work days is a train every 30 minutes in each direction between early morning and around 10 pm.
<br clear=left>
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at February 2011."
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30993113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993113" title="The Londonderry Air (film)">
The Londonderry Air (film)

The Londonderry Air is a 1938 British romance film directed by Alex Bryce and starring Sara Allgood, Liam Gaffney and Phyllis Ryan. A young woman abandons her plans to settle down in a respectable marriage and runs off with a travelling fiddler she falls in love with. It was based on a play by Rachel Field.

</doc>
<doc id="30993123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993123" title="Imanageproject">
Imanageproject

iManageProject is an online tool and application service provider for project management and team collaboration developed by Outside Software Inc. - a Romanian web development company based in Eastern Europe, founded in 2004. 
Reviews.
The product has been reviewed by "KillerStartups", "TechSpotlight". "SlapStart".

</doc>
<doc id="30993131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993131" title="Rafaela Ybarra de Vilallonga">
Rafaela Ybarra de Vilallonga

Rafaela Ybarra de Vilallonga (1843–1900) was a member of Bilbao's 19th century wealthy gentry and mother to seven children who - with the approval of her husband José Vilallonga - founded the "Congregación de los Santos Angeles Custodios" (Religious Congregation of the Guardian Angels). She was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1984 and is currently undergoing the canonization process.
Biography.
Rafaela Ybarra de Vilallonga was born in Bilbao in northern Spain in 1843 in an affluent Catholic family.
She married José de Vilallonga in 1861.
As Bilbao was being transformed by a speedy yet chaotic industrialization process, she set up homes for working-class children and teenage girls as well as workshops for their training. She promoted a number of institutions for the welfare of women across the city. 
On December 8, 1894 and together with three of her earliest supporters, she made a pledge to become a mother and educator to all poor and needy children in her native Bilbao. Since her mission was similar in nature to that of the Guardian Angels ("Ángeles Custodios" in Spanish), she took that name for her new foundation - which in 2011 had 35 homes scattered across Spain and America.
On August 2, 1897, she placed the foundation stone of the "Colegio Ángeles Custodios" in Zabalbide (Bilbao), which was officially opened on March 24, 1899. It was the first house of the Congregation and the referent for the ones that followed.
Blessed Rafaela Ybarra died on February 23, 1900, before her novel Congregation had been fully established.
Quotes.
From Rafela Ybarra de Vilallonga:
External links.
http://www.angelescustodios.com Bilbao

</doc>
<doc id="30993165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993165" title="Le Fils de Gascogne">
Le Fils de Gascogne

Le Fils de Gascogne ("Gascogne's Son") is a French film directed by Pascal Aubier from a scenario by Patrick Modiano and Pascal Aubier, released on 8 May 1996.
The adventures of Harvey, guide of a group of Georgian singers in Paris, and Dinara their interpreter, are used as a framework to provide a fantastic and nostalgic evocation of the cinema of the 1960s.
Synopsis.
Harvey, a timid provincial young mans, accommodate a troop of Georgian choristers accompanied by Dinara, their interpreter (a quarter Russian: “"my father is Tatar, my mother is half Russian, half Jewish"”), and acts as their guide in Paris.
In a restaurant,a customer joins the singers and claims to recognize Harvey as the son of a script writer named Gascogne, who died twenty-five years earlier in an automobile accident. Marco, one of his friends, tries to profit from this situation, made all the easier as Harvey was born from an unknown father. He tries to find the reels of a film which Gascogne made just before his death in order to sell them to a collector.
During this search, he introduces a group of 1960s stars to the two young people, despite the initial scepticism of Harvey and the growing mistrust of Dinara.

</doc>
<doc id="30993169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993169" title="Liam Gaffney">
Liam Gaffney

Liam Gaffney (1918–1994) was an Irish film and television actor.

</doc>
<doc id="30993188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993188" title="Clanis pratti">
Clanis pratti

Clanis pratti is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi and surrounding islands.

</doc>
<doc id="30993191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993191" title="Punks not dad">
Punks not dad

Punks Not Dad are a British comedy punk band who formed in Cardiff, Wales in late 2008. The four band members were all in their mid to late 40s when they formed and their songs are written from a middle-aged father's perspective referencing sheds, flat-pack furniture and Man Flu. The music they play is described as "Dad Punk".They are one of the leading bands of the mature musicians "Rock-Til-You-Drop" movement and were heavily featured in an article on the subject in The Times Newspaper during the Summer of 2010. Several of their videos have featured the Welsh TV presenter and actress Lisa Rogers.
Career.
The band was formed in 2008 by Sid Life Crisis and Johnny Cardigan. The former is also a member of the skiffle band Railroad Bill and the latter had been one half the comedy duo the Tracy Brothers alongside the novelist and actor Mark Billingham. The Tracy Brothers presented the Children's BBC TV series "What's That Noise!" and appeared in several of the original BBC Radio 1 series of "The Mary Whitehouse Experience". Cardigan and Life Crisis were brothers in law and discovered a shared love of 1977-style British punk rock. They started writing together via email as Cardigan lived in Brighton and Life Crisis in Cardiff. The other members, Joe Strimmer and Adrian Viles joined after the band was offered its first gig. Strimmer is also a member of Railroad Bill.
Punks Not Dad quickly recorded their first album "We Are The Dads" and were immediately signed by the independent label Boss Tuneage. The songs all deal with aspects of the middle-aged male condition, borrowing riffs from classic punk bands such as The Clash and Sham 69 in an attempt to speak for the same generation thirty years on. The album's title track expands the idea that the original punk generation now feels just as marginalised by young people as they once did by their own parents.
Several songs from the album received radio play including "Gaye Adverts Eyes" - played by Tom Robinson for BBC 6 Music - and dealing with Life Crisis' teenage crush on the bass player of 70s punk band The Adverts. The album was described as ""Genius"" by TV Smith the Adverts former lead singer.
In the summer of 2009 the band released their first single "In Me Shed" which was accompanied by a promotional video featuring TV presenter Lisa Rogers whom they met whilst being interviewed on Radio Wales in December 2009. The song won the award for Song of the Year at The Rock-Til-You-Drop Awards. The song was also made the "Official Anthem of the Shed of the Year 2009" by the Readers' Sheds website and was cited as the campaign song for novelist Chris Cleave's "Down with Kids" column in The Guardian in January 2010
During 2010 they performed at Glastonbury Festival and played regular gigs with bluegrass act Hayseed Dixie. In their live shows Punks Not Dad are noted for encouraging their audience to assemble an Ikea bedside table during their performance. The audience is also encouraged to write graffiti on the assembled table.
In July 2010 they were heavily featured in an article in the Times Newspaper which dealt with the emergence of new middle-aged rock and punk bands (for link see References below).
Three of their song lyrics ("The Boy Looked at Johnny, Gaye Advert's Eyes" and "Where is my Love Song?") were also included in the publication "Punk Rock Saved My Ass" - an anthology edited by Terena Scott and Jane Mackay.
In February 2011 a new video for the song "I Can't Get It Up" (an intentional double-entendre title, the song dealing with the erection of flatpack furniture) was released - again featuring Lisa Rogers. This video was intended to promote the band's four-track "Retail Therapy EP" released in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30993192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993192" title="Scipione Compagno">
Scipione Compagno

Scipione Compagno, an Italian painter, was born at Naples about 1624, and was still living in 1680. He was a pupil of A. Falcone and of Salvator Rosa, and his drawings are held in esteem. The Belvedere, Vienna, contains two works by him, the "Eruption of Vesuvius" and the "Beheading of St. Januarius".

</doc>
<doc id="30993194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993194" title="2010–11 Americas League">
2010–11 Americas League

The 2010–11 FIBA Americas League was played between December 9, 2010 and March 6, 2011. The Argentinian side Peñarol de Mar del Plata, was the defending champion. Regatas Corrientes, also from Argentina, won the title.

</doc>
<doc id="30993209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993209" title="Mid-Germany Railway">
Mid-Germany Railway

The Mid-Germany Railway () is a rail link between German states of Thuringia and Saxony. The central element of this link connects Chemnitz and Glauchau in the east via Gera and Jena to Weimar in the west. It includes the Dresden–Werdau line (between Chemnitz and Glauchau), the Glauchau–Gößnitz line, the Gera–Gößnitz line and the Weimar–Gera line.
It is part of a possible direct rail connection from the Ruhr and Frankfurt am Main via Eisenach, Erfurt, Weimar, Jena West, Jena-Göschwitz, Gera, Gößnitz, Werdau, Zwickau, Chemnitz as far as Dresden and offers an alternative route to the route currently used by long-distance traffic from Erfurt to Dresden via Leipzig.
History.
Before the division of Germany the Mid-German Railway was an important link between the industrial areas of Saxony and western Germany. It also formed an important connection with the Elster Valley Railway between Bohemia and western Germany.
During the time of East Germany, the line provided relief for the important lines running from Halle and Leipzig. In the euphoria immediately after German reunification, an extension of this route was planned, since it was now classified as an important link between western Saxony (Chemnitz) and western Germany. The connection was not actually listed under the legislation for the German Unity Transport Projects, but it was listed as a "priority" in the Federal Transport Infrastructure Plan of 1993. Priority was subsequently given, however, to the line via Leipzig. Nevertheless, InterRegio line 41 was established on the line providing a fast modern long-distance link. It offered a transfer-free connection between Chemnitz and Aachen at four hour intervals. Because of the lack of overhead contact wire between Gößnitz and Weimar, locomotive changes have been necessary in Weimar since 1995. Until May 1995, diesel locomotives ran from Erfurt to Bebra, as the electrification of the Neudietendorf–Bebra section of the Thuringian Railway was still not complete. The diesel power was provided by class 219 and 232 locomotives.
The initial euphoria over reunification era soon gave way to disillusion, as there was no money to for the project. For Gera, the second largest city in Thuringia, the upgrade was a matter of prestige, as it was the largest city in Germany without a double-track rail connection. This was followed by political disputes, and the benefit-cost ratio of the Nuremberg–Erfurt high-speed railway was also questioned.
Despite an agreement between Deutsche Bahn and the state of Thuringia of 15 May 1997 for the partial double-tracking of the line and upgrading of the line for tilting trains, a decision had already been taken that year to discontinue long-distance services on the line. The reason was a decision of Deutsche Bahn to abandon InterRegio traffic nationwide. In 1999, two years before the closing of long distance passenger services in 2001, scheduled freight traffic was closed between Gera and Weimar on the Mid-German Connection.
Further upgrade.
The first stage consists of upgrading the line to allow tilting trains to run at 140 km / h and the installation of electronic interlocking. Work was completed as follows: 2002, Weimar–Jena–Göschwitz; approximately 2006/07, Göschwitz–Gera–Ronneburg; approximately 2007/08, Ronneburg–Glauchau. According to the Federal Government, the completion of construction of the first stage is scheduled for 2012 (as of November 2008).
The second stage involves the extension of duplication for 160 km / h for tilting trains and the electrification of the line. This is classified as an "additional requirement" and was not included in the five-year plan (2006 to 2010). The single-track sections between Weimar and Großschwabhausen and between Neue Schenke and Stadtroda are due to be duplicated by 2014. The expansion plans and further prospects continue to be debated and are highly politicised.
Operations.
Since 2000, the former long-distance services have been replaced by Regional-Express services, using class 612 diesel multiple units, running every two hours. All trains that travel over the whole route operate as railcars with three sets combined from Göttingen via Gotha (where trains reverse) and Erfurt to Gößnitz, where the train is broken into its three sets. One set continues to Chemnitz and another to Zwickau. The third set runs back to Gera and sometimes to Gotha. Services between Glauchau and Weimar are scheduled to take about two hours.
Regionalbahn service use class 642 diesel multiple units. Many passengers use the service, especially students of the Friedrich Schiller University of Jena, who commute each day between the university and their homes. In addition Regionalbahn services run between Erfurt, Weimar, Jena and Gera, resulting in services at 30 to 40 minute intervals as far as Gera.
A problem for long-distance connections is the that Intercity-Express (ICE) services on the Munich–Nuremberg–Berlin route on the Saal Railway through the Saale valley do not stop at Jena-Göschwitz station (ICE trains stop instead at Jena Paradies), which prevents a direct transfer to services on the Mid-Germany Railway running to Chemnitz via Gera and Zwickau and to Erfurt via Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="30993210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993210" title="Clanis deucalion">
Clanis deucalion

Clanis deucalion is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from northern India and Nepal to central eastern China.
The wingspan is 104-124 mm.
Larvae have been recorded feeding on the introduced "Robinia pseudoacacia".

</doc>
<doc id="30993221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993221" title="2011–12 Dallas Stars season">
2011–12 Dallas Stars season

The 2011–12 Dallas Stars season is the 45th season (44th of play) for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on June 5, 1967, and 19th season (18th of play) since the franchise relocated to Dallas to start the 1993–94 NHL season.
The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fourth year in a row. This was the second consecutive season that the Stars finished with a winning record but did not qualify for the playoffs.
Off-Season.
On June 17, 2011, the Stars officially announced the hiring of Glen Gulutzan to be their new head coach. Gulutzan had been the head coach of the Stars' American Hockey League affiliate, the Texas Stars.
Regular Season.
The Stars' power play struggled during the regular season, as they finished 30th overall in power-play goals scored (33) and in power-play percentage (13.52%).
Playoffs.
The Stars failed to qualify for the 2012 NHL Playoffs.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Stars. Stats reflect time spent with the Stars only.
‡Traded mid-season
Bold/italics denotes franchise record
Final roster.
Updated June 2, 2012.<br>
Transactions.
The Stars have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season:
Draft picks.
The Stars' picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft in St. Paul, Minnesota. 

</doc>
<doc id="30993229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993229" title="Hersleb Vogt">
Hersleb Vogt

Hersleb Vogt (20 May 1912 – 9 November 1999) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Kristiania, and had the cand.jur. degree in law. He was hired in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1936. In 1949 he was hired as an embassy councellor in the United Kingdom. He served as the Norwegian ambassador to Japan from 1953 to 1958, to West Germany from 1958 to 1963, to Denmark from 1963 to 1967, to France from 1967 to 1973, to Sweden from 1973 to 1977 and France again from 1977 to 1980.
He was decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 1961. He died in November 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="30993235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993235" title="Tomáš Chovanec">
Tomáš Chovanec

Tomáš Chovanec (born 21 November 1987) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for the 2013 Malaysia Premier League club Betaria FC.

</doc>
<doc id="30993239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993239" title="Joel Gordon">
Joel Gordon

Joel Gordon (born November 15, 1975) is a Canadian actor, producer and director.
Early life.
As a teenager growing up in Scarborough, Joel Gordon received the Harry Jerome Award for the Arts for his work as a young actor. After studying acting at York University, Gordon made his professional stage debut as an actor in George F. Walker's play "Heaven", and appeared on the front cover of "Eye Weekly" on June 4, 2002 for his role as Romeo in "Romeo/Juliet Remixed".
Career.
As actor.
Gordon's first movie appearance as an actor was in "Rude", which was screened at Cannes.
In 2008, Gordon appeared in "Max Payne" as the character Owen Green. Also in 2008, Gordon produced and directed the award-winning television documentary "Embracing da Kink", which won the 2008 Golden Sheaf Award for best Documentary in the Arts/Culture category at the Yorkton Film Festival.
As producer.
Joel Gordon's work as a television producer has earned three Gemini nominations from the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television.
One of Gordon's most notable television biographies was a 48-minute documentary on Margaret Atwood entitled "Turning Pages: The Life and Literature of Margaret Atwood".
In 2012, he co-created and started production on "Love is Moving", a TV series that aired on NRB Network and on Global Television Network in 2013. The television series follows young people who participate in the Love Movement curriculum and then put love into action in their communities.
Gordon's work outside of film and television.
Along with Benjamin Porter in 2010, Gordon co-founded Love Movement, which is a Christian organization, movement and curriculum that promotes a greater understanding of love and how it can be applied through loving God, and loving others. The first national partner to join Love Movement in shaping the curriculum is World Vision Canada. The official launch date for Love Movement is February 14, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30993248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993248" title="Lovro Artuković">
Lovro Artuković

Lovro Artuković (born in 1959 in Zagreb) is a contemporary Croatian painter and graphic artist who primarily paints large scale figurative canvases. He lives and works in Berlin, Germany.
Artistic career.
For nine years, until 2003, he worked as an assistant professor at the Academy of Fine Arts, University of Zagreb. He then moved to Berlin where he still works as a freelance artist. 
His painting style is based on the theme of intimism and explores the figurative using the iconography of urban civilisation. In the 1980s many of his works focused on portraiture and the artist's wife figures as the most prominent sitter. His works then developed through the 1990s, although never directly painting the war which he experienced, (Croatian War Independence) his self-portraits and portraits of couples of this period reflected an atmosphere of war. After 2000, Artuković created a series of "Votive Paintings", which used real characters reconfigured into allegorical scenes. The characters in these Votive Paintings would wear written messages on their clothes for example, in the painting "64", (2006), Artuković paints himself wearing a T-Shirt upon which is written "God How I Love Botticelli". One of the artist's best known, and most controversial works is called, "the Signing of the declaration of the unification of Western Herzegovina and Popovo Polje with the Republic of Croatia (Wer hat das bier bestellt?)" (2008). The making of this painting features in Igor Mirković's film "L.A. Unfinished". 
His works are kept in gallery institutions and many private collections such as that of Neda Young, New York, the Filip Trade Collection, Zagreb and the Essl Museum of Contemporary Art, Vienna.
Exhibitions and Awards.
He has had numerous group and solo exhibitions, including: 
Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="30993256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993256" title="In Kind Direct">
In Kind Direct

In Kind Direct is a charity in the United Kingdom founded in 1996 by HRH Prince Charles. The charity redistributes surplus goods from manufacturers and retailers to UK charities working both domestically and abroad. In Kind Direct is one of The Prince's Charities, which is the largest multi-cause charitable enterprise in the United Kingdom.
Since foundation in 1996, the charity has redistributed £130 million in value of goods from over 925 companies. 6,600 voluntary and community organisations have received products via In Kind Direct, helping millions of people in need.
Operations.
In Kind Direct provides a single contact point for companies with goods to donate. The charity has the infrastructure to accept large quantities of goods and then store, sort and deliver them to charities. In Kind Direct accepts all kinds of stock including: end of lines, slight seconds, samples, items with damaged packaging and returns. In Kind Direct uses an online catalogue which resembles a commercial retail website, but is only accessible to non-profit organisations.
The charity has a dual agenda: it seeks to divert usable goods from being wasted or land filled for environmental benefit, but in doing so it releases additional resource to the charity sector.
Brand protection issues.
In Kind Direct addresses brand protection concerns by thoroughly vetting all organisations within its network and monitoring distribution carefully to ensure products are used for good. Charities are not allowed to sell, trade, barter or fundraise with the goods received through In Kind Direct.
In addition, the charity conducts spot checks and is vigilant in investigating any possible breaches of these rules.
Examples of donors.
Donors to In Kind Direct include:
ACCO UK,
Lush,
Adidas,
Mattel,
Amazon,
McBride,
Austin Reed,
Mitre,
B3 International,
Mothercare,
Beiersdorf UK, 
New Balance,
Berghaus,
Next,
Black & Decker,
Portmeirion Pottery,
Boots Group,
Procter & Gamble,
Bunzl,
Reckitt Benckiser,
Cleenol Group,
Ricoh,
Colgate Palmolive,
Sara Lee Corporation,
Disney,
SCA Tissue Europe,
Ellesse,
Staples,
GlaxoSmithKline,
Taylors of Harrogate,
Home Retail Group,
The Body Shop Foundation
JD Sports,
Unilever UK,
Johnson & Johnson,
Usborne Publishing,
Kickers,
The North Face,
Kimberly-Clark,
Vivid Imaginations,
L’Oréal.
International network.
In 2010 the “Global Network of In Kind Direct“ was founded under the presidency of HRH the Prince of Wales. Besides In Kind Direct itself there are (up to now) two other organizations represented in the network: The German charity Innatura, active since 2013, and the French Non-Profit organization Dons Solidaires, which was founded in 2004. All three organizations are financially and structurally independent charities that raise in kind donations for redistributing them to social projects. Nevertheless, the network members share knowledge, skills and lessons learned in many ways. Also there is a mutual exchange of donors which may not be redistributed within the partner network of one of the charities. I.e. if there are donors that In Kind Direct cannot distribute to a UK charity (because of lack of need f.e.) it will offer the donors to Innatura and Dons Solidaires so that they can find out whether there is demand for those goods within their partner network or not.

</doc>
<doc id="30993259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993259" title="1998 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship">
1998 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship

The 1998 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship (known at that time as 1998 European Championship for Men 'Under22 and Under') was the fourth edition of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. The city of Trapani, in Italy, hosted the tournament. Yugoslavia won their first title.
Preliminary round.
The twelve teams were allocated in two groups of six teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="30993261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993261" title="Jahn Brochmann Halvorsen">
Jahn Brochmann Halvorsen

Jahn Brochmann Halvorsen (1916–1976) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Hadsel, and had the cand.oecon. degree in economics. He was hired in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1951. He was a councillor at the Norwegian NATO and OEEC embassy in Paris from 1955 to 1960 and a deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1960 to 1965. He served as the Norwegian ambassador to Belgium, and also Luxembourg and the European Community, from 1965 to 1973, and then to France from 1973 to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="30993285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993285" title="Sphaerularia bombi">
Sphaerularia bombi

Sphaerularia bombi is an entomopathogenic nematode. It is parasite of bumblebees. It infects and sterilizes gynes or potential queens of bumblebees.
Life Cycle.
"Sphaerularia bombi" is a nematode that infects hibernating bumblebees. Bumblebees start seeking out a hibernation site for the winter season during fall and autumn. "S. bombi" would cause the infected bee multiple fail attempts to burrow into the ground, and with each fail attempt hundreds of 3rd stage larvae would be discharged from the bee’s anal opening. The larvae would eventually develop into the 4th larvae stage, this is the period where the infected bee dies. When a healthy bee finds its hibernation site, the 3rd stage larvae would infect the bee by penetrating it. The bee emerges to the surface during the spring season, and by that time the nematodes has developed into a mature female producing eggs within the bumblebee; 1st larvae stage. The eggs then hatches and molts into the 2nd larvae stage, which then rapidly molts into the 3rd larvae; the 3rd larvae stage is the infective stage for "S. bombi". These 3rd stage larvae would be in the bee’s hemocoel, midgut, and hindgut.
Morphology.
Once in the host, the uterus and other related reproductive counterparts of the female "S. bombi" turn inside out, allowing for the uterine cells to stretch out and expand into a sac. The sac, also known as a prolapsed uterus, is composed of an ovary, oviduct, and sperm, and is found all over the body of the parasite. These “bumps” on the parasite’s body bulge into bigger sacs to create a larger surface area for absorbing nutrients from the host via pinocytosis. Once absorbed, the nutrients are digested and delivered through the ovary-oviduct to the eggs. Developing eggs from the uterine sac develop into third-stage juveniles once they disperse into the host’s hemocoel. Although the eggs develop, there is no apparent growth of the parasite that initially produced the eggs.

</doc>
<doc id="30993286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993286" title="List of association football clubs in New Zealand">
List of association football clubs in New Zealand

This is a list of association football clubs in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="30993291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993291" title="Tis Hazari Courts Complex">
Tis Hazari Courts Complex

Tis Hazari Courts Complex established in 1958, is one of the six District Courts that functions under Delhi High Court and continues to be the principal Court building in the state of Delhi. Over 50,000 litigants visit the court complex everyday. 
The complex situated in the Tis Hazari area, also houses the Treasury of the Government of N.C.T. of Delhi, State Bank of India, Post Office apart from five libraries for lawyers and one library for Judicial Officers. 
History.
Tis Hazari Courts Building was inaugurated in 1958, though in the earlier days, Tis Hazari was the only District Level courts complex in Delhi -- At Present, Tis Hazari Houses only Courts having their jurisdiction over Central Delhi, North Delhi, West Delhi. Courts having their jurisdiction upon other parts of Delhi have been gradually shifted to other courts complexes which have come up in various parts of Delhi like in 2006 Rohini Court complex was established which has courts having jurisdiction over North West Delhi and Outer Delhi.
In 2010 Saket Courts Complex was established which has courts having their jurisdiction over South and South East Delhi. There are other courts complexes also which have come up in recent years like Dwarka Courts complex.
Bar Association.
The Bar Association housed in Tis hazari is known as the Delhi Bar Association or DBA. It is one of the oldest as well as the largest Bar Association in India.
Politics.
The District Court at Tishazari has produced the great lawyer leaders of our country. Maharaj Kishan Jaitley father of Mr. Arun Jaitley is one of the famous leader of 60's. Present day senior and consistent leaders of Tis Hazari include Mr.Rajiv Khosla, Mr. Mr. R.N.Vats, Mr.Ved Prakash Sharma and the leaders who have graduated themselves from Tis Hazari to High Court are Mr. Rakesh Tiku, Mr. D.K.Sharma, Mr. Prasanta Varma. Other young and veteran leaders include Mr. Nitin Alhawat, Mr. Surya Prakash Khatri, Mr. Murari Tiwari, Mr. Abhaya Verma, Mr.Rajesh Mishra, Mr. Sanjeev Nasiar, Mr. Jaiveer Singh Chauhan, Mr. Surender Chauhan, Mr. Dalip Kumar Rana, Narender Kumar Sharma, Rajinder Kumar Sharma, Mr.Rajeev Rathee etc.
Transport.
The complex is serviced by the Tis Hazari station on the Red Line of the Delhi Metro.
It is also well connected with the DTC bus services and also feeder buses are connecting Patiala House Courts and Karkardooma Courts to Tis Hazari Courts complex.

</doc>
<doc id="30993294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993294" title="National Food Survey (India)">
National Food Survey (India)

The National Food Survey is a syndicated, multi-year study of food habits and consumption across urban India, conducted bi-annually by IMRB International. The last round of the National Food Survey was conducted in September 2007.
NFS is one of the most comprehensive studies in terms of categories, and information coverage, providing baseline information on food purchase behavior. The Food survey collects information on 55 varied product categories ranging from breakfast cereals to ready-to-eat foods and provides a range of information on variables such as category penetration, frequency of purchase, trial and usage of brands and barriers to adoption of certain food categories. The study also captures information on media, demographic, and kitchen related variables.
The Food Survey is not to be confused with a similarly named government social survey conducted by the British government. Unlike the British National Food Survey it does not provide information for economic planning, and is primarily a research tool for food marketers.

</doc>
<doc id="30993295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993295" title="Irish and Proud of It (film)">
Irish and Proud of It (film)

Irish and Proud of It is a 1936 British-Irish comedy film directed by Donovan Pedelty and starring Richard Hayward, Dinah Sheridan and Liam Gaffney. A popular London-based Irish singer announces one evening how much he would love to go home to his home village in rural Ireland. For a prank, some of his friends take him up on this offer. He is kidnapped and desposited on a wild moor. He returns to the village of his youth, slightly disorentated, and battles an American gangster who has taken control of the settlement.
It was made at Wembley Studios as a quota quickie for release by the British subsidiary of Paramount Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="30993299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993299" title="Jabal es Saaïdé">
Jabal es Saaïdé

Jabal es Saaïdé (), Jabal es Saaide, Jabal as Sa`idah, Jabal as Sa`īdah, Jebal Saaidé, Jebel Saaidé or Jabal Saaidé is a Mountain in Lebanon near the inhabited village of Saaïdé, approximately northeast of Baalbek, Lebanon.
Saaidé I & Saaidé II are archaeological sites of note in this area. In the summer of 1966, the Lebanese Army dug a trench at Saaidé I, and recovered a large number of tools and lithics including sickles, grinders, scrapers, chisels, awls and blades suggested to date to the PPNB or PPNA. Jacques Besançon & Francis Hours later discovered a Palaeolithic layer below the Neolithic level, recovering knives, arrowheads, scrapers and retouched blades along with a fragment of a small, flat, cutting axe.
Saaidé II, almost in size, was first excavated in 1969 by Bruce Schroeder from the University of Toronto who found the site badly damaged by modern agriculture. Investigations have recovered a wide range of mortars and pestles, scrapers, chisels, borers, retouched microliths, geometric and non-geometric microliths. One grave was found with some tiny skull fragments from an adult aged 45–50 years. Local fauna consisted of turtles, birds (duck, goose, eagle) and mammals (badger, lynx, deer, ox, gazelle, sheep and goat). Jebal Saaidé is the only pre-agricultural village found in Lebanon to date. Inhabitants seem to have hunted different animals including lynx, red deer, gazelle, and some aquatic and migratory birds.

</doc>
<doc id="30993301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993301" title="Pascal Aubier">
Pascal Aubier

Pascal Aubier is a French actor, director, script writer, producer and editor, born in 1943 in Paris, France.
Filmography.
Note.
Pascal Aubier in his official website, adds, humorously, the following titles: 1925: "Battleship Potemkin" by Sergei Eisenstein (baby in the pram); 1939: "Gone with the Wind" by Victor Fleming

</doc>
<doc id="30993303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993303" title="Clanis hyperion">
Clanis hyperion

Clanis hyperion is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from southern China (Yunnan) to northern Thailand and north-eastern India.
Adults are on wing from March to October in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="30993315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993315" title="Ivan Reitmayer">
Ivan Reitmayer

Ivan Reitmayer is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30993316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993316" title="Clanis schwartzi">
Clanis schwartzi

Clanis schwartzi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from central and southern China to northern Laos and northern Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="30993324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993324" title="Sunday magazine">
Sunday magazine

A Sunday magazine is a publication inserted into a Sunday newspaper. It also has been known as a Sunday supplement, Sunday newspaper magazine or Sunday magazine section. Traditionally, the articles in these magazines cover a wide range of subjects, and the content is not as current and timely as the rest of the newspaper.
19th century.
With the rise of rotogravure printing in the 19th century, Sunday magazines offered better reproduction of photographs, and their varied contents could include columns, serialized novels, short fiction, illustrations, cartoons, puzzles and assorted entertainment features.
Janice Hume, instructor in journalism history at Kansas State University, noted, "The early Sunday magazines were latter 19th-century inventions and really linked to the rise of the department store and wanting to get those ads to women readers."
In 1869, the "San Francisco Chronicle" published what is regarded as the first Sunday magazine, and the "Chicago Inter Ocean" added color to its supplement. "The New York Times Magazine" was published on September 6, 1896, and it contained the first photographs ever printed in that newspaper. During the 1890s, publications were inserted into Joseph Pulitzer's "New York World" and William Randolph Hearst's "New York Journal". Hearst had the eight-page "Women's Home Journal" and the 16-page "Sunday American Magazine", which later became "The American Weekly". In November 1896, Morrill Goddard, editor of the "New York Journal" from 1896 to 1937, launched Hearst's Sunday magazine, later commenting, "Nothing is so stale as yesterday's newspaper, but "The American Weekly" may be around the house for days or weeks and lose none of its interest."
20th century.
Joseph P. Knapp published the "Associated Sunday Magazine" from 1903 to 1905. His "Every Week", published between 1915 and 1918, reached a circulation of more than 550,000. This was, however, not a Sunday magazine—because it appeared separately on newsstands on Monday mornings.
"The National Sunday Magazine" was published on a semimonthly basis during the early part of the 20th century by the Abbott & Briggs Company.
The "New York Herald Tribune Sunday Magazine" began in 1927. "This Week" magazine was launched February 24, 1935. At its peak in 1963, "This Week" was distributed with 42 Sunday newspapers having a total circulation of 14.6 million. Prior to 1942, it was similar to the Sunday "Grit" Story Section, in that it carried 80% fiction. "This Week" dropped serials in 1940, and in 1942, it shifted the balance to 52% articles and 48% fiction. The magazine was discontinued in 1969. 
Founded in 1941, "Parade" became the most widely read magazine in the United States with a circulation of 32.4 million and a readership of nearly 72 million.
"Family Weekly" was circulated in smaller cities and towns beginning in 1953. It was later incorporated into "USA Weekend", which began in 1985. By the 1990s, more than half of American newspapers carried "USA Weekend" or "Parade". "USA Weekend", which reported a 22 million circulation in the 1990s, could be inserted into Friday, Saturday or Sunday newspapers, while "Parade" restricted distribution only to Sunday papers.
In 1977, "The Washington Post"'s Sunday supplement, "Potomac Magazine", became "The Washington Post Magazine".
In 1994, "Parade" began "React" magazine, aimed at middle-schoolers. It was offered only to "Parade"-subscribing newspapers. After five years, "React" was in 225 newspapers with over four million circulation. Newspapers used "React" in their Newspapers in Education programs.

</doc>
<doc id="30993325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993325" title="List of football clubs in Nicaragua">
List of football clubs in Nicaragua

This is a list of football (soccer) clubs in Nicaragua categorised by region and the divisions they play in

</doc>
<doc id="30993329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993329" title="Soai reaction">
Soai reaction

Soai reaction is alkylation of pyrimidine-5-carbaldehyde by diisopropylzinc. The product pyrimidyl alcohol acts as an autocatalyst, and with low enantiomeric excess yield product with very high enantiomeric excess.
The Japanese chemist Kenso Soai (1950–) discovered the reaction in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="30993345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993345" title="Naas Racecourse">
Naas Racecourse

Naas Racecourse is a horse racing venue in Naas, County Kildare, Ireland, approximately 18 miles from Dublin. The course stages both Flat racing and National Hunt racing and in 2010 fifteen race meetings were held there.
The Naas Races Company was formed in 1922 and the first meeting at the course was held on 19 June 1924. The course is left-handed with an uphill finish and a long run-in.
Naas stages several Grade Two National Hunt races, including the Slaney Novice Hurdle, Nas Na Riogh Novice Chase and the Johnstown Novice Hurdle, and one Group Three flat race, the Blue Wind Stakes. Another flat race, the Fillies' Sprint Stakes, held Group Three status from 2006 to 2010.
Amongst horses that have taken part in races at Naas are Ragusa, the 1963 Irish Derby and Eclipse Stakes winner, and Arkle, winner of the Cheltenham Gold Cup in 1964, 1965 and 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="30993350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993350" title="Macushla (film)">
Macushla (film)

Macushla (a.k.a. Unauthorised Road) is a 1940 British drama film directed by Alex Bryce and starring Liam Gaffney, Pamela Wood and Jimmy Mageean. The plot concerns a crackdown on an arms smuggling operation across the Northern Irish border.

</doc>
<doc id="30993368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993368" title="Clanis titan">
Clanis titan

Clanis titan is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from India and Nepal east and south through Myanmar and south-western China (Yunnan) to Thailand, Vietnam and Peninsular Malaysia.
The wingspan is 128-148 mm.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Pterocarpus marsupium" in India and "Dalbergia olivieri" in Laos and Thailand. 

</doc>
<doc id="30993369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993369" title="Miloje Preković">
Miloje Preković

Miloje Preković (, (born 7 June 1991) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Mladost Lučani.
MFK Košice.
He made his debut for MFK Košice against Spartak Trnava on 27 April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30993373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993373" title="List of football clubs in Niger">
List of football clubs in Niger

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Niger.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Niger"

</doc>
<doc id="30993375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993375" title="Gwerful Fychan">
Gwerful Fychan

Gwerful Fychan (fl.1420-1490) was a poet during the period of the Welsh "Beirdd yr Uchelwyr" during the late Middle Ages. She came from a noble family, her full name in genealogies being given as Gwerful ferch Ieuan Fychan ap Ieuan ap Hywel y Gadair ap Gruffudd ap Madog ap Rhirid Flaidd, and was the heiress of the mansion of Caer-Gai, near Llanuwchllyn, Merioneth. The name Fychan was later anglicised as "Vaughan".
Gwerful was married to Tudur Penllyn, a drover and wool-trader but also a notable poet, and their son Ieuan also wrote poetry which survives in a number of sources. They may also have had a daughter, Gwenllian, though her poetic abilities have been harder to prove.
No work definitely ascribed to Gwerful Fychan is known to survive, but the "cywydd" titled "Cywydd y March Glas" (the Grey Horse), sometimes ascribed either to Gwerful Mechain or Tudur Aled, has been suggested as her work. Some early antiquaries confuse her with Gwerful Mechain, who was a contemporary. Her memory persisted in the area of Llanuwchllyn as late as the 20th century and a variety of traditional verses were claimed as by her.

</doc>
<doc id="30993386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993386" title="Spread Research">
Spread Research

Spread Research is an independent credit research company focused on European high yield, European convertible and Emerging Market corporate bond issuers. The company was created in 2004, is incorporated in France and has a presence in the United Kingdom and the United States.
Business Model.
Spread Research’s business model is centred on providing independent analysis on corporate debt issuers and credit ratings similar to those given by the rating agencies. Such research is provided in three different ways: by Credit Rating Agencies (paid by both the issuers and investors); by the investment banks who use their research to promote their trading and investment banking operations; by in-house analysts at asset management firms.
Spread Research is an independent research provider which is paid for by fixed-income investors to publish conflict-free research. The company does not have any trading or credit exposure. Spread Research's clients are asset managers, credit funds, banks mainly based in the United Kingdom, France, Switzerland and the United States.
Regulatory Framework.
The company is self-regulated under the French Regulatory Authority AMF (Autorité des Marchés Financiers), is a founding member of the CAFI (Compagnie des Analystes Financiers Indépendants) which represents the interests of independent financial analysts with the AMF in France. In the United States, Spread Research received, on February 2011, the trademarked Investorside Seal of Approval after being accepted as a member of the Investorside Research Association. The Investorside Seal certifies that Spread Research is free of investment banking, consulting, and research-for-hire conflicts.
Awards.
Spread Research has been awarded "Top 5 Best Credit Research" by Credit Magazine in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30993393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993393" title="Hoogovensmuseum">
Hoogovensmuseum

The Hoogovensmuseum is a museum located on the northern side of the North Sea Canal sluice gates at IJmuiden, in the former "buizengieterij" (pipe making factory) of Hoogovens on the Buizenweg in Velsen-Noord. It overlooks the binnenkanaal where water was pumped up to use for cooling. The former cooling bath house has been converted to an exhibition space. 
History.
The museum was opened in 2009 by the Stichting Industrieel Erfgoed Hoogovens (SIEHO) in order to preserve the industrial heritage of this historic steel producing site. The museum is sponsored by the current owner, Tata Steel.
The museum is open Tuesdays and Thursdays from 10:00 to 16:00. It is also open whenever the Corus Steam train is running. Admission is 2 euros (children under 16 free). Group tours can be booked on request. Parking is available in front of the museum, but it is also listed on the "Holland Route", a bicycling tour of Industrial monuments in the greater Amsterdam area.

</doc>
<doc id="30993394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993394" title="Battle of Avay">
Battle of Avay

The Battle of Avaí was fought by the stream of the same name in Paraguayan territory in December 1868 during the Paraguayan War, between the forces the Triple Alliance and the Paraguay.
It was one of the battles fought during the conflict known as December, when it recorded a series of victories achieved by Caxias in that month, to move toward the south to take Piquissiri behind, namely: the battles of Itororó, Avai, Valentinas Lomas and Angostura.
On the night of December 10, 1868, 9,000 men of the Brazilian Army camped at Ipanema Porto, Paraguayan territory. At dawn, Caxias ordered to march toward the town of Villeta, Paraguayans, in equal numbers, standing at the bridge south of the creek Avai. After the victory, the Brazilian troops came to rest in Villeta, the river Paraguay.
During the melee, the Paraguayan forces fought tenaciously, but was surrounded by a flank movement and shattered. Only 100 Paraguayans, including Gen. Bernardino Caballero, managed to escape. The oral tradition refers to the Paraguayan participation of hundreds of women between the combatants.
The Battle.
It was necessary to take Angustura and Vileta and make the connection with the squadron to receive supplies. At dawn on 11 December, the Army continues its advance into the South
"The commander in chief, convinced of the importance of fighting the 6th, the resistance that the enemy had made the bridge decided not to lose the initiative to pursue vigorously its withdrawal. Having slept on the night of 6 to 7, on the battlefield, rose before daybreak to order provisions of march. "
Would have to cross the stream Avai: but on that waterline, cleverly leveraging the advantages of the land, there was again General Caballero, with 7,000 men and 18 artillery pieces, repeating the device bridge Itororó.
"Interferes from this brief description that the Brazilian had first to descend the stream, then transpose it and finally climb the hill opposite to dislodge the enemy. These should be in an excellent position to repel the attackers or during the march approach, both in the loading phase "
It is marked and quickly recognized the position of Caballero.
Caxias decide without delay goes up to the attack, initiated by Osorio, in the center.
The Paraguayans - with their traditional bravery - resist.
At the most difficult time, falls on the battlefield violent squall: floods up the land, growing the volume of the stream, water is the ammunition of the attacking force, and the Brazilians had to resort to the weapon.
Fight on every corner, with indescribable enthusiasm and bravery Homeric!
A load, drops dead, the cold iron, Lieutenant Colonel Francisco de Lima e Silva, then Lt. Col. Pedro Antonio de Oliveira and Colonel Niederauer, the ground is littered with heroes.
Caxias, from his observatory on horseback, and near the front lines, accompanies all bids and command combat.
He himself, in a moment, commands a personal violent intervention of the 2nd Corps on the right flank of the position.
Osorio is wounded in the face by rifle bullet.
José Luiz Mena Barreto is a battering ram, opening gaps.
Colonel House - ahead of his cavalry - seems a figure caption in entreveros consecutive surrounded by squadrons battle it out. When going through the marshal, with his horsemen restive, Caxias promotes:
"- General, praise him for his brilliant loads! ..."
Andrade Neves and João Manuel Mena Barreto, running the final phase of the maneuver - each on one of the flanks of the position - arrive at the right time and desferem their fatal blows.
The resistance weakens and the position is raptured. The fight lasted five hours.
Caxias reaches one by one their goals in a victorious march with his name glorious immortality heroes.

</doc>
<doc id="30993395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993395" title="List of football clubs in Nigeria">
List of football clubs in Nigeria

This is a list of association football clubs located in Nigeria.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Nigeria"

</doc>
<doc id="30993398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993398" title="Bizarre (band)">
Bizarre (band)

Bizarre are a rock band from Blanes, Catalonia, Spain. They are best known in their country by their 2006 hit single "Sé", which is widely played not only in Catalonia and Spain but also in some Latin American countries.
Although their songs are mostly sung in Spanish, several of them have been also recorded in Catalan ("Sé", "Difícil d'oblidar", "No és massa tard", "T'amagues"...), English ("Alone in NY" and some unreleased demos) and Italian ("So").
Bizarre have released up to date two albums: their debut "Bizarre" (Mass Records, 2006) and "Zero" (Mass Records, 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="30993401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993401" title="Ján Brejčák">
Ján Brejčák

Ján Brejčák (born June 29, 1989) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30993405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993405" title="Claude Dampier">
Claude Dampier

Claude Dampier (1879-1955) was a British film actor. He was born in Clapham as Claud Conolly Cowan.

</doc>
