<doc id="31129875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129875" title="Pieter T">
Pieter T

Pieter Tuhoro (born 1987), known by his stage name Pieter T, is a New Zealand R&B singer and music producer. He was originally a member in the short lived music group, Boyband in 2006. Pieter T made his solo musical debut in 2009 with the single "Cold Nights" followed by the singles, "Stay With Me", "Can't Stop Loving You" and "Something Else" which peaked at number six on the NZ Radio Charts. His latest release is the single the "Business" feat. PNC and Dei Hamo off his debut album Life, Love and Lessons.
Career.
In 2006, Pieter won a radio station competition on The Edge (radio station) to become a member in a manufactured New Zealand boy band. As part of the group he was given the nickname,(Hot Boy). Since the band disbanded in late 2006, he has been the only member to continue pursuing a music career.
In late 2008, Pieter met NZ urban artist Chong Nee who co-signed him to Kog Mastering / trading as Handmade Records. Kog Studio quickly starting working alongside him as he brought in producers such as Rahxx, Paurini Wiringi and David Nesian to create tracks for his debut album.
Album.
Pieter moved to Auckland City from Hamilton in 2009. He is signed to Handmade Records.
"Life, Love and Lessons" is his first studio album.
He commented on the writing process for the album:
'Life, Love and Lessons' includes collaborations with artists and producers including, Chong Nee, Aaradhna, PNC, Dei Hamo, The Truth, Vince Harder and Rachel Fraser. Pieter writes his own songs, he has also musically produced each track on the album.
Pieter's first self released single 'Cold Nights' is still heavily requested on NZ radio. The summer release 'Business' leapt up the charts without a music video. 'Can't Stop Loving You', peaked at number 9 on the radio charts. The single 'Something Else' hit the charts peaking at #6. His latest single is "Let You Go".
The entire album was recorded Mixed and mastered at Kog Studio, in Auckland. It was released on 20 June 2010.
Due to demand he will be touring with Dei Hamo and Smashproof nationwide in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31129880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129880" title="Billabong Pro Jeffreys Bay">
Billabong Pro Jeffreys Bay

Billabong Pro Jeffreys Bay is an event on the ASP World Surfing Tour. The event is held every year at Jeffreys Bay in Eastern Cape, South Africa. Inaugural winner Kelly Slater has the most victories with 4.

</doc>
<doc id="31129911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129911" title="The Mayors">
The Mayors

The Mayors is a 2004 Nigerian drama film written, produced & directed by Dickson Iroegbu, and starring Richard Mofe-Damijo, Sam Dede, Segun Arinze & Mike Ezuruonye. The film won 5 awards at the maiden edition of the African Movie Academy Awards in 2005, including the awards for "Best Picture", "Best Screenplay", "Best Director", "Best Actor in a Lead Role" and "Best Support Actor".

</doc>
<doc id="31129932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129932" title="Charles Pellegrini">
Charles Pellegrini

Charles Henri Pellegrini (28 July 1800 – 12 October 1875) was a French Argentine engineer, lithographer, painter, and architect.
Life and work.
Charles Henri Pellegrini was born in Chambéry, Savoie, France, in 1800. His mother, Marguerite Berthet, was French, and his father, Bernardo Pellegrini, was from Canton Ticino, Switzerland. Pellegrini was a talented sketch artist at an early age, and his drawings earned a prize while he was still in primary school. He enrolled at the University of Turin and later at the École Polytechnique, near Paris, where he earned an engineering degree.
Pellegrini was contracted as an engineer by Juan Larrea, a prominent Spanish Argentine merchant with interest in Bordeaux, by request of President Bernardino Rivadavia, and he arrived in Buenos Aires in November 1828. He took a post in the Hydraulic Engineering Department. The bureau, however, was decommissioned in 1829 by order of the Governor of Buenos Aires, General Juan José Viamonte.
He then returned to his early talent, drawing, and sold a number of watercolour paintings, notably cityscape impressions. He was hired by his fellow countryman, journalist and lithographer César Hipólito Bacle, in October 1830 as a portrait painter, and by the end of his commission in September 1831, he had earned around 17,000 pesos (around US$700). He continued to live as a successful lithographer and painter until 1837, when he purchased an estancia, "La Figura", in Cañuelas.
He married María Bevans Bright in 1841, and the couple had four children. His wife was the daughter of Anglo Argentine engineer James Bevans, who had been Pellegrini's supervisor at the Hydraulic Engineering Department years earlier. That year, he and Luis Aldana founded the "Lithograph of the Arts," an atelier and printing house. He subsequently installed his own press at his downtown Buenos Aires home, and remained mostly at "La Figura".
Following the overthrow of Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas in 1852, Pellegrini returned to Buenos Aires, founded the "Revista del Plata" (1853), and received numerous contracts as an engineer and architect. The most notable of his works in this latter field was the Colón Theatre. The 2,500 seat opera house, inaugurated in 1857, would be the largest in Argentina until the inaugural of the modern Colón Theatre in 1908.
Pellegrini published a volume of poetry in his later years. He died in Buenos Aires in 1875, at age 75. His eldest son, Carlos Pellegrini, was elected Vice President of Argentina in 1886, and became President in 1890. Many of Pellegrini's watercolours are housed in the National Museum of Fine Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="31129940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129940" title="Sun Qichang">
Sun Qichang

Sun Qichang (; Hepburn: "Son Kishō"; 1885–1954), was a politician in the early Republic of China who subsequently served as a cabinet minister in the Empire of Manchukuo.
Biography.
A native of Liaoyang Liaoning Province, Sun studied at the Tokyo University of Education in Tokyo, Japan. After his return to China, he served as principal to the Mukden Commercial Higher School in Shenyang, and was subsequently secretary to the Provincial Army of Heilongjiang. In July 1920, he was appointed chairmain of the Education Board of Heilongjiang Province. From July 1921, he received an appointment from the Beiyang Government as a diplomat to negotiate with foreign powers in Kirin Province. Following Manchurian warlord Zhang Xueliang’s reappproachment with the central government in late 1928, Sun was appointed a member of the Kirin Provincial Assembly, and was promoted to become director of the Construction Ministry of the same province the following year.
Following the Mukden Incident in 1931, Sun allied himself with Xi Qia and his efforts to form a new government for Kirin Province independent of the Republic of China. This was effected from 30 September 1931 and he accepted a position in the Finance Ministry of Kirin Province as Director of the Spirits and Tobacco State Monopoly.
In April 1932, under the new State of Manchukuo, Sun continued to serve in the Finance Ministry, but in June 1933 was appointed governor of Heilongjiang Province. The following year, with the creation of the new province of Longjiang, he was transferred to become governor of that province. In January 1935, Sun was appointed to the cabinet-level post of Minister of Finance of the Empire of Manchukuo, which he held only to May 1935. From May 1935 to May 1940, he served as Minister of Civil Affairs. Afterwards he was appointed to the Privy Council, but was relieved of his duties in September 1942 over disagreements with the government on economic policy.
Following the Soviet invasion of Manchuria, he went into hiding in Shenyang, and later in Beijing, but was discovered after the establishment of the People's Republic of China in February 1951. He was executed in Beijing in 1954 at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="31129955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129955" title="Pulkal">
Pulkal

Pulkal () is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Pulkal mandal includes: Baswapur, Bommareddygudem, Chakriyal, Choutkur, Gangojipet, Gongloore, Hunnapur, Isojipet,
Kodur, Korpole, Lakshmi Sagar, Manthoor, Minpur, Muddaipet, Mudimanik, Peddareddipet, Pocharam, Pulkal, Raipahad, Singoor, Sivampet, Sulthanpur, Sureddi Itkyal, Upparigudem, Vendikole, Venkata Kistapur etc.
Temples.
A new temple has been constructed in the village of Kodur, Pulkal mandal and has been named as Sri Uma Naga Lingeshwara Devalayam.

</doc>
<doc id="31129987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129987" title="List of arteries">
List of arteries

Aa. is the medical abbreviation for "arteria", or artery.
Each of the following is an artery in whose name use of the Aa. abbreviation is appropriate:

</doc>
<doc id="31129998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129998" title="Andole">
Andole

Andole () is a mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India located about 33 kilometers from Medak and 60 kilometers from Hyderabad.
Villages.
Villages in Andole mandal include: Aksanpalle, Almaipet, Andole, Annasagar,brahmanpalle, Chintakunta, Dakoor, Jogipet, Kamsanpalle, Kichanapalle, Kodekal, Mansanpalle, Masanpalle, Nadlapur, Neerdigunta, Posanipet, Pothareddipalle, Ramsanpalle, Rollapahad, Saibanpet, Sangaipet, Tadamanoor, Talelma, Yerraram, Budhera, Munipally, Doulthabad, Siroor, Raikode, and Madhapoor.

</doc>
<doc id="31130024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130024" title="Today Is A Beautiful Day">
Today Is A Beautiful Day

Today Is A Beautiful Day is the second studio album by the Japanese J-pop band Supercell, released on March 16, 2011 by SME. The album contains 13 music tracks written by Ryo, and sung by Nagi Yanagi, though officially Yanagi is not a member of Supercell. Five of the tracks were previously released on three of Supercell's singles. Two different editions of the album were released: a regular CD version and a CD+DVD limited edition. "Today Is A Beautiful Day" peaked at No. 3 on the Japanese Oricon weekly albums chart, and in July 2011 was awarded a Gold Disc by the Recording Industry Association of Japan for having exceeded 100,000 copies shipped in a single year.
Five of the songs were used as theme songs for various media: "Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari" was used as the ending theme to the 2009 anime TV series "Bakemonogatari"; "Hero" was the theme song to Shueisha's manga magazine "Aoharu", a special edition version of "Young Jump"; "Love & Roll" was the theme song to the 2009 anime film "Cencoroll"; "Hoshi ga Matataku Konna Yoru ni" was used as the ending theme to Type-Moon's visual novel "Mahōtsukai no Yoru"; and "Utakata Hanabi" was used as the 14th ending theme for the "Naruto: Shippuden" anime series.
Production.
Up to and including the release of Supercell's debut album "Supercell" (2009), songwriter Ryo had been using the Vocaloid singing synthesizer software Hatsune Miku for the vocals of the songs he produced. In transitioning to a human singer, then 21-year-old singer Nagi Yanagi was approached by Ryo to sing the vocals for Supercell's debut single "Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari" (2009). Yanagi had previously submitted cover versions of songs to the Nico Nico Douga video sharing website under the name Gazelle, and Ryo had been a fan of her voice even before uploading his own songs to Nico Nico Douga in late 2007. According to Ryo, other staff members wanted to try having all the songs on the album sung by different artists, but Ryo wanted her for the entire album. Thus, Supercell decided to stick with Yanagi as the vocalist for their second album. The album's title was partially inspired by the 2010 film "Confessions" and its accompanying theme song "Last Flower" by Radiohead. Ryo was impressed by the melancholic feel of the song in a film that expresses the theme that "life is wonderful," and he wanted to go with a title whose meaning would change depending on how it is perceived. In doing so, Ryo suggests that the title "Today Is A Beautiful Day" can be taken literally or sarcastically.
Composition.
Ryo likes expressing human emotions in his music, so for "Today Is A Beautiful Day", he wanted to combine feelings such as lifelong experiences and memories. He describes the process as expressing each memory as an individual story. Ryo composed the songs on the album around the idea of starting and ending with "Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari" (literally: "The Story You Don't Know"). As such, the second track on the album is "Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari", and the final track "Watashi e" (literally: "To Me") uses the same tune. For "Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari", Ryo was offered to compose the ending theme song to the 2009 anime series "Bakemonogatari". Ryo did not want to copy the tone or style of the original "Bakemonogatari" novels, because he felt the author Nisio Isin would enjoy the song more if it was more original. Thus, Ryo wrote a different story after borrowing the general setting of the novels. While creating the album, Ryo thought it would be interesting if the first song on the album was the end of the story. The album's first track "Owari e Mukau Hajimari no Uta" (literally: "The First Song That Heads Toward the End") was composed with the image of starting with a flashback scene, diving into the past, and once again returning to the present.
For "Hero", Ryo was asked to compose a theme song for Shueisha's manga magazine "Aoharu", a special edition version of "Young Jump". The artists whose manga would be serialized in "Aoharu" were asked to draw "heroines they think are cute," and Ryo was asked to compose the song with the same theme. Ryo thought of a boy aiming to be a manga artist as the song's protagonist, and wrote it with the concept of wanting to support those who get victimized for being otaku. Since the song reflects different points of view between the protagonist and the heroine, Nagi Yanagi switches her singing style from cool to cute sounding. Ryo describes "Perfect Day" with an image close to the album title and feels the song symbolizes the album. "Perfect Day" was born from the nuance that undoubtedly tomorrow will be a perfect day.
Ryo wrote the song "Fukushū" (literally: "Revenge") with the theme of anger, and was influenced by "Snow White" to include a line in the song describing someone being told to wear red hot iron shoes and dance. Ryo wanted a song to describe emotions that would continue past adolescence, compared to the rest of the songs on the album. Yanagi found it difficult to capture the right emotions in the song. "Rock 'n' Roll Nan desu no" (literally: This Is Rock 'n' Roll) was composed with a strong drum component as the initial concept and Ryo wanted to create a song with a fast tempo and rock and roll nuance to it; the song's tempo is over 200 beats per minute. Ryo worked in collaboration with Yanagi to write the song based on the initial demo. Ryo did not initially intend on putting "Love & Roll" on the album, but others in the staff convinced him to include it.
For the middle of the album, Ryo wanted a lower tempo song with a different mood and composed "Feel So Good" based on this concept. When it was decided Ryo would compose the theme song to Type-Moon's visual novel "Mahōtsukai no Yoru", he first read the original novel by Kinoko Nasu the visual novel is based on to get a feel for the work. Ryo wrote "Hoshi ga Matataku Konna Yoru ni" (literally: "The Stars Twinkle on a Night Like This") for the theme song, and there was not much trial and error in the composition of this song. Fireworks were an influence in the writing of "Utakata Hanabi" (literally: "Bubble Fireworks"). Ryo wanted the song to reflect how fireworks, which are initially brilliant, are hard to vividly remember afterwards. "Yoru ga Akeru yo" (literally: "Dawn Will Break") was the last song on the album Ryo composed, and was born from the feeling of lying in bed being unable to sleep. Ryo was inspired by the layout of the room where he works and how when dawn is breaking, the temperature slowly starts to rise, and a school near his home starts to bustle. Since "Sayonara Memories" was initially released in February 2010, Ryo used that month as the song's theme. He attempted to write a song that reflected February as the time of year in Japan when people are reminded of farewells they made the previous year, as well as the time when people think about meeting others for the first time. The last song "Watashi e" is meant to convey perseverance through tough times.
While Ryo writes all the music, an assortment of session musicians perform the songs on the album, including four guitarists and bassists, five drummers, three pianists, and a violinist. Ryo cites drummer Masayuki Muraishi as an influence in the composition of "Rock 'n' Roll Nan desu no"; Muraishi contributes on several songs on the album. In composing "Feel So Good", Ryo employed bassist Kenji Hino, son of Terumasa Hino, after he became interested in a performance of his on a TV music program. Ryo felt using strings in "Hoshi ga Matataku Konna Yoru ni" was an essential part of the song; Crusher Kimura provides the strings for three songs on the album. Haruko Ohinata is credited for the chorus of the song "Utakata Hanabi". "Today Is A Beautiful Day" was mixed by Takeshi Hara, Yasuhisa Kataoka, Keiji Kondo, Masashi Kudo, Eiji Makino, Koji Morimoto, Okuda Supa, and Shuji Yamaguchi. Yuji Chinone provided the mastering.
Artwork.
The limited edition of "Today Is A Beautiful Day" came bundled with a 36-page full-color illustration booklet titled "Supercell Works 2: 2009 Summer–2011 Spring". The booklet contains color illustrations for the songs, as well as comments by Ryo, Nagi Yanagi and the illustrators, an interview of Supercell members, and other details about the songs and artwork, including lyrics. The albums' packaging, designed by Yoshiki Usa, includes the song lyrics and some of the illustrations featured in "Supercell Works 2". Each song is given an illustration by an artist, which include members outside of the band in addition to members of Supercell. These illustrators are listed below with the track listing. The cover art is by Shirow Miwa and shows a girl in a blue dress smiling in front of an assortment of flowers on a tan background. The limited edition came with a design case illustrated by Redjuice featuring a girl with luggage in tow in a rural setting walking next to an old-fashioned blue car.
Release and reception.
"Today Is A Beautiful Day" was released on March 16, 2011 in two editions: a regular CD version and a CD+DVD limited edition. The DVD contained an anime music video of the song "Perfect Day". Also on the DVD are trailers for the anime film "Cencoroll", the visual novel "Mahōtsukai no Yoru", and Shueisha's manga magazine "Aoharu", as well as a commercial for "Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari" and the anime "Bakemonogatari". For the week of March 14, 2011 on Oricon's weekly albums chart, "Today Is A Beautiful Day" was reported to have sold over 34,000 copies in its first week of sales, peaking at No. 3, and charted for 42 weeks. In July 2011, "Today Is A Beautiful Day" was awarded a Gold Disc by the Recording Industry Association of Japan for having exceeded 100,000 copies shipped in a single year.
Music video.
The DVD bundled with the album's limited edition included an anime music video of the song "Perfect Day" produced by Madhouse. It was directed by Ryōsuke Nakamura, with animation direction by Mieko Hosoi. The character design is based on original designs by Shirow Miwa. The video shows a girl with short, blue hair coming back to the town where she used to live. The girl reminisces about the time she spent with another girl with long, light brown hair years before when they were children. The two had fun around town, and during one day the wind blew the hat off the girl with brown hair. While walking around town, the two girls meet by chance, shocking both of them, but both are happy to each other again. The hat from years before lands in front of the blue-haired girl, much to her surprise, and she puts it on. Contrails are mentioned twice in the song as a part of the chorus and images of them are seen throughout the video. Nakamura says the video is about life and dreams, and he used the song as inspiration to make the video as a side story to the song's lyrics. He explains that the two girls are actually one person that chose different paths in life, and describes their chance meeting as a "somewhat magical winter day."

</doc>
<doc id="31130050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130050" title="Andrew Thompson (catcher)">
Andrew Thompson (catcher)

Andrew M. Thompson (1846After 1878) was an American professional baseball player for one season in the National Association in 1875 for the Washington Nationals. He appeared in 11 games that season, all of them as their catcher, and a part of one game in right field. In 41 at bats, he collected four hits, one o f which was a triple, for a .098 batting average. After one season for the Lowell team of the International Association in 1878, it is unknown where and when he lived or died.

</doc>
<doc id="31130055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130055" title="Seckington">
Seckington

Seckington is a village in North Warwickshire, about northeast of Tamworth, Staffordshire. The B4593 road between Tamworth and Appleby Magna runs through the parish, passing about north of the village.
Seckington was a separate civil parish but is now merged with two neighbouring civil parishes to form that of Newton Regis, Seckington and No Man's Heath.
Early history.
In AD 757 King Æthelbald of Mercia was assassinated at "Secandune" (Seckington). Continuations of the "Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum" say he ""was treacherously and miserably murdered, in the night, by his own guards"".
The Domesday Book of 1086 records "Secintone" as a vill with a manor of five hides.
Castle.
Seckington Castle is a motte-and-bailey castle believed to have been built in the late 11th century for either Roger de Beaumont, Earl of Meulan or his son Robert de Beaumont, 1st Earl of Leicester.
In the late 17th century the antiquary Sir William Dugdale (1605–86) described, measured and recorded the castle in detail. Since 1923 the castle has been protected as a scheduled monument.
The motte is now about high and its diameter is about at the base. The bailey is south and east of the motte.
The castle is surrounded on three sides by traces of ridge and furrow cultivation.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of All Saints is probably mid- to late-13th century in origin, but was significantly altered in a late 19th-century Victorian restoration.
The west tower and spire were rebuilt in 1883, re-using much of the original material. The bell-openings are Early English, the ogeed west window is Decorated Gothic and the parapet and spire are Perpendicular Gothic. The spire has two sets of lucarnes.
The nave and chancel are Decorated Gothic with 14th-century windows. The chancel east window has five lights and intersecting tracery, and is said to have been widened in the restoration. There is extensive use of ogees. As well as in the west window of the nave, ogees feature in two south windows of the nave, one south and two north doorways and a double piscina in the chancel.
All Saints had a rood screen and rood loft, traces of which are visible in the east wall of the nave on both sides of the chancel arch. Outside, on the south wall of the nave east of the porch is a scratched mass dial.
All Saints' church monuments include a defaced recumbent effigy of a lady in early 14th-century dress, and a Jacobean wall-mounted monument to Robert Burdett, who died in 1603. He is an ancestor of the Burdett baronets of Bramcote. His monument is of veined marble, with Corinthian columns flanking kneeling figures of his family.
The west tower has a ring of four bells. Robert Mellours of Nottingham cast the treble bell in about 1520; it is inscribed with the name "IESUS". Hugh II Watts of Leicester cast the tenor bell in about 1640. John Taylor & Co of Loughborough cast or re-cast the second and third bells in 1886 for the rebuilt tower. The ring is unusual in that the third bell, not the tenor, has the largest diameter.
All Saints has been a Grade II* listed building since 1953.
All Saints is now part of the Benefice of All Souls, which also includes the former parishes of St Nicholas, Austrey; St Mary the Virgin, Newton Regis; St Matthew, Shuttington and Holy Trinity, Warton.
Other listed buildings.
Seckington has four Grade II listed buildings. Rock Farmhouse is partly 17th century, with late 18th century additions. Old Hall Farmhouse is late 17th or early 18th century, with late 18th and early 19th century additions. The Old Rectory was 18th century but was largely rebuilt in about 1870. Church Farmnouse is late 18th or early 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31130101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130101" title="Spitfire Mark II Tigershark">
Spitfire Mark II Tigershark

__NOTOC__
The Spitfire Mark II, later given the name Tigershark, was a utility helicopter built in the United States in the late 1970s and intended for series production. It was a further evolution of the Spitfire Mark I design, a turbine-powered conversion of the Enstrom F-28. Although airframe changes on the Mark I had been minimal, the Mark II had a substantially redesigned fuselage that rearranged the F-28's 2+2 seating to move the pilot's seat forward in the nose by itself and add a bench seat for three passengers abreast behind it. The leftmost seat on the bench could be fitted with dual controls. The fuselage was lengthened, and the powerplant installation (the same Allison 250 used on the Mark I) was mounted well to the rear. The Mark II still used the dynamic components of the F-28, plus some of its airframe.
Spitfire displayed a mockup of the Mark II at the Helicopter Association of America meeting in Anaheim, California in February 1977. The prototype first flew in February 1979 and by July that year, the company reported that it had sold 42 examples of the Mark I and Mark II and expected to build 60 aircraft during 1980. 
However, Spitfire remained dependent on Enstrom to supply airframes for remanufacture, and Enstrom distanced itself from the project somewhat. Competing plans by Enstrom and Spitfire to market Polish-built Mil Mi-2 helicopters in the United States might have contributed to the friction. In Spitfire's version of the deal, Polish manufacturer PZL-Świdnik (represented by its trade bureau Pezetel) would also contribute to the Spitfire manufacturing efforts. By November 1979, Enstrom refused to supply airframes to Spitfire.
The situation improved somewhat in the 1980s, and Spitfire president Jack Fetsko reported in May 1983 that relations with Enstrom were at the point where the two companies could "talk programs". By that time, costs for the Mark II, now dubbed the Tigershark, had increased from $US 185,000 expected in 1979 to $US 305,000 but Spitfire had a firm sale for the first production aircraft. Together with companies Sodian and Soprea, Spitfire formed a new venture, Spitfire Helicopters International, to manufacture the Mark I and Mark II in Málaga, Spain. 
Nothing came of the joint venture, and Spitfire's attempts to market F-28 derivatives came to an end. 

</doc>
<doc id="31130116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130116" title="List of Ministers for Greenland">
List of Ministers for Greenland

Ministers for Greenland
Below is a list of office-holders:

</doc>
<doc id="31130119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130119" title="Poverty in Bangladesh">
Poverty in Bangladesh

Bangladesh is one of the world's most densely populated countries with 150 million people, 26 percent of whom live below the national poverty line of US $2 per day. In addition, child malnutrition rate rates of 48 percent, in condition that is tied to the low social status of women in Bangladeshi society.
General overview of the Bangladesh economy.
While Bangladesh suffers from many problems such as poor infrastructure, political instability, corruption,and insufficient power supplies, the country's economy has grown 5-6% per year since 1996. However, Bangladesh still remains a poor, overpopulated, and inefficiently-governed nation with about 45% of the Bangladeshis being employed in the agriculture sector.
Rural and urban poverty.
The World Bank announced in June 2013 that Bangladesh had reduced the number of people living in poverty from 63 million in 2000 to 47 million in 2010, despite a total population that had grown to approximately 150 million. This means that Bangladesh will reach its first United Nations-established Millennium Development Goal, that of poverty reduction, two years ahead of the 2015 deadline. Bangladesh is also making progress in reducing its poverty rate to 26 percent of the population.
Since the 1990s, there has been a declining trend of poverty by 1 percent each year, with the help of international assistance. According to the 2010 household survey by the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics, 17.6 percent of the population were found to be under the poverty line.
The population in Bangladesh is predominantly rural, with almost 80 percent of the population living in rural areas. Many people live in remote areas that lack services such as education, health clinics, and adequate roads, particularly road links to markets. An estimated 36 percent of the population in rural areas lives below the poverty line. They suffer from persistent food insecurity, own no land and assets, are often uneducated, and may also suffer serious illnesses or disabilities. Another 29 percent of the rural population is considered moderately poor. Though they may own a small plot of land and some livestock and generally have enough to eat, their diets lack nutritional value. As a result of health problems or natural disasters, they are at risk of sliding deeper into poverty. Women are among the poorest of the rural poor, especially when they are the sole heads of their households. They suffer from discrimination and have few earning opportunities, and their nutritional intake is often inadequate.
An estimated 28 percent of the population in urban areas lives below the poverty line. People living in urban areas, like Dhaka, Chittagong, Khulna, and Rajshahi, enjoy a better standard of living, with electricity, gas, and clean water supplies. Even in the major cities, however, "a significant proportion of Bangladeshis live in squalor in dwellings that fall apart during the monsoon season and have no regular electricity. These Bangladeshis have limited access to health care and to clean drinking water."
Causes of rural and urban poverty.
One of the main causes of rural poverty is due the country’s geographical and demographic characteristics. A large proportion of the country is low-lying, and thus is at a high risk to flooding. Many of the rural poor live in areas that are prone to extreme annual flooding which cause huge damage to their crops, homes and livelihoods. In order to rebuild their homes, they often have to resort to moneylenders, and that causes them to fall deeper into poverty. In addition, these natural disasters also cause outbreaks of cholera and other waterborne and diarrheal diseases such as dengue and malaria which will affect them physically and lower their productivity levels.
Another cause of rural poverty is due to the fast growing population rate. It places huge pressure on the environment, causing problems such as erosion and flooding, which in turn leads to low agricultural productivity.
The causes of urban poverty are due to the limited employment opportunities, degraded environment, and bad housing and sanitation. The urban poor hold jobs that are labor demanding, thus affecting their health conditions. Therefore, the urban poor are in a difficult situation to escape poverty.
Environmental problems and poverty.
With 80% of the country situated on the flood plains of the Ganges, Brahmaputra, Meghna and those of several other minor rivers, the country is prone to severe flooding.
While some flooding is beneficial to agriculture, high levels of flooding have been found to be a retardant on agricultural growth. On average, 16% of household income per year is lost due to flooding, with roughly 89% of the loss in property and assets. Of these, households engaged in farming and fishing suffer a greater loss relative to income.
A positive relationship exists between flood risk and poverty as measured by household income, with people living under the poverty threshold facing a higher risk of flooding, as measured by their proximity to rivers and flood depth. Property prices also tend to be lower the higher the risk of flooding, making it more likely that someone who lives in a flood-prone area is poor and vice versa, as they might not be able to afford safer accommodation. Also, they tend to depend solely or largely on crop cultivation and fisheries for their livelihood and thus are harder hit by floods relative to their income.
Important to the finances of farmers operating small farms is their self-sufficiency in rice and floods adversely affect this factor, destroying harvests and arable land. Farmers hit are often forced to undertake distressed land selling and in doing so, risk being pushed into or deeper into poverty. In areas hard hit by floods, especially disaster floods such as the 1988 flood, several researchers have found that many of the affected households have resorted to selling off assets such as land and livestock to mitigate losses.
Also, in an area hard-hit by poverty and prone to floods, it was found that many of the poor were unwilling to pay for flood protection. The main reason cited had been lack of financial resources although it was found that many of these people are willing to substitute non-financial means of payment such as labour, harvest or part of their land
The above is problematic as it creates a vicious cycle for the poor of Bangladesh. Because the poor may not be able to afford safer housing, they have to live near the river which raises their risk of flooding. This would result in greater damage suffered from the floods, driving the poor into selling assets and pushing them further into poverty. They would be further deprived of sufficient resources needed to prevent extensive damage from flooding, resulting in even more flood damage and poverty. It then becomes even harder to escape this cycle. Even those farmers slightly above the poverty line are but just one bad flood away from the ranks of the poor.
Implications of poverty in Bangladesh.
The Gross National Income (GNI) per capita measured in 2008 prices is a staggering low of US $520 while GNI Purchasing Power Parity per capita is US $1440 (2008). This is a dismal figure when compared to other developed economies. Even though the poverty rate in Bangladesh has been decreasing, it is doing so at a slow rate of less than 2% per year. 49% of the population still remains below the poverty line. Poverty matters because it affects many factors of growth – education, population growth rates, health of the workforce and public policy. Poverty is most concentrated in the rural areas of Bangladesh, hence creating disparities between the rural and urban areas. However, urban poverty remains a problem too.
In particular, poverty has been linked strongly to education and employment. Research papers published by the Bangladesh Institute of Development Studies (BIDS) have shown that poverty acts as both a cause and effect of a lack of education, which in turn adversely affects employment opportunities. Having an unskilled workforce also greatly decreases the productivity of the workforce which decreases the appeal of Foreign Direct Investments (FDIs) and thus impedes sustainable economic growth. In essence, education is an important contribution to the social and economic development of a country.
Secondly, rising landlessness is also a consequence of poverty in Bangladesh. In the year 2000, among the poorest of the poor – the poorest 20 percent of the population – four out of five owned less than half an acre of land. Not only did many own no acreage at all, but landlessness has been increasing in rural Bangladesh along with the number of small and marginal farms. The 2000 HIES found nearly half (48 percent) of the country’s rural population to be effectively landless, owning at most 0.05 acres. Roughly three-fifths of all households in the two poorest quintiles fell into that category.
Lastly, for the chronic poor, issues such as food security and health hamper social mobility. According to a study done by the World Bank on Dhaka, the poor suffers from a lack of proper healthcare in their areas due to the expensive and poor quality health care services. The poverty stricken areas either do not have the available facilities, or can only afford low quality healthcare. This is a problem that is common in both the rural and urban poor. For the urban poor, the problem has worsened as they can only afford to stay in slums where there are problems of overcrowding and unhygienic living conditions. These two factors results in the spread of diseases amongst the poor whom cannot afford better healthcare. Also, one cannot deny that a healthy and well-fed citizen is better suited for increased productivity as part of the workforce. Thus, poverty matters because it affects the social welfare of citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="31130120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130120" title="Bee (surname)">
Bee (surname)

Bee is a surname.
Those bearing it include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31130134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130134" title="Depressaria emeritella">
Depressaria emeritella

Depressaria emeritella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the Near East and the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 22–26 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August and then hibernating until the following spring. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on "Tanacetum vulgare". They live in rolled leaves of their host plant. Pupation takes place in a cocoon in the earth.

</doc>
<doc id="31130146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130146" title="Mark Laurie">
Mark Laurie

Mark Laurie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31130156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130156" title="Mark Laurie (rugby league)">
Mark Laurie (rugby league)

Mark Laurie is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s. A New South Wales Country representative centre who later moved to the forwards, he played his club football in the NSWRL Premiership for the Parramatta Eels during their golden period of the 1980s. He also played in England for Leeds and Salford.
Mark was the fifth of six brothers and the younger brother of Robert Laurie. In his first season at Parramatta he played from the bench in the 1982 Premiership decider, the club's second consecutive grand final victory. The following year they made it three in a row, with Laurie again playing from the bench. Laurie won one more grand final with Parramatta in 1986, playing at lock. While at the Eels he spent two off-seasons in England with the Leeds club. After his final year with Parramatta in 1992, he moved to England's Salford club for one more season.

</doc>
<doc id="31130184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130184" title="Apotomis betuletana">
Apotomis betuletana

Apotomis betuletana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone. The habitat consists of woods and woodland margins where birch occurs.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.
The larvae feed on "Betula" species. They spin and roll the leaves of their host plant. The larvae can be found from May to June. Pupation takes place in the larval habitation or among leaf-litter on the ground. It hibernates in the egg stage.

</doc>
<doc id="31130211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130211" title="Bellanca TES">
Bellanca TES

The Bellanca TES (Tandem Experimental Sesquiplane) was an experimental aircraft constructed by Giuseppe Mario Bellanca. Aircraft registration was NR855E.
Aircraft was originally built in 1929 for the price of $25,000 for the first non-stop flight from Seattle to Tokyo. In 1930 was refitted with two 600 hp Curtiss Conqueror engines and overbuilded for the Chicago Daily News as a cargo plane named "The Blue Streak".
The aircraft crashed on 1931-05-26, when rear propeller drive shaft was broken due the vibration. All crew (Shirley J. Short - the pilot, Richard K. Peck - the copilot, Louis Rice - the radio operator, Robert W. Gormley - a mechanic) perished.

</doc>
<doc id="31130213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130213" title="Apotomis sororculana">
Apotomis sororculana

Apotomis sororculana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 17–20 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July.
The larvae feed on "Betula" species. They live between two leaves spun together.

</doc>
<doc id="31130223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130223" title="Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology">
Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology

The is the member of the Cabinet of Japan in charge of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. The post has been held by Hakubun Shimomura since 26 December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31130226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130226" title="André Lemierre">
André Lemierre

André-Alfred Lemierre (born July 30, 1875, in Paris; died 1956) was a French bacteriologist.
He studied in Paris where he became an externe in 1896, interne in 1900. He obtained his doctorate in 1904, became Médecin de Hôpitaux in 1912 and later worked in the Hôspital Bichat. He was habilitated in 1913 and in 1926 was promoted to professor of bacteriology. His works concern investigations on septicaemia, typhus, bilious and urine tract infections, kidney diseases, etc. He described Lemierre's syndrome in 1936 while working as a bacteriologist in the Claude Bernard Hospital in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="31130244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130244" title="Chick Corea Featuring Lionel Hampton">
Chick Corea Featuring Lionel Hampton

Chick Corea Featuring Lionel Hampton is a 1988 album by the Chick Corea. It features Chick Corea on piano, Dave Holland on bass, Jack DeJohnette on drums, Hubert Laws on flute, Woody Shaw on trumpet, and Lionel Hampton on vibraphone.

</doc>
<doc id="31130250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130250" title="Maison Mantin">
Maison Mantin

The Maison Mantin (""Mantin House"") is a late 19th-century French mansion located in the town of Moulins (aka "Arrondissement de Moulins")
in the Allier department of central France.
The mansion, shuttered for more than a century, opened its doors to the public in November 2010 as a museum.
History.
Maison Mantin was commissioned by Louis Mantin, a wealthy man from Moulins, who wanted to showcase his art and antiques collection. It was designed by a noted local architect, René-Justin Moreau (April 28, 1858 - September 18, 1924), in collaboration with his father, Jean-Bélizaire Moreau (1828–1899), also an architect, and built in 1893.
Mantin bequeathed the mansion to the town of Moulins in his will, written before his death in 1905. The will stated that the house be kept intact, so as to show to visitors in 100 years "a specimen of a bourgeois home of the nineteenth century".
Consequently, the house was kept shuttered for over a century, with all its original contents, and fell into disrepair. After extensive restoration, it was opened as a museum, and a showcase for the eclectic taste of its former owner.
The Building.
The first draft of the architects' design for Maison Mantin was akin to a Gothic mansion, but the final design was more picturesque, borrowing many of the elements of a seaside villa. The architect gave free rein to his taste for eclecticism: in the study and dining room with wood paneling, and the neo-renaissance decor of the "room of the four seasons" with plaster decorations and paintings in the style of Louis XVIII; the modern bathroom has stained glass and paintings in the Art Nouveau style. The project is important in that it paved the way for the design trend of the "castle-villa".
The house incorporates the technological innovations of its period: electrical lighting, hot-and-cold faucets, overhead shower and flushing toilet.
The Collection.
The museum contains a dizzying maze of paintings, books, photographs, miniature objects, stuffed animals, ceramics, minerals, carvings and rare and unusual objects gathered by Louis Mantin from his travels in different parts of the world.
The rich collection and the ornamentation of the house give it a unique character.
The museum also has a screening room.
Visitor Information.
The entrance to La Maison Mantin is in common with the Anne de Beaujeu Museum, and permitted only with a guide-lecturer.

</doc>
<doc id="31130254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130254" title="Abaza Siyavuş Pasha">
Abaza Siyavuş Pasha

Abaza Siyavuş Pasha (died 23 February 1688) was a short term Ottoman grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire who held the post during one of the most chaotic periods of the empire.
Early years.
He was of Abkhazian origin. He was a servant of Köprülü Mehmed Pasha, an able grand vizer who died in 1661. By marrying to Köprülü Mehmed Pasha's daughter, he became a relative of the powerful Köprülü family. Together with his brothers-in-law (Köprülü Fazıl Ahmet Pasha and Köprülü Fazıl Mustafa Pasha), he participated in a number of military campaigns. In 1684, Buda (a part of Budapest, the capital of modern Hungary, then a part of Ottoman Empire) had been sieged by the Austrians under the commanship of Maximilian. Siyavuş Pasha stormed the Austrians and forced them to lift the siege. This was one of the few Turkish victories in the Great Turkish War.
As a grand vizier.
Ottoman sultan Mehmet IV ("the Hunter") was inattentive to state affairs, especially in the war. The soldiers as well as the other subjects of the empire accused him as well as grand vizier Sarı Süleyman Pasha of the failures in the war. In 1687, the army returned from the front and staged a coup in which both the sultan and the grand vizier were forced to abdicate and resign, respectively. Siyavuş became the new grand vizier on 18 September, and Süleyman II became the new sultan on 8 November. However, Siyavuş was not successful as a grand vizier. He failed to control the troops which encamped in the outskirts of İstanbul. The soldiers demanded for the payment of bonus sallary (traditional payments of the new sultans, ). But the treasury was unable to make the payment and the soldiers caused unrest in the city. Although, Siyavuş was their candidate for the post, they soon began to oppose Siyavuş and his brother in law Köprülü Mustafa Pasha. The Janissaries raided his house and killed him on 23 February 1688.

</doc>
<doc id="31130264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130264" title="Charles Frederic Ulrich">
Charles Frederic Ulrich

Charles Frederic Ulrich (1858 in New York City – 1908 in Berlin) was an American painter.
According to the RKD he worked in the Netherlands ca. 1890.
He attended the Royal Academy in Munich, Germany, as did William Merritt Chase, who like him, was influenced by Dutch Golden Age painting and who has been documented as painting his portrait. He was discovered by Thomas B. Clarke, a lace and linen manufacturer in New York who became a collector of contemporary American art. Ulrich painted his portrait in gratitude after his painting "In the Land of Promise, Castle Garden" was shown at the National Academy of Design, where it won the National Academy's first Thomas B. Clarke Prize for Best American Figure Composition.

</doc>
<doc id="31130265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130265" title="Gypsonoma dealbana">
Gypsonoma dealbana

Gypsonoma dealbana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the Near East and the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 11–14 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.
It is the most variable of the species in the "Gypsonoma" genus in general coloration and clarity of the forewing markings. The white ground color can be overlaid by a plumbeous or brownish grey suffusion with markings less distinct and often partially obscured.
The larvae feed on a various deciduous trees, including "Salix", "Populus", "Crataegus", "Quercus" and "Corylus" species. They window feed on the leaves in autumn and eat the buds, catkins, young shoots and then spun leaves in the spring. Pupation takes place in a cocoon in the larval habitation or in the soil.

</doc>
<doc id="31130284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130284" title="Benzyl benzoate/disulfiram">
Benzyl benzoate/disulfiram

Benzyl benzoate/disulfiram (trade name Tenutex) is a combination drug used in the treatment of scabies. It consists of the antiparasitic insecticides benzyl benzoate and disulfiram.

</doc>
<doc id="31130287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130287" title="Castolin Eutectic">
Castolin Eutectic

Castolin Eutectic was established in 1906 by Jean-Pierre Wasserman in Lausanne, Switzerland.
He discovered a new method of low-temperature brazing of cast iron, which was a revolutionary process for the repair and wear-protection of metals. During the last decades fluxes, brazing alloys as well as coating and welding equipment and consumables have been developed and the company is present with its own subsidiaries in over 100 countries on all five continents.
Messer Group.
Since 2005, Castolin Eutectic is part of the Messer Group. The Messer Group, headquartered in Frankfurt, Germany, is the largest owner-managed industrial gas company in the world. The Messer Eutectic Castolin (MEC) Group reported 2008 a turnover of 599 million euros and employs more than 2.500 people worldwide.
Products.
The four principal product areas are:
History.
1906 Foundation of Castolin in Lausanne, Switzerland<br> 
1940 Foundation of Eutectic Welding Alloys Corporation in New York<br>
1959 Foundation of Eutectic Japan Ltd<br>
1962 Foundation of Eutectic India Ltd<br>
1960’s Start of first CastoLab workshops<br>
1970’s Development of Cored wire and production<br>
1980’s Development of world’s first gas atomised powder production<br>
1991 CDP® Wearplate development and production<br>
1996 Creation of Global Industry Program<br>
2005 Part of the Messer World.<br>
2006 100 years anniversary<br>
2007 Opening of the World’s most advanced powder production facility and introduction of first NanoAlloy® welding consumable<br>
2008 CastoLab® Services growth and acquisitions in the United Kingdom, Russia, USA, Canada, China, Austria, Norway, Hungary, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="31130300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130300" title="2011 BNP Paribas Open – Women's Doubles">
2011 BNP Paribas Open – Women's Doubles

The 2011 BNP Paribas Open was a tennis tournament played at Indian Wells, California in March 2011. It was the 37th edition of the event, known as the BNP Paribas Open, and was classified as an ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event on the 2011 ATP World Tour and a Premier Mandatory event on the 2011 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden in Indian Wells, California, United States from March 7 through March 20, 2011.
Květa Peschke and Katarina Srebotnik were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Klaudia Jans and Alicja Rosolska.
Unseeded pair Sania Mirza and Elena Vesnina won the tournament, defeating 8th seeds Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Meghann Shaughnessy 6–0, 7–5 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31130326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130326" title="Regode">
Regode

Regod is a Village and Mandal in Medak district of Telangana, India.
Regode mandal is bounded by Manoor, Narayankhed, Shankarampet, Alladurg, Andole, Pulkal, Munpalle and Raikode mandals.
Geography.
Regod or Regoad is located at . It has an average elevation of 506 metres (1663 ft).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Regode mandal is as follows:
Regode village has a population of 3,267 in 2001.
Villages.
The villages in Regode mandal includes: Chowderpalle, Devnoor, Dosanpalle, Dudiyal, Gajwada, Jagriyal, Khaderabad, Kondapur, Kothwalpalle, Marpalle, Medikonda, Nirjipala, Pyararam, R. Itikyal, Regode, Saipet, Sindole, T. Lingampalle, Usrikpalle etc..

</doc>
<doc id="31130327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130327" title="Godfried Dejonckheere">
Godfried Dejonckheere

Godfried Dejonckheere (born 1 July 1952) is a retired Belgian race walker.
He was born in Ploegsteert and represented the club KKS Kortrijk. He finished 25th at the 1976 Olympic Games (20 km), tenth at the 1987 World Championships (50 km), 35th at the 1988 Olympic Games (20 km), and ninth at the 1991 World Championships (50 km). He was disqualified at the 1992 Olympic Games (50 km) and the 1993 World Championships (50 km).
He became Belgian champion 21 times. He was given the Golden Spike award in 1989 and 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31130330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130330" title="National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Non-Fiction Film">
National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Non-Fiction Film

The National Society of Film Critics award for Best Non-Fiction Film is the award given for best feature documentary film at the annual National Society of Film Critics (NSFC) Awards. The category was introduced in 1985 and was originally named Best Documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="31130341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130341" title="Arthur Hudson">
Arthur Hudson

Arthur Hudson (1882–1973) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1906 to 1910.
Early life.
Arthur Hudson was born on 27 October 1882 in Gloucester.
Rugby union career.
Hudson made his international debut on 13 January 1906 at Athletic Ground, Richmond in the England vs Wales match.
Of the 8 matches he played for his national side he was on the winning side on 4 occasions.
He played his final match for England on 3 March 1910 at Parc des Princes in the France vs England match.
International try record.
"Source for information in table below:" Profile of Arthur Hudson at ESPN Scrum.com

</doc>
<doc id="31130349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130349" title="Povien Peak">
Povien Peak

Povien Peak (, ‘Vrah Povien’ \'vr&h po-'vi-en\) is the ice-covered peak rising to 1550 m between the upper courses of Marla and Diplock Glaciers, in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. Bezenšek Spur is projecting east-southeastwards from the peak.
The feature is named after the settlement of Povien in Southern Bulgaria.
Location.
Povien Peak is located at , which is 9.48 km southwest of Mancho Buttress, 7.3 km west-northwest of Mount Roberts, 6.67 km north-northwest of Rayko Nunatak and 11 km southeast of Ebony Wall.

</doc>
<doc id="31130356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130356" title="Samsung Galaxy Ace">
Samsung Galaxy Ace

The Samsung Galaxy Ace (also known as Samsung Galaxy Cooper in some territories) is a smartphone manufactured by Samsung that runs the open source Android operating system. Announced and released by Samsung in February 2011, the Galaxy Ace features an 800 MHz Qualcomm MSM7227 processor with the Adreno 200 GPU. It is available in black, with back covers in three different colors: black, purple and white.
In January 2012, Samsung announced its successor, the Galaxy Ace Plus, and have since released as successor models the Galaxy Ace 2 in May 2012, the Galaxy Ace 3 in July 2013, and the Galaxy Ace Style in May 2014.
The Galaxy Ace is a 3.5G smartphone, offering quad-band GSM and announced with two-band HSDPA (900/2100) at 7.2 Mbit/s. The display is a 3.5 inch TFT LCD capacitive touchscreen with its protection by a Gorilla Glass and has HVGA (320x480) resolution. There is also a 5-megapixel camera with LED flash, capable of recording videos at QVGA (320x240) resolution and VGA (640x480) resolution with the Gingerbread update, and a 1350 mAh Li-Ion battery.
Camera.
The Samsung Galaxy Ace has a 5-megapixel auto-focus camera with a resolution of 2560 x 1920 pixels. It has a LED flash along with the camera for low-light scenes. It also has face and smile detection and geotagging, but does not have a shutter key. The contrast and brightness can be adjusted through on screen menu. The Samsung Galaxy Ace's camera is also capable of up to 2x camera zoom.
Gaming.
Having an Adreno 200 GPU, and a lower processor with a lower screen resolution, the Galaxy Ace cannot run high-definition games; however, third-party developers can port some games to work on the Galaxy Ace. As in the GT-S5830i model, the device uses VideoCore IV which may introduce some improved characteristics but has major issues with games since neither Broadcom nor Samsung shares the source code; 3D games that work in original model might have incompatibilities with GT-S5830i. Games and Applications that are ported for the ARM6 do work on this phone.
Firmware upgrade.
On August 31, 2011, an update to Android 2.3.4 'Gingerbread', was rolled out for India.
The Galaxy Ace received an update to its firmware and its current version is Android 2.3.6 'Gingerbread', which is available via Samsung Kies.
Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus.
The Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus (GT-S7500[L/T/W]) is a later generation of the Samsung Galaxy Ace (GT-S5830), which was released in 2011. It features a 1 GHz processor and it also includes the upgraded GUI and TouchWiz 4.0 interface.

</doc>
<doc id="31130375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130375" title="Ceratochaetops">
Ceratochaetops

Ceratochaetops is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31130398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130398" title="Chaetocrania">
Chaetocrania

Chaetocrania is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31130403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130403" title="Cryptaspasma querula">
Cryptaspasma querula

Cryptaspasma querula is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The larvae feed on the fleshy cotyledons of "Beilschmiedia tawa" seeds. The larvae are an important food source for "Mus musculus".

</doc>
<doc id="31130410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130410" title="Sabrina De Leeuw">
Sabrina De Leeuw

Sabrina De Leeuw (born 19 August 1974) is a retired Belgian high jumper.
She won the 1993 European Junior Championships, and the gold medal at the 1997 Jeux de la Francophonie, She also competed at the 1993 World Championships without reaching the final. She was given the Golden Spike Award in 1993.
She became Belgian champion in 1992, 1993, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2004 and 2006. Her main domestic competitor was Natalja Jonckheere, before Tia Hellebaut took over the hegemony. De Leeuw also became French champion in 1998 and 2000. Her personal best jump is 1.93 metres, achieved in August 1993 in Sheffield.

</doc>
<doc id="31130412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130412" title="Marla Glacier">
Marla Glacier

Marla Glacier (, ‘Lednik Marla’ \'led-nik 'mar-la\) is the 14 km long and 1.5 km wide glacier on the northeast side of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated south of Aitkenhead Glacier and north of Diplock Glacier. It is draining southeastwards along the east slopes of Povien Peak, then turning east between Mount Roberts and Bezenšek Spur, and flowing into Prince Gustav Channel in Weddell Sea.
The glacier is named after Marla River in Northern Bulgaria.
Location.
Marla Glacier is centred at .

</doc>
<doc id="31130414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130414" title="Chaetocrania antennalis">
Chaetocrania antennalis

Chaetocrania is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31130428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130428" title="Tan-Badan">
Tan-Badan

Tan-Badan is a 1986 Bollywood film starring Govinda, Khushboo.

</doc>
<doc id="31130435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130435" title="Antar Djemaouni">
Antar Djemaouni

Antar Djemaouni (born August 29, 1987) is an Algerian football player. He is currently playing for USM Blida in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Club career.
Djemaouni began his career in the youth ranks of CRB Ferdjioua. In the summer of 2009, he joined USM Blida two days before the end of the transfer period. On September 11, 2009, in just his fourth game with the club, Djemaouni scored his first professional goal in a league match against JSM Béjaïa. He went on to score two more goals in the same game to also record his first hat-trick.

</doc>
<doc id="31130448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130448" title="Muhammad Abdallah Muthanna">
Muhammad Abdallah Muthanna

Muhammad Abdallah Muthanna (born 1945 or 1947) is a Yemeni novelist, playwright and short story writer. He was born in Hudaida and was educated in Cairo. In the 1970s, he was jailed several times by the authorities for his activities as a political dissident. He has worked in journalism as well as in government. He is a prolific writer of fiction and drama and is well known for his short stories, which have been translated into English and Italian. His first collection of stories, entitled "Fi giawf al-layl" (In the Heart of the Night), came out in 1976. Subsequent collections include "Al-jabal yabtasim aydan" (1978) and "Rihlat al-umr" (2002). In 1990, he won an Arabic short story award presented in Alexandria, Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="31130465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130465" title="Acleris holmiana">
Acleris holmiana

Acleris holmiana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe and Asia Minor.
The wingspan is about 10–15 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on a various Rosaceous trees and shrubs including "Crataegus", "Rubus", "Pyrus", "Prunus", "Cydonia", "Rosa" and "Malus". They spin two leaves together and feed within. Larvae can be found from May to June. Larvae cause minor damage to the leaves but infestations on cultivated plants are usually unimportant.

</doc>
<doc id="31130511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130511" title="Acleris laterana">
Acleris laterana

Acleris laterana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is native to the Palaearctic ecozone, but has been accidentally imported into the United States.
The wingspan is about 15–20 mm. In Europe, adults are on wing from June to July and again from August to September. In greenhouses, a third generation may develop. In Japan and Korea, there are also two generations per year, with adults on wing from May to June and from September to October.
It is a very variable species. The intensity of the greyish suffusion on specimens with a silver-white ground colour may be sufficiently heavy to almost obliterate the ground colour. Often, the ground colour is suffused with grey, giving the wing a cinerous appearance. The ground colour can also be pale yellow-brown varying to ochreous, with the costal blotch and sub-basal fascia dull bluish black. Another form has the ground colour grey-brown, varying considerably in shade, the costal blotch relatively inconspicuous, its inner margin extending across the wing in some specimens.
The larvae feed on "Crataegus", "Filipendula ulmaria", "Populus", "Prunus", "Rosa", "Rubus", "Sorbus", "Salix", "Symphytum officinale" and "Vaccinium". They feed between spun leaves and may also attack the flowers. The larvae can be found from May to June. Pupation takes place within a silken cocoon spun in a folded leaf.

</doc>
<doc id="31130531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130531" title="Christopher O'Hoski">
Christopher O'Hoski

Christopher O'Hoski (born in Ontario, Canada) is a painter from Stoney Creek, Ontario.
He studied at the Sheridan College, the Dundas Valley School of Art and The Royal Conservatory of Music. He also took part in workshops at the McMaster University, and the University of Toronto, and was mentored by fellow Canadian Joseph Devellano.
He primarily paints with acrylic and oil, but also makes use of watercolour.
"I'm not a master, and still have much to learn by any means. I continue to be inspired by everything I see and the look in every artists' eyes. I only hope to grow as an artist, try as many things as possible, and continue to have a mind open enough to continue to adapt and change."
He has exhibited in New York, Toronto, Oakville, Mississauga, Burlington, Hamilton, Grimsby and Long Island. He has also been published in the textbook International Contemporary Artists Vol. 1. And his work is a part of various collections in Canada, the United States, and Australia.
He is affiliated with Artists In Canada, the Society of Canadian Artists, and the National Association for Visual Arts, in Australia. 
He has taught at the Grimsby Public Art Gallery and Grumbacher.
His recent series 'Hypnagogia" has received international recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="31130538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130538" title="2001 DFB-Ligapokal">
2001 DFB-Ligapokal

The 2001 DFB-Ligapokal was the fifth edition of the DFB Liga-Pokal. Hertha BSC won the competition for the fourth consecutive year, beating Schalke 04 4–1 in the final. Hertha had ended Bayern Munich's dominance of the competition by beating them in the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="31130539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130539" title="Puntland Development Research Center">
Puntland Development Research Center

The Puntland Development Research Center (PDRC) is a Local Non-Governmental Organization (LNGO) based in Garowe, the administrative capital of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia. It plays a key role in research and funding for the development of local peace and effective governance initiatives.
Profile.
The Puntland Development Research Center is governed by a board of directors consisting of seven members; five men and two women. It is presently led by director Abdurahman Abdulle Osman (Shuke).
The center's stated goal is to promote peace-building and national reconstruction following the Somali Civil War and its after-effects. Through dialogue among key national and international actors, the PDRC seeks to encourage democratic values. In the process, it hopes to advance social and economic development by respecting human rights, efficiently utilizing resources and equal treatment of locals.
History.
The Puntland Development Research Center was founded on October 30, 1999.
In the past decade, it had made several attempts to improve upon the quality of governance in Puntland. To this end, the center implemented in 2001 the Puntland Peace Mission (PPM), an initiative that sought to resolve differences between the region's then administration and opposition groups. The PDRC also organized peace rallies across the province.
In early 2004, the Puntland Development Research Center also began to emphasize the need for research in areas such as the democratization of Puntland's political system, public revenue management, consolidation of the Mudug peace agreement and national reconciliation. It showed the initiatives that have been made to improve the quality of governance in Somalia. That same year, the PDRC collaborated with the War-torn Societies Project (WSP) in an effort to avoid a power vacuum in Puntland's then political structure.
More recently, the PDRC has continued to play a key role in research and funding for the development of peace and effective governance initiatives in Puntland. According to the PDRC, good governance increases people’s participation in decision-making, enables the decentralization of power from the center to regional and community levels, and allows transparency in decision-making.

</doc>
<doc id="31130541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130541" title="Bezenšek Spur">
Bezenšek Spur

Bezenšek Spur (, ‘Bezenshekov Rid’ \'be-zen-she-kov 'rid\) is the 5.5 km long and 800 m wide rocky ridge rising to 900 m in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is projecting from the southeast side of Povien Peak eastwards between Marla Glacier and Diplock Glacier.
The feature is named after the Slovene-Bulgarian linguist Anton Bezenšek (1854-1915) who developed the stenographic system for the Bulgarian language.
Location.
Bezenšek Spur is centred at .

</doc>
<doc id="31130546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130546" title="Frank Viola (author)">
Frank Viola (author)

Frank Viola is an American writer and blogger on Christian topics. He has written and co-authored a number of books and is seen as a key adherent of the organic church and missional church movements. His books fall into two categories: deeper Christian life and organic missional church life. He advocates church life based on the spiritual principles of the New Testament, with an emphasis on the headship of Christ, face-to-face community, the eternal purpose or grand mission of God, every member participating, and the priesthood of all believers.
His emphasis on the supremacy of Jesus, living by the indwelling life of Christ, and the rediscovery of God's eternal purpose makes him a well-read author in the deeper Christian life and missional church movements. His emphasis on church without clergy/laity divides in the New Testament and the participation of every Christian in church meetings makes him a well-read author in the organic church/house church/simple church movements.

</doc>
<doc id="31130571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130571" title="William Marchant (loyalist)">
William Marchant (loyalist)

William "Frenchie" Marchant (c. 1948 – 28 April 1987) was a Northern Irish loyalist and a middle-ranking volunteer in the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF). He was on a Garda list of suspects in the 1974 Dublin car bombings which left a total of 26 people dead, and close to 300 injured. Marchant was allegedly the leader of the Belfast UVF unit known as "Freddie and the Dreamers" which hijacked and stole the three cars which were used in the bombings. Nine days after the bombings he was arrested and interned at the Maze Prison in relation to the bombings. When questioned by detectives regarding the latter he refused to answer. He was never brought to trial due to lack of evidence. 
Marchant held the rank of major in the UVF's A Company, 1st Battalion Belfast Brigade. He was shot to death by a Provisional IRA volunteer from a passing car as he stood outside "The Eagle" chip shop below the offices where the UVF Brigade Staff had their headquarters on the Shankill Road.
Dublin car bombings.
Marchant was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland in about 1948. He grew up in the loyalist Shankill Road neighbourhood and was brought up in the Protestant religion. Some time prior to 1974, he joined the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF), which was an illegal loyalist paramilitary organisation. He held the rank of major in its A Company, 1st Battalion Belfast Brigade. Marchant's nickname was "Frenchie".
Two units from the UVF's Belfast and Mid-Ulster Brigades exploded three no-warning car bombs in Dublin's city centre on 17 May 1974, which was the third day of the Ulster Workers Council Strike. This was a general strike in Northern Ireland called by hard-line loyalists and unionists, who opposed the Sunningdale Agreement and the Northern Ireland Assembly which had proposed their sharing political power with nationalists and planned a greater role for the Irish Republic in the governance of Northern Ireland. The explosions occurred almost simultaneously during evening rush hour resulting in the deaths of 26 people, mostly young women; close to 300 people were injured, many maimed and scarred for life. According to former British soldier and psychological warfare operative Colin Wallace, the bombings had been organised by Billy Hanna, the Mid-Ulster Brigade's commander at the time. The three cars used in the attacks had been stolen and hijacked that morning in Belfast by a UVF unit known as "Freddie and the Dreamers" (named after the 1960s English pop group) allegedly led by Marchant, and then, according to the "Hidden Hand", driven to a farm in Glenanne, County Armagh. This farm, which had been used to make and store the bombs, was owned by RUC reservist James Mitchell of the Glenanne gang. After the cars were delivered to the waiting bomb unit, the latter drove them across the border down to the Coachman's Inn pub carpark. Journalist Joe Tiernan suggested that the cars were driven directly to the North Dublin carpark, with only one stop in Portadown by one of the cars to collect David Alexander Mulholland, one of the alleged bombers. It was at the carpark that the three bombs, which had been transported in a chicken lorry by senior Mid-Ulster UVF member Robin "the Jackal" Jackson, were placed inside the boots of the cars by Hanna and Jackson. The cars - a metallic green 1970 model Hillman Avenger and blue Austin 1800 Maxi - that ended up in Parnell Street and South Leinster Street had been hijacked while the metallic blue mink Ford Escort which detonated in Talbot Street had been stolen from Belfast's docks area. All three cars had retained their original registration numbers. In 1993 Yorkshire Television aired a documentary "The Hidden Hand: The Forgotten Massacre" and it named Marchant as having been on a Garda list of suspects as the leader of the gang which obtained the bomb cars. 
Ninety minutes after the Dublin blasts, another car bomb exploded in Monaghan, causing a further seven deaths. A detective from Dublin's Store Street Garda Station received confidential information that Marchant had masterminded both the Dublin and Monaghan attacks. On 26 May he was arrested by the Northern Ireland security forces under the Northern Ireland (Emergency Provision) Act 1974 and interned at the Maze Prison on an Interim Custody Order partly on suspicion of having participated in the car bombings. He was interrogated by detectives but refused to reply to any questions relating to the Dublin bombings. Marchant and the others who had also been interned as suspects in the attacks, were never brought to trial due to lack of evidence. The RUC Special Branch, in a reply dated 23 July 1974 to an earlier Gardai enquiry regarding Marchant, stated that Marchant "was our guest for a number of hours (and CID) but with negative result". The Barron Report which was the findings of the official investigation into the car bombings commissioned by Irish Supreme Court Justice Henry Barron confirmed that Marchant was named in the Garda files as the leader of the gang which provided the bomb cars. Colin Wallace briefed the media without attribution identifying Marchant as the person responsible for the car hijackings and theft, based on his own information. In a written statement to "Justice For the Forgotten" (an organisation of victims and relatives seeking justice for the Dublin and Monaghan bombings), Wallace maintained that Marchant was "identified to Army Intelligence as a Special Branch source being run by a named officer". When queried by the organisation's legal team, Wallace qualified the statement by adding:"That's right, that was my belief...there were a number of Special Branch people who at this time appeared to have very close links with various loyalist groups. I'm not saying for good or ill, but certainly had close links with key loyalists. Marchant may well have been an informant, but I don't know".
Many years later, journalist Peter Taylor questioned PUP politician and former senior Belfast UVF member David Ervine about UVF motives for bombing Dublin in 1974. He replied they were "returning the serve". Although Ervine had had nothing to do with the bombings, he said they were carried out to make Catholics in the Irish Republic suffer as Protestants in Northern Ireland had been suffering as the result of the IRA bombing campaign. As of 2014, nobody has ever been convicted of the Dublin and Monaghan bombings.
Supergrass trials.
In the mid 1980s Marchant was one of a number of leading figures within the UVF arrested on the evidence of William "Budgie" Allen, a UVF member who turned supergrass and provided evidence on the activities of a number of his fellow members. Initially held in 1983, Marchant was granted bail in order to marry although he failed to return and was eventually rearrested after a high speed pursuit through the Shankill Road.
Based on Allen's evidence Marchant faced a number of charges, including the attempted murder of a member of Gerry Adams' family. However, although he was held in custody for eighteen months, Marchant was released from prison in 1985 after the Allen trial collapsed. Although he had appeared before Belfast's Crumlin Road Crown Court, the case against him and the others had collapsed when the judge decided Allen's evidence was ""totally unreliable". Allen was declared persona non grata by the UVF, who announced that he would be killed if he left his hiding place in England, although Marchant surprisingly announced that he personally forgave Allen.
Killing.
Marchant was shot dead by a gunman from a passing car as he stood outside "The Eagle" chip shop on the crowded Shankill Road on 28 April 1987. The UVF Brigade Staff had their headquarters in the rooms above the shop. The shooting took place close to the offices of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP). The hitman was an IRA volunteer. His fatal shooting was in retaliation for the UVF's killing of Larry Marley, a close friend of Sinn Féin President Gerry Adams and a senior IRA member from Ardoyne, less than a month before. The IRA claimed in a statement that Marchant had been directly involved in the killing of Marley. On 1 May 1987, Marchant was given a full UVF paramilitary funeral. The address given at his funeral service, which denounced all paramilitary organisations and their acts of violence, was afterwards praised by Roman Catholic bishop Cathal Daly. Marchant's widow later gave her permission for their son to go to the USA in a Catholic/Protestant student exchange visit.
George Seawright, a member of Belfast City Council who also maintained clandestine UVF membership, stated in the aftermath of Marchant's shooting that he had "no hesitation in calling for revenge and retribution". Several months after Marchant's shooting, the UVF sought to avenge his death with an attempt on the life of Anthony "Booster" Hughes, a suspected IRA man from Ardoyne.
According to author and journalist Martin Dillon, Marchant's daily movements leading up to his death had been unpredictable and erratic; this indicated the possibility that just before his shooting someone had alerted the IRA by telephone, advising them of Marchant's presence on the Shankill Road. The IRA would normally have kept a hit squad on standby in a neighbourhood close to where their intended target was likely to be. Marchant's killing was the third assassination carried out in the 1980s by the IRA against senior UVF members. The UVF conducted an internal inquiry in an attempt to establish whether someone within the organisation had supplied information to the IRA which had led to the killings of Marchant and the other two: Lenny Murphy and John Bingham. Although the inquiry revealed that Marchant - as well as Murphy and Bingham - had quarrelled with powerful West Belfast UDA fund-raiser James Pratt Craig before their deaths, the UVF Brigade Staff did not consider the evidence sufficient to warrant an attack against Craig, who ran a large protection racket. According to Dillon, Marchant had been due to meet Craig outside "The Eagle" before he was shot dead. Instead of getting out of the car at the chip shop where Marchant waited, Craig got out at the Inter-City furniture shop on the corner of Conway Street. There he engaged in conversation with another person for five minutes. Within the five minutes, Marchant was gunned down just 50 yards away. In October 1988, Craig was shot to death in an East Belfast pub by the UDA (using their cover name Ulster Freedom Fighters) for "treason", claiming that he had been involved in the death of UDA leader John McMichael, who was blown up the previous December in a booby-trap car bomb planted by the IRA. Steve Bruce however disputes the claim that Craig was involved in Marchant's death and quotes another (anonymous) UVF member who stated that Marchant was "like a bloody cigar store Indian", spending long periods standing outside the PUP headquarters taking to various people.
At the junction of Spier's Place and the Shankill Road, there is a mural and memorial plaque commemorating Marchant.

</doc>
<doc id="31130577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130577" title="Sopwith Special torpedo seaplane Type C">
Sopwith Special torpedo seaplane Type C

The Sopwith Special torpedo seaplane Type C was the first British aircraft designed to drop torpedos. A single-engine biplane seaplane, it flew in July 1914 but proved unable to lift the design load and was soon abandoned. 
Design and development.
The Admiralty's interest in torpedo delivery by aircraft began in November 1913, expressed by an order placed with Sopwith for a "mock-up" seaplane torpedo carrier, the Sopwith Type TT. This was intended only to taxi, not fly; its trials extended over the following May and June. In February 1914, before trials of the Type TT had begun, this contract was extended to include a second, flying, experimental torpedo carrying seaplane. The resulting Special torpedo seaplane Type C was delivered to RNAS Calshot on 1 July 1914, carrying the RNAS serial number 170.
The Special was a four-bay biplane, with square-tipped, constant-chord, unequal-span wings connected by pairs of parallel interplane struts. The 4 ft (1.2 m) overhangs of the upper wings were braced with an extra pair of interplane struts, leaning outwards and attached to the lower wing at the same points as the outer vertical interplane struts. There were externally interconnected ailerons on both upper and lower wings. The lower wings were attached to the bottom fuselage and the upper ones supported well above the top of the fuselage.
The fuselage was a flat-sided girder structure; the crew occupied tandem cockpits, with the pilot at the rear. The 200 hp (150 kW) Salmson 2M7 water-cooled radial engine was placed just in front of the forward cockpit, close to the wing leading edge, with tall radiators on either side of the fuselage. It drove a two-bladed propeller via a long drive shaft within a markedly tapered nose. The Special had a pair of strut mounted main floats, supplemented with small wingtip and tail floats. The main floats were 16 ft 6 in (5.03 m) long, 2 ft 10 in (0.86 m) in the beam and 2 ft 4 in (1.18 m) deep, spaced 8 ft 6 in (2.59 m) apart. Each float had two sprung connections to its struttage.
The Special's performance turned out to be very disappointing. It was first taxi tested on 6 July 1914 at Calshot but would not take off. It flew for the first time three days later, though with only the pilot aboard and with little fuel. After it became clear that it could not lift its design load, it went back to Sopwith's for wing modifications. It returned to Calshot but was found still unfit for the torpedo dropping role. In November it was modified to carry bombs, but by January it was being broken up. In the meantime, a modified Short Admiralty Type 81 (S.84, RNAS serial 121) had become the first British aircraft to drop a torpedo, on 27 July 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="31130581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130581" title="Mihocheon">
Mihocheon

Miho-cheon (Korean:미호천), a tributary of Geum River, is a river beginning in Eumseong in Chungcheongbuk-do. Its length is about 37.5 km

</doc>
<doc id="31130589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130589" title="Saeed Aulaqi">
Saeed Aulaqi

Saeed Aulaqi (born 1940) is a Yemeni dramatist and fiction writer. His story "The Succession" has been translated into English and was anthologized in two anthologies published in the West ("The Literature of Modern Arabia", 1988 and "Modern Literatures of the Non-Western World", 1995). As a playwright, he has tackled revolutionary themes and published a number of plays: 
He also wrote a comprehensive history of the theatre in Yemen entitled "Sab’oun ‘Aaman Min al-Masrah Fi l-Yaman" (Seventy Years of Yemeni Theatre, 1980). 
According to the German scholar Gunther Orth, Aulaqi was born in 1946 in Aden.

</doc>
<doc id="31130603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130603" title="Cavan Scott">
Cavan Scott

Cavan Scott (born 17 April 1973) is a freelance author, journalist and editor. He is best known for his work on a variety of spin-offs from the BBC Television series "Doctor Who", often in collaboration with co-writer Mark Wright. He was also script editor on the first series of "" talking books and co-produced "Iris Wildthyme" for Big Finish Productions. As of 2014, he produces their Blake's 7 audio series.
He has written a number of books based upon the BBC Television series "Countryfile" and "Planet Dinosaur" as well as a range of books based on the children's video game franchises Skylanders and Angry Birds.
Scott conceived and launched "Countryfile Magazine" in 2007 and has written for over 30 national magazines and newspapers. He regularly appears on local and national radio commentating on rural affairs and has been a judge of various countryside awards including the RSPB Farming for Nature Award and the FARMA Farm Retailer of the Year. More recently he appeared on BBC Breakfast to discuss the casting of Peter Calpaldi as the 12th Doctor Who. 
In June 2013, Scott and Wright became Sunday Times Bestselling authors as Who-ology entered the Sunday Times Bestseller list. Scott is now working on a Warhammer 40,000 novella, scripts for The Beano, and numerous children's books for Puffin Books.
He also writes serialised children's books for "Fiction Express", the next of which is "Snaffles the Cat Burglar".
He lives near Bristol with his wife Clare and their daughters Chloe and Connie.

</doc>
<doc id="31130613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130613" title="Japan Soccer League Cup">
Japan Soccer League Cup

The Japan Soccer League Cup was the original league cup for clubs in the top levels of Japanese football before the creation of the J. League and its cup. The cup was first played in 1973, but did not become an annual tournament until 1976.
The JSL Cup included clubs from both the First Division and the Second Division. The format varied; sometimes the clubs played small group stages, other times it was an outright elimination, including only the clubs that were not recent promotions to the Second Division. During the season timeframe change of 1985, the cup was played within the year, a rule that stayed until the advent of the J. League.
Performances by team.
Teams are named using current nomenclature, or last one if they are defunct (denoted in "italics").

</doc>
<doc id="31130627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130627" title="Byron Andrews">
Byron Andrews

Byron Andrews (1852–1910) was an American journalist, ambassador, statesman, lecturer and author. He was part owner of the "National Tribune" newspaper and publishing company in Washington, D.C..
Early life and education.
Byron Andrews was born on October 25, 1852, in Argyle, Wisconsin. He is a son of John Cain Andrews and Sarah (Wright) Andrews. In 1868, his family moved to Evansville, Wisconsin where the Methodist church established a seminary that educated students for entrance into college. It was known as the Evansville Seminary of Wisconsin. After graduation in 1871, he moved to Geneva, New York where in 1875, earned a B.A. degree in journalism at "Hobart College", now known as Hobart and William Smith Colleges 
Career.
He went directly from college to newspaper work; served as a reporter on the Chicago Daily News. Then for four years, he was the Washington correspondent of the Chicago Inter Ocean and the St. Paul Pioneer Press. In 1880 he accompanied U.S. President, "General Ulysses S. Grant", on a tour through the West Indies and Mexico as his secretary and as correspondent, of the Chicago Inter Ocean and New York Tribune. As early as 1880, he was advertising representative for newspapers National Tribune, American Farmer and Boston Commonwealth in offices of the World Building (aka Pulitzer Building) in New York City. In 1884 he was hired an editor for the National Tribune of Washington, D.C., and by 1897 became one of its owners. He also filled many public positions of trust. In 1900, he earned a Honorary Degree from Hobert College.
Family.
Byron Andrews was the eldest child of John Cain Andrews(born in Norwalk, Ohio) and Sarah Wright(born in Barlestone, England). His siblings include: Marilla Andrews (wife of Edward Lyon Buchwalter), Eleanora Andrews, Jerome Andrews and Cassian Andrews. His grandparents are Thomas Browne Andrews of Baltimore, Maryland and Mary (Cain) Andrews, where she immigrated from Ireland in 1805. Moses Andrews was his great grandfather whose brother was the notable Rev. John Andrews (clergyman),D.D. Direct descendant of Anthony Andrews (High Sheriff of Rutland) and Edward Andrews (High Sheriff of Rutland).

</doc>
<doc id="31130629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130629" title="Archips betulana">
Archips betulana

Archips betulana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia south to Italy, Austria and Slovakia and from the Netherlands and Belgium east to southern Russia and the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.
It is extinct in Great Britain, where it was known from damp heathland in the neighbourhood of King's Lynn in Norfolk, where it was last seen around 1900.
The wingspan is 18–28 mm.
The larvae feed on "Betula", "Corylus", "Myrica gale" and "Vaccinium myrtillus". They feed between spun leaves. The larvae can be found from May to June.

</doc>
<doc id="31130630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130630" title="Papannapet">
Papannapet

Papannapet is a Mandal in Medak district of Telangana, India. It is bounded by Sankarampet, Tekmal, Kulcharam and Medak mandals of Medak district and Nizamabad district. Papannapet has an average elevation of 445 metres (1463 ft).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this mandal is as follows:
Papannapet village has a population of 5,160 in 2001.
Education.
Schools and colleges include:
History.
Once upon a time.papannapet village name also called as "సమాస్తానం పాపన్నపేట".Because that village was ruled by Great Queen Shankaramma (శంకరమ్మ ). She ruled some villages by taking capital of papannapet. Now we can find mansions, hills in this village.
Culture.
There is famous Edupayala Vana Durga Bhavani temple at Nagasanpalli Vby mandal papannapet. The Temple maintenance was under family members of Peddalachannagari's under Nizam's rule and now it is under Endowment of A.P Govt. Peddalachannagai Durga Reddy was first chairman of the temple Trust board. Edupayala jatara is considered to be the second largest congregation of devotees after the Sammakka-Sarakka Jatara in Telangana region. It has been accorded state festival last year.
Villages.
The villages in Papannapet mandal includes: Abilapur, Annaram, Arkela, Bacharam, Cheekode, Chitriyal, Gajulagudem, Gandharpalle, Kodpaka, Kothapalle, Kurthiwada, Laxminagar, Lingaipalle, Mallampet, Minpur, Nagasanpalle, Narsingi, Papannapet, Podichanpalle Thanda, Podichenpalle, Ramathirtham, Yellapoor, Yousufpet,Peroor,Jayapuram,Kompally.
References.
PEDDOLLA RAMULU
Pathalingaipally,
KODAPAKA PRASAD PAPANNAPET

</doc>
<doc id="31130638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130638" title="Wilfred Bolton">
Wilfred Bolton

Wilfred Bolton (1862–1930) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1882 to 1887.
Early life.
Wilfred Bolton was born on 14 September 1862.
Rugby union career.
Bolton made his international debut on 6 February 1882 at Lansdowne Road in the Ireland vs England match.
Of the 11 matches he played for his national side he was on the winning side on 7 occasions.
He played his final match for England on 5 March 1887 at Whalley Range, Manchester in the England vs Scotland match.
International tries.
Source for information in table below: Profile of Wilfred Bolton at ESPN Scrum.com

</doc>
<doc id="31130652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130652" title="Robert Sherman (music critic)">
Robert Sherman (music critic)

Robert Sherman (born July 1932) is an award-winning American radio broadcaster, bestselling author, music critic, writer, and educator. He achieved great success as a host of such radio programs as the award-winning folk music program “Woody’s Children” and the nationally-broadcast “The Listening Room” which were broadcast by station WQXR in New York. 
As an author, Sherman has been a music critic and columnist for "The New York Times" for more than forty years as well as the author of numerous books including two bestsellers he co-authored with pianist and comedian Victor Borge. He is the author of the book "The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Classical Music", published in 1997. As an educator, he has served in the faculty of the Juilliard School for nearly twenty years. He is the son of famous pianist Nadia Reisenberg and the nephew of noted thereminist Clara Rockmore.
Career.
Robert Sherman began his broadcasting career at radio station WQXR in New York as first as both the Music Director and Program Manager, and later Senior Consultant. In 1969, began hosting the popular radio folk program “Woody’s Children” which can now be heard on WFUV. In 1970, “The Listening Room” debuted with Sherman as the host and was picked up to be nationally broadcast. 
Sherman soon extended his hosting talents to the television format when he began hosting the program “Vibrations” on PBS and “Camera Three” on CBS both in 1972. During this time he continued working at WQXR hosting several more radio programs from the late 1970s to the 2000s. Today, Sherman can still be found on the airwaves broadcasting on Sirius XM Radio. In 1964, Sherman began contributing regularly to "The New York Times" as both a music columnist and critic and in 1969 he began his career as a lecturer and educator at New York University, teaching there for almost twenty years. In 1971 and 1980, respectively, Sherman published two bestselling books "My Favorite Intermissions" and "My Favorite Comedies in Music" in collaboration with Victor Borge. 
Robert Sherman is also a concert narrator for such groups as the Greenwich Symphony and Canadian Brass. He serves on the advisory boards of a multitude of cultural organizations where he performs such duties as competition judge, pre-concert lecturer, and panel moderator, and fundraising emcee. He hosts the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts presentation of the annual Avery Fisher Career Grants and hosts and produces the McGraw-Hill Companies' Young Artists Showcase.
Recent Ventures.
For the past few years, Sherman has spent much of his time preserving the memories of both his mother, the pianist Nadia Reisenberg, and his aunt, noted thereminist Clara Rockmore, through the management of biographies, memorial events, and the writing of commentaries on their recordings. In collaboration with his brother, Alexander Sherman, Robert Sherman has completed the project of releasing a book about his mother entitled "Nadia Reisenberg: A Musician’s Scrapbook" which was published by The International Piano Archives at Maryland in 1986. Sherman was also a part of Clara Rockmore's "Lost Theremin Album" release in 2006 on Bridge Records. Sherman remains active in broadcasting, lecturing, narrating, and writing.

</doc>
<doc id="31130661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130661" title="Pacific Slope">
Pacific Slope

The Pacific Slope describes geographic regions in North American, Central American, and South American countries that are west of the continental divide and slope down to the Pacific Ocean. In North America, the Rocky Mountains mark the eastern border of the Pacific Slope. In Central and South America, the region is much narrower, confined by the Sierra Madre Occidental in Central America, and by the Andes in South America. The phrase is still used today mostly for scientific purposes to refer to regions inhabited by specific species.
It was and is still occasionally used to describe the region in North America during the 19th century and the expansion of the Old West. It includes the states and territories west of the continental divide that runs down the Rocky Mountains in North America. This included the territories and the states that emerged from them, including California, Oregon Territory, Washington Territory, Nevada Territory, Idaho Territory, Colorado Territory, and Utah Territory. The region is drained by the Columbia, Sacramento, San Joaquin and Colorado River systems. In the United States, the Pacific-slope Flycatcher takes its name from the region it inhabits.
In Central America, it includes the mountain and coastal regions west of the Continental Divide in Mexico and southern Guatemala, southwestern Honduras, western Nicaragua, and western/southwestern Costa Rica, and southern Panama. In Guatemala, the Pacific Slope region is a humid plain of fertile land divided into widespread plantations (fincas) that grow abundant crops including sugarcane, bananas, and rubber. In Costa Rica, the Pacific Slope refers to the region west of the continental divide at Monteverde, Costa Rica.
In South America, the Pacific Slope is the narrow region west of the highest points of the Andes, including western Colombia, central Ecuador, western and southwestern Peru, and eastern Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31130663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130663" title="Kazusa-Ōkubo Station">
Kazusa-Ōkubo Station

History.
Kazusa-Ōkubo Station was opened on May 16, 1928. It has been unattended since 1956.
Station layout.
Kazusa-Ōkubo Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. There is a small rain shelter built on the platform, but no station building. 

</doc>
<doc id="31130668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130668" title="Tokyo Soccer Club">
Tokyo Soccer Club

It is the oldest Japanese club team, founded in 1917, and it was the first to win the Emperor's Cup, the top national cup in Japan. Very much like Sheffield F.C. in England or Queen's Park F.C. in Scotland, it's staunch amateur ideals forced it by the wayside as company clubs, and later fully professionalized clubs, took over the game.
The club now participates in the Tokyo District League, fifth level of the Japanese football league system, since its founding in 1967. It earned second place in 1978 and 1983. Its farm team, Tōshū club also participates in the prefectural league.

</doc>
<doc id="31130671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130671" title="Wendel (group)">
Wendel (group)

Wendel is a French investment company. The company is managed by François de Wendel, Chairman of the Supervisory board and Frédéric Lemoine, Chairman of the Executive board.
Shareholders.
Its main shareholders are:
Subsidiaries and participations.
Wendel is the reference shareholder of the following main companies:
News.
In April 2014, Wendel confirmed that the acquisition of Clariant’s Leather Services division by Stahl has been completed. In exchange for the sale of its assets to Stahl, Clariant received 23% of the shares of Stahl and a cash payment of €74 million. Wendel remains the principal shareholder of Stahl, with c.70% of the group’s capital
In April 2014, Wendel increases its total investment in IHS to $475 million 
In December 2013, Wendel realized its first investment in Japan, through Oranje Nassau Développement, with the acquisition of Nippon Oil Pump Co., Ltd. (NOP). Wendel has invested ¥3,2bn (c.€24M), subject to price adjustments, and holds 98% of the company, alongside management
In November 2013, Wendel pursues its strategy of investment in Africa, becoming a shareholder of the pan-African group Saham, based in Morocco and majority-held by its founder and CEO, Moulay Hafid Elalamy. Wendel intends to support Saham in its future, long-term growth and development
In July 2013, Wendel increases it investment in IHS Holding to $276 million.
In June 2013, after 11 years as reference shareholder, Wendel completes the successful sale of its remaining stake in Legrand.
In April 2013, the rating agency Standard & Poor's raised its long-term rating on Wendel from "BB" to "BB+", with stable outlook.
In October 2012, Wendel announces its first investment in Africa, continent with the economic growth among the most dynamic in the world. Wendel will become the major shareholder of IHS, main Pan-African phone tower group.
In April 2012, after obtaining the necessary authorizations, Wendel sold Deutsch to the industrial group TE Connectivity.
In March 2012, Frédéric Mitterrand, Minister of Culture, awarded Wendel with the distinction of Great Patron of Culture. This distinction acknowledges its commitment to arts and in particular to the Centre Pompidou-Metz.
In July 2011, Wendel announced the acquisition of Mecatherm, the world leader in industrial bakery equipment.
In July 2011, the rating agency Standard & Poor’s revised from « stable » to « positive » Wendel’s « BB- » credit rating after the company improved its financial profile, including its « loan to value » ratio.
In June 2011, Wendel became reference shareholder of the Swiss technology company Exceet Group AG, via the investment structure Helikos.
In May 2011, Wendel and Saint-Gobain established the principles and objectives of their long-term cooperation.
In March 2011, Wendel bought the car rental specialist Parcours for €107m.
Shareholder of Stallergenes since 1993, Wendel sold its shares (46%) of the world leader in immunotherapy treatment for allergic respiratory diseases, to Ares Life Sciences in November 2010.
In May 2010, Wendel became the founding sponsor of the Centre Pompidou-Metz.
In June 2008, Sophie Boegner, Ernest-Antoine Seillière's cousin, denounced the conditions through which 15 Wendel managers invested in 4.7% of the company's stock in May 2007. In August 2011, the public prosecutor dismissed the case. In a sequence of dismissal, Judge Renaud Van Ruymbeke pronounced which if a leaders of Wendel completed “significant gains” in reorder of a collateral Wendel, “this actuality alone can not concede a characterization of injustice of association assets”. The public prosecutor had previously closed the "misappropriation of funds and concealment" case, deeming that no penal qualification resulted from the case, given the contradictory elements transmitted by the Autorité des marchés financiers and given the results of an internal investigation.
In May 2008, Wendel sold Editis to the Spanish group Planeta. 
In October 2007, the Initial Public Offering of Bureau Veritas brought 1.2 billion euros. Wendel has stayed the majority shareholder with 63%.
In September 2007, Wendel sold the totality of its 2.4% shares in Neuf Cegetel for €148M. 
Wendel also became during the Autumn 2007 the first shareholder of Saint-Gobain, a leader in construction materials, by exceeding 15%.

</doc>
<doc id="31130676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130676" title="Charlie Barnabe">
Charlie Barnabe

Charles Edward Barnabe (June 12, 1900 – August 16, 1977) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Chicago White Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="31130689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130689" title="List of Latvian records in swimming">
List of Latvian records in swimming

The Latvian records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from Latvia, which are recognised and ratified by Latvijas Peldesanas Federacija.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="31130708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130708" title="Gagri">
Gagri

"Gagri"' is a village in the Sihala unian council of the Islamabad Capital Territory in Pakistan. The village is divided into dhoks: Gagri Mirzian, Gagri Jatal, Dhoke Shian, Pind Gagri, Bhandar, Dhoke Rajput, Dhoke Darzian and Nai Abadi Bhandar.
Gagri is located at the Japan Road about half a kilometre from the Bhandar U-turn on the Islamabad Highway. The Japan Road was constructed in 1989-1990 by the Japanese Government as part of the Pak-Japan Friendship and stretches from Bhandar to Chakkian village.
People.
The main Tribes living in the area are:
Most of the people of this area are currently serving or have served in the Pakistan Army or in another Defense capacity such as with the KRL (military research institution), PEC (engineering regulatory authority) or SPD (strategic planning division for military operations). Agricultural jobs are the most common here. 
Children are educated at a high school for girls and a middle school for boys in Pind Gagri.
Transportation.
A railway line passes through the village and there is a heavy railway bridge constructed by the British government in 1860 that crosses the Soan river on the southern side of Dhoke Shian. On the southern side of Gagri, the Soan river flows west to east, meeting with the Ling Stream just before Cock Pull, near MAJU university. 
Soan River flooding.
In recent years, the Soan River has flooded often. The largest floods occurred in 1974, 1992, 1998 and 2010, when rains in the hills caused heavy flooding. 1992 was the worst flood in the Soan River's history, with floodwaters passing over Cock Pull. 
Weather.
The weather in this area is similar to the rest of upper Punjab. The temperature ranges from 0 degrees Celsius in winter to 45 degrees Celsius in summer. The Soan River and Ling Stream create heavy fog on December and January mornings, and in July and August there are heavy rains in the area. The best seasons are February to March and October to November. 

</doc>
<doc id="31130709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130709" title="Lutf al-Sarary">
Lutf al-Sarary

Lutf al-Sarary is a Yemeni short story writer and journalist. Born in the countryside, he moved to Taiz as a youth. After graduation, he worked as a manager at Taiz University. His first piece was published in 2006 in the Yemeni newspaper "al-Thaqafiah". He gradually made the switch to journalism, eventually becoming cultural editor of "Hadeth al-Madenah". His first collection of short stories entitled "Like Who Smokes One Cigarette in One Breath" came out in 2009 and was well received by Yemeni critics.

</doc>
<doc id="31130713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130713" title="Warm-glow giving">
Warm-glow giving

Warm-glow giving is an economic phenomenon described by James Andreoni in 1989 that attempts to explain why people give to charity by proposing that people engage in impure altruism. Instead of being motivated solely by an interest in the welfare of the recipients of their largess, "warm-glow givers" also receive utility from the act of giving. This utility is in the form of warm glow—the positive emotional feeling people get from helping others.
Competing motives for charitable giving include pure altruism—in which there is no internal or external reward for giving or helping people, as well as the egoistic motivation for donating. Egoistic motivation may come from the boost to self-esteem that people get from thinking of themselves as selfless and socially responsible, and/or from other people's recognition of their philanthropy.
Further research has demonstrated that the reward centers of the brain activate in response to charitable giving and helping others, suggesting physiological evidence for the warm-glow phenomenon. 

</doc>
<doc id="31130724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130724" title="Afonin">
Afonin

Afonin () is a Russian surname derived from "Afonya", a short form of the name Afanasy. The surname literally means "Afonya's". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31130749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130749" title="Doulatabad">
Doulatabad

Doultabad, Doulatabad, Daulatabad, Devagiri, and Deogiri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31130751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130751" title="Yallanzai">
Yallanzai

Yallanzai (یلانزئی ) or Alanzai is a Rind tribe in the Balochistan region of Pakistan, Iran and Afghanistan. In Pakistan the Yallanzai tribe is settled in the ZAMURAN , Kharan, Noshki, Chagai, and Quetta districts as well as the villages of Buleda and Shadadkot (Sindh province).
The subtribes of Yallanzai are: 

</doc>
<doc id="31130766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130766" title="Jevrem Jezdić">
Jevrem Jezdić

Jevrem Jezdić (March 13, 1916 – December 9, 1997) was a Serbian historian, publicist and writer. Most of his books were not published in Serbian. 
Biography.
Jezdić was born in Polača, at the time in Austria-Hungary, today’s Croatia.
At the end of the 1950s Jezdić illegally fled to the USSR together with his wife and daughter, as a part of the so-called "informbiro" emigration. As a sympathizer of Joseph Stalin he was forced to escape to avoid persecution. When he arrived in Moscow, he was arrested under the allegation that he was a spy of the Communistic Party of Yugoslavia. He spent three months in the notorious prison Lubyanka in Moscow. He was released thanks to the initiative of some influential members of the NKVD secret police. Ana Jezdić, his wife, spent more than five months in the prison. Her health was greatly damaged in the prison, so she died by the end of 1951 from pneumonia. Jezdić remained a true communist, but he never forgave the USSR authorities for the death of his wife.
He died in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Philosophical work of Jevrem Jezdić.
During his long carrier, Jezdić wrote several dozens of philosophical discussions, of which only a few were published. Criticism of the authorities was one of his dominant motives. One of his crucial works is a discussion entitled, "Instead of the Law", which has an idealistic view on anarchism. It was published only in French. 
One of Jezdić's early role-models was the Russian revolutionist and philosopher Mikhail Bakunin, because of his tempestuous life.
The most colorful character from Jezdić’s novel "Contempt" is a mysterious old man Aleksei Krinkop, who shouts: "Where authorities exist, freedom is gone", which is a motto of several anarchistic groups. This character was based upon the Russian philosopher, historian, and writer Peter Kropotkin. Jezdić also wrote the analysis of the Russo-Japanese War, and the Russian revolution of 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="31130781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130781" title="Olethreutes palustrana">
Olethreutes palustrana

Olethreutes palustrana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe, except the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula. It is also known from the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone and North America. The habitat consists of heathland with scattered trees.
The wingspan is 14–16 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of May to August.
The larvae feed on various mosses, including "Dicranum" species. They live in a silken tube or gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="31130782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130782" title="Tsukizaki Station">
Tsukizaki Station

History.
Tsukizaki Station was opened on September 1, 1926. It has been unattended since 1967.
Station layout.
Kazusa-Ōkubo Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. There is an island platform to the side, which is now used. The old, wooden, station building has a waiting room only, and no ticket gate. 

</doc>
<doc id="31130785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130785" title="Verziere Column">
Verziere Column

The Verziere Column (in Italian: Colonna del Verziere) is a baroque-manneristic monumental column dedicated to "Jesus Christ the Redeemer", in Milan, Italy. The column is located in Largo Augusto and it is named after the "Verziere", the traditional greengrocery street market of Milan that, until 1783, was located in the surrounding district. The construction of the column began in 1580, but it was only completed in 1673.
While the column was originally intended as a votive, religious monument, after the unification of Italy it was also used as a monument to commemorate the martyrs who died during the Five Days of Milan. Bronze plaques on the basement were added, bearing the names of 354 Milanese that were killed in the riots.
The top of the column has a statue of "Christ the Redemeer" ("Cristo Redentore" in Italian) that was realized by Giuseppe and Gian Battista Vismara and designed by the renowned Milanese architect Francesco Maria Richini.
History.
The construction of the column was ordered by the "Confraternity of the Sacred Cross of Porta Tosa", a Milanese religious order which had its headquarters in the area. The purpose of the column was twofold; it was meant both a votive offering to celebrate the end of the epidemic of plague that occurred in Milan in 1576-1577, and as a symbol of the power of Christianity to be opposed to the malicious power of the witches that were believed to inhabit the neighbourhood. The column itself was built in Baveno and brought to Milan by boat; at the time, the Verziere itself could be reached by boat through Milan's canal system.
The column was first completed in 1583, but legal and bureaucratic problems followed; the column was demolished, and the reconstruction had several false starts, so that the completion was eventually delayed until 1611. Also because of bureaucratic issues, the statue of Jesus Christ could not be placed on top of the column until 1673.
The column in Milanese folklore.
As a consequence of the fact that the old Verziere was traditionally associated with witchcraft and magic, and of the slowness of the building works of the column, the column itself has a "haunted" reputation in Milanese folklore. A traditional story has it that the statue of Jesus Christ was originally facing towards the Verziere (which is not the direction it is facing now) and that Christ turned its head when a girl named "Barbarinetta" committed suicide by leaping off a balcony in the Verziere plaza.

</doc>
<doc id="31130786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130786" title="Clemelis pullata">
Clemelis pullata

Clemelis pullata is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="31130791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130791" title="Kosta Angeli Radovani">
Kosta Angeli Radovani

Kosta Angeli Radovani (6 October 1916 – 27 February 2002) was a Croatian sculptor and member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts.
After World War II he was one of the founders of the Zagreb Academy of Applied Arts in 1950 where he was the head of the department of sculpture until the academy closed in 1955. From 1977 until his retirement in 1987 he worked as a professor at the Department of Sculpture at the Faculty of Fine Arts in Sarajevo. He was a guest professor at the International Summer Academy in Salzburg in 1987, 1988 and 1991.
In his artistic work, he primarily dealt with the human figure, and his oeuvre contains many nudes and portraits. He made over 30 large-scale public sculptures, such as the one dedicated to the Drežnica Uprising (1949), a monument dedicated to the Zagreb victims who died in NOB Dotrščina, Zagreb (1988–1991) and the monument dedicated to Franjo Bučar located on the Sports Square, Zagreb (1991). A series of some 20 female nudes entitled "Dunje" are considered to hold an important place in his oeuvre. Radovani also made small sculptures and medals and his opus contains 400 portraits and almost the same number of portrait medals, as well as over 800 small sculptures.
Radovani exhibited at many solo exhibitions in Croatia and abroad (Athens, Prague, Tunis, Salzburg, Pordenone), and participated in more than 600 group exhibitions, 50 of which were of international significance. In 1950 he participated at the Venice Biennale along with Vanja Radauš, Vojin Bakić and Zoran Mušič. In 1973 he had a retrospective exhibition at the Modern Gallery in Zagreb, on which occasion a monograph was published to mark 40 years of his work. He received many awards for his work and in 1987 he received the Vladimir Nazor Award for life achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="31130819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130819" title="Doultabad, Medak">
Doultabad, Medak

Doultabad () is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Doultabad mandal includes: Anajpur, Ankireddipalli, Arepalle, Begumpeta, Chinnamasanpalle, Dommat, Doultabad, Gajulapally, Godugupalle, Gollapally, Indupriyal, Kothapalle, Lingarajpalle, Lingareddipalli, Machanpalle, Mantoor, Mohamadshapur, Mubaraspur, Ramaram, Ramsagar, Rayapole, Seripallibandaram, Surampalle, Timmakkapalli, Tirumalapur, Waddepalle, Yelkal etc..

</doc>
<doc id="31130826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130826" title="Muhammad Umar Bahah">
Muhammad Umar Bahah

Muhammad Umar Bahah is a Yemeni writer and journalist. Originally from South Yemen, he wrote for several newspapers and was press secretary of Ali Nasir Muhammad, two-time president of South Yemen. Bahah's work has been translated into English and Italian and was included in the anthologies "Oranges in the Sun" (2006) and "Perle dello Yemen" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="31130834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130834" title="Frédéric Lemoine">
Frédéric Lemoine

Frédéric Lemoine (born 27 June 1965) is a French businessman, Chairman of Wendel’s Executive Board since April 2009
, after being Member of the Supervisory Board of Wendel from June 2008 to April 2009. As such, he is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas since November 2013 and Board member of Saint-Gobain.
Since January 2011, he is a Board member of Insead.
Business career.
From April 2009 to July 2013, he was member of the Legrand's board of Directors.
From February 2005 to March 15, 2012, he was Board member of Groupama SA and Chairman of the Audit and Accounts Committee from February 2005 to March 2011.
Between March 2005 and April 2009, he was Chairman of the Advisory Board of Areva.
From 2006 to 2009, he was a member of the Supervisory Board then non-voting director of Générale de Santé.
From October 2004 to May 2008, he was Senior Advisor to McKinsey.
From May 2002 to June 2004, he was deputy General Secretary of the French Presidency with President Jacques Chirac, in charge of economic and financial affairs and other areas.
From 1998 to 2002, he was Delegated CEO then CFO of Capgemini, and then Group VP in charge of finance of Capgemini Ernst & Young.
From 1995 to 1997, he was deputy chief of staff of the Minister of Labor and Social Affairs (Jacques Barrot), in charge of coordinating reform of the national health insurance system and hospital reform. At the same time he was a chargé de mission with the Secretary of State for Healthcare and the National Health Insurance system (Hervé Gaymard).
In 1992 and 1993, he headed the Institut du Coeur of Hô Chi Minh-City, in Vietnam, for a year, and in 2004, he became until May 2011, General Secretary of the Fondation Alain Carpentier, which supports this hospital.
He is a graduate of HEC Paris (class of 1986) and Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris (1987). He holds a Law degree and is a graduate of École nationale d'administration (Victor Hugo promotion).
He is a Knight of the National Order of Merit and a Knight of the Legion of Honour.

</doc>
<doc id="31130837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130837" title="Robin Baker (biologist)">
Robin Baker (biologist)

Robin Baker (born 13 March 1944) is a British novelist, popular science writer, lecturer and broadcaster. A best-selling author in the field of sexual biology his books have been translated into 28 different languages. These include the international bestseller Sperm Wars which was based on his own lab’s original research on human sexuality. His work and ideas on the evolution of human behaviour have been featured in many radio and television programmes around the world.
Biography.
Born in Wiltshire, England in 1944, Robin Baker grew up in the small village of Manningford Bruce in the Vale of Pewsey. Educated at Marlborough Royal Free Grammar School, where thirty years earlier the author William Golding had also been educated, he gained his BSc degree (a First Class in Zoology) from the University of Bristol in 1965, where he also gained a doctorate in 1969 under H. E. Hinton, FRS (1912–1977). His Ph.D. thesis was on the evolution of the migratory habit in butterflies and applied for the first time the principles of the new and growing disciplines of behavioural ecology and evolutionary biology to the field of insect migration. This work was subsequently published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society. He moved to the University of Newcastle upon Tyne in 1970 and from there to the University of Manchester in 1974 where he was first a lecturer, and in 1981 a Reader in Zoology in the School of Biological Sciences. In 1996 he left academic life to concentrate on his career in writing and broadcasting. He currently lives in the foothills of the Sierras in Southern Spain with his family. He has four sons and two daughters. 
Academic Work
Although his early work was on evolutionary aspects of insect migration and territoriality, his interests broadened. With G.A. Parker and V.G.F. Smith in 1972, he proposed a leading theory for the evolution of anisogamy and two sexes and in 1979, with G.A. Parker he proposed the Unprofitable Prey Theory of the evolution of bird coloration. In 1978 in his book "The Evolutionary Ecology of Animal Migration" he wrote for the first time on the theme that permeated his work for the rest of his academic life: the application of the principles of evolutionary biology to the behaviour of humans. This led in the 1980s to controversial work on the role of magnetoreception in the navigation of humans, and in the 1990s (with Mark Bellis) to a study of sperm competition in humans and rats, including proposal of the kamikaze sperm hypothesis. Baker and Bellis’ research into the evolutionary biology of infidelity, masturbation, sperm polymorphism, and sperm number in humans, as well as into the design and function of the human penis and cervix led to a number of scientific papers and an academic book: "Human Sperm Competition: copulation, masturbation and infidelity".
Writing.
As well as being the author of around one hundred scientific papers and six academic books, Robin Baker is the author of four popular science books: "Sperm Wars"; "Baby Wars"; "Sex in the Future"; and "Fragile Science". He has also written three novels: "Primal"; "Caballito"; and "The Hitchhiker’s Child" which under the guise of being sexual whodunits continue the theme of the evolution of human sexual behaviour. His first novel, "Primal", was likened to both the TV series "Lost" and William Golding’s "Lord of the Flies". It describes a group of university students and staff stranded on a remote desert island occupied by feral chimpanzees. Bit by bit the people find themselves stripped of all the trappings of civilization until like the apes around them they have only their instincts to guide them.

</doc>
<doc id="31130856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130856" title="Pandemis corylana">
Pandemis corylana

The Chequered Fruit-tree Tortrix, Hazel Tortrix Moth, Filbert Tortricid or Barred Fruit Tree Moth ("Pandemis corylana") is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from northern and central Europe to Siberia, Korea and Japan.
The wingspan is 18–24 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August in western Europe. In Korea, adults are on wing from early June to the end of September. Adults hide amongst foliage during the day, usually in the more open parts of the woods and fly freely at dusk.
The larvae feed on the leaves of various deciduous trees and shrubs, including "Corylus", "Fraxinus", "Prunus", "Quercus", "Rubus", "Swida sanguinea", "Betula", "Fagus", "Larix", "Pinus", "Rhamnus frangula", "Thelycrania sanguinea" and "Vaccinium". They live in spun leaves or in a longitudinally folded leaf. Larvae can be found from May to July. Pupation occurs in the larval habitation.
It is an occasional pest of cultivated nut and fruit trees.

</doc>
<doc id="31130869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130869" title="Ramjas School, Pusa Road">
Ramjas School, Pusa Road

Ramjas School is a co-educational, senior secondary four-section school in New Delhi, India, affiliated with the CBSE. It was founded by Rai Kedarnath who named it after his father. The school is funded and run by the Ramjas Trust. The school has about 1,200 students and 75 teachers.
Subjects and activities.
Classes are primarily taught in English. Other languages used are Hindi, Sanskrit and Spanish. Beyond Class 10 a student can choose either science or commerce stream.
School activities include music, dance, arts, table tennis, volleyball, basketball, and computers.

</doc>
<doc id="31130871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130871" title="Triple Alliance (1596)">
Triple Alliance (1596)

The Triple Alliance of 1596 (full title: Tract of alliance between England, France and the United Netherlands), was an alliance between England, France and the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands. The Republic joined as a third party to an earlier agreement between England and France, but the alliance did in fact not take effect until the Republic joined. By signing the treaty, France and England were the first states to recognize the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands as an independent state. The three parties in the alliance were all at war with Spain. There had been attempts to convince magnates from the Holy Roman Empire to join the alliance, but they did not want to enter the war against Spain. The alliance, amongst other things, agreed to help maintain their respective armies. The alliance was in effect for only a few years.
Situation.
England.
Elizabeth I had become queen of England in 1558. She was the successor of Mary I of England, who had conducted a reign of terror against Protestants in an attempt to restore the Catholic Church in England. Mary had married Philip II, the king of Spain in her final years. Elizabeth I supported Protestants and over time began to see the Catholics as potential enemies and supporters of Philip II.
From the mid eighties of the 16th century, England openly supported the revolt in the Netherlands, which started in 1568. Relations between Spain and England had long been tense. These tensions led to the breakout of the Anglo-Spanish War in 1585, and resulted in the destruction of the Spanish fleet and the failed invasion of England by the Spanish Armada in 1588. Since then Spain spent considerable effort to rebuild its fleet. Elizabeth's strategy was to destroy any new Spanish ships before they could take any action. Following this strategy, a combined Anglo-Dutch fleet successfully attacked the Spanish fleet at Cádiz, where, amongst other results, two Spanish warships were captured.
France.
The Huguenot Wars, a constantly resurging conflict between Catholics and Protestants, had been raging in France since 1562. In 1570 the Catholics and Protestants signed a peace treaty which would be sealed two years later, on August 18, 1572, by the marriage between the Protestant Henry of Navarre and the Catholic Marguerite de Valois, sister of the French King. On August 22, A few days after the marriage took place, a failed assassination attempt on the Protestant leader Admiral Gaspard de Coligny led to the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre. On the night of 23 to 24 August, thousands of French Protestants, including Coligny, were killed. The struggle between Catholics and Protestants erupted again in all its ferocity. Henry of Navarre was captured by the Catholics during the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre, and forced to convert to the Catholic faith. In 1576, after four years of imprisonment at the court, Henry of Navarre managed to escape. Fleeing to Protestant territory, he immediately reconverted to the Protestant faith.
Meanwhile, the Catholic League, led by Henry of Guise, a childhood friend of Henry III, began to worry about the succession. The Catholic King Henry III was childless, and after the death of his younger brother Francis of Anjou in 1584, according to the Salic Laws the Protestant Henry of Navarre was the next in line of succession, being a descendant of thirteenth-century King Louis IX. Within the Catholic faction, particularly among residents of Paris, there was support for a takeover of the throne by Henry of Guise. In 1588, after a military victory over Henry of Navarre, Guise entered Paris, where he was greeted royally by the people. Henry III was forced to withdraw to the Louvre. After the French States-General proved unwilling to support him against De Guise, Henry III had Guise assassinated on 23 December 1588. The following year he reconciled with Henry of Navarre. Together they defeated the radical Catholic armies of the Catholic League and then besieged Paris, where the Catholic faction was still in power. On August 1, 1589, Henry III was fatally stabbed by a fanatical monk named Jacques Clement. Henry III died the next day from his injuries.
After Henry III's death, Henry of Navarre had himself proclaimed as King Henry IV of France. For Philip II of Spain this was reason enough to enter the struggle in France on the side of the Catholic faction. His plan was to put his daughter, Isabella of Spain, on the French throne in order to secure the survival and supremacy of Catholicism in France. Amongst other actions, Philip sent his general Alexander Farnese, duke of Parma, to France. Parma, who had been very successful in leading the Army of Flanders against the Dutch Republic, managed to end the siege of Paris. Farnese achieved some military successes but died in 1592. Henry IV eventually achieved victory in 1593, partially by converting to the Catholic faith (reportedly saying "Paris vaut bien une messe", 'Paris is worth a Mass') and then on February 27, 1593, was finally crowned King of France.
The Spanish troops remained active in France, however, with the goal of putting Philip's daughter on the French throne. Henry was thus forced to enter the war against Philip II, even though he considered negotiating peace with Spain several times.
The Republic of the Seven United Netherlands.
The Eighty Years' War had been raging in and around the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands since the 1568, though in that time it was still called a revolt. Since the beginning of the revolt, religious freedom had been, after the tax (the so-called "tenth penny of Alba", an early form of VAT), one of the main reasons used to justify the rebellion against the King of Spain, Philip II. The Reformation had taken hold in large parts of the Low Countries. Since 1568 both parties had had their share of victories and defeats. From 1589 Maurice of Orange was, as commander of the Dutch army, the main military leader of the Republic. He was supported by his cousin William Louis of Nassau-Dillenburg, who was stadtholder of Friesland. Maurice and William Louis carried out their military operations in close collaboration with the States-General of the Netherlands, which provided the funds for the army.
Already in 1585, England aided the Republic by sending 6000 soldiers under the command of Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester. In return, England was given the towns of Brill and Flushing on lease. The presence of the Earl of Leicester was not a success and the Republic perceived him mainly as a burden, since England had to be paid for the English forces that had been sent. The Earl had been assigned by Elizabeth I to push for peace between the Republic and Spain, which ultimately resulted in the Earl's forced departure from the Republic in 1587. In the subsequent decades, Maurice of Orange and William Louis of Nassau-Dillenburg obtained a number of victories over the Spanish, expanding the territory over which the States-General had control considerably. The conquered territory included amongst others, Twente, the county of Zutphen, the Oversticht, Groningen and the Ommelanden.
Spain.
During the 16th century Spain was a powerful nation, led by King Philip II. Seeing himself as the most powerful monarch in Europe, and a staunch catholic, Philip saw it as his job to lead the Counter Reformation against the emerging Protestantism. Because his territorial domains also included Portugal, Sicily, Sardinia and Naples, he was able to exert a powerful influence over much of Europe. He was also Lord of the Netherlands, where, since the Beggars Revolt in 1572, Protestants had taken control of a number of cities, which meant that he now had to face Protestants inside of his own territories.
Spain had the open support of the various popes in the 16th century, including Pope Clement VIII, who was pope from 1592 to 1605. Other states who openly stood on the side of Spain were Savoy and Lorraine.
Alliance.
In 1595 both England, France and the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands had by now been in a long conflict with Spain. There were also other states that resisted Spanish supremacy over Europe, including some German states and some Italian areas which were controlled by Spaniards. An alliance between Spain's opponents therefore seemed to be a logical course of action.
Formation.
Notably France and the Republic made efforts to form an alliance. The problem was that an alliance between these two countries, without the addition of other states, was not powerful enough and would earn little respect. A third party was needed and England fit the profile perfectly. If England joined the alliance, several German princes could also be tempted to join. Henry IV was reluctant to ask Elizabeth to participate in an alliance because it could be seen as a cry for help. The Republic took the opposite view that Elizabeth should be invited immediately, because otherwise the possibility of English support would be very small. Delaying the invitation could be interpreted by England as passing over a potential ally.
The Republic also tried to involve other, notably German, states in the alliance. Reasons for this were that the support of England was thought to be insecure, which created the possibility of the domination of the alliance by France. In addition, the German states had many troops at their disposal. The German princes were mainly focused on their own territories because of the struggle between Lutherans and Calvinists. Negotiations were started with the Electorate of the Palatinate and the Electorate of Brandenburg, but the German Emperor blocked the way to an agreement. The Emperor was opposed to the participation of the German Electorates in treaties with foreign powers, which could drag the German principalities into a civil war.
Around 1595, Elizabeth I of England was not very interested in forming an alliance with the Republic and France. She was very apprehensive about the possibility that the Republic could become a major naval power and a major competitor of England. Elizabeth saw the kingdom of France as an eternal enemy. While she was not looking for the demise of the kingdom, she was also not prepared to help France become a world power.
In 1596 the attitude of Elizabeth I changed. This had everything to do with the Conquest of Calais by Albert of Austria on behalf of Spain. Calais had been an English possession for approximately two centuries, until France conquered the city in 1558. Elizabeth wanted the exclave back, but failing that, she preferred the city under French control against that of Spain. Albrecht of Austria had besieged the city in April 1596. After a brief siege he captured the city, which gave Spain a port close to England that could easily be expanded to a naval base. In London, the fall of Calais caused a riot. Henry IV deliberated on accepting a peace offer from Spain, but decided to leave the choice to Elizabeth I. He let Elizabeth I know that she could help him in the struggle against Spain, but if she did not, he would accept the Spanish peace offer. If France were to make peace with Spain, Spain would be able to concentrate more troops and resources to the struggle against England. Pope Clement VIII, amongst others, was a proponent of this scenario.
Elizabeth I eventually decided to negotiate an alliance with France. The Republic was kept out of these negotiations, which lasted one month. Two treaties were signed. One treaty was made public, while the other, official treaty was kept secret. The public treaty stated that England and France would not unilaterally conclude peace with Spain. In order to support France in its war against Spain, England was to send 4,000 soldiers to France. The costs of these soldiers was paid up front by England, but would be repaid by France at a later date. Four French noblemen were sent to London to act as guarantee. The secret treaty, however, stated that England would send only 2,000 soldiers to France, and these soldiers would be stationed solely in Picardy, an area which England had an interest in. The difference in numbers between the two treaties was intended to encourage other states that would join the alliance to make similar efforts to those of England, even though England actually offered a smaller contribution.
The Republic was the first state approached to join the alliance. France sent the Duke of Bouillon to the Hague to make the offer. Other states such as Denmark, Scotland, various German and Italian states were subsequently contacted, but none were given as much attention as the Dutch Republic. The Republic was prepared to support other opponents of Spain, so as to gain independence from Spain and also to resist Spanish domination throughout the world. Therefore, the Republic joined the alliance against Spain on October 31, 1596. The Republic attempted to add a clause to the treaty which stated that England or France could not conclude peace with Spain without the consent of the Republic, but this arrangement was not accepted by other states.
Then the German Electorates were again approached to join the alliance, first by France in the spring of 1597, followed by the Republic in August of the same year. Maurice of Orange captured Rheinberg from the Spanish as a favour to the German princes, but they decided not to join the alliance. The Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II had been making attempts to negotiate a peace between the warring states since 1590, but the emperor was linked too closely to Spain in the eyes of the members of the alliance for them to approach him.
Results.
The English queen Elizabeth I tried to renege on the agreements as much as possible. She wanted, for example, to only support France in a defensive war against Spain, contrary to the Republic, which had been on the offensive for a number of years. She was nonetheless the first who made use of the alliance. England's main fleet had been sent to the West Indies, while a new Spanish armada was being built for an invasion of England. In 1588 Spain's first Armada had been narrowly defeated. By conquering Calais, Spain had gained a port that could serve as a springboard for a new invasion of England. Because of this, Elizabeth asked for support from the Republic to build a fleet that could stop the new Spanish Armada. Johan van Oldenbarnevelt honored the request and immediately took a number of measures. Johan Duvenvoorde, Fleet Admiral of the Dutch Republic, was sent to England to advise on the construction of the English fleet, and patrols in the English Channel and North Sea were tightened. In addition, it was forbidden to sell grain to Spain, so that the impact of crop failures in Spain became even greater.
In 1596 a combined Anglo-Dutch fleet was able to defeat the Spanish fleet in the Capture of Cadiz. The Anglo-Dutch fleet was led by Robert Devereux and Van Duvenvoorde and resulted in the sacking of Cádiz. The following year, however, the Anglo-Dutch fleet lost a battle against the Spanish fleet. Despite losing the battle, the Dutch Republic had shown through its assistance to the English that it was a naval power to be reckoned with.
As late as 1596 the Republic received advantages from the alliance. A request to England for sending troops was granted. Francis Vere was sent with 2200 soldiers to the Republic. France also sent troops to the Republic, but these could be recalled at any time if deemed necessary by Henry IV. This actually happened in 1597, when Albert of Austria made an attempt to relieve the siege of Amiens, and Henry IV required more troops to continue the siege. Because of Albert's concentration on France, the Spanish forces guarding the border with the Dutch republic were left on their own, enabling Maurice of Orange to capture several cities in his celebrated campaign of 1597.
France also received troops sent by England and the Republic, so in the end all three states participating in the alliance benefitted from it. The Republic sent, as agreed in the treaty, 4000 troops to France, while England, according to the secret treaty, sent much less troops.
Aside from the military commitments, the alliance had another important meaning for the Republic. By the signing of the alliance, France and England became the first states to officially recognise the Dutch Republic as a sovereign territory.
End.
The alliance between the three states was in effect for only a few years. France signed a peace treaty with Spain in 1598, making its participation in the alliance meaningless. France had already started working on a peace treaty with Spain right after signing the alliance, without the Republic and England being aware of this. However, Henry IV did ask the Spanish ambassador if a comprehensive peace between all warring parties was possible, but the Spanish envoy considered it unlikely that Philip II was willing to make peace with rebels who refused to allow the public practice of the Catholic faith. England was also negatioting for a peace with Spain in those years, but it took until 1604 before peace was made with Spain with the Treaty of London. This treaty also required England to take no further part in the war between Spain and the Republic. Finally, Spain also tried to arrange for a peace or a ceasefire with the Dutch Republic, especially after the Battle of Nieuwpoort in 1600, but it would take until 1609 for both states to agree to the Twelve Years' Truce.

</doc>
<doc id="31130886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130886" title="George Field (chemist)">
George Field (chemist)

George Field (1777?–1854), was an English chemist. He was born in or about 1777 at Berkhampstead, Hertfordshire, of a family long settled in that town, and was educated at St. Peter's school there. When about eighteen years of age he came to London to seek a profession. He thought he saw an opening in the careful application of chemistry to pigments and dyes. War on the continent, by stopping the supply of madder from Holland, threatened to impede his progress. This obstacle, however, led him to consider the nature of its cultivation, and with a well-devised project he waited on Sir Joseph Banks for his advice, and, as he hoped, his co-operation. Sir Joseph, after unsuccessfully attempting to cultivate madder in Essex, had made up his mind that it could not be done in England.
Horticulture and inventions.
Field then commenced the cultivation in his own garden, and from roots of his own growth produced beautiful specimens of colouring matter. A contrivance, both mechanical and chemical, was still wanted to reduce the liquor to its finest consistence. His invention of the ‘physeter’ or percolator by atmospheric pressure admirably accomplished this purpose. He exhibited his percolator, together with an improved drying stove and press, before the Society of Arts, and was awarded their gold Isis medal in 1816 ‘for his apparatus for preparing coloured lakes.’ Both apparatus are figured and described by him in the Society's ‘Transactions,’ xxxiv. 87–94. Oddly enough the percolator was patented by others several years after, and applied to the clearing of sugar. Field continued his application of science to the purposes of the artist with good effect; his dexterity and care in the preparation of delicate colours set all competition at defiance. Among his other inventions may be mentioned his metrochrome and his conical lenses, which produced a continuous rainbow with varied effects of refractions.
Death and bequests.
Field died at Syon Hill Park Cottage, Isleworth, Middlesex, on 28 September 1854, aged 77. He bequeathed to the Royal Institute of British Architects six architectural drawings by J. L. Bond; to the Hanwell Lunatic Asylum ‘The Maniac,’ by R. Dawes, R.A.; while to the library of London University he gave a portrait of Dr. William Harvey, by Mirevelt.
Writings.
Field's reputation as an author rests on his "Chromatography; or, a Treatise on Colours and Pigments, and of their Powers in Painting", London, 1835. A revised edition by T. W. Salter, appeared in 1869, and a third by J. S. Taylor, on the basis of Salter's, in 1885. Another professional treatise, his "Rudiments of the Painter's Art; or, a Grammar of Colouring" (London, 1850), was revised and in part rewritten by R. Mallet in 1870, and again in 1875 by E. A. Davidson, who added sections on painting in sepia, water-colours, and oils. Field's other writings were:

</doc>
<doc id="31130891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130891" title="Kulcharam">
Kulcharam

Kulcharam or Kulsaram is a village and tehsil in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is bounded by Tekmal, Papannapet, Medak, Yeldurthy, Kaudipalli and Andole mandals.
Geography.
Kulsaram is located at . It has an average elevation of 469 metres (1541 ft).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Kulcharam mandal is as follows:
Kulcharam village has a population of 4,522 in 2001.
Tirtha.
Shri Vighn-harneshvar Parshva Digambara Jain "Atishaya Kshetra" or "place of a miracle" is a tirtha dedicated to the 23rd Tirthankara, Parshva. Shri Kshetra Kulcharam’s Parshva appeared and considered as Svayam vyakth place. The large idol of Parshva in standing posture was recovered during the construction work of government flats. A magnificent temple with a Dharmashala was constructed by the Jain Samaj, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh. This idol has shown miraculous results and the darshana of Vighn-haraneshvar Parshva is believed to diminishes the worldly worries and fulfills the desired. 
The main idol of Parshva is made of black stone of 11 feet and 3 inches in height, and in standing posture with seven serpent hoods overhead and belongs to 9th century. Water of consecration flows from all the hoods and then through head and shoulders it comes to feet. The scene of consecration by milk looks like the flow of pearls. The process of consecration is done according to Gomateshwara in Karnataka.
Villages.
The villages in Kulcharam mandal includes: Amsanpalle, Chinna Ghanpur, Etigadda, Mohmdapur, Kistapur, Konapur, Kongode, Kulcharam, Paithara,
Pothamshettipalle, Pothireddipalle, Rampur, Rangampet, Sangaipet, Variguntham, Yenigandla

</doc>
<doc id="31130897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130897" title="Pandemis cinnamomeana">
Pandemis cinnamomeana

Pandemis cinnamomeana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Europe (except in the south) to Russia, China, Korea and Japan.
The wingspan is 18–24 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of June to July in western Europe. In Korea, adults are on wing from mid May to mid September. They hide during the day, usually amongst the foliage of large trees but sometimes showing a preference for tall bracken.
The larvae feed on the foliage of "Abies alba", "Acer", "Betula", "Larix", "Malus pumila", "Picea sitchensis", "Prunus", "Pyrus", "Quercus", "Salix", "Sorbus aucuparia", "Sorbus commixta", "Ulmus davidiana" and "Vaccinium". It has also been recorded from "Camellia". They live amongst spun leaves. Young larvae hibernate, development continues in May and June. Pupation occurs in June and July, in the larval habitation.
The larvae have been recorded attacking tea plantations, as well as forest and ornamental crops, but is of minor economic importance.

</doc>
<doc id="31130899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130899" title="Web Medica Acreditada">
Web Medica Acreditada

Web Medica Acreditada (Health-related content Websites Accreditation Programme) is an international quality and certification programme of health-related content websites that was launched in 1999 by the Medical Association of Barcelona (Spain). The aim of this certification programme is to set up a trustworthy virtual community of health websites. The certification process is based on a peer review of the different features of websites in evaluation such as scientific content, authorship, up-to-date content, sources of information, legal and professional ethics aspects, website navigation and basic usability points.
The general quality criteria are organized as follows:
A survey carried out by the Health On the Net Foundation in 2005, showed that Web Mèdica Acreditada (WMA) is for patients and professionals one of the most familiar certifications and trust marks systems in Europe and the USA. WMA has been collaborating in different European projects funded by the European Commission to develop Web 2.0 and Semantic Web technologies such as MedCIRCLE, QUATRO and MedIEQ)

</doc>
<doc id="31130919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130919" title="Wendy Luhabe">
Wendy Luhabe

Wendy Yvonne Nomathemba Luhabe LVO (born 29 May 1957) is a South African entrepreneur. After working for 10 years for corporations internationally she decided to dedicate her life to empower African women in business.
Luhabe was born in Daveyton, Gauteng, South Africa, and grew up in the old Benoni location.
She graduated in Arts from the University of Fort Hare (1977) and in Commerce from the University of Lesotho (1981). After 10 years of national and international corporate experience with f.e. BMW 
she founded "Bridging the Gap" in 1991, a consulting firm working on both sides corporate equation: On the one hand to prepare young black South Africans to enter the world of work, on the other hand to support South African companies how to integrate them into their corporate business. 
Most Wendy is known for her vision in founding the Women Investment Holdings Holdings in 1993: initiating the participation of women in the economic landscape of South Africa. She launched the first fund to provide capital to women-owned business in South Africa with an R120 million private equite fund.
She was awarded as one of the 50 Leading Women Entrepreneurs of the World and Global Leader of Tomorrow of the World Economics Forum inaugurated as a Chancellor of the University of Johannesburg in 2006.
Luhabe was appointed Honorary Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order (LVO) in the 2014 New Year Honours for her services as a trustee of the Duke of Edinburgh's International Award Foundation.
She is married to the former premier of Gauteng, Mbhazima Shilowa, they have 2 sons and a grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="31130922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130922" title="Nyalkal">
Nyalkal

Nyalkal or Nayalkal is a Village and Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is bounded by Manoor, Raikode, Jharasangam and Zahirabad mandals in Medak district and Bidar district of Karnataka state.
Geography.
Nayalkal is located at . It has an average elevation of 585 metres (1922 ft).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Nyalkal mandal is as follows:
Nyalkal village has a population of 3,513 in 2001.
Villages.
The villages in Nyalkal mandal includes: Ameerabad, Atnur, Basanthpur, Chalki, Cheekurthi, Chingepalle, Dappur, Gangwar, Ganjoti, Hadnur, Hussain Nagar, Husselli, Ibrahimpur, Kakijanwada, Kalbemal, Khaleelpur, Malgi, Mamidgi, Mariampur, Metalkunta, Mirjapur, Mirzapur, Mungi, Nayamathabad, Nyalkal, Raghapur, Rajola, Ratnapur, Rejinthal, Tekur, Waddi etc..
it has three post offices in the mandal.
1.Nyalkal
2.Hadnoor
3.B.Mirjapur

</doc>
<doc id="31130946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130946" title="Humphrey Fenn">
Humphrey Fenn

Humphrey Fenn (died 1634), was an English puritan divine.
Life.
Fenn was matriculated as sizar of Queens' College, Cambridge, on 12 November 1568, and graduated B.A. in 1573. He migrated to Peterhouse, and graduated M.A. in 1576. In the same year he began his ministry at Northampton, and at once got into trouble for his nonconformity, and was committed to gaol. The inhabitants of Northampton petitioned Queen Elizabeth for his release, giving him a high character as a preacher and a loyal subject.
On 21 Feb. 1578 he succeeded Anthony Fletcher as vicar of Holy Trinity, Coventry, and became a prominent man in the party headed by Thomas Cartwright (1535–1603). At the request of the London puritans he accompanied the Earl of Leicester to represent their grievances to the queen. On the issue of Whitgift's three articles (1583), he refused to subscribe. He was cited to Lambeth (1584), and suspended. An account of his examination is given by Brook, from Roger Morrice's manuscript. His place was taken by ‘one Griffen, a Welchman,’ between whom and Fenn, according to the manuscript city annals, there was ‘a great contention’ for the vicarage in 1584 or 1585. Fenn was restored to his vicarage shortly after 14 July 1585, through the intercession of Leicester. But in 1590 he was again suspended, owing to the active part which he took in the ‘associations’ of the Warwickshire puritan divines, was committed to the Fleet by the high commission, with Cartwright and others, and, refusing the purgation by oath, was deprived. 
His successor, Richard Eaton, was instituted on 12 Jan. 1591. On 13 May Fenn and his companions were brought before the Star-chamber. Articles, dealing mainly with their ‘book of discipline,’ were exhibited against them. They denied that in their ‘associations’ they exercised any jurisdiction, or meddled with sedition. Fenn ‘seemed more stiff than Cartwright.’ The Star-chamber remanded them without bail. James VI of Scotland interceded (12 June) for their release; on 4 Dec. they petitioned for bail; Fenn's signature stands second in the list, immediately after Cartwright's. In April 1592 they again petitioned for release, this time successfully. (Leicester's letter of thanks is dated 21 May.)
Fenn returned to Coventry, and resumed his ministry, probably preaching only on week-days. On 24 April 1624 ‘Mr. Humphrey Fenn, preacher,’ was appointed to the Sunday lectureship at St. John the Baptist's (Bablake). This was a new lectureship; the church, which had been in ruins, was repaired in 1608, and a week-day lectureship established in favour of John Oxenbridge. In 1626 or soon after ‘old Mr. Fenn’ joined with the mayor and leading citizens in inviting Samuel Clarke (1599–1683), the martyrologist, to become a lecturer at Coventry. This is the last notice of Fenn. Tong says that he ‘spent above forty years’ with the Coventry people; we must correct this to ‘above fifty,’ even if we deduct his enforced absences. He died early in 1633–4, and was buried on 8 Feb. in Holy Trinity churchyard, Coventry. He seems to have had a son and grandson of the same name.
His will, made in 1631, was prefaced by ‘so full and so open a protestation against the hierarchy and the ceremonies, that the prelatical party would not suffer it to be put among the records of the court when the will was tendred to be proved’ (Clark, in Life of Julines Herring). On 21 Feb. 1634 a copy of the introduction to the will of ‘Humphrey Fen the eldest’ was received by Archbishop Laud from the bishop of Coventry and Lichfield. This preamble (only) was printed as ‘The Last Will and Testament with the Profession of Faith of Humphrey Fenn,’ &c., 1641, sm. 8vo (no place of printing).

</doc>
<doc id="31130958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130958" title="Radical 41">
Radical 41

Radical 41 meaning "thumb" or "inch" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 40 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31130979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130979" title="Joseph Ferrers">
Joseph Ferrers

Joseph Ferrers (1725–1797), was an English Carmelite friar.
Ferrers was probably descended from a younger branch of the family of that name seated at Baddesley Clinton in Warwickshire. He was professed in one of the foreign convents in 1745, and ordained priest in 1749, after which he came on the English mission. He became provincial of the English Carmelites, and died in London 29 August 1797, aged 72. He published ‘A Discourse pronounced … in the Chapel of his Excellency the Neapolitan Ambassador, in the Solemn Service celebrated 9 February 1793 for Louis XVI, late King of France. In French and English,’ 8vo, London, 1793.

</doc>
<doc id="31130981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31130981" title="Möðrudalur">
Möðrudalur

Möðrudalur is a farm settlement in Norður-Múlasýsla in Eastern Iceland, and the highest inhabited place in the country, at 469 m (1,539 ft) above sea level.
Möðrudalur is a popular tourist destination, and was formerly located on The Ring Road until the road was moved to its current Háreksstaðaleið route to the north of Möðrudalur. 
A church was built in Möðrudalur in 1949 by Jón A. Stefánsson. A guesthouse, a small store and a restaurant are operated in the area.
The lowest temperature ever recorded in Iceland, -38.0°C (-36.4°F) was recorded concurrently in Möðrudalur and the neighboring Grímsstaðir on 21 January 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="31131001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131001" title="Shivampet">
Shivampet

Shivampet or Shivampeta () is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Shivampet mandal includes: Allipur, Bijilipur, Chandi, Chinna Gottimukkula, Donthi, Edulapur, Gangapalle, Gomaram, Gundlapalle, Kottala, Konthan Pally, Kothapet, Nawabpet, Pambanda, Parkibanda, Pedda Gottimukula, Pillutla, Potharam, Pothula Boguda, Ratnapoor, Shabashpalle, Shivampet, Sikindlapur, Thimmapur, Usirikapalle etc..

</doc>
<doc id="31131003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131003" title="Radical 42">
Radical 42

Radical 42 meaning "small" or "insignificant" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 41 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131006" title="Stictea infensa">
Stictea infensa

Stictea infensa is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from Australia, including Queensland and New South Wales. It is also found in New Zealand.
The wingspan is about 19 mm.
The larvae feed on "Eucalyptus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31131011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131011" title="Cyzenis albicans">
Cyzenis albicans

Cyzenis albicans is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31131017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131017" title="Sex Rules">
Sex Rules

"Sex Rules" is a song by American recording artist Sky Ferreira for her debut extended play "As If" (2011). It was released on March 1, 2011 by Capitol Records as the lead single from the record. The song was written by Ferreira, Greg Kurstin, Billy Steinberg, and Daniel Lutrell, while production was handled by Kurstin. Looking to transition from the disco music elements seen in her earlier single "17", Ferreira explored electropop and synthpop styles with "Sex Rules". In the track, Ferreira frankly declares her infatuation for sexual intercourse.
Contemporary music critics commended "Sex Rules" in their reviews, and expressed a particular appreciation for its experimental production. However, the track failed to impact any national record charts. Furthermore, an accompanying music video for the song was never released.
Background and composition.
After releasing the tracks "17", "One", and "Obsession", Ferreira announced that her debut studio album would be released on January 11, 2011. However, it was instead replaced by her first extended play (EP) "As If", which was made available on March 22. In anticipation of its release, Capitol Records commissioned "Sex Rules" as the lead single from the project; it was released through the iTunes Store on March 1, 2011. The track, and Ferreira herself, were featured in a commercial for the American fashion house Calvin Klein; she believed that the publicity she received from her projects in the fashion industry was beneficial to her aspirations in the music industry, and specifically credited her first collaboration with Calvin Klein with " a lot of different audiences, both in fashion and music, aware of my work."
"Sex Rules", in addition to the remaining four tracks featured on "As If", was co-written by Ferreira. Greg Kurstin, Billy Steinberg, and Daniel Lutrell provided songwriting contributions during its creation, while Kurstin was solely responsible for overseeing its production. The track prominently explores electropop and synthpop musical styles, particularly showcasing trends popularized with 1980s music. It represents a stylistic departure from Ferreira's previous tracks and her later projects; "17" was noted for its blending of disco components, while tracks on her second extended play "Ghost" (2012) and debut studio album "Night Time, My Time" (2013) experimented with elements more commonly associated with indie pop. In "Sex Rules", Ferreira verbalizes her appreciation for sexual intercourse; during the chorus, she sings "Sex rules, use your god-given tools / Sex rules, I pity the fools who realize too late / Love, sex, and god are great / Oh oh, oh oh, sex rules."
Critical reception.
"Sex Rules" received generally favorable reviews from contemporary music critics. Writing for MTV Buzzworthy, Nicole James complimented the track for its successful blending of "super early Madonna" and "21st-century synthpop", and drew similarities to the catalogs of performers Chromeo, La Roux, and Robyn. She concluded her commentary by describing the song as "fun sexy". Bradley Stern from MuuMuse spoke favorably of "Sex Rules" in his review for "As If"; he directed his praise towards its "blippy, skittering electronica beats and a big fat slapping bass", while additionally noting its apparent inspiration by pop singer Britney Spears. A writer for Idolator expressed excitement that Ferreira continued pursuing her musical endeavors after her earlier cover version of "Animal" by Miike Snow. They commended Ferreira and Steinberg for developing a "hard-to-resist tune" that merged 1980s inspiration with the artistic individuality that Ferreira had become associated with, and thought that the track would help her establish prominence in mainstream culture. Writing for "Rolling Stone", Colleen Nika was confident that "Sex Rules" introduced a "spiky" sound that could become popular in the evolving contemporary hit radio market. However, "The New York Times" Jon Caramanica opined that the "dry" vocal performance made it difficult for Ferreira to meaningfully deliver the lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="31131034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131034" title="David Grant (poet)">
David Grant (poet)

David Grant (1823-1886), was a Scottish poet.
Grant was born in 1823 in the parish of Upper Banchory, Kincardineshire, and was educated at Aberdeen University. He became a teacher in 1852, and for some time kept a school at Elgin, Moray. In 1861 he was appointed French master in Oundle grammar school, Northamptonshire. In 1865 he became assistant master of Eccleshall College, a private school near Sheffield. Subsequently he purchased a day school in Sheffield, which proved a failure, and in 1880 he had to retire from his charge penniless. From that date till his death in 1886 he acted as a private tutor in Edinburgh. He published 'Metrical Tales' at Sheffield in 1880, and 'Lays and Legends of the North' at Edinburgh in 1884. 'A Book of Ten Songs,' with music, with a preface by Professor Blackie, appeared after his death. His poems evince a sense of humour, and he had considerable narrative power in verse.

</doc>
<doc id="31131039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131039" title="Xie Saike">
Xie Saike

Xie Saike (born 1961/62) is a male former table tennis player from China. He was the 1981 World Champion in mixed doubles.
Asian Games.
Xie won the 1982 Asian Games singles title in New Delhi, India.
Asian Championships.
Xie was twice runner-up at these Championships in 1982 (Jakarta) and 1980 (Calcutta, now Kolkata). He finally won gold in three categories (single, doubles (men and mixed)) at the 7th Asian Championships held in 1983 in Islamabad, Pakistan.
World Championships.
Xie was twice runner-up in doubles (men) at the 1981 (Novi Sad) and 1983 (Tokyo) World Championships.
World Cup.
He was the runner-up at the World Cup held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in 1981.
Beijing Olympics.
Xie was one of the torch runners in Nanning for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="31131040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131040" title="Bourglinster Castle">
Bourglinster Castle

Bourglinster Castle () is located in the village of Bourglinster in central Luxembourg some to the east of Luxembourg City. Now housing a restaurant and facilities for business and cultural gatherings, the castle has a history stretching back to the 11th century.
History.
The castle is first mentioned in 1098 as belonging to St Symeon of Trier. At the time it had a residential keep, a chapel and a wall. During the second half of the 14th century, the chapel was extended and a tower was added on the northern side. The lower castle with a moat and two defensive towers was built in the 15th century. Both castles were partly destroyed during the 16th century wars (1542–1544) but were soon repaired and a Renaissance wing was added (1548). 
Parts of the lower castle were again destroyed by the French in the 1680s. In the early 18th century, a Baroque façade was built at the far end of the courtyard. After the castle was acquired by the Luxembourg State in 1968, the buildings were fully restored and, in 1982, opened for exhibitions, concerts, meetings and receptions.
Business and cultural facilities.
The castle' s three banqueting halls with facilities for up to 200 people offer venues for business meetings, gala dinners and cultural events. "La Distillerie", a restaurant on the castle premises, is considered to be one of the best in Luxembourg.

</doc>
<doc id="31131046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131046" title="Radical 43">
Radical 43

Radical 43 meaning "lame" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 66 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131053" title="ČAFC Prague">
ČAFC Prague

ČAFC Prague is a Czech football club located in Prague-Záběhlice. It currently plays in the Prague Championship, which is in the fifth tier of the Czech football system. It is one of the oldest football clubs in the country. ČAFC played in the highest division of football in Czechoslovakia in the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="31131073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131073" title="Radical 44">
Radical 44

Radical 44 meaning "corpse" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 148 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131076" title="Vincenzo Cabianca">
Vincenzo Cabianca

Vincenzo Cabianca (June 21, 1827 – March 21, 1902) was an Italian painter of the Macchiaioli group.
Biography.
He was born in Verona. He began his artistic training at the Verona Academy, and then studied at the Venice Academy from 1845–47. During the 1850s Cabianca became acquainted with the artists, including Adriano Cecioni, Cristiano Banti, and Telemaco Signorini, who frequented the Caffè Michelangiolo in Florence, who would be known as the Macchiaioli.
He became a friend of Telemaco Signorini, and travelled with Signorini and Banti to Paris, his friend's influence led Cabianca to turn away from genre paintings towards a bolder realism, beginning in 1858. De Gubernatis terms the Macchiaioli "enemies of all conventionalism and accurate researchers of effects", and describes Cabianca as principally interested in the effects of sunlight. Garollo in his "Dizionario Biografico" describes Cabianca as a painter of the "effects of the Sun".
Like the other Macchiaioli, he painted landscapes "en plein air", but he was more reluctant than his friends were to abandon historical and literary subjects.
Among his works are "La Mandriana" and "il Porcile al sole" (1860). Returning from travels to Tuscany and Paris in 1864, he domiciled in Parma from 1864-1868, then moved to Rome. He also painted in watercolors, including "La neve a Venice", "Il fait sa cour", and "Sulla marina di Viareggio".
Among his other works are "Il bagno fra gli scogli"; "Sant'Angelo all' Isola di Giudecca"; "Reminiscenze del mare"; "Gondola bruna"; "La neve in Ciociaria"; "Le mura del convento"; and "Sotto il portico dei barattieri a Venice". At Naples in 1877, he exhibited "Piccola via presso Perugia"; "La neve"; "Una casa ad Anacapri"; and "Reminiscenze d'Amalfi". At Rome in 1883 he displayed "Rocca di Papa"; "Il caligo a Venice"; "Sul far del giorno"; "La pace del Chiostro"; and "Una sera sulla laguna".
Many of his paintings depict nuns; a well-known example is "Le monachine" (The nuns; 1861–62, Turin exhibition). The works of Cabianca's later years show the influence of the Symbolists and the Pre-Raphaelites. He died in Rome on March 21, 1902.
Collections holding works by Vincenzo Cabianca include the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna, Rome, and the Brooklyn Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31131086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131086" title="Ypsolopha parenthesella">
Ypsolopha parenthesella

Ypsolopha parenthesella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found from Europe to Japan, as well as north-eastern China, Asia Minor and Mideast Asia.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September. It is a variable species, especially in wing pattern and colour.
The larvae feed on various trees, including "Quercus", "Fagus", "Fraxinus", "Populus", "Carpinus" (including "Carpinus betulus"), "Crataegus", "Malus", "Betula" and "Corylus avellana".

</doc>
<doc id="31131089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131089" title="Pars Oil">
Pars Oil

Pars Oil Company is an oil refining company with headquarters in Tehran.
History and development.
"Pars Oil Company" was founded in 1959 as a Joint Stocks Company by Abdol-Ali Mirza Farmanfarmaian and some of his relatives, later adding more stock holders. Later it was admitted to Tehran Stock Exchange in 1962. After the Islamic Revolution of 1979, the company was ceased by the revolutionary government and passed on to the control of the Mostazafen Foundation of Islamic Revolution, a government owned umbrella group set-up as part of the nationalisation efforts of the new government. From the 1990s, some of the stocks were returned to the former stock holders. In 2000 "Foad Rey" purchased 48.7 percent of Pars Oil Company stocks.
Products.
The main products of the company are Gasoline Engine Oils, Diesel Engine Oils, Gas Engine Oils, Automotive Gear Oils, Industrial Oils, Antifreezes and Brake Fluids, Greases and Marine Oils.
Certifications.
Pars Oil Company has qualified for ISO 9001 from SGS, as well as many other health, safety, and environment certificates including ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001.
Export markets.
"Pars Oil Company" started to export its products in 1994. The current export markets are India, China, some African and European countries.

</doc>
<doc id="31131103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131103" title="T. S. Eliot Prize (Truman State University)">
T. S. Eliot Prize (Truman State University)

The T. S. Eliot Prize for Poetry is awarded annually by Truman State University, which is a United States university located in Missouri. First awarded in 1997, the prize is given "for the best unpublished book-length collection of poetry in English, in honor of native Missourian T. S. Eliot’s considerable intellectual and artistic legacy". The prize includes publication of the collection as well as a purse of $2000. Poets submit their unpublished collections to Truman State University Press for each year's competition. A well-known poet is chosen each year to judge the collections, and to select the winner and several finalists.
List of winners.
The winners, collection titles, and judges of the annual Prize are listed below. In addition to the winner, several finalists are announced for each year's competition. The complete list of winners and finalists is posted at the Truman State University Press website. As examples, Deborah Warren and A. M. Juster were finalists, and both Patty Seyburn and Daniel Bourne have been finalists twice.

</doc>
<doc id="31131110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131110" title="Kashka Suu">
Kashka Suu

Kashka Suu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31131111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131111" title="Radical 45">
Radical 45

Radical 45 meaning "sprout" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 38 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131141" title="Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Documentary Film">
Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Documentary Film

The Critics Choice Award for Best Documentary Film is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association.

</doc>
<doc id="31131174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131174" title="Peg (fishing)">
Peg (fishing)


</doc>
<doc id="31131176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131176" title="Radical 47">
Radical 47

Radical 47 meaning "river" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 26 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131185" title="Twinkle Twinkle Little Star (film)">
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star (film)

Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is an upcoming Malayalam film written and directed by Vayalar Madhavan Kutty. The lead pair in the film are Tinnu Anand and Divya Dutta. This is a fantasy film targeted at children. The film has lot of special effects.
Plot.
"Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" has the story revolving around a eunuch, played by Tinnu Anand and her search of a boy, who she believes him as a successor to her dynasty.
Synopsis.
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star movie based on the life of a child in a royal family headed by a matriarch who lives in the palace with her two daughters (Swetha and Pooja ). Swetha is married and has a son named Chintu while Pooja is an IPS Officer. Chintu is found to have a non curable physical deformity and it is proclaimed that the child will grow as a eunuch in future. This news was a great shock to the family and they are forced to go behind the spiritual remedies to rescue the child from growing into a eunuch. From the advise of the spiritual practitioners the family of chintu came to know that Chintu was born as a eunuch because of the curse of the kuludevata and they were asked to perform poojas in the haveli by a eunuch priest to ward off the evil. For performing poojas they approach the head of the eunuchs name "Kakathiya" who is supposed to be 200 years old and deeply believes in powers and his ongoing research to transform eunuchs into powerful human beings. His belief was high that one day he would be successful in his research works, transforming eunuchs to super human beings and to rule the world.
Kakathiya sends his beloved disciple and priest Chela and his aide to the haveli to perform the poojas. At the palace, a new relationship sprouts between Chela and Chintu which threatens Swetha. Even after taking many security measures the relationship kept on growing between Chela and Chintu. From here the story moves into thrilling and chilling twist and turns. A series of murders occurs and Pooja, the IPS officer is assigned to investigate and she founds that all those who were murdered were young virgins, which leads into strange rituals and practices. The story turns into an excellent experience of mystery, mystique, horror and final victory.
Release.
The film was completed in 2005, but it is yet to get released due to legal hassles. The film is supposed to get released in 2011. The film would be dubbed into Tamil, Telugu and Hindi languages.
Soundtrack.
Original songs and background score are composed by Maestro Illayaraja.

</doc>
<doc id="31131187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131187" title="Holidays with Pay">
Holidays with Pay

Holidays with Pay is a 1948 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Tessie O'Shea and Dan Young. The film follows the Rogers family as they go on holiday to Blackpool and enjoy a series of adventures.

</doc>
<doc id="31131188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131188" title="ITS Platform">
ITS Platform

ITS Platform is a Danish project which will develop and test the next generation of technologies in the field of ITS equipment in the years from 2010 to 2013. ITS is the abbreviation for “intelligent transport systems”, and it covers systems and services which can contribute to make the traffic of the future safer, more efficient, and more sustainable.
Concept.
ITS Platform consists of a mobile unit in a car and an ITS server. The mobile unit, called the InnBox, collects information about things like the driver’s position, speed, and acceleration. The collected information is sent to the server, where it will be retained and re-sent to the drivers, who thus receives targeted and individual traffic information both during and after their driving.
Applications.
It is strongly emphasised that the system functions as an open platform and as the basis on which the actual ITS applications and services are built. The ITS Platform will develop four demonstration applications, which will be fully operational and may serve as inspiration for an actual product development by other interested companies. The system will contribute to relieve the traffic problems in and around the bigger cities. The four demonstration applications will consist of:
The participants have access to the application through a personal website, and it is possible to get information by text messages.
Industrial development.
The project, which is coordinated by Aalborg University in cooperation with the companies GateHouse and Inntrasys, will be a promoter for the development of an ITS cluster anchored in North Jutland of Denmark. Here new technologies are developed and tested before they are implemented throughout the country.
The ITS Platform has a total budget of 35 million DKK (5 million €). The project is funded with DKK 17.4 million from the EU Regional Development Fund, the North Jutland Development Fund, as well as Aalborg University, GateHouse, and Inntrasys.
Cooperation.
ITS Platform is based partly on thorough knowledge about mobile communication, databases and tracking by the companies Inntrasys and GateHouse and partly on a long series of results from research by Aalborg University. The InnBox is developed by Inntrasys, and GateHouse works with the ITS server. In addition to this The Municipality of Aalborg, DR (Danish Broadcasting Corporation), the Danish Road Directorate, and Nets participate in the project..
See also.
GateHouse<br>
Inntrasys<br>
ITS Denmark (only available in Danish)<br>
ITS Platform<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31131195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131195" title="Joshua Sang">
Joshua Sang

Joshua arap Sang, born in Kitale, Trans-Nzoia District, Kenya, is the current the head of operations at Kass FM in Nairobi, Kenya.
On March 8, 2011, he was indicted by the International Criminal Court for four charges of crimes against humanity committed during the 2007–2008 Kenyan crisis. He is indicted to have committed these crimes against PNU supporters.
An ICC Pre-Trial Chamber summoned him to appear before the court on April 7, 2011, together with William Ruto and Henry Kiprono Kosgey.

</doc>
<doc id="31131197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131197" title="Yeldurthy">
Yeldurthy

Yeldurthy or Yeldurthi or Veldurthy () is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Yeldurthy mandal includes: Akkampally, Allagudem, Andusarlapalle, Bandaposanpalle, Bandmeedapally, Baswapur, Bommaram, Cherlopally, Damarancha, Dharmaram, Edulapalle, Ellekpally, Gopal Krishnapuram, Hakimpet, Hastalpur, Koppulapalle, Kothapally, Kuknoor, Lambadi Thanda, Manepally, Mangalparthy, Mannevar Jalalpur, Masaipet, Masaipet Station, nellor, Nagsanpally, Panthulapally, Ramanthapur, Ramayapally, Seri, Settipalle Kalan, Shemsireddypally, Uppulingapur, Yeldurthy, Yesvantharaopet 

</doc>
<doc id="31131215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131215" title="Ypsolopha nemorella">
Ypsolopha nemorella

Ypsolopha nemorella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in northern and central Europe, mid-eastern China and Russia.
The wingspan is 21–24 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August. It is one of the larger species in the "Ypsolopha" genus. It has a distinct dark spot on the creamy forewing.
The larvae feed on "Lonicera" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31131219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131219" title="Radical 48">
Radical 48

Radical 48 meaning "work" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 17 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131230" title="Robert Fellowes (philanthropist)">
Robert Fellowes (philanthropist)

Robert Fellowes, LL.D. (1771–1847) was an English clergyman, journalist and philanthropist.
Life.
His father was the eldest son of William Fellowes of Shottesham Hall, Norfolk. Fellowes was educated for the church at St. Mary Hall, Oxford, where he graduated B.A. on 30 June 1796, and M.A. on 28 January 1801. He took orders, but seems to have held no preferment. For over six years (1804–11) he edited the "Critical Review". He was a close friend of Samuel Parr, who introduced him to the embatttled Queen Caroline of Brunswick, whose cause he supported. He is said to have written all her replies to the numerous addresses presented to her in 1820.
Francis Maseres left Fellowes at his death in 1824 nearly £200,000. Fellowes erected to the memory of Maseres a monument in Reigate churchyard, with a eulogistic inscription in Latin. He used this fortune in aiding private distress and in forwarding benevolent schemes. In 1826 he gave benefactions to encourage the study of natural philosophy at Edinburgh University. He was one of the promoters of London University. Out of gratitude for the professional services of Dr. John Elliotson, who held a chair of medicine at University College London he provided there two annual gold medals, the Fellowes Medals, for proficiency in clinical medicine.
Fellowes interested himself in the opening of Regent's Park to the public, and in the emancipation of the Jews. He was an advanced liberal in politics, but drew the line at universal suffrage. In 1828 he purchased "The Examiner" and made Albany Fonblanque editor. He lectured at the opening of the chapel of the Beaumont Philosophical Institution.
Fellowes died in Dorset Square on 6 February 1847, leaving a young family. He was buried at Kensal Green on 13 February.
Works.
A list of Fellowes's publications is given in the "Gentleman's Magazine". They include:
His religious publications advocated practical philanthropy. By degrees he abandoned the distinctive Anglican tenets, and in his work "The Religion of the Universe", he aimed to divest religion of most of its supernatural elements. Major writings were:
Fellowes translated from the Latin John Milton's "Familiar Epistles" and "Second Defence of the People of England" for an 1806 edition. Some of his publications were issued under the pseudonym "Philalethes A.M. Oxon".

</doc>
<doc id="31131232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131232" title="Ganger, Karnal">
Ganger, Karnal

Ganger is a small village in Karnal district of Haryana state of India. It is about 13 km from Karnal on National Highway 1 about from Tarawadi bus stop. It is under Indri constituency of Haryana state assembly. Its demography is mainly composed of Chauhan Rajputs and most people are dependent on agriculture for their livelihood. The main crops are rice, tomato, onion and wheet. The village also hosts a Century Plyboards (I) Ltd factory.

</doc>
<doc id="31131245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131245" title="Berghia creutzbergi">
Berghia creutzbergi

Berghia creutzbergi is a species of marine nudibranch in the family Aeolidiidae.
Distribution.
"Berghia creutzbergi" is an inhabitant of Western Atlantic Ocean, present in Florida, Costa Rica, ABC Islands (Curaçao); Venezuela (Dependencias Federales), Bahamas (Great or Little Abaco), Grand Cayman Island, Barbados, and Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
It has a maximum reported size of 30 mm.
Habitat.
It is found in depths from 0 to 1 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31131246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131246" title="Somewhere in England (film)">
Somewhere in England (film)

Somewhere in England is a 1940 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Harry Korris and Winki Turner. It follows the adventures of an anti-authoritarian Private stationed in a military camp in the North of England during the Second World War. It was the first in the "Somewhere" series of films, followed by its sequel "Somewhere in Camp" in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="31131248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131248" title="Ypsolopha horridella">
Ypsolopha horridella

Ypsolopha horridella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in northern and central Europe, the Middle East, China and Russia.
The wingspan is 16–21 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.
The larvae feed on the leaves of "Malus" species and "Prunus spinosa" in a slight web.
Etymology.
The name is derived from the Latin "horridus" (meaning shaggy) and refers to the raised scale-tufts or crests on the dorsal part of the wings.

</doc>
<doc id="31131269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131269" title="Radical 49">
Radical 49

Radical 49 meaning "oneself" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 20 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
In Chinese astrology, 巳 represents the sixth Earthly Branch and corresponds to the Snake in the Chinese zodiac. In the ancient Chinese cyclic character numeral system "tiāngān", 己 represents the sixth Celestial stem.

</doc>
<doc id="31131286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131286" title="Somewhere in Camp">
Somewhere in Camp

Somewhere in Camp is a 1942 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Harry Korris and Robbie Vincent. The film continues the adventures of Private Randle fromm the 1940 film "Somewhere in England". It was followed in 1943 by "Somewhere on Leave".

</doc>
<doc id="31131288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131288" title="Baytik">
Baytik

Baytik (known as Orto Alysh before 1991) is a village in the Alamudun District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is named after Baytik Kanat uulu (Baytik Baatyr) one of the leaders of Solto tribe who fought Kokand Khanate. Baytik was established in 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="31131311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131311" title="Somewhere on Leave">
Somewhere on Leave

Somewhere on Leave is a 1943 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Harry Korris and Dan Young. It was the third in the series of "Somewhere" films following Private Randle and his comrades. It was followed by "Somewhere in Civvies.

</doc>
<doc id="31131312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131312" title="William Freeman (disambiguation)">
William Freeman (disambiguation)

William Freeman is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31131328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131328" title="Radical 50">
Radical 50

Radical 50 meaning "turban" or "scarf" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 295 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131329" title="Somewhere in Civvies">
Somewhere in Civvies

Somewhere in Civvies is a 1943 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Frank Randle, George Doonan and Suzette Tarri. Private Randle is discharged from the army and finds it difficult to adjust to civilian life. It was followed in 1949 by the final film in the series "Somewhere in Politics".

</doc>
<doc id="31131337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131337" title="Howard Klein (music critic)">
Howard Klein (music critic)

Howard Klein (born 1931 in Teaneck, New Jersey) is an American music critic, pianist, and former Director of Arts and Humanities at the Rockefeller Foundation. He earned both a Bachelor of Science and Master of Science in Music from the Juilliard School. He began his career as a music teacher and pianist for dancer José Limón. In 1962 he became a music critic and reporter for "The New York Times". He left "The Times" in 1967 to become the Assistant Director of the Rockefeller Foundation, although he continued to contribute articles to the newspaper periodically on a freelance basis into the early 1970s. Klein played an instrumental role in the Rockefeller donation that established the TV Lab at Thirteen/WNET in 1971. In 1973 he succeeded Norman Lloyd as Director of Arts of the Rockefeller Foundation. In 1983 he became Deputy Director for Arts and Humanities for the foundation, a position he remained in until he left the organization in 1986. He then worked as the Director of Artists and Repertory for New World Records. Composer Charles Wuorinen dedicated his piano composition "Album Leaf" (1984) to him. He is the father of tenor Adam Klein.

</doc>
<doc id="31131342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131342" title="Ronde Lutherse Kerk (Amsterdam)">
Ronde Lutherse Kerk (Amsterdam)

The Ronde Lutherse Kerk or Koepelkerk is a former Lutheran church in Amsterdam, located at the Singel. The church can be easily seen from the Singel by its copper dome. 
History.
The church was designed by Adriaan Dortsman (ca. 1636-1682) and was opened in 1671. The organ was built by J Batz in 1830 and it was restored in 1983 by Flentrop Orgelbouw. In 1882 it was rebuilt after a fire. In 1935 the Lutherans left the building and it became a concert hall. 
In 1975 a tunnel was built by the neighboring Sonesta Hotel, today called the Renaissance Amsterdam Hotel, for its own access. The hotel rents the church from the Lutheran church which is still the owner today. In 1983 the church was closed for a long period of restoration, but ten years later in 1993 the dome burned again. The church was again restored. 
Today curious visitors and potential customers may enquire at the Renaissance hotel for an opportunity to view the church, which is not open for the public. A security guard must accompany visitors through the underground tunnel to the church where the ground floor of the consistory has been converted to bathrooms and the upper floor to a meeting room. Of the main hall, the impressive columns, galeries, organ and pulpit can still be seen.
See also.
Other 17th century "round" churches of the Netherlands:

</doc>
<doc id="31131349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131349" title="Dungeons &amp; Dragons Game (1991 boxed set)">
Dungeons &amp; Dragons Game (1991 boxed set)

The New Easy to Master Dungeons & Dragons Game is an accessory for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1991.
Contents.
The rules are presented twice, once in the rule book and again in the Dungeon Card Learning Pack, a set of 48 cards, each 6½" × 9½" that also includes a few four-page supplementary mini-adventures. The front of each card features a discussion of a single facet of the rules, such as non-player characters, hit dice, or initiative rolls. The back of the card describes a brief scenario to illustrate the rules discussed on the front. The four-page mini-adventures that pop up in the card pack at regular intervals incorporate the rules discussed up to that point into a linked series of encounters that give a beginning Dungeon Master a chance to hone his skills. The encounters include directions for setting up counters on the map, boxed text to be read to the players, and a list of responses to the probable actions of the PCs.
Publication history.
This "Dungeons & Dragons" game was published by TSR, Inc. as a boxed game with a 64-page rule book, a Dungeon Master's Screen, a Dragon Card Learning Pack, fold-up counters, a color map sheet, and dice. Design was by Troy Denning (based on the original "Dungeons & Dragons" game by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson), and the rule book by Timothy B. Brown, with developmental editing by Jonatha Caspian. The cover was by Jeff Easley, with interior illustrations by Terry Dykstra, the map by Spectrum Graphics, and playing pieces by Brom, Clyde Caldwell, Jeff Easley, and Fred Fields.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed the "Dungeons & Dragons Game" for "Dragon" magazine #184 (August 1992). He describes the set: "Lavishly packaged, logically organized, and lucidly explained, this is as close to a perfect beginner's package as I've ever seen. Anyone who can read can now learn to play the D&D game as it was intended." He found the game's system of explaining the rules to players "a remarkably efficient and entertaining method of instruction". According to Swan, "The new rule book tightens up and reorganizes the material in the original "D&D" set, though the fundamentals are left intact. The tone is less formal, and there's more emphasis on character classes". He concluded his review with this evaluation: "Whether you find the "D&D" game's approach charming or anachronistic depends on your tolerance for adventures that focus almost exclusively on dungeon crawling, treasure grabbing, and monster bashing. As for me, I'm solidly in favor of the "D&D" game; I've never met a new player who didn't get a kick out of a basic dungeon crawl, and I've GMed everybody from grade school kids to Ph.D.s. The revised "D&D" game is an excellent introduction to a fascinating hobby, recommended for curious newcomers and nostalgic old-timers alike."

</doc>
<doc id="31131351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131351" title="Kuta (caste)">
Kuta (caste)

The Kuta are a Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They are also known as Dhankuta .
Origin.
The Kuta are an occupational Hindu caste traditionally associated with rice husking. According to some traditions, the word kuta is a corruption of the Hindi word kutna, which means to pound. The Kuta themselves claim to be Yaduvanshi Rajputs, who took up the occupation of rice husking. Over time this change of occupation led to the formation of a distinct community. They are a small community, found mainly in the districts of Bahraich, Moradabad and Shahjahanpur.
Present Circumstances.
The Kuta are strictly endogamous and practice clan exogamy. They are divided into ten exogamous sub-divisions, known as "paltis", namely the Chauhan, Parihar, Gahlot, Solanki, Hamoria, Shishwal, Chandravanshi, Rathor, Parmar and Kotak. The main function of the palti is to trace descent and to regulate their marriage alliances.
The Kuta have seen a decline in their traditional occupation, with the growth of rice mills. Most Kuta are now petty businessmen, setting up their own rice mills. Others are involved in the transportation business. Like other Hindu castes, they have set a caste association, the Dhankut Samaj Kalyan Samiti, which acts as a community welfare association. Each Kuta settlement also contains a biradari panchayat, an informal caste association, which acts as an instrument of social control.

</doc>
<doc id="31131353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131353" title="Ypsolopha dorsimaculella">
Ypsolopha dorsimaculella

Ypsolopha dorsimaculella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found throughout North America. In Canada, it is known from British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan. It is known from most of the continental United States. The habitat consists of mixed wood forests, riparian areas and possibly scrubland.
The wingspan is 18.5–19.5 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August. Adults are of a uniform, drab colour.

</doc>
<doc id="31131359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131359" title="Songs of Sinatra">
Songs of Sinatra

Songs of Sinatra is a 2005 studio album by Steve Tyrell that has him singing his renditions of Frank Sinatra.

</doc>
<doc id="31131367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131367" title="Somewhere in Politics">
Somewhere in Politics

Somewhere in Politics is a 1949 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Tessie O'Shea and Josef Locke. It was the fifth and final film in the "Somewhere" series of films featuring Randle.
According to the British Film Institute (BFI), only a print of an "18-minute short from the film, entitled "Full House"", is known to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="31131368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131368" title="2004–05 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2004–05 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2004–2005 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2004-2005 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Sydney from 21 August through 28 August 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="31131370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131370" title="Dark Sun Boxed Set">
Dark Sun Boxed Set

The original Dark Sun Boxed Set is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1991.
Contents.
The package includes two thick campaign guides, a booklet titled A Little Knowledge (featuring a short story and a couple of Monstrous Compendium entries), a pair of colorful maps, and a set of spiral-bound flip books featuring an introductory adventure. 
One of the campaign guides, called The Wanderer's Journal, explains the background of the Dark Sun world and is written in the style of a first-person memoir. The other campaign guide details the new rules for the setting. The flip books are made of cardstock pages bound by metal spirals, and the back covers have accordion folds so that the books can stand upright on a table. The Dungeon Master's Book details a simple adventure, complete with encounter descriptions, game statistics, and role-playing notes. The Player Aid Cards contain pictures and diagrams to be shown to the players during key points of the adventure.
Athas has been devastated as the result of magic run amuck, leaving most of Athas as an empty desert, interrupted by a handful of corrupt city states controlled by power-mad sorcerer-kings and their spell-wielding lackeys. Slavery is commonplace, gladiatorial duels provide entertainment for the elite, and treachery and death permeate the culture. As rain falls only once per decade in some areas, water is more precious than gold. Travelers risk dehydration from the scorching heat, ambushes from brutal elven raiders, and attacks from giant tentacles lurking in the dust-filled Sea of Silt. Owing to the scarcity of natural resources, few wizards have access to books made of paper pages and hard covers; instead, they record their spells with string patterns and complex knots. Metal is also rare, affecting both the economy and the quality of equipment. The ceramic coin, made from clay and glazed in various colors, is the primary medium of exchange, worth about a hundredth of a gold piece. Weapons typically consist of obsidian, bone, and wood, and are prone to break. Only a single dragon exists in all of Athas, a monstrosity with supra-genius intelligence whose appearance heralds disasters of catastrophic proportions.
Dark Sun characters are considerably tougher than their counterparts in other "AD&D" settings. All characters begin at 3rd level, and ability scores may be raised higher than those of ordinary "AD&D" characters. PCs start the game with three times the funds stated in the "Money and Equipment" chapter of the "Player's Handbook". All Dark Sun campaign PCs have at least one psionic talent, as described in "The Complete Psionics Handbook". Athasian dwarves stand less than 5' tall and weigh nearly 200 lbs. Each dwarf pursues a singular obsession, called a focus, that requires at least a week to complete. Athasian elves are hostile nomads, marked by savage dispositions and a deep distrust of outsiders. The wiry halflings seldom exceed 3½' in height and live in shaman-ruled settlements in the jungles beyond the mysterious Ringing Mountains. Three new races also flourish in Athas: muls (the exceptionally strong offspring of dwarves and humans, commonly used for slave labor), half-giants (a cross between giants and humans who choose new alignments every morning), and thri-kreen (savage insect men, also known as mantis warriors, with venomous saliva and armorlike exoskeletons). Player-characters may be drawn from any of the races, including the three new ones. For character classes, the warrior category incorporates fighters and the rangers, but excludes paladins, who do not exist in Athas. The warrior class also includes a new archetype called the gladiator. Disciplined in a variety of combat techniques, gladiators are automatically proficient in all weapons, receive a bonuses to punching and wresting attack rolls, and are allowed to specialize in multiple weapons. Thieves and bards are also included. Priests comprise three distinct categories: clerics, who derive their powers directly from the elemental planes; templars, who serve the sorcerer-kings and are dependent on them for magical energy; and druids, who are bound to the essence of a particular oasis or other geographic location. Dark Sun world wizards include defilers, whose powers come at the expense of the ecosystem; preservers, who wield magic in concert with the environment; and illusionists, specialists in illusory effects who may be either defilers or preservers. The Dark Sun rules encourage players to follow the alignment guidelines used in other "AD&D" campaigns, though allowances are made for extreme circumstances.
No deities exist in Athas. Instead, clerics worship natural forces, represented by the elemental planes of earth, air, fire, and water. The only spheres accessible to Athasian clerics are those corresponding to the elemental planes, along with the catch-all Sphere of the Cosmos. Additionally, clerics and druids may tap into magical plants called trees of life once per day, to gain heal, augury, divination, and magic font spells. Wizardly magic derives directly from the life forces inherent in the ecosystem. Defilers have no qualms about exploiting the environment, as every spell they cast sucks the life from the surrounding area and turns it into a sterile wasteland. The "Defiler Magical Destruction Table" indicates the effects of defiler magic on the immediate terrain. Preservers, striving to wield magic in harmony with nature, cause no damage to the environment when they cast spells. However, preservers advance in level at a much slower rate than the self-serving defilers.
Publication history.
The "Dark Sun" boxed set was published by TSR, Inc. as a boxed set with a 96-page "Rules Book", a 96-page "Wanderer's Journal", a 16-page "A Little Knowledge" booklet, two 24-page spiral-bound flip books, one single-sided 21" × 32" map sheet, one 21" × 36" double-sided map sheet, and one 21" × 32" poster. Design was by Timothy B. Brown and Troy Denning with editing by William W. Connors and J. Robert King, and black-and-white art by Brom and Tom Baxa, and color art by Brom.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed the "Dark Sun Boxed Set" for "Dragon" magazine #185 (September 1992). He gives an overview of the set: "Using the desert as a metaphor for struggle and despair, this set presents a truly alien setting, bizarre even by "AD&D" game standards. From dragons to spell-casting, from character classes to gold pieces, this set ties familiar "AD&D" conventions into knots, resulting in one of the most fascinating and original game worlds that TSR has ever produced." He said that the campaign guides are "well-written, clearly organized, and liberally illustrated with evocative black-and-white artwork". He said that while the first person-approach of "The Wanderer's Journal" "makes for interesting reading the first time through, it's annoying later on when the DM has to sift through all of the narrative clutter to dig out the facts he needs for his campaign. I'd have preferred a straight encyclopedic presentation, similar to that of the "Time of the Dragon" and "" boxed sets." He identified the flip books as "the set's most unusual components" and felt that although the adventure they present "is cleverly staged and reasonably engaging, it hardly merits a format this elaborate. Since players are unlikely to use the adventure more than once or twice, a couple of stapled booklets would have sufficed. The flip books would have been more useful had they contained frequently needed reference material, such as character-class summaries, spell lists, or combat tables." He felt that the "Imaginative details make the sourcebook material sparkle". He considered the idea of every player character having psionic talents "the most notable departure from "AD&D" game conventions", explaining that "Because psionics tend to echo the effects of magic, this rule gives everyone access to powers normally reserved for wizards and clerics." He commented on the use of alignment in the rules: "Despite the modifications, the alignment rules aren't particularly compatible with the tone of the "Dark Sun" set, where the struggle for survival takes precedence over adherence to abstract principles." He stated that "The "Dark Sun" set's ecological themes are most pronounced in its treatment of magic." He concluded that the "Dark Sun" set's events "parallel many of the crises we're facing in the real world, which gives the game a degree of resonance and substance seldom found in fantasy role-playing. When a greedy minority is free to exploit its society's resources - regardless of whether those resources are economic, technological, or magical - the result is chronic misery for everyone else and a cycle of decay that becomes increasingly difficult to reverse. Intentional or not, the "Dark Sun" set makes a strong case for altruism and cooperation by showing the dire consequences of unbridled self-interest. Before I go too far off the deep end, let me hasten to add that above all else, the "Dark Sun" set is a lot of fun, filled with an imaginative array of fantastic monsters, devious bad guys, and glittering treasures. And somewhere beneath all those sand dunes, I wouldn't be surprised if there were a dungeon or two waiting to be explored." He finished the review by stating that "it takes a skilled DM to handle the subtleties of the setting, not to mention the psionics rules and the fine points of the new races and character classes, but it's worth the effort. The Dark Sun setting is that good."

</doc>
<doc id="31131371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131371" title="HPM.1">
HPM.1

HPM.1 is Hardware Platform Management IPM Controller Firmware Upgrade Specification of PICMG. This specification describes firmware upgrade procedure into PICMG IPM Controllers (Not PICMG 3.0 Shelf Management Controller (ShMC)), as specified in the
specifications AdvancedTCA, 
AdvancedMC and MicroTCA specifications. An Upgrade Agent (Ex:ipmitool) upgrades firmware via any IPMI interfaces (IPMB-0 or IPMB-L, LAN, UART or any Shelf-Carrier Manager).The specification also describes format of upgrade image. The upgrade image can contain one or more than one component's firmware. The upgrade agent upgrades the component's firmware one by one. The IPM controller can have more than one component (U-Boot, Linux, rfs, FPGA, etc.). The firmware upgrade procedure contains three stages (Preparation Stage, Upgrade Stage, and Activation Stage). In preparation stage Upgrade Agent gets target capabilities and all component properties. Then it compares this information with Upgrade image. If there is a mismatch, Upgrade Agent abandons the firmware upgrade. Otherwise it moves into Upgrade stage. In Upgrade stage upgrade agent sends all components firmware one by one. After successfully receiving the firmware, IPM controller waits for activation. In Activation stage Upgrade Agent activates newly uploaded firmware. If self-test is supported by IPM controller, then it is invoked. If self-test fails, IPM controller automatically rolls back to previous firmware. If IPM controller does not support automatic roll back, operator or Upgrade Agent has to initiate the manual roll back.

</doc>
<doc id="31131386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131386" title="Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts">
Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts

"Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts" is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1992.
Contents.
The book sorts ghosts into several general categories according to their power levels (first through fifth magnitude), physical appearance (spectral, humanoid, bestial), and origin (sudden death, reincarnation, dark pacts). By mixing the characteristics associated with these and other categories, the Dungeon Master can create customized spirits. Ghostly powers and vulnerabilities are discussed at length, and a chapter is devoted to the investigation of hauntings.
Publication history.
"Van Richten’s Guide to Ghosts" was written by William W. Connors, and published by TSR, Inc. Cover art was by Robin Wood, with interior art by Robert Klasnich and Stephen Fabian.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed "Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts" for "Dragon" magazine #186 (October 1992). Swan comments: "One of the better Ravenloft supplements, this volume provides workable suggestions for incorporating the incorporeal into gothic horror campaigns." He felt that the chapter devoted to the investigation of hauntings "provides interesting springboards for supernatural adventures". Swan concluded that although the book was "generally well-written, the designer should've ditched the first-person approach [...] which is not only distracting but inappropriate for what is essentially a rule book".

</doc>
<doc id="31131387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131387" title="The Dunstable Sailplane Company">
The Dunstable Sailplane Company

The Dunstable Sailplane Company was established in 1934 by W.L. Manuel and C.H. Latimer-Needham to design, manufacture and repair gliders from its workshop at Barton-Le-Clay Airfield in Bedfordshire.
The Dunstable Kestrel was manufactured by the company from designs by W.L. Manuel in 1935; production was limited to one sailplane with a British Gliding Association id of G221. Records comment that G221 was purchased by a trainee pilot who was still in his early stages of training with a primary glider. This Dunstable Kestrel passed to the Norfolk & Norwich Aero Club and crashed in 1938, however W.L. Manuel drew up plans for home builders which were offered for sale at the cost of £6. 6s. W.E. Godson purchased a set of plans and built a second British Kestrel whilst three more Kestrels were built in Australia by R. New, R. Basillie and the last by P. Pratt. Whilst no remains exist of the British built aircraft all three Australian-built ones are in museums. 
W. L. Manuel was born William Lancelot Manuel in 1903; parish records list his birthplace as Malling, Kent. Manuel spent his early life working at RAF Hawkinge Kent with 25 Fighter Squadron, He was a key member in the establishment of the Channel Gliding Club (1930), and built an estimated 14 aircraft over his 84-year life. William Manuel retired in 1965 from the AC Cars company of Thames Ditton; it is thought he was the company's chief planning engineer on retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="31131388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131388" title="Ypsolopha dentiferella">
Ypsolopha dentiferella

Ypsolopha dentiferella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found throughout North America. In Canada, it occurs in most provinces, being most frequently collected in British Columbia and Alberta. It is known from a wide variety of habitats, including mixed wood forests, semi-arid scrubland, prairies and badlands.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September.
The larvae have been reared on "Pinus banksiana".

</doc>
<doc id="31131401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131401" title="Kati Wolf">
Kati Wolf

Kati Wolf (born 24 September 1974, Szentendre) is a Hungarian singer and former airline purser. Wolf represented Hungary at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "What About My Dreams?".
At the age of seven, Wolf sang the title track for the popular Hungarian cartoon "Vuk". Besides singing, she also took piano and jazz dance classes. After her graduation as solfege teacher, chorus master at the Hungarian Music Academy, she worked with numerous bands in different genres but her big breakthrough came in 2010 as a finalist of the Hungarian version of the talent show "X-Faktor".

</doc>
<doc id="31131404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131404" title="Radical 52">
Radical 52

Radical 52 meaning "short" or "tiny" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 50 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131412" title="The Magic Encyclopedia">
The Magic Encyclopedia

The Magic Encyclopedia, Volume One and Volume Two are two accessories for "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1992. It was compiled for "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons", 2nd edition.
Contents.
"The Magic Encyclopedia" is a two-volume product, an index of virtually every magical item from virtually every TSR rulebook, accessory, and magazine, listing roughly 5,500 magic items spread out over the two volumes in the series. The book alphabetizes the items into general categories, listing their experience point values, costs, and original appearances; also included is a complete list of TSR's role-playing products published from 1974 up to that time.
Volume One contains items from A-G. Volume Two contains items from H-Z.
Publication history.
"Magic Encyclopedia, Volume One" was by Connie Rae Henson and Dale "Sladey" Henson, and published by TSR Inc.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed "Magic Encyclopedia, Volume One" for "Dragon" magazine #190 (February 1993). Swan considered "The Magic Encyclopdia" "a product that's long overdue", calling it "quite a collection". He considered that the complete list of TSR's role-playing products "may be worth the price of admission to hardcore collectors". However, he noted that "Since no descriptions are provided for individual items, the "Magic Encyclopedia" is less useful to new players than to old-timers who have access to a sizeable TSR library. Only the marketing department knows why it was necessary to publish this in two volumes", concluding that players would be unlikely to just want the items from one part of the alphabet.

</doc>
<doc id="31131421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131421" title="Wasao">
Wasao


</doc>
<doc id="31131423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131423" title="Night Howlers">
Night Howlers

Night Howlers is an accessory for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1992.
Contents.
Players will require a copy of the "D&D" game "Rules Cyclopedia" to use this book. The "D&D" game presents lycanthropes as disease victims rather than members of a unique race. Any human player character can become a werecreature. Players using lycanthropic PCs must keep two sets of statistics, one for the human form, another for the beast, using the Werecreature Character Record Sheet, a single-page form that comes with the package. The "Werewolves' Manual" provides detailed descriptions of the "D&D" game's ten standard were-types, outlining their restrictions and special abilities. Available types include the weretiger, wererat, wereseal, weresharks, and devil swine, and most special abilities are received as level advancement bonuses. The "D&D" rules require lycanthropy victims to assume the alignment of their beast-form, which is usually Chaotic, but "Night Howlers" allows a PC lycanthrope to make a saving throw when transforming; a successful throw enables a bestial PC to retain the alignment of his human form. The book also includes role-playing tips to address the aspects of a werecreature's split personality.
Normally, an infected PC automatically transforms during the full moon, but "Night Howlers" enables him to resist the change with a successful saving throw; conversely, he may transform voluntarily by making a Constitution check, modified by the phase of the moon, and at higher levels a lycanthrope can change into an intermediate "beast-man," combining the special abilities of both his animal and human forms. The combat section clarifies the effects of damage—an injury suffered by the active form can affect the inactive form as well—and suggests penalties for lycanthropes who don't get enough rest. "Lycanthropic Procedures" handles some of the difficult aspects of shapeshifting, such as whether a lycanthrope can transform while wearing armor, or if a lycanthrope can ride a horse.
The "DM's Guide" covers the basics of converting existing characters to werecreatures, setting the tone of the game, and adapting published scenarios. A table compares the relative levels of human and werecreature characters, for help with designing balanced encounters. The "Valley of Wolves" chapter presents a setting that ties neatly into "The Principalities of Glantri" "D&D" Gazetteer. Scenario outlines are included, such as: "A-Hunting We Will Go", which illustrates the problems facing werecreatures on hunting expeditions, while "The White Wolf of Morlay" challenges the PCs to rescue a white wolf from Dame Genevieve, a magic researcher who uses lycanthropes for lab rats.
Publication history.
"Night Howlers" was published by TSR, Inc. as a 32-page "Werewolves' Manual", a 64-page "DM's Guide", and a 32"X21" color map sheet. Design was by Ann Dupuis and editing by Jonatha Ariadne Caspian, with a cover by Fred Fields and illustrations by James Crabtree.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed "Night Howlers" for "Dragon" magazine #192 (April 1993). He says that "Night Howlers" "achieves its modest goals quite successfully, providing slick, straightforward guidelines for incorporating lycanthropic PCs into Dungeons & Dragons campaigns". He cautions that players will require "a high tolerance for the system's eccentricities", since "D&D" lycanthropes can't be harmed by ordinary weapons, and include "oddball variants". He notes that while keeping track of two sets of character statistics "sounds like a chore", but the Werecreature Character Record Sheet "makes it snap". He felt that acquiring special abilities through level advancement was "a nice touch that encourages players to stick with their lycanthropic PCs though a campaign". He considers Chaotic "the most difficult alignment to play effectively" but calls the saving throw when transforming to retain the alignment of the human form "a good rule, strongly recommended". Swan felt that the role-playing tips "address only the most obvious aspects of a werecreature's split personality", commenting that Dupuis "seems more interested in physiology than psychology, making the book less useful than it could've been". He felt that the strongest material in "Night Howlers" deals with staging adventures, and called the scenario outlines "Best of all" because they are "designed to take optimum advantage of lycanthropic characters". Swan felt that "Night Howlers" "lacks the atmosphere and spectacle of the "" game", which he also reviewed in the same column, and concluded his review by saying: "but it delivers the goods to "D&D" game players who want to shake up their campaigns. Unlike "Werewolf", "Night Howlers" accommodates a wide range of playing styles, from high fantasy to low comedy (humor is about as welcome in "Werewolf" as a whoopee cushion at a funeral). The clear, direct writing and clutter-free presentation enables DMs to incorporate lycanthropic characters with a minimum of fuss. I suggest going easy at first—the powerful shapeshifting PCs tend to give their uninfected companions inferiority complexes—but used judiciously, "Night Howlers" can produce some of the wildest "D&D" sessions you've ever experienced."

</doc>
<doc id="31131425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131425" title="Hokkaido 5th district">
Hokkaido 5th district

Hokkaidō 5th district () is a constituency of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan. It consists of Atsubetsu ward in Hokkaido's city of Sapporo and Ishikari Subprefecture without Sapporo. As of 2009, 453,752 eligible voters were registered in the district.
The district was created in the 1994 electoral reform from parts of the previous 1st district where six representatives had been elected by single-non transferable vote. Representatives from the old 1st district included Kingo Machimura and his son Nobutaka Machimura.
Nobutaka Machimura (LDP, Machimura faction) safely won the new 5th district in the 1996 election and defended it against Democratic challenger Chiyomi Kobayashi in subsequent elections. The 2009 general election, though, gave the Democratic Party a landslide victory and Kobayashi surpassed Machimura by 30,000 votes. She resigned in June 2010 over a political funds scandal. Machimura resigned from his seat in the Hokkaidō proportional block to run in the resulting by-election in October 2010 and defeated former construction ministry bureaucrat Shigeyuki Nakamae by a clear margin to regain his district seat.

</doc>
<doc id="31131426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131426" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica A">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica A

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131429" title="New Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School">
New Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School

New Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School (NPMHSS) is a private school in the southern suburbs of Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. The school is recognized by the State Government of Tamil Nadu and is affiliated to the Matriculation System of Tamil Nadu up to Standard 10 and the Tamil Nadu State Board for Standards 11 and 12. the current Principal and Correspondent, NPMHSS is well known for achieving state ranks in Standard 10 and 12 public examinations consistently.

</doc>
<doc id="31131436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131436" title="ARTE Quartett">
ARTE Quartett

The ARTE Quartett was founded in 1995 by the saxophonists Beat Hofstetter, Sascha Armbruster, Andrea Formenti and Beat Kappeler.
Their emphasis is on contemporary music, jazz, and free improvisation. The four musicians have commissioned many works, often working collaboratively with a composer in developing a composition. The quartet has also arranged and composed original music which they often present at concerts with a thematic focus.
ARTE Quartett has performed concerts with Urs Leimgruber, Hans Feigenwinter, Terry Riley, Michael Riessler, Tim Berne, Fred Frith, Nick Didkovsky, Pierre Favre, Lucas Niggli and Rabih Abou-Khalil.
The quartet tours regularly, plays at various festivals and concert series, and has recorded with various national broadcast companies. Among the festivals and venues where the ARTE Quartett has played are: Centre Culturel Suisse, Paris (F); Meistersinger Festival, Nürnberg (D); Eremitage, Schwaz (A); Münchner Klaviersommer, München (D); Fest der Künste, St. Moritz (CH); Theater, Basel (CH); Centro Culturale Svizzero, Mailand (I); Istituto Svizzero, Rom (I); Melos-Ethos, Bratislava (SLK); Ultraschall, Berlin (D); Jazzfestival, Schaffhausen (CH); Queen Elizabeth Hall, London Jazz Festival (GB); Instant Chavirés, Paris (F); Bimhuis, Amsterdam (NL), FIMAV, Victoriaville (CA); Porgy & Bess, Wien (AT); Stanser Musiktage, Stans (CH); Off-Beat Festival, Basel (CH).

</doc>
<doc id="31131437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131437" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica B">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica B

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131438" title="Kazuaki Kamizono">
Kazuaki Kamizono

Kazuaki Kamizono (上園 和明, born November 28, 1981) is a retired Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31131439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131439" title="Demobbed (1946 film)">
Demobbed (1946 film)

Demobbed is a 1946 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Norman Evans, Nat Jackley, Gus McNaughton and Dan Young. Its plot concerns a group of ex-soldiers who attempt to gain employment after being discharged from the army.

</doc>
<doc id="31131442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131442" title="2003–04 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2003–04 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2003–2004 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2003-2004 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Boondall from 29 November through 6 December 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31131444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131444" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica C">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica C

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131447" title="Summerland Trail Shelter">
Summerland Trail Shelter

The Summerland Trail Shelter in Mount Rainier National Park is a rustic shelter on the Wonderland Trail, built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1934. The shelter features stone walls and a log roof structure, in a saltbox shape, to a design by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design, under the supervision of Edwin A. Nickel. Measuring about by , it is one of two CCC shelters remaining on the trail, with the Indian Bar Trail Shelter. According to the supervising landscape architect, "The workmen were inexperienced in stone work and the shelter was not too good in appearance, but it was in harmony with its location."
The shelter was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31131460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131460" title="List of buildings and structures in Benin">
List of buildings and structures in Benin

A list of notable buildings and structures in Benin:

</doc>
<doc id="31131463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131463" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica D">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica D

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131464" title="Radical 53">
Radical 53

Radical 53 meaning "dotted cliff" or "house on cliff" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 15 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131470" title="Robot-assisted double heart valve replacement">
Robot-assisted double heart valve replacement

The first robotic-assisted double heart valve replacement was carried out in the Chennai region of India at Chettinad Hospital. Considered a rare form of surgery, this is the first instance of such a procedure using robotic surgery. The surgery was carried out by Dr R Ravi Kumar, who is the director of the Institute of Cardiovascular Disease and head of robotic surgery centre at the Chettinad Health clinic.

</doc>
<doc id="31131474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131474" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica E">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica E

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131478" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica F">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica F

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131479" title="Dan Young">
Dan Young

Dan Young (1899–1970) was a British comedian and film actor. He featured in a number of Mancunian Films productions often appearing with Frank Randle.

</doc>
<doc id="31131484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131484" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica G">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica G

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131489" title="Indian Bar Trail Shelter">
Indian Bar Trail Shelter

The Indian Bar Trail Shelter in Mount Rainier National Park is a rustic shelter on the Wonderland Trail, built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1940. The shelter features stone walls and a log roof structure, to a design by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design, under the supervision of Edwin A. Nickel. Measuring about by , it is one of two CCC shelters remaining on the trail, with the earlier Summerland Trail Shelter. The Indian Bar shelter features a stone fireplace, and replaced an earlier ranger-built shelter.
The shelter was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31131491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131491" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica H">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica H

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131494" title="Hugh Mackay (New Brunswick politician)">
Hugh Mackay (New Brunswick politician)

Hugh Mackay (ca 1751 – 1848) was a judge and political figure in New Brunswick. He represented Charlotte in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1793 to 1795, from 1802 to 1809 and from 1817 to 1830.
Mackay served in the loyalist forces during the American Revolution, afterwards settling in St. George, New Brunswick. He served as a colonel in the militia there and was senior judge in the Court of Common Pleas for Charlotte County. Mackay died at the age of 97.

</doc>
<doc id="31131499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131499" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica I">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica I

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131501" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica J">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica J

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131503" title="2002–03 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2002–03 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2002–2003 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2002-2003 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Brisbane from 30 November through 7 December 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31131512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131512" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica K">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica K

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131515" title="Der Fischer Weltalmanach">
Der Fischer Weltalmanach

Der Fischer Weltalmanach is an almanac, a popular publication of the information issued in Frankfurt on Main, Germany, created at the end of each year since 1959 by a team of Fischer Taschenbuch Verlag.
Concept.
The idea that inspired the creators of the almanac was to find a new form of rapid transmission of information. Inspired by the U.S. The World Almanac and Book of Facts, Gottfried Bermann Fischer, publisher and Gustav Fochler-Hauke, editor developed a product that became a bestseller in the German market, reaching in the first edition print run of about 100 thousand. copies, although it is discussed in only 89 then-existing sovereign states. With the increased volume of the successive editions of publication - 385 pages (1960), 480 (1980), 704 (2000), and its price - 3.30 DM (1960), DM 9.80 (1980), DM 24.90 (2000), 29,95 € (2009).
Contents.
Over 50% of the content devoted to characterization of the 195 countries of the world, including giving facts and figures, and other basic information (language, GDP, the currency structure of the country, society, state, government, political parties and the economy), and chronicle the events of the previous year. Facts about Germany, Austria and Switzerland are richer. Each federal country ("land") or canton is a more accurate by adding a chronicle of events and many statistics.
The publication contains a chronicle of events of the past year, discussed the major themes of the world, including economic and financial crisis, sea piracy, armed conflicts. Added information about the European Union and several international organizations. Discusses the most important problems in economics, environment, culture and sport. It also includes biographies of famous personalities and information about the deceased.
Edition 2010, anniversary, contains more than 250,000, updated data, more than 900 maps, illustrations and tables. It discusses fifty almanac edition, important events in the development of the world, and significant figures in the period 1960 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31131520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131520" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica L">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica L

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131525" title="Accanthopus velikensis">
Accanthopus velikensis

Accanthopus velikensis is a species of "darkling beetles" belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Tenebrioninae.
The adults live under the bark of trees and old stumps. Very characteristic is the tooth on the inner edge of the front femora (hence the Latin word "dentipes" in the synonym "Enoplopus dentipes").

</doc>
<doc id="31131527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131527" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica M">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica M

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131529" title="Narada Falls Bridge">
Narada Falls Bridge

The Narada Falls Bridge is a reinforced concrete arch bridge in Mount Rainier National Park, spanning the Paradise River above Narada Falls. The bridge was built in 1927-1928 by contractor J.D. Tobin of Portland, Oregon, who built the Christine Falls Bridge at the same time. The arch spans . The bridge is wide, with an additional on either side for sidewalks. It was faced with rubble stonework and is an example of National Park Service Rustic design. The bridge is not open for public traffic, leading to the Narada park utility area
The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31131533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131533" title="Yiwenzhi">
Yiwenzhi

Yiwenzhi (), or the Treatise on Literature, is the bibliographical section of the "Hanshu" ("Book of Han") by the Chinese historian Ban Gu (32-92), who completed the work begun by his father Ban Biao. The bibliographical catalog is the last of its ten treatises, and scroll 30 of the 100 scrolls comprising "Hanshu". 
The basis for the catalog came from "Qilue" (七略), the work of Liu Xin, which gave detailed bibliographical information about holdings in the Imperial Library, which itself was an extension on "Bielu" (別錄) by his father Liu Xiang on which the two had collaborated. The catalog provides important insights into the literature of the various Chinese intellectual currents of the pre-Qin period (Nine Schools of Thought), of which only some 20% are presently known.
Origin of the bibliography.
"Hanshu Yiwenzhi" closely adheres to the bibliographical system devised by Liu Xiang and Liu Xin with minor exceptions. The introductory paragraph of the treatise, most likely taken verbatim from "Qilue", is quite informative: 
"Many books were in great disarray in the time of Chengdi, upon which Chen Nong (陳農) was ordered to collect all the books in the world, and high officials to collate books in the Imperial Library; Luminous Grand Master, Liu Xiang, was put in charge of works by the Confucians, the philosophers, and the shi and fu poets; Lieutenant General of the Shanglin Imperial Garden Garrison, Ren Hong (任宏), of works by militarists, Grand Astronomer-Historian, Yin Xian (尹咸), of works by astrologers and diviners, and Surgeon to the Emperor, Li Zhuguo (李柱國), of works by herbalists and alchemists. Liu Xiang wrote an abstract for each completed work, catalogued, and memorialized it to the emperor. Liu Xin expanded the system to cover a great many books, and memorialized the "Seven Abstracts", or the "Qilue"." 
Liu Xin created a seventh domain Jilue (輯略) to separate books he himself wrote, but Ban Gu, while using Liu Xin's Qilue material, reverted to the six-domain system of Liu Xiang, and reclassified Liu Xin's works into the other six domains. Furthermore, Ban Gu added titles that appeared after "Qilue" (before 23) and before his time of writing the Hanshu (before 92), including some of his own.
Material and morphology of books in Hanshu Yiwenzhi.
Scrolls in bamboo strips, mostly for text, were referred to as pian (篇), while those in woven silk, mostly for large pictorial representations, as juan (卷); both are called scrolls because they were rolled up, bound, and tagged for identification. The practice of using scroll pouches called ji (帙) to hold five to ten scrolls had been in existence ("Shuowen Jiezi" defines the character as "book clothes"), but paper had not been invented by Cai Lun until 13 years after Ban Gu's death. The earliest form of back-bone binding of books, the butterfly binding (蝴蝶裝), was not invented until around 1000.
Example "Zhuangzi".
The details of the philosophical work of "Zhuangzi" in this catalog are as follows: "五十二篇。名周，宋人。" From this we see that a 52-chapter edition was known, rather than the now common 33-chapter edition amended by Guo Xiang. The author's name is specified as Zhuang Zhou, and he came from the State of Song, but the authorship of the "Zhuangzi" can not be discussed in greater detail.
Research.
Commentaries on "Yiwenzhi" were done by Yan Shigu (581–645) and Wang Yinglin :zh:王應麟 (1223–1296). Modern researches on the topic include Gu Shi 顾实, Chen Guoqing :zh:陈国庆 (b.1953) and others.
Comparison to the Pinake of Alexandria.
The Hanshu Yiwenzhi catalogued the Former Han Imperial Library holdings under "6 domains, 38 classes, 596 families; 13,269 scrolls in all" (大凡書，六略三十八種，五百九十六家，萬三千二百六十九卷。) concludes the treatise. An estimated 20% of the titles are extant today. This compares favourably with the estimated 10% survival of the "Pinakes" titles that consisted of works in Greek, Egyptian, Aramiac, Hebrew, Persian, and other languages, in the Great Library of Alexandria of the 3rd century BCE, which according to one tradition, at one time held some 120,000 parchment scrolls and papyri.

</doc>
<doc id="31131535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131535" title="Ypsolopha senex">
Ypsolopha senex

Ypsolopha senex is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found throughout North America. In Canada it occurs in most provinces, from British Columbia and Alberta to Manitoba. It is present in most of the continental United States. It is known from a wide variety of habitats, including riparian ecosystems, mixed wood forest and alpine tundra.
They are of a uniform, drab colour. Adults are on wing from June to September. There is probably one generation per year.
The larvae feed on the leaves of "Salix" species. Feeding occurs in a loose web. Pupation takes place in a silken cocoon of a tubular shape.

</doc>
<doc id="31131538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131538" title="Hugh Mackay">
Hugh Mackay

Hugh Mackay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31131540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131540" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica N">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica N

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131541" title="Country house conversion to apartments">
Country house conversion to apartments

Country house conversion to apartments is the process whereby a large country houses, which was originally built to accommodate one wealthy family, is subdivided into separate apartments (i.e. flats or condos) to allow multiple residential occupancy by a number of unrelated families.
History.
Large country houses were built on an estate in the 18th and 19th centuries to reflect a family's wealth and power, and to accommodate their extended family and a large number of servants required to maintain the house and family's lifestyle. However, with the diminishing income from farming, the increasing wages of staff and their movement to cities, and the invention of electricity, plumbing and domestic appliances, large houses with many staff became impractical to maintain. From about the mid 20th century many country houses, in order to avoid their demolition or use by an institution, especially those further away from larger cities (and hence not a practical weekend country retreat for the wealthy), have been converted into apartments.
Techniques.
Subdivision can be vertical (i.e. a whole wing), horizontal (i.e. a whole or part of one floor), or a combination of both. Vertical conversions have the advantage of giving each apartment a range of different sized rooms, from large public reception rooms on the ground or first floor to smaller rooms on the lower-ground and upper floors for bedrooms. The disadvantage is that space is taken up by the artificial insertion of staircases for each apartment (unless service staircases already existed), and the residents are required to constantly walk up and down staircase to move throughout the home. The advantage of horizontal conversion is single level living, with the disadvantage that on the original public reception rooms level, larger rooms need to be partitioned or a mezzanine level added to maximise the space and provide smaller types of rooms.
The objective of the conversion is to maximise the retention of the house's original architectural features and decorations, while minimising structural changes. In the UK, planning permission for the conversion of listed buildings will often be granted with enabling development near the house (i.e. the construction of new housing), to help fund the project.
In the UK, vertical conversions can sometimes be sold with freehold title, but horizontal conversions (or a mixture) must be sold as leasehold, with apartment lessees holding shares in a company that owns the building and land's freehold.
Houses.
List of country houses converted into apartments, by country, in chronological order by conversion dates. This excludes conversions into retirement homes, where the apartments are hotel-style, with communal dining and living rooms (e.g. the original Country Houses Association properties).
England.
In progress.
Unknown years:
Scotland.
In progress:
Wales.
In progress:

</doc>
<doc id="31131543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131543" title="The Seven By Nine Squares">
The Seven By Nine Squares

The Seven By Nine Squares was an early internet site, and art project, led by Florian Cramer. It was designed as an interactive literary experience, and speaks primarily of the concepts of Neoism, collective identity, and Monty Cantsin.
Stewart Home, co-writer of book The House of Nine Squares, with Florian Cramer, asserts that the project was an effort to create the illusion of an art movement. Where Neoism, for the authors, is nothing more than an idea than even they disagreed upon. Both felt it was a "movement" defined by those that used the term, and how. Their efforts simply served to elevate the idea of the existence of this movement, with the purpose of confusing all.
Published letters, from 1995, between the two, reveal the names 'Luther Blissett,' 'Monty Cantsin,' and 'Karen Eliot,' were used widely throughout the media at the time, by many different people, in assistance with building the myth. Anonymity and the shared usage of names was a core concept of so-called Neoism.
It was rated by Point Survey, in the 1990s, as being among the top 5% of all sites in the Internet, and "Web of the Week" by Steinkrug Publications.
"In 1994, hundreds of European artists, activists and pranksters adopted and shared the same identity.
They all called themselves Luther Blissett and set to raising hell in the cultural industry. It was a five-year plan.
They worked together to tell the world a great story, create a legend, give birth to a new kind of folk hero."

</doc>
<doc id="31131544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131544" title="Radical 54">
Radical 54

Radical 54 meaning "long stride" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are nine characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131547" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica O">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica O

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131549" title="Kim Myung-Hwi">
Kim Myung-Hwi

Kim Myung-Hwi (born 8 May 1981) is a retired Japanese-born North Korean footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="31131550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131550" title="Necropolis Chapel">
Necropolis Chapel

The Necropolis Chapel was built by the architect Henry Langley in 1872 in the Gothic Revival style. It is located at 200 Winchester Street, Toronto, in the Cabbagetown neighbourhood at the edge of the Don Valley. Its entrance is marked by a pointed barrel vault that leads to the central part of the chapel. The latter has a simple gable roof, whose steep, pitched gables raise high to a sharp ridge. The square tower is placed on the east side of the plan, giving the edifice a picturesque, asymmetrical appearance that is tightly linked to the Gothic. This particularity shifts the center of gravity of the building, giving the it an ascending diagonal axis. The steep slope of the roof along with the placement and configuration of the tower give the building a jagged, pointed contour. The dominant material used is yellow brick, with a stone entrance vault. The roof is covered with two different patterns of slates and is unique for its multicolored appearance. There are a number of High Gothic Revival style elements, which include rich wrought iron on fences, detailed trefoils carved on the stone facade, ridge cresting on the tower roof and finials. White sawn wood ornament decorates the eaves of the porch and the barge-boards of the steep gables of the main gate and the caretaker’s house. Kept almost intact over time, the Necropolis Chapel fits perfectly into its surrounding context, which is the heritage conservation district Cabbagetown.

</doc>
<doc id="31131567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131567" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica P">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica P

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131578" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica R">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica R

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131592" title="Radical 55">
Radical 55

Radical 55 meaning "two hands" or "twenty" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 50 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131595" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica S">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica S

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131601" title="Under New Management">
Under New Management

Under New Management is a 1946 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Nat Jackley, Norman Evans and Dan Young. A chimney sweep inherits a hotel and calls on a number of ex-army friends to staff it. It was one of a number of films at the time dealing with the contemporary issue of demobilisation following the end of the Second World War. It is also known by the alternative title of Honeymoon Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="31131606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131606" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica T">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica T

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131608" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica U">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica U

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131612" title="Narada Falls Comfort Station">
Narada Falls Comfort Station

The Narada Falls Comfort Station was built in Mount Rainier National Park by the National Park Service and the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1941-42. The public toilet building is close to Narada Falls in the south central portion of the park. Initial work by the Park Service encountered substantial rock excavation, with the subsequent cost overrun requiring the Park Service to use CCC labor to complete the project. The building features stone masonry walls to window sill level, woor framed upper walls, and a timber framed roof. The interior comprises a waiting room and a toilet facility. The design was by the Western Region Landscape Engineering Division, with plan approval by Thomas Chalmers Vint, NPS Chief of Planning. 
The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31131614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131614" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica V">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica V

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131616" title="Nils Klöfver">
Nils Klöfver

Nils Klöfver (born 13 November 1982 in Stockholm) is classical guitarist who plays the 11-string alto guitar as well as the standard 6-string instrument. With a strong focus on chamber music he has performed and recorded in ensembles with violin, flute, string quartet and singers.
Nils Klöfver graduated from the Bachelor of Music (Hons) course at the Royal College of Music in 2006 with a first class degree. In the same year he also won first prize in the yearly Royal College of Music Guitar Competition, made his debut at the Wigmore Hall and appeared as a finalist in the distinguished Jörgen Rörby competition in Sweden.
During his college years he studied with Carlos Bonell and Gary Ryan and also participated in master classes with John Williams, David Russell, Roland Dyens and Marco Socias among others. He has received scholarships from the Swedish Royal Academy of Music (Kungl. Musikaliska Akademien), The Cultural Board of the Council of Borlänge and Sparbanksstiftelsen.
Recordings.
Guitar & Alto Guitar is Nils Klöfver's first album with music for classical guitar and 11-string alto guitar. Works by J.S. Bach, J. Dowland, F. Tarrega, R. Dyens among others. 
Variety Lights is an album with violin and guitar ensemble Kleiman Klöfver Duo. Works by G.F. Händel, T. Aulin, M. de Falla among others.
Romance d'Amour
Publications.
Nils Klöfver has published a number of chamber music arrangements with guitar with different publishers, e.g. Gehrmans Music Publishing and Ernesto Musikverlag.

</doc>
<doc id="31131620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131620" title="Ypsolopha canariella">
Ypsolopha canariella

The Canary Ypsolopha Moth ("Ypsolopha canariella") is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found throughout North America from sea level up to elevations of 1,830 meters. In Canada it occurs in most provinces, from British Columbia and Alberta to Ontario. It is present in most of the continental United States. It is known from a wide variety of habitats, including mixed wood forests, semi-arid scrubland, prairies and badlands.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are yellow with a reddish-brown triangular area in the middle of the wing. The hindwings are white or pale gray and semitransparent with a long fringe. Adults are on wing from June to September.
The larvae feed on the leaves of "Salix" and "Lonicera" species, as well as the flowers of "Symphoricarpos albus". They are probably solitary defoliators. Pupation takes place in a tubular shaped silken cocoon on a leaf.

</doc>
<doc id="31131621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131621" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica W">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica W

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131627" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica Y">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica Y

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131636" title="Radical 56">
Radical 56

Radical 56 meaning "shoot" or "arrow" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 15 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131638" title="2001–02 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2001–02 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2001–2002 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2001-2002 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in North Ryde from 1 December through 8 December 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31131639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131639" title="Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica Z">
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica Z

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z

</doc>
<doc id="31131642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131642" title="Church of the Holy Name, Toronto">
Church of the Holy Name, Toronto

The Church of the Holy Name in Toronto, Ontario, Canada is a historic church built during 1913 to 1926. The church was designed by architect Arthur W. Holmes to resemble the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome. It is asserted to be "unchallenged as the Danforth’s most impressive architectural landmark."
The Church of the Holy Name is located on The Danforth, slightly west of Pape Avenue. Historically, Danforth Avenue started off as a sleepy byway, with large stretches of open fields. The dirt road became dusty in the summer and muddy during wet weather. Over time the Danforth streetscape evolved to consist of scattered houses, the occasional church, most notably Church of the Holy Name, and the occasional hotel.
The Church of the Holy Name has remained an architectural landmark along Danforth Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="31131659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131659" title="Thomsen–Friedenreich antigen">
Thomsen–Friedenreich antigen

Thomsen–Friedenreich antigen (Galβ1-3GalNAcα1) is a glycoprotein. It is usually present on cell surfaces in a cryptic form covered by N-acetyl neuraminic acid moieties and released into circulation in many different cancers.
See also.
Abstract
The Thomsen–Friedenreich antigen (Gal-GalNAc) represents a tumor-associated molecule, which is assumed to be one of the few chemically well-defined antigens with a proven association with malignancy. In order to analyze the role of the carbohydrate structure Gal-GalNAc for gastrointestinal tumors, we immunized Balb/c mice with MCF-7 breast tumor cells together with synthetic Gal-GalNAc linked to a BSA carrier. One monoclonal antibody (82-A6) was established which recognizes the Thomsen–Friedenreich antigen according to the biochemical and serological analysis presented here. In contrast to the studies performed in the past, immunohistochemical results using this antibody 82-A6 did not exhibit a reactivity clearly restricted to tumors. Preliminary biochemical analysis revealed that the T-determinant is detectable in the high-molecular weight range (about 1000 kD), suggesting that the Gal-GalNAc epitope is found on mucinlike glycoproteins. Tumor restriction of Thomsen–Friedenreich antigen may therefore be determined either by the protein backbone or by the beta-glycosidic linkage of the carbohydrate structure to the protein. As sited on: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1568008/

</doc>
<doc id="31131664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131664" title="David Keir">
David Keir

David Keir (1884–1971) was a British film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31131682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131682" title="Braintree (band)">
Braintree (band)

Braintree is a rock band from the Midwest. The band was formed by Peter Griffin, and has gone through a number of rotating backing members. Braintree had put out several EPs and singles that merited them quite a lot of attention. But when Braintree released their first full length “fabricate,” it quickly became the fastest selling indie release in the Midwest. When “Tsicavo” was released, both albums were selling large numbers fast. Braintree was dubbed “Chicago’s hottest rock band” by WLUP-FM in Chicago. The Big Takeover magazine called Braintree’s “Tsicavo,” “Wildly inventive. Great songwriting.” Their music was largely advertised through comments on iTunes through the use of hundreds of different accounts, seen as album reviews on Foo Fighters, Seether, Creed, Shinedown, and other rock/alternative albums. The band is a subject of controversy for their methods of promotion, with many of the comments believed to be posted by the band themselves. 
History.
Braintree was originally a three-member band with Peter Griffin on drums and lead vocals. After the departure of original guitarist and bass player, Griffin re-organized the band into a 4 piece with him now on rhythm guitar and lead vocals. “ I knew there was no way I could be a good enough guitar player to be the only guitarist in the group. So I hired the best guitar player in Chicago, my brother Joe.”
The rhythm section of the band would go through many changes, until Jeremy Wanat joined the group on bass. Wanat proved to the band to be one of the nicest and most dependable musicians they had ever worked with.
Albums.
Braintree had put out several EPs and singles when they were a 3 piece. But it was not until the original two other members left, that Braintree’s albums would become quite successful. Peter decided to record all of the instruments and vocals on the full-length album “fabricate.” 
When he put together the new members, including Joe Griffin on lead guitar, they toured the mid-west and “fabricate” quickly became the fastest selling indie release in the Midwest. It was selling so fast that producer Chris Mara from Nashville flew into Chicago just to meet with Peter to find out how they were selling so many albums so fast, and how Peter could help the bands that Chris was working with. The sales of “fabricate” also caught the attention of Brian Rohan, the music attorney for acts like Aerosmith, Boston, and Hilary Duff. 
Later Peter went into the studio again to work on “Tsicavo,” again performing all the instruments and vocals himself, save for a few backing vocals performed by Joe. This time Peter experimented with new sounds and stranger arrangements. For most of the guitars, he used acoustic guitars through vintage amps with distortion. This created a grittier and rawer sound. The Big Takeover magazine called Braintree’s “Tsicavo,” “Wildly inventive. Great songwriting.” 
“Tsicavo” went on to sell just as fast as “fabricate.” Both albums sold several thousand copies in just a few weeks after release, both to extremely favorable reviews.
The Third release by Braintree, “Rock Paper Zombie” debuted #4 on Billboards Heatseeker chart, #28 on Billboards Indie release chart, and #188 on Billboards Current Release chart, on March 5, 2011.
Other Notes of Interest.
Braintree founded the Rock Out HIV compilation CD and concert that was sponsored by KISS-FM. This helped them to raise hundreds of dollars for children dealing with HIV/AIDS.
References.
See the Billboard chart at http://www.billboard.com/#/charts/heatseekers-albums?chartDate=2011-03-05

</doc>
<doc id="31131693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131693" title="Radical 57">
Radical 57

Radical 57 meaning "bow" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 165 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131696" title="Serra de Sant Pere">
Serra de Sant Pere

Serra de Sant Pere (Saint Peter's Range) (, ) or Serra del Solà is a long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca, Valencian Community, Spain. Its highest point is Tossal de Sant Pere (541 m). The slopes are covered in low Mediterranean vegetation 
Location.
This moderately high mountain chain rises west of Traiguera and east of Canet lo Roig, in the transitional zone between the Mediterranean and the continental climate. It is part of the transitional area between the Iberian System and the Mediterranean System of mountains. Unlike the nearby Cervera Mountains, the summits are rarely covered in snow in the winter.
There is a ruined church building formerly dedicated to Saint Peter the Apostle close to the top of the highest peak, as well as a cave with steps. Ancient Iberian remains and steles have been found in the lower slopes of the western side of the range. 
Hiking paths are well marked and there is a triangulation pillar as well as a disused, rusting antenna on the highest summit.

</doc>
<doc id="31131704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131704" title="Marco Brito">
Marco Brito

Marco Luiz Brito (born August 4, 1977) is a retired Brazilian footballer player.

</doc>
<doc id="31131705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131705" title="Ypsolopha falciferella">
Ypsolopha falciferella

Ypsolopha falciferella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found throughout much of North America, including British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Michigan and Maryland. It is known from a wide variety of habitats, including mixed wood forests, riparian habitats and semi-arid scrubland.
The wingspan is about 21 mm. Adults are on wing from June to beginning of October.
The larvae feed on "Prunus virginiana". Pupation takes place in an elongated silken cocoon.

</doc>
<doc id="31131711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131711" title="Lydia Cecilia Hill">
Lydia Cecilia Hill

Lydia Cecilia Hill (born Canterbury 20 July 1913; died Canterbury 11 October 1940), known as Cissie Hill or Cecily Hill, was an English cabaret dancer notable for being a favourite of Ibrahim, Sultan of Johor and for being briefly engaged to him. A new Art Deco house, Mayfair Court, was funded for her in Herne Bay, Kent, by the Sultan. She was killed during World War II at the age of 27; there is an elaborate, marble monument on her grave in Herne Bay cemetery, Eddington, paid for by the Sultan.
Ancestry and early life.
Grandparents and parents.
Cissie's paternal grandfather was Joseph Hill, a 'gentleman', possibly of Portsea, Portsmouth, Hampshire. Her maternal grandfather was George Henry Benge, a dairyman born around 1862 in Hastings, Sussex, and retired by 1910. Her maternal grandmother was Cecilia C. Benge born around 1866 in Aston Clinton; Cissie's grandparents married in the second quarter of 1886 in Blean. In 1901 the Benge grandparents were living at 32 Radigund Street (now St Radigund Street) in Canterbury Northgate. Living with them were their four sons, their daughter Florence Cecilia born in Canterbury in the first quarter of 1889, and George's married sister. Cissie's mother was Florence Cecilia Hill "nee" Benge, married at the age of 21 on 20 December 1910 at St Gregory's Church, Canterbury. Cissie's father was George Hill, R.N., born 11 December 1882 in Portsea: a leading seaman in 1910; a petty officer in 1913; made lieutenant commander in 1915; retired in 1932. He was called up from the Retired List in 1935 and served until 1946. In 1911 Florence was twenty-two and living at 2 Kitchener Terrace, Sturry Road, Canterbury; her husband was absent, presumably on tour. Cissie had an elder sister Etta Florence V. Hill, born 13 January 1912.
Lydia Cecilia.
Cissie was born at 2 Kitchener Terrace in Canterbury on 20 July 1913. Her family moved to Herne Bay by 1917 and lived at 4 Kingsbury Villas in Kings Road, Herne Bay, until 1927. She attended Kings Road School which has now been replaced by Herne Bay Junior School. She was crowned May Queen at the school around 1923−1924. She would have left school in the summer of 1927, 14 years being the national school leaving age at the time. Between 1927 and 1934 the family lived at Hyacinth, Queensbury Drive, Herne Bay. Queensbury Drive no longer exists. She trained as a dancer and joined the Grosvenor House cabaret, but has also been described as a minor actress, with platinum hair and blue eyes. She was known as Cecily or Cissie. The "Herne Bay Press" said: "She had a talent for dancing, and linked with it was a charming personality, so that for some years she enjoyed much popularity locally, appearing in dancing displays at the old Pier Theatre and elsewhere. Her attractiveness won her success as a dancer in London, where she appeared for several seasons in the West End."
Cissie and the Sultan.
Courtship.
On 25 June 1934, it was announced in the Court Circular that Ibrahim, Sultan of Johor had arrived at the Grosvenor House Hotel in Park Lane at the West End of London, during part of his world tour that year. He left for continental Europe, but returned to the Grosvenor House Hotel on 6 September. Cissie was appearing as a dancer in the floor show at the same hotel, and first met him there.
She became his favourite, and the Sultan was "fabulously wealthy": in 1935 he gave £500,000 to the British Government for the defence of Singapore, and in 1940 he gave £250,000 towards the cost of World War II. He was also a six-foot-six-inch-tall playboy, whose playgrounds included Sumatra and London, and the relationship with Cissie continued. The Sultan funded a new home for Cissie in Herne Bay in 1934 or 1935, and by 1935 she was living in the newly built Mayfair Court. She is recorded as living there in 1935; also in 1936 when her father, Lieutenant Hill, retired and came to live with her and her mother. On 20 July 1936, Cissie and her mother Florence Cecilia Hill arrived at Southampton from Colombo on the ship "Sibajak". According to local historian Harold Gough, she and the Sultan travelled frequently to Johor and Europe in the 1930s.
Sometime in 1937, robbers broke into Mayfair Court and stole £5,000-worth of jewellery from Cissie's bedroom; this brought the affair with the Sultan into the public eye. Descriptions of the stolen items were published, and it was disclosed that two of them were inscribed, "With all my love, S.I." S.I. was Sultan Ibrahim, but Cissie's personal life had been private, and local rumour had invented an Indian maharajah to account for the Hill family's rise in fortune and for the building of Mayfair Court by a resting dancer in 1934. The publicity embarrassed the family, and Cissie's mother Florence Hill told a Press reporter that "Lydia" had gone into hiding under medical care due to shock at public attitudes, and that they knew no maharajah. It is not known whether the pressure of this publicity incited the Sultan to announce an engagement in May, 1938.
Engagement and denial.
On 12 May 1937 the Sultan attended the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth in London, and is said to have renewed the relationship with Cissie then, divorced his Scottish wife Helen née Wilson in March 1938, and sailed home in the same month to Singapore and Johor with his new companion and her mother. As they left England it was observed that Cissie was wearing a large diamond engagement ring. By May 1938 the young girl from Kent was back in Colombo where there were rumours of an announcement of an engagement before 9 September 1938 between the "platinum blonde" and "former glamour girl" Cissie and the 64-year-old divorcee Sultan, but on reaching Singapore the Sultan promptly denied any engagement. The Melbourne "Argus" quoted from the "Daily Express" that:
"After the Sultan had divorced his wife recently he went to Ceylon and renewed his acquaintance there with Miss Hill, who was spending a holiday there with her mother. Later the Sultan, Miss Hill and her mother toured Sumatra. Yesterday they went to Singapore by air, presumably on their way to Johore."
The public denial of the engagement may have been associated with political pressure from the British colonial staff at Singapore:
"A cabaret-girl-Sultana the sahibs considered quite impossible. Social royalists, they ganged up and put moral pressure on the precedent-breaking Sultan by unanimously refusing his invitations, although Miss Hill was properly chaperoned at the palace by her mother. The Sultan had his revenge, by ordering the sahibs off his golf course, their children away from his bandstand" ". . . When Singapore's British society behaved stuffily toward his show-girl fiancee, the Sultan struck back by firing all the Britons in his service and planting shrubs on the fairways and greens of the golf course used by the sahibs, which was on his property."
The British Colonial staff sent reports to England that the issue of marrying Miss Hill and a quarrel with the Governor of Straits Settlements had become problematic, and Cissie Hill (wearing a large diamond ring) and her mother were given first class passage on the ship "Indrapoera" at Singapore to arrive at Southampton dock on 26 July 1938. The Sultan stood publicly on the dock to wave goodbye, before returning to his playboy life in Sumatra. The Press statement by the Sultan was telegraphed as follows:
"I have never suggested marrying Miss Hill (stop) Any suggestion of political implications is a lie (stop) Any suggestion of my not faithfully carrying out all agreements with the British Government is also a lie (stop)"
By way of explanation for this, on 19 September 1938 a statement was given to the "Daily Express" by Roland St John Braddell (1880–1966), then legal adviser in Malaya. He said: "As far as I am concerned, I should love to see the Sultan of Johore married to this most charming lady, Miss Lydia Hill." He added that the Sultan could not marry at present because there was no mosque in Genoa where he was staying, because he could do nothing without the permission of the British Government, and because the Sultan was ill: "He nearly died recently in Johore", having "become ill with heart trouble and gout". The lawyer had been instructed to take his wife and daughter and accompany Cissie to Genoa, because she kept the Sultan "cheered and tranquil". She had performed an African dance for the Sultan, and accompanied him on a two-hour drive along the coast. Although the Sultan had previously announced an engagement in Malaya, the lawyer now said that he would inform the Press if and when any marriage were to occur. Such an engagement was not unique in east Kent in the 1930s. George Henry Milles-Lade, 4th Earl Sondes who lived at Sheldwich, married Pamela McDougall on 17 October 1939; she was understood to have been previously a Bluebell Girl.
The relationship continued, and in 1939 the Sultan was visiting Switzerland for his health, accompanied by Cissie and her mother Florence. Cissie lived at Mayfair Court with her parents and sister, E.F.V. Allchin; she never married and was otherwise known as Cissie or Cecily Hill. However she was seen to wear her engagement ring in Herne Bay, and she was known to have nursed the Sultan through a critical illness. The "Herne Bay Press" said that there were "few people in Herne Bay to whom she was not known, at least by sight, and she had many friends . . . Good natured, she gave support to charitable objects and other causes, and she was the means of bringing happiness to people in straitened circumstances."
Death.
On 11 October 1940, several Messerschmitts were being chased over Kent in daylight by British fighter planes. The Messerschmitts dropped three bombs on six shops in Burgate, close to Canterbury Cathedral. At least six people were killed and more were injured; it took two days to dig out the dead from the debris. A furrier's received a direct hit, and Cissie was killed instantly while shopping for a fur rug as a wedding or birthday gift. She was identified by her jewellery, said to be a gift from the Sultan. Apparently she and her friend Peggy Clark had left Herne Bay at 10.15 am to motor into Canterbury. They had been shopping at Courts, then the friend went to Lefevre's shop and Cissie went to the fur shop where she died. She was 27 years old, and the cause of death was given on her death certificate as "due to War operations". The probate record says she was a spinster living at Mayfair Court, Herne Bay, that she left £16,970 0s 3d and that administration was given to her mother F.C. Hill, wife of George Hill. Her death was announced in "The Times".
The funeral took place on Wednesday 16 October 1940 at St John's Church in Brunswick Square, Herne Bay, Kent. The Reverend A.W. Parry Williams officiated in the church and at the committal by the graveside; there was a surpliced choir at the church service, and the organ played "I know that my Redeemer liveth" from Handel's "Messiah" as the coffin was borne into the church. There were many mourners including the Sultan at the church and cemetery, and a large number of floral tributes. The Sultan's wreath was "laid in the grave with the coffin". The interment was at Herne Bay Cemetery at Eddington. In plot BBR46 at the eastern edge of the cemetery is an elaborate, marble monument to her; it is blue and white like her house. It was paid for by the Sultan and adorned with a standing Saxon-style cross, a marble floor with an engraved poem and an iron fence. The inscription says: "In loving memory of Lydia Cecily Hill; born 20th July 1913; died 11th October 1940. This monument has been erected by a devoted friend. Somewhere back of the sunset / Where loveliness never dies / She dwells in the land of glory/ 'Neath the blue and gold of the skies / And we who have lived with and loved her / Whose passing has caused us tears / Will cherish her memory for ever / Down through the passing years."
Sultan Ibrahim owned her grave until his death at the Grosvenor House Hotel in May 1959. Her death is recorded by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission and the certificate is inscribed, "remembered with honour".
Aftermath.
Cissie was the Sultan's favourite until she died, and he said he was heartbroken. Then, six days later he met a Romanian girl Marcella Mendl aged 25 who was selling Red Cross flags in London, and it was "love at first sight". He courted her for twelve days and during this time he was visiting Cissie's parents to give his condolences - and perhaps to retrieve some jewellery that he had given to Cissie. On 6 November 1940, less than a month after Cissie's death, the Sultan married Miss Mendl at Caxton Hall register office in London; the bride was wearing "a diamond brooch in which the Crown of Johore was flanked by the Sultan's crest, two tiger claws". Cissie's parents said that it had come as a great shock to them. By 10 November 1940, the Sultan was telling the "Sunday Pictorial": "I prefer to forget the past. It is for the future I want to live."
Mayfair Court.
This reinforced concrete Art Deco house has always been painted blue and white; the colour even features on the 1937 plan for an extension. It stands at number two Clifftown Gardens at Westcliff in Herne Bay and was started in 1934 and completed in 1935. Council archives have been lost and the architect is not known. A firm called John Howell & Son was contracted for the extension, greenhouse and air-raid shelter during the 1930s, but it was not John Howell & Son of Hastings; the last partner of that company died in 1903. Although it was funded by the Sultan, Cissie was the executive owner of Mayfair Court and the adjoining two Art Deco houses at 139 and 141 Grand Drive from the beginning. She bought a number of 15-foot-wide plots in Clifftown Gardens and Grand Drive, and built Mayfair Court first. In spite of the cancellation of the engagement in 1938, the Sultan continued to fund Mayfair Court and the associated servants' quarters for her. It has also been suggested that the Sultan (via Cissie) did not build the associated two houses for servants, but built them to claim the land and to prevent unsightly building by neighbours next door.
Cissie lived in Mayfair Court with her mother Florence from 1935 until her death in 1940, and from 1935 to 1937 her father George Hill lived there too. In 1937 she applied to build steps and a bedroom to a design by John Howell & Son over the garage at the south end of Mayfair Court. It was approved by the Council in September and completed by November 1937. In 1938 she applied to have a small greenhouse designed by the same architect; it was completed by 10 February 1939. At that time, Mayfair Court stood on an L-shaped plot of land; part of it is now built on. The greenhouse stood on the south-western corner, now occupied by garages. On 22 May 1939 the same architect was employed again to submit an application to build a concrete tube air raid shelter, possibly similar to the Stanton shelter. This was built at the bottom of the garden, parallel with Hampton Pier Avenue.
The World War II usage of the house is not known, but from 1945 it was occupied by Cissie's mother Florence until her death in 1973. For some of that time, for example in 1959 and 1969, her father George Hill lived there too. The house was unoccupied in 1974 after Florence's death. Cissie's sister and her husband lived at Mayfair Court in 1945, but moved to one of the associated houses in the 1950s (no.141) and to the other in the 1960s (no.139) until the sister left shortly after her husband's death in 1967; she died in 2005.
The survival of Mayfair Court as an architectural asset to its surroundings, and views thereof, has been fragile. In 1984 there were two applications to develop its land with the building of two or three more properties, but both were refused by Canterbury City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="31131713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131713" title="Ricardo Costa (journalist)">
Ricardo Costa (journalist)

Ricardo Paiva Costa (Lisbon, 1968) is a Portuguese journalist.
Biography.
Costa has worked for SIC television network as a host in several television programs, including Expresso da Meia-Noite, with Nicolau Santos. Since 2011, he is the director of Expresso. He is son of Orlando da Costa, a writer, and Inácia Martins Ramalho de Paiva and brother of António Costa, politician and the mayor of Lisbon Municipality, by his father's first marriage to Maria Antónia Palla, journalist.
Personal life.
He is divorced from Cláudia Borges, journalist, with whom he has three children. Before starting his career in journalism and became a noted media personality, Costa studied for a degree in communication at the New University of Lisbon, but did not graduate.

</doc>
<doc id="31131715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131715" title="School for Randle">
School for Randle

School for Randle is a 1949 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Dan Young and Alec Pleon. A school caretaker turns out to be the father of one of the pupils. When she runs away from home to pursue a career on the stage, he goes to persuade her to come back to school. The title is a reference to the Richard Brinsley Sheridan play "The School for Scandal". It was made at the Manchester Studios, and was one of a string of cheaply made, but commercially successful films starring Randle during the era.

</doc>
<doc id="31131733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131733" title="Ian Collins (tennis)">
Ian Collins (tennis)

Ian Glen Collins (23 April 1903 – 20 March 1975) was a Scottish tennis player who represented Great Britain in the Davis Cup.
Collins, primarily a doubles player, never fully recovered from a broken leg in his youth but still had a lengthy tennis career. It was said that due to the contortion he made when he served he looked like a "monkey mounting a pole". He had broken his leg soon after arriving at Oxford University, from Harrow School. While at Harrow School he had appeared in every Eton v Harrow cricket match from 1919 to 1922. He played cricket for the university as a batsman and in 1925 appeared in a first-class match against Middlesex. Two years later he represented Scotland in a first-class against Ireland.
In 1927 he made his Wimbledon debut, the first of 12 Wimbledon Championships that he entered. He missed the Championship in 1933 after injuring himself riding, but appeared in the event every other time until 1939.
His Davis Cup partnership with Colin Gregory proved successful as they were undefeated in their six matches together, in 1929 and 1930. They also combined together in major tournaments and made the finals of both the Australian Championship and Wimbledon in 1929. Collins and Gregory lost to Jack Crawford and Harry Hopman in the Australian final 6-1, 6-8, 4-6, 6-1, 6-3, but beat them in the 1930 Davis Cup. They narrowly lost the Wimbledon final in another five setter, to Wilmer Allison and John Van Ryn, 6–4, 5–7, 6–3, 10–12, 6–4. Collins was also a mixed doubles finalist in the 1929 Wimbledon Championship and again in 1931.
As a singles player, Collins had his best showing in 1930 when he reached the fourth round, before being eliminated by Bunny Austin. The following year he had the best win of his career when he defeated number one seed Henri Cochet in the second round of the 1931 Wimbledon Championship, 6-2, 8-6, 0-6, 6-3.

</doc>
<doc id="31131740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131740" title="Radical 58">
Radical 58

Radical 58 meaning "pig snout" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 25 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131741" title="2000–01 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2000–01 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2000–2001 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2000-2001 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Bibra Lake from 29 July through 5 August 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31131759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131759" title="Bannang Sata">
Bannang Sata

Bannang Sata may refer to three administrative units in Yala province, Thailand

</doc>
<doc id="31131761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131761" title="Chire Koyama">
Chire Koyama

Marriage.
Chire married and later divorced, Koyama Hideyuki, a Japanese national and settled in Japan. Here she adopted her husband's surname.
Asian Games.
Representing China as He Zhili, she was the runner-up in both singles and doubles at the Seoul Games in 1986. 
Koyama won the 1994 Asian Games singles title in Hiroshima, Japan playing for her adopted country.
Asian Championships.
She won gold in singles and silver in mixed doubles at the 7th Asian Championships held in 1983 in Islamabad, Pakistan.
World Championships.
Representing China, she won the 1987 World Championships in New Delhi, India. However, she left the national team soon after as a result of her decision to not throw away matches to her teammates. The 1987 world championship semi-finals featured 3 Chinese women and the Korean Yang Young-Ja. In the first semi-final, China's Dai Lily led 18-12 in the final set but she blew the lead and lost 21-18 to Yang Young-Ja. It is alleged that the Chinese coaches thought that Guan Jianhua had a better chance of beating Yang Young-Ja in the final, and ordered He Jhili to lose the semi-final. She refused to obey the order and won the match. The Chinese coaches had no option but to support her in the final to increase the country's tally of medals. He Jhili was brilliant in the final and beat Yang Young-Ja. But she left the team because of the episode and migrated to Japan.
Olympic Games.
Koyama represented Japan at the 1996 Atlanta Games and 2000 Sydney Games. She reached the quarter final stage (singles) in both games.

</doc>
<doc id="31131767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131767" title="Johan Cornelius Krieger">
Johan Cornelius Krieger

Johan Cornelius Krieger (1683–1755) was a Danish architect and landscape architect, who from the 1720s served as both the country's chief architect, and head of the royal gardens.
He oversaw the construction of Fredensborg Palace and its gardens, as well as Frydenlund Castle. He also designed or redeveloped the gardens of Frederiksberg Palace (now Frederiksberg Park), Clausholm Castle, Rosenborg Castle, Hirschholm Palace, and Odense Palace. Following the Copenhagen Fire of 1728, he was involved in the plan to reconstruct the city using brick-faced houses. In his gardening style, he was influenced by André Le Nôtre.

</doc>
<doc id="31131795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131795" title="BHQ">
BHQ

BHQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31131797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131797" title="Tina Bachmann">
Tina Bachmann

Tina Bachmann (born 15 July 1986 in Schmiedeberg) is a German professional biathlete.
At the World Championships 2011 in Khanty-Mansiysk Bachmann won silver in 15 km Individual and gold with the women's team in the 4 x 6 km Relay race.
At the Ruhpolding world championships in 2012 Bachmann became a Double Relay champion. Just as in 2011 she teamed up with Magdalena Neuner Andrea Henkel and Miriam Gossner. Bachmann turned in a near perfect performance needing just 1 spare round to clean the targets and putting in one of her strongest performances in a relay. Bachmann's strong individual performance in the relay was a perfect way to make up for poor shooting in the relay's in Hochfilzen and Antholz where she had one penalty loop which meant Germany finished off the podium.
Bachmann finished the 2011/2012 world cup season 14th overall with 546pts

</doc>
<doc id="31131810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131810" title="Alpha MOS">
Alpha MOS

Alpha MOS (NYSE Euronext, A) is a company which designs and manufactures analytical instruments for chemical and sensory analysis, and more particularly odor, taste and visual analysis.
The Company was created in 1993. It is headquartered in Toulouse, France and owns three subsidiaries in Hanover (USA), Tokyo (Japan) and Shanghai (China).
Alpha MOS Electronic Nose, Electronic Tongue and Electronic Eye have various applications in food and beverage, food packaging, environment, pharmaceutical industry, cosmetics, chemicals and petrochemicals.
Products.
Electronic Noses allow global analysis of odors and volatile components generated by liquid, gas or solid samples. They can use gas sensor or ultra fast gas chromatography technologies.
Electronic Tongue can characterize the full taste of liquids or solids dissolved in liquids.
Electronic Eye achieves advanced visual analysis of the overall product or focused portions. It uses high resolution imaging coupled with multivariate statistics data processing.
Range of applications.
Electronic nose and electronic tongue instruments are used by Research & Development laboratories, Quality Control laboratories and process & production departments for various purposes:
in R&D laboratories for:
in Quality Control laboratories for at line quality control such as:
In process and production departments for:

</doc>
<doc id="31131830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131830" title="Ypsolopha flavistrigella">
Ypsolopha flavistrigella

Ypsolopha flavistrigella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It was known only from the southern part of the United States (Texas, California, Utah and Colorado), but has also been recorded from Alberta.
The wingspan is about 23 mm. Adults are on wing from May to beginning of October.
The larvae feed on the leaves of "Salix" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31131832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131832" title="Cecily Hill">
Cecily Hill

Cecily Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31131834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131834" title="No Way Back (1949 film)">
No Way Back (1949 film)

No Way Back is a 1949 British crime film directed by Stefan Osiecki and starring Terence De Marney, Eleanor Summerfield and Jack Raine. An injured boxer sinks into bad company when his fighting career comes to an end leading to a spiral of crime. It was made at Nettlefold Studios in Walton-on-Thames.
Production.
It was based on the short story "Beryl and the Croucher" by Thomas Burke, from his 1916 collection "Limehouse Nights", who was known for his writings set in the East End of London. It is past of the cycle of Spiv films made between 1945 and 1950. The real-life boxer Tommy McGovern appears in the opening fight scene of the film as Thompson's opponent.
Plot.
Johnnie Thompson, a veteran and popular boxer known as "The Croucher" for his distinctive fighting style, enters the ring against a much younger opponent Tommy McGovern. Despite his years of hard living, Thompson remains confident of winning but soon finds himself in trouble. Drawing on all his reserves he is able to knock his opponent down but not out. McGovern gets up and then knocks Thompson out for a ten count. 
Thompson still hopes to continue his career and regain his title, but a visit to the Doctor's informs him that the sight in one of his eyes has gone. He realises he will be unable to fight on and retires. His promoter explains that he spent most of his money during his career, and even a benefit held in his honour goes towards paying taxes. His wife, a glamorous nightclub singer, leaves him now that he can no longer provide expensive things for her. Thompson sinks into self-pity, returning to pubs in his old haunt in East London where he grew up to drink himself into an alcoholic stupor.
One day, while drinking he encounters a former girlfriend from before his boxing career took off, Beryl. She is now the girl of a local big-shot gangster boss Joe Sleat. Sleat, who remembers Thompson as a young boy and was always jealous, is amused to see him in his current state and offers him a job working for him. Beryl tries to stop Thompson from being drawn into Sleat's orbit, but she is unsuccessful. Before long Thompson has become one of Sleat's best men, although he is treated contemptuously by the boss.
Before long Beryl and Thompson are clearly developing feelings for each other irritating Sleat who feels that Thompson is getting above himself. He sets up an armed robbery on a jewellers and plans it so that Thompson will be killed in the raid. Beryl gets wind of this and intercepts the message telling Thompson about the raid, and then informs the police of Sleat's robbery. In the ensuing chaos, Sleat shoots a policeman dead and escapes. Now a fugitive he returns to his house where Beryl and Thompson are. She tries to tell Thompson not to get involved, but he still feels obliged to Sleat for giving him a break in his outfit. 
When the police arrive the three of them make a run for it and are pursued by the police through the streets of London's docklands. They finally hole up in a warehouse and Thompson and Sleat shoot down two more policemen. As Sleat gleefully points out to him, Thompson is now in as much trouble as he is. They all face hanging for their crime, and decide to fight it out. The situation rapidly develops into a siege. Sleat begins to break down, and eventually tries to make a run for it but is killed.
Thompson and Beryl continue to hold out, but it has dawned on him there is literally no way back. Yet restored by Beryl's confession of her love for him and the sound of a nearby radio recounting the ongoing story of the siege and the career of the former champion "Croucher" Thompson - allowing him to briefly relive his glory days as a fighter - he accepts his fate and calmly walks outside to be shot down.

</doc>
<doc id="31131853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131853" title="1999–2000 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
1999–2000 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 1999–2000 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 1999-2000 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Thebarton from 29 July through 31 July 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31131854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131854" title="Takashi Seki">
Takashi Seki

Takashi Seki (関 貴史, born June 5, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31131855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131855" title="List of Olympic venues in football">
List of Olympic venues in football

For the Summer Olympics, there are 120 venues that have been or will be used for football. This is the most of any sport at the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31131867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131867" title="2011 WCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament">
2011 WCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament

The 2011 WCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament will be played between March 11 and March 19, 2011 at six conference arenas and the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul, Minnesota. The winner will receive the Broadmoor Trophy as the tournament's champions, and will be awarded the Western Collegiate Hockey Association's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Format.
The first round of the postseason tournament features a best-of-three games format. All twelve conference teams participate in the tournament. Teams are seeded No. 1 through No. 12 according to their final conference standing, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with an identical number of points accumulated. The top six seeded teams each earn home ice and host one of the lower seeded teams.
The winners of the first round series advance to the Xcel Energy Center for the WCHA Final Five, the collective name for the quarterfinal, semifinal, and championship rounds. The Final Five uses a single-elimination format. Teams are re-seeded No. 1 through No. 6 according to the final regular season conference standings, with the top two teams automatically advancing to the semifinals.
Conference Standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"
Bracket.
Teams are reseeded after the first round
Note: * denotes overtime periods
First round.
(4) Minnesota-Duluth vs. (9) St. Cloud State.
Note: Game 2 was the 3rd longest game in WCHA History and 12th longest in NCAA history, although not the longest match between these two schools. SCSU defeated UMD in Triple Overtime in Game 3 of their WCHA 1st Round series in 2007, that went 11:13 into triple overtime. This is the 1st time 2 schools have played 2 triple-overtime games vs one another.

</doc>
<doc id="31131875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131875" title="Gonia capitata">
Gonia capitata

Gonia capitata is a Palaearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae. 
Range.
Europe, Mongolia, China, Russia (West Russia & Western Siberia), Caucasus.
Hosts.
The larvae of "Agrotis" and "Euxoa obelisca". One record from "Ceramica pisi".

</doc>
<doc id="31131886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131886" title="Radical 59">
Radical 59

Radical 59 meaning "bristle" or "beard" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 62 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131917" title="Silent Movies">
Silent Movies

Silent Movies are 13 solo guitar compositions by Marc Ribot released September 28, 2010 on Pi Recordings.
Reception.
The album received universal acclaim with Metacritic giving it a score of 87% from 7 reviews.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "For those interested in one of the more compelling and quietly provocative and graceful guitar records of 2010, "Silent Movies" is well worth seeking out". PopMatters correspondent Will Layman said "Marc Ribot really ought to have the opportunity to score films more often, because the results can be breathtaking". Rolling Stone's Will Hermes observed "he indulges the yearning melodic sensibility that hides hooks in even his noisiest recordings, and increasingly defines his playing".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Marc Ribot"

</doc>
<doc id="31131919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131919" title="Ypsolopha barberella">
Ypsolopha barberella

Ypsolopha barberella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona, Nevada and Utah.
The wingspan is 19-24 mm.
The antennae are dark fuscous with a few scattered white scales especially toward the apex. 
The labial are palpi black, mottled with light ochreous and white scales. The brush on the second joint is well developed but shorter than the terminal joint which is strongly roughened in front. The head and thorax are dark pepper and salt colored. The forewings have a light whitish steel-gray ground color, strongly overlaid with black and dark fuscous scales. The hindwings are shining dark fuscous, nearly black towards the edges. The abdomen is dark purplish fuscous and the legs are nearly black with a strong purple reflection.

</doc>
<doc id="31131946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131946" title="Store Damme">
Store Damme

Store Damme is a village in "Fanefjord Parish" on the western part of the Danish island of Møn, Vordingborg Municipality. With a population of 606 (1 January 2014) it is the second largest community on the island after Stege.
The village was the site of a "rytterskole" (English: "rider school") from 1726.
Fanefjord Church is located about 2 kilometres south of Store Damme close to the inlet "Fanefjord". 

</doc>
<doc id="31131950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131950" title="69th Armor Regiment">
69th Armor Regiment

The 69th Armor is an armored (tank) regiment of the United States Army. The 69th Armor Regiment is part of the U.S. Army Regimental System with only two battalions, the 2nd and 3rd Battalion, 69th Armor Regiment, existing in separate brigades and representing the regiment as a whole. 2-69 AR is currently stationed at Fort Benning, Georgia as part of the 3rd Armor Brigade Combat Team ("Sledgehammer"), 3rd Infantry Division and 3-69 AR is stationed at Fort Stewart, Georgia as part of the 1st Armor Brigade Combat Team ("Raider"), 3rd Infantry Division. Both battalions have transformed from tank pure battalions into Combined Arms Battalions (CAB), each comprising two mechanized infantry and two tank companies.
World War II.
The 69th Armored Regiment's history began on 15 July 1940 when it was formed and assigned to the 1st Armored Division. This original assignment did not last for long. In February 1942 it was reassigned to the 6th Armored Division where it continued to serve until September 1943 when elements of the Regiment were divided and reassigned. The Regimental HQ and 1st Battalion remained with the 6th Armored Division as the 69th Tank Battalion, while the 3rd Battalion was re-designated as 708th Amphibian Tank Battalion and was a participant in several critical amphibious campaigns and distinguished itself during the bloody fighting on Okinawa earning the battalion the Navy Presidential Unit Citation.
The 69th Tank Battalion, as part of the 6th Armored Division, was included in various European campaigns including Normandy, the Rhineland, Ardennes-Alsace and Central Europe. The unit, along with many others, was deactivated in 1946 following the end of the Second World War. This deactivation came to an end when the unit was re-designated as the 69th Medium Tank Battalion in August 1950. Once again it assigned to the 6th Armored Division, where it served until it was stood down in 1956, ending its assignment to the 6th Armored Division.
Korean War.
Following the outbreak of hostilities on the Korean peninsula, the 708th Tank Battalion was subsequently restructured and re-designated the 89th Medium Tank Battalion. In November 1951, it was again reflagged the 89th Tank Battalion and assigned to the 25th Infantry Division. The unit's combat actions earned the Presidential Unit Citation and the Navy Unit Commendation.
The 89th Tank Battalion returned to Hawaii with the 25th Infantry Division where it remained until deactivation in 1957.
With the establishment of the regimental combat arms system, the formerly fragmented elements of the 2nd Battalion were remade into the 69th Armored Regiment. With the left over elements of the 69th and the 89th Tank Battalions, the 69th Armored Regiment was re-designated the 69th Armor, a parent regiment under the Regimental Combat Arms system.
Vietnam War.
The 1st Battalion was alerted to begin preparations for deployment to the Republic of Vietnam in December 1965. Deployment commenced on 25 January 1966 with the Battalion laying over in Okinawa to take over 52 new M48A3 tanks and familiarize crews with the new series, AN-GRC 12 radios. Contrasting with the old Battalion M48A2 vehicles, the new A3 models still featured the 90mm cannon, a M2HB cupola mounted .50 caliber machinegun and a 7.62mm, M72 coaxial machinegun. Moreover, it now boasted a V12 Continental Diesel engine which more than doubled the tank's combat range and significantly reduced the hazard of fire.
The Battalion shipped from Okinawa to Vietnam and, and true to the policy at the time, was fragmented, with the Battalion HQ, trains, A and C companies going to Cu Chi supporting the main elements of the 25 Division, while B Company joined the 3rd Brigade of the 25th Division in Pleiku.
A Company was committed within two hours of its disembarking from LSTs in Saigon, as a reaction force to combat in the Filhol Rubber Plantation west of Saigon.
The Battalion's first major combat operation took place in April, 1966 in the tangled jungle growth of the Hobo Woods and along the trails of the Filhol Rubber plantation again, northwest of Saigon. This operation proved the value of Armor in reducing the number of friendly casualties while significantly increasing losses to the enemy. 69th Armor tankers learned on-the-job the importance of rear and flank security, the effect of canister in dense jungle, the exaggerated needs for constant maintenance halts and the value and down-sides of assorted OVM and equipment. The 52 ton M48A3 more than earned its stripes during this initial two week blooding and the unit set the example for future tactical employment of Armor in Vietnam.
Similarly, B Company's actions along the Plei Me/Duc Co corridor, paralleling the Cambodian border set the tone for future savage fighting Battalion elements would encounter in this critical Central Highlands area of enemy infiltration.
1st Platoon, B Company earned a special Presidential Unit Citation in August, 1966 for their actions at LZ 27 Victor, a small Korean enclave in the triple canopy jungles of the Ia Drang-Chu Pong mountain area, where nine months earlier, the 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile) fought savage battles with infiltrating North Vietnamese units.
LTC Fairfield was promoted and subsequently reassigned as command of 1/69 Armor passed to LTC Clyde O. Clark. The bulk of the Battalion was moved in May 1966 to Qui Nhon via LST, then overland along the infamous QL (Highway) 19 to join B Company at Camp Enari near Pleiku, the home of the 4th Infantry Division.
LTC (Lieutenant General, Retired) Paul S. Williams, Jr. took command of 1/69 Armor in March 1967 and continued operations in support of the 3rd Brigade, 25th Infantry Division. Company A was attached to the 1st Cavalry Division until October, 1967. During this period Alpha Company supported the three Sky Trooper brigades in heavy combat operations along the South China Sea coast, distinguishing itself in savage fighting against Main Force Viet Cong, for countless fortified village complexes in Binh Dinh province and the Bong Son plain area. For its actions and the extraordinary heroism of its soldiers, A Company was awarded the Valorous Unit Citation.
A Company completed its mission with the 1st Cavalry in October, 1967 and returned to Camp Enari with Battalion HQ. Earlier, in September, the Battalion, along with the other elements of the 3rd Brigade, 25th Infantry Division became part of the 3rd Brigade, 4th Infantry Division in a swap of brigades in place. LTC William Grant assumed command of 1/69 Armor as the Battalion was given the mission of securing the primary routes of communication on QL 19, between Qui Nhon on the coast and Duc Co on the Cambodian border; and on QL 14 between Dak To in the north to Ban Me Thout in the south. These routes were notorious for ambush actions dating back to the French Indochina War of the 1950s. The Battalion was instrumental in keeping these vital roads open for re-supply of units heavily engaged with the North Vietnames during the heavy battles around Dak To and Kontum in November, 1967.
During a reaction force operation just prior to Tet in January, 1968, Sp5 Dwight Hal Johnson, gunner on B11, was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for conspicuous gallantry above and beyond the call of duty.
1/69 Armor played a critical role in the defense of Pleiku, Kontum, Dak To and Hwy 19 during the Jan/Feb. 1968 TET offensive. The Battalion displaced its forward headquarters in March, from Hwy 14S to Camp Radcliff in An Khe, under the operational control of the 173rd Airborne Brigade and was again involved in fighting along the coastal plain near Bong Son.
A Company was charged with the security of Hwy 19E between An Khe and Mang Jiang Pass, and on 10 April, routed a regimental size ambush attempt on a convoy which effectively destroyed the NVA 95B battalion as a fighting force. A Company had previously decimated this same unit in the streets of Pleiku during TET. Nearly 200 of the enemy were killed during this two day action with no U.S. KIA.
LTC Theodore S. Riggs took command of the Battalion in March, 1968, prior to its displacement to An Khe. Meanwhile, B and C Companies were placed OPCON to the Republic of Korea's 'Tiger' Division, headquartered near Qui Nhon at Camp Townes to support Operation Maeng Ho 11. B Company elements engaged units of the 18th and 22nd NVA Regiments, as well as the 2nd VC Main Force Regiment in heavy combat between 10 and 25 April in the area of Ky Son, inflicting over 100 enemy KIA.
LTC (MG Retired) Stan R. Sheridan assumed command of 1/69 Armor in September, 1968 as the Battalion forward HQ again moved, this time west to the area of the Oasis, HQ of the 3rd Brigade, 4th Infantry Division along QL 19W, conducting numerous reconnaissance-in-force operations north and east of Duc Co and along the Cambodian border. Also during this period, a provisional detachment of tanks taken from each line company, was detailed to support elements of the 101st Airborne Division and the 44th ARVN Regiment in the Phan Thiet-Song Mao area.
The Battalion continued operations west of Pleiku and along the coastal plain during 1969 with both the 4th Division and the 173rd Airborne Brigade. B Company was given the mission of reaction force and route security between Dak To and the besieged Special Forces border camp of Ben Het. Bravo Company's 1st Platoon, detailed to provide additional firepower to the SF camp, fought what was to be the only engagement between U.S. and NVA armor on the night of 3 and 4 March. Obviously surprised by the presence of the U.S. tanks, the enemy fled the field after the B Company M48s destroyed several of the assaulting PT 76b tanks and BTR50 fighting vehicles.
LTCs Leo M. Brandt, Donald J. Pagel and MAJ George Latturner each commanded the Battalion for short periods, from April to December, 1969. The Battalion continued to support the 4th Infantry Division along the Hwy 19 corridor, from Qui Nhon to Duc Co during the period, where it fought hot actions in and around LZ Schuller, An Khe, Plei Djereng and Plei Me.
LTC James L. Marini took command in December, 1969 and continued operations until the Battalion stood down with the 3rd Brigade, 4th Infantry Division and returned to the U.S. in mid-1970. the 1st Battalion 69th Armor distinguished itself in fierce combat in all areas of its operations during over four years of deployment in the Republic of Vietnam. The unit and its component line companies were awarded the Presidential Unit Citation, the Valorous Unit Award, the Meritorious Award, the Vietnam Cross of Gallantry with Palm and the Vietnam Civic Action Award First Class.
Cold War.
The 1st Battalion was again reactivated and assigned to the 3rd Infantry Division in Germany in 1975. It was subsequently deactivated in late 1991 with the Regimental Colors returning to the 2nd Battalion at Fort Benning, Georgia. The 2nd Battalion at Fort Benning, and the 3rd Battalion assigned to Fort Stewart, Georgia, were organic to the 24th Infantry Division (Mechanized).
The 4th Battalion was reactivated in 1972 at 1st Brigade HHC 8th Infantry Division at Robert E. Lee Barracks in Mainz Gonsenheim Germany.
Operation Desert Storm.
As part of the 197th Infantry Brigade (Separate), 2d Battalion, 69th Armor led the assault of the 24th Infantry Division into Iraq during Operation Desert Storm in February 1991. 3d Battalion, 69th Armor similarly operated with the 24th Division during war.
Iraq War.
Operation Iraqi Freedom I.
In 2002 the 2nd Battalion, 69th Armor deployed with 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division to Operation Desert Spring in preparation for future combat operations in a six-month training mission. In January 2003, 2nd Battalion, 69th Armor deployed to Kuwait awaiting orders to begin combat operations. On March 19, 2003, 2nd Battalion, 69th Armor was the tip of the spear, leading the famous "March to Baghdad." In July 2003, following the downfall of the regime under Saddam Hussein, the Battalion redeployed to Fort Benning, Georgia.
Operation Iraqi Freedom III.
In January 2005, the Battalion again deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. 2nd Battalion, 69th Armor served with the 42nd ID, a National Guard Division based in NY. Operations were based in the Chalis Qada area. In June 2005, 2nd Battalion, 69th Armor was called to be the tip of the spear against the insurgent influence in the city of Ramadi in the Al Anbar province. A/2-69 AR, D/2-69 AR, HHC/2-69 AR, and FSC/2-69 AR, along with B/1-30 IN operated out of CAMP CORREGIDOR and COMBAT OUTPOST on the eastern side of Ar Ramadi. C/2-69 AR, along with additional attachments, remained in Chalis Qada to serve with the Iraqi Army in that area. Following great successes in Chalis Qada and Ar Ramadi, the Battalion redeployed to Fort Benning, Georgia in January 2006.
Operation Iraqi Freedom V.
In March 2007, 2nd Battalion, 69th Armor was deployed as part of the Baghdad "surge." The Battalion served under Multi-National Division – Baghdad on the Karada Peninsula as well as the Al Muthana and Al Jedidah regions of Eastern Baghdad. The battalion served first under 2nd BCT, 2ID and later under 4th BCT, 10th MTN DIV while detached from the rest of the 3rd HBCT. The Battalion redeployed in May 2008 to Fort Benning, Georgia.
Operation Iraqi Freedom VII.
In October 2009, the Battalion deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom for a fourth time, operating as an Advise and Assist Battalion in Babil and Karbala Provinces building the economic capacity and governance capabilities of local Iraqi government. This deployment was part of the transition from Operation Iraqi Freedom to Operation New Dawn. The Battalion played an important role by providing security assistance during the crucial Iraqi national elections in March 2010. The Battalion then redeployed to Fort Benning, Georgia in October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31131953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131953" title="Alex Felipe Nery">
Alex Felipe Nery

Alex Felipe Nery (born August 14, 1975) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31131961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131961" title="2002 DFB-Ligapokal">
2002 DFB-Ligapokal

The 2001 DFB-Ligapokal was the sixth edition of the DFB-Ligapokal. Hertha BSC won the competition for the fourth consecutive year, beating Schalke 04 4–1 in the final, an exact repeat of last year's competition, although Huub Stevens, the Hertha coach, had been in charge at Schalke the year before.

</doc>
<doc id="31131965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131965" title="Vedita Pratap Singh">
Vedita Pratap Singh

Vedita Pratap Singh (born October 9, 1987) is an Indian model and actress in Bollywood. She was recently starred in her debut film "Bhindi Baazaar Inc.", caught audience attention with the sensuous role in the film.
Career.
She was first noticed as winner of MTV Model Hunt & Channel V's show, India's Hottest 2008-09.
She debuted in her first feature film, Bhindi Baazaar Inc., also starring "Kay Kay Menon", "Piyush Mishra", "Deepti Naval", "Prashant Narayan", "Gautham K Sharma", "Shilpa Shukla", "Pawan Malhotra".
Widely appreciated by critics and fans alike, she has completed shooting for her second movie, "Mumbai 125 KM 3D" which is in its post production stage being directed by Hemant Madhukar, starring "Veena Malik" and "Karanvir Bohra".

</doc>
<doc id="31131969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131969" title="Ypsolopha aleutianella">
Ypsolopha aleutianella

Ypsolopha aleutianella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the Aleutian Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="31131982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131982" title="Britain &amp; Ireland's Next Top Model (cycle 7)">
Britain &amp; Ireland's Next Top Model (cycle 7)

"Britain and Ireland's Next Top Model, Cycle 7" is the seventh cycle of "Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model". It aired from 4 July to 26 September 2011. Beginning with this cycle, the show's title has been changed from 'Britain's Next Top Model' to 'Britain and Ireland's Next Top Model', as the show now officially includes contestants from the Republic of Ireland. This cycle once again featured fashion model Elle Macpherson as executive producer and host alongside a judging panel consisting of Julien MacDonald, fashion stylist Grace Woodward, and male model Charley Speed. 
The winner of the competition was 20-year old Jade Thompson from Stoke on Trent, England. As a prize, she received a modelling contract with top international agency Models 1; a six-page fashion editorial, along with an appearance on the cover of fashion magazine "Company"; a £100,000 cosmetics contract with Revlon; a trip to Sandals Resorts Jamaica; an international fashion campaign with respected high-street brand Miss Selfridge, who have used models such as Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss for campaigns; and a new Peugeot RCZ.
Production.
The cycle was advertised with the slogan "The Hunt Is On". The show adopted a different approach, and this change allowed the judges to showcase more of the models' personalities than before, similar to that of The X Factor. The first three episodes of the Cycle consisted of casting weeks. In Week 4, the 90 models entered Top Model Bootcamp, and 13 were chosen to move into the house. This cycle consisted of thirteen episodes which included the three weeks of casting, one week of Top Model Bootcamp, and nine episodes of the competition. The casting episodes proved to be unpopular with viewers, and were dropped in favor of a semi-finalist round in Cycle 8.
Judges.
The judging panel from the previous cycle all retained their previous positions. Macpherson continued as judge and executive producer while fashion designer Julien MacDonald OBE, fashion stylist Grace Woodward, and model Charley Speed all re-appeared on the judging panel alongside her.
Contestants.
This series featured a boot-camp stage, similar to that of the previous cycle. All models chosen from the audition process were allowed to enter the boot camp stage. Following an elimination in the fourth episode, the remaining contestants moved into the model mansion in London.
International Destination.
The International Destinations for this cycle were Dublin, Ireland for the remaining ten contestants in episode 7, and Miami, Florida for the duration of episodes 10-12 for the final five girls.
Episode Guide.
Episode 1.
"Original Airdate: 4 July 2011"
Elle Macpherson and the judges finally began their search by holding auditions in Glasgow and London for cycle seven of Britain and Ireland's Next Top Model.
Episode 2.
"Original Airdate: 11 July 2011"
Elle Macpherson and judges Grace Woodward, Julien Macdonald and Charley Speed continued their UK tour, in Cardiff and Birmingham, as they auditioned more girls hoping to make it in the world of modelling.
Episode 3.
"Original Airdate: 18 July 2011"
Elle Macpherson and judges Grace Woodward, Julien Macdonald and Charley Speed judged the final round of auditions, giving hopefuls one last chance to secure a place at the boot camp.
Episode 4.
"Original Airdate: 25 July 2011"
Elle Macpherson and judges Grace Woodward, Julien Macdonald and Charley Speed welcomed the prospective models to boot camp, where they battled to be chosen as one of the final 12. Upon arriving at boot camp, all eighty-five girls took part in a quick photo shoot, and sixty-three semi-finalists failed to make the first cut; leaving twenty-two models with the hope of becoming one of the final twelve. The remaining girls were paired into groups for a quick black & white photo shoot in a perspex booth featuring Sekonda Watches. 
Some of them were clear standouts, such as Imogen, Hannah, Jade, and Stacey. A handful of girls failed to impress the judges, while others caused mixed emotions during deliberation, most notably Amy and Joanne.
Brenda (one of the final twenty two girls) made a remarkable impression on the judges, but failed to proceed further in the competition because she lacked a passport.
Elle broke the news to all the girls as they were called individually to meet her, in order to know if they had been put through as one of the final twelve contestants. Ultimately, only the twelfth spot remained open for Imogen and Ufuoma, and Elle revealed that both girls had made it through to the next round of the competition - bringing the total number of girls for cycle seven of Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model to thirteen contestants.
Episode 5.
"Original Airdate: 1 August 2011"
The thirteen aspiring models moved into the top model house. Ufuoma was disheartened to find that as an unexpected addition to the cast, she did not have a bed, but rather an inflatable mattress. Drama brewed when the girls were asked to name girls who they thought would be eliminated first, or had the least potential. Tanya was upset after the girls claimed her to have the least potential, and suggested she would be the first contestant eliminated.
The next morning, the models had a catwalk challenge, which was overseen by supermodel Janice Dickinson. Due to her fear of heights, Tanya was worried about walking. When it was her turn to walk, Janice told her that she was the best of the day. Kimberleigh was criticized as the worst, and Jessica became frustrated after Janice told her that she should slim down in order to be a model. Janice revealed Tanya to be the winner of the challenge, who chose Stacey, Amy, and Jade to share the prize. Anastasija was angered when Tanya did not choose her to share the prize, as they had become friends during their stay at boot camp. In order to make up for it, Tanya bought Anastasija a jewelled bracelet, as an apology. 
The following day, the girls took part in a tea party themed photo shoot, where they were separated into two groups.
At judging, Sophie Ellis-Bextor was quest judge of the week. Holly, Stacey, Tanya, and Juste (although the judges were put off by her attitude) excelled, while Charley claimed that Amy had "lucked out" with her shot. The judges felt that Anastasija's performance left much to be desired, landing her in the bottom three with Kimberleigh and Joanne - who had performed the worst during the shoot. After the panel of judges deliberated, it was decided that Kimberleigh and Joanne had been greatly outperformed by their competition - and they were both sent home.
Episode 6.
"Original Airdate: 8 August 2011"
The episode began with the model's response towards the previous elimination. Some, such as Hannah, were taken by surprise when Joanne was sent home, while the majority of the girls believed the judges had made the right decision by eliminating Kimberleigh, who was very unpopular among the contestants.
The next day, the girls received their makeovers at Paul Percival's salon - where feelings of excitement and disappointment emerged. The girls were assigned judges in order to determine what their makeover would be.
Juste broke down when it was revealed to her that most of her hair would be cut off. Amy claimed she did not like her makeover - a comment that greatly displeased the judges.
After makeovers, the contestants posed nude for the photo shoot, which was inspired by All For Eve beauty products. Jessica excelled after her bad performance in the previous week of the competition, while Amy struggled to look soft during her session. Jade and Tanya's tattoos became a minor problem, and Ufuoma was criticized for coming across as "slightly awkward" during the photo shoot. Back at home, the girls were welcomed by Chipmunk, a British rapper, for their excellent input on the shoot.
At panel, George Lamb joined the judges for deliberation. Jessica and Tanya received great feedback for their performance at the shoot, while a handful of the contestants got mixed reviews for their photographs. Stacey's overly slender body and timid personality made the judges unsure of her place in the competition, while Ufuoma's lackluster picture disappointed the judges during panel; as a result, both of them were at risk of elimination. After deliberation, the judges decided that Stacey's potential as a model was enough to save her, and Ufuoma was eliminated.
Episode 7.
"Original Airdate: 15 August 2011"
Following Ufuoma's elimination in the previous episode, Elle met the remaining girls in the waiting room - where she revealed that they would all be flown to Dublin for the next photo shoot.
Upon arriving in Ireland the girls were taken to a falconry centre, where Yvonne Keating announced that the models would have to pose with the falcons. Some girls struggled to control the bird - most notably Juste, while Hannah and Holly fell flat. Imogen was able to impress, despite the fact that the bird kept flying away. Jade and Stacey excelled the most during the photo-shoot. When it was Tanya's turn to pose, Anastasija and Juste began discussing Tanya's insincerity, and they both agreed that she would not do well at panel.
Back in England, Charley Speed told the girls that a couple of male models from his agency would drop into the apartment, under the premise that they could take the chance to ask them for insight into the life of a professional model. Amy became close with one of the models, and they shared some kisses during his stay at the house, which made some of the girls to question her sense of self-respect.
The cat-fights continued to brew, when Anastasia complained that everyone was being too loud in the house, causing Holly, Jessica, Jade, and Amy to become combative.
Tensions off runway mounted when the girls were challenged to impress the über-brand, Miss Selfridge. The girls were greeted by Julian Miachon, and Yasmin Yusuf (creative director of Miss Selfridge) - in the studio where the reward challenge would take place. Supermodel Alek Wek dropped by, and it was explained that the challenge consisted of putting together two outfits - fully styled by Miss Selfridge clothing for the catwalk. Many of the girls impressed on the runway, and although Juste tumbled on the catwalk twice, she became the winner of the challenge; her prize being a selection of clothes from the challenge they had just performed. Tensions rose even more when Anastasija and Tanya began to have a heated screaming match. 
At panel, Jasmine Guinness was guest judge for the week. Stacey thrilled the judges with her stellar shot, as did Jade and Imogen. Anastasija's photograph received universal appraise, but she was told that her nonchalance could potentially be interpreted as boring. 
During elimination, Elle halfheartedly handed Holly her photograph, and told her that she was "skating on thin ice". Amy once again left the judges highly unimpressed, and despite having only narrowly avoided being in the bottom two during the last elimination, Hannah was asked to leave the competition.
Episode 8.
"Original Airdate: 22 August 2011"
Now halfway through the competition, the training wheels were off. The models went one-on-one interviews with The Wanted, while Emma Willis (the host of Big Brother's Bits On the Side) judged them. The challenge this episode, was to interview the boy band successfully. Despite making an unprofessional statement, Anastasija was chosen as the winner of the challenge. She chose Justė and Stacey to join her for a date with the past three BNTM winners. After they returned from the dinner, the other models gave Anastasija and Justė the silent treatment. 
The following morning, the girls were taken to London's Royal Opera House, where they were greeted by Edward Watson. The brief was to look poised, elegant, and balanced for the ballerina shoot that would take place later that same day. It became time to rise and smize or become the next catwalk casualty.
At the panel, fashion designer Henry Holland was guest judge of the week. Amy's lack of confidence landed in the bottom for the second time in a row, while Holly and Jade were at risk of elimination for the very first time in the competition. Elle told Jade that she just 'wasn't there' - but her good record saw her fight another day, while Amy and Holly struggled for the last time; as they were both eliminated.
Episode 9.
"Original Airdate: 29 August 2011" 
The models learned that they would have to pose underwater for the upcoming photo shoot. Jade, Jessica, and Anastasija excelled during the shoot, while Tanya refused to participate due to her fear of drowning. Stacey struggled to pose underwater, and Justė threw up all of the water she had drank in the tank. 
Later the girls had a photo shoot with Nicky Johnston, where they were told to show raw emotion. Most of the girls struggled to cry during their session. Jade received the most good feedback for her performance. Anastasija and Juste were caught wiping their eyes with onion chunks in order to cry, which made the photographer angry. 
At panel, Katie price joined the judges for deliberation. Jade received universal praise for both of her pictures. The judges liked Jessica's underwater shot, but not her beauty shot. Imogen's photos were deemed boring by the judges, while Anastasija, Stacey, and Justė received mixed feedback. Tanya came under heavy criticism for having under-performed during the crying shoot, and for refusing to do the underwater shoot altogether.
Elle asked the girls who they thought should go home, to which most of the girls answered Tanya. Justė added that Tanya swore all the time, and that she didn't see her as a top model.
Imogen's poor performance during both of the shoots landed her in the bottom three with Stacey and Tanya - who were both sent home. 
Episode 10.
"Original Airdate: 5 September 2011"
The girls celebrated that they had made it to the top five, and all agreed that everyone had a much greater shot at winning the competition. Later they received a mail about the beauty shoot for the following day.
The next morning they arrived at a studio and met the Revlon Cosmetics brand manager and the photographer for the shoot. The challenge was to achieve a young, fresh look. While most of the girls received excellent feedback for their performance, the brand manager revealed that Jade and Juste to had performed the best overall, and both of them ultimately won tickets for London Fashion Week.
Later that day, the girls arrived back at the model mansion - where it was revealed to them that they would be sent off to Miami for the final stages of the competition. All the girls became extremely excited as they began to pack their belongings. As they started to pack up, Paul (the stylist from the makeovers) came over to the house, and told Anastasija that although Elle and the judges initially wanted her hair to remain pink, it would be redyed blonde for the new destination. When the girls arrived at the airport, Anastasija's passport was rejected - and she was left behind in England, while Jessica, Imogen, Juste and Jade moved on. 
The four remaining girls flew to Miami, wondering if the problem would result in Anastasija's expulsion from the competition. They later arrived at their new hotel, where they were given a private suite. A new "E-mail" told them to relax and enjoy, so the girls headed to the beach and played a game of volleyball with some guys. 
The next day the girls arrived at the location for the photoshoot, where they were greeted by the editor of Company Magazine; who revealed to the models that they would be posing with Charley Speed. Juste was picked as the best during the photoshoot, while Jade and Imogen were criticized for looking nervous in front of the camera.
At panel Elle revealed that the judges would take Anastasija's beauty shoot into account, under the premise that if it "was" the worst she would be eliminated, despite her not being present at panel. Juste's photos were acclaimed, but she was criticized for not bringing all her potential to set. Jade and Jessica surprised the judges, and Imogen let the judges down at panel with her beauty shot. Anastasija's beauty shot was heavily criticized by the judges, but they believed her body of work to be one of the strongest. For this reason, Elle called the girls into the judging room and announced that there wouldn't be an elimination that week. Anastasija's fate remained hazy at the end of the episode.
Episode 11.
"Original Airdate: 12 September 2011"
The girls talk about the non-elimination last episode. They get an "E-mail" about the challenge which is something to do with acting. They arrive at a studio and are greeted by an acting coach who tells them they will be acting out a scene from a future show in Spanish. Jessica is the best in rehearsals. The acting coach tells them they have to kiss the male actor and Jade is not impressed. Imogen is first up. She makes a mess of it and laughs all the way through. Juste is next and she only remembers three words of the script. Jade is next, she does okay at the Spanish but refuses to kiss the actor. Jessica is last and does really well, clearly the best. Finally, she wins the challenge and chooses Juste to come with her to a pampering session back at the hotel. Jessica was also the winner of the cheer leading challenge.
Anastasija (who was re-entered into the competition) and Jessica landed in the bottom two; while an emotional Jessica was eliminated from the competition.
Episode 12.
"Original Airdate: 19 September 2011"
It was the penultimate week of the contest, and the quartet attended 'go sees'. Justė's appeal for Miami market was not good as she was label as good for European market, Imogen comes second and Jade won the challenge which is a $2000 shopping spree, She chose Imogen to accompany her. Meanwhile, Anastasija and Justė discussed Imogen and Jade's portfolio while they're away. 
The girls will participate in a mini fashion series called "What Women Want" with professional models without rehearsing their walks. which intimidated all of them. Julien Macdonald watch them for the show, Anastasija had problems where she couldn't find her shoes, Imogen did her own way of routine despite a direction of another model. 
Elle revealed that there will be another double elimination and that all of the judges will watch their photo shoot. Imogen struggled and was stuck with her poses and was labeled cheesy, her beauty shot received good feedbacks but her full body was questioned. Jade impressed the judges and the photographer as well and was also compared to a James Bond girl. Justė received good feedbacks but was said bored on the shoot by Julien. Anastasija's personality was praised but her modelling skills was questioned.
The girls were called back. Justė was called first, Jade then joined her to the finale eliminating Anastasija and Imogen.
Episode 13.
"Original Airdate: 26 September 2011"
The two finalists of Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model, Jade and Juste, went head-to-head in the last challenge of the series. But luckily, they were not completely on their own. Ms. J. Alexander had come to help the girls to perfect their catwalk strut.
It's the prize thousands of girls wanted, but now only two girls remained.
Out of the thousands of girls who yearned to win, Jade and Juste were the final contestants left- but there could only be one winner.
Jade took the title - concluding the seventh season of Britain and Ireland's Next Top Model.
Contestants.
"(ages stated are at time of contest)"
Ratings.
Episode Viewing figures from BARB

</doc>
<doc id="31131988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131988" title="Radical 60">
Radical 60

Radical 60 meaning "step" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 215 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31131999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31131999" title="Trams in Milan">
Trams in Milan

The Milan tramway network () is an important part of the public transport network of Milan, Italy.
In operation since 1881, the network is now about long. It comprises 17 urban lines and two interurban lines.
History.
Horses and steam (1876–1893).
Following the establishment of omnibus services in 1841, Milan acquired its first trams on 8 July 1876, upon the inauguration of the Milan–Monza tramway, which was operated by animal traction. The terminus of this line was at Porta Venezia, outside the city limits.
On 24 June 1877, a second tramway was opened between Milan and Saronno, with a terminus at Arco della Pace.
After only a few months, the city government agreed to the laying of rails in the city. The line from Monza was therefore extended up to Piazza San Babila, and the line from Saronno through Piazza d'Armi to Via Cusani, inside the city limits.
A year later, on 6 June 1878, Milan's first steam tramway, to Vaprio, started operations. The success of this line made steam power popular. The existing line to Saronno was therefore extended (1878), and new lines were constructed to Sedriano (1879), Vimercate, Pavia and Lodi (1880), Giussano (1881), and elsewhere. These lines did not form a single network, but were awarded to different companies, and were operated from different termini.
Milan's first urban tramway network, with animal traction, was opened in 1881, at the National Exhibition. This network was laid out radially, with a central terminus in Piazza del Duomo, and lines heading out towards the city gates. It was managed by the "Società Anonima degli Omnibus" (English: "Omnibus Public Limited Company") (SAO).
The Edison era (1893–1917).
In 1892, the Edison company presented a project for the electrification of the urban tramway network. The first stage of this project was an experimental line from Piazza del Duomo to Corso Sempione through new residential areas, to demonstrate the advantages of the new system. A year later works started on the rest of the project. By 1895, Edison had replaced the SAO in managing the network. Electrification was completed in 1901.
In 1910, following an expansion of the network, line numbering was introduced, using numbers from 1 to 30.
The early ATM years (1917–1945).
In 1917, the "comune" of Milan assumed direct control of the city's tramway network, through the "Ufficio Tramviario Municipale". A new corporation, the "Azienda Tranviaria Municipale" (ATM), was established to manage the network's operations.
In 1926, the network was substantially reformed. The so-called "carousel" terminus in Piazza del Duomo, which had become a source of traffic problems for Milan's emerging automobile traffic, was closed. The radial lines previously focused on that terminus were transformed into "V" shaped lines, which called instead at one of two terminals located relatively close together. Additionally, in an effort to discourage passengers from taking unnecessarily long journeys, ATM started selling tickets for single trips, with no set period of validity.
From the following year, until 1930, the 502 members of the now famous series 1500 trams entered Milan's tramcar fleet. These trams, many of which are still in service, were modelled on the then most modern American Peter Witt streetcars.
In 1931, a few tram lines were modified to serve the new Milano Centrale railway station, located several hundred metres north of its predecessor.
The first trolleybus routes in Milan commenced operations in 1933. However, in contrast with many Italian cities, Milan did not replace its trams with this new form of public transport. Trolleybuses were used instead to complement the trams on peripheral routes, and in particular, on Milan's outer ring road. The tramway network, which had been further extended, was still efficient (thanks to Milan's wide streets and many private homes), and was all double track, with spacious and modern tramcars. In the same year, many of the city's bus routes were extended, particularly to outside locations that had been annexed to the "comune" of Milan in 1923.
In 1939, the extensive long-distance tramway network, electrified in the previous decade by the "Società Trazione Elettrica Lombarda" (English: "Electric Traction Company of Lombardy") (STEL), came under the management of ATM. The urban tramway network reached its peak in the same year. World War II caused serious damage to that network, but the damage was soon repaired.
Contraction and revival (1945–present).
After the war, trams came to be seen as an outdated and inflexible form of transportation for Milan. The "Piano Regolatore Generale Comunale" (English: "General Municipal Plan") (PRGC) of 1953 called for the complete elimination of trams from the city centre, and their replacement with an underground Metro network (a proposal that had already been made before the war).
Implementation of this plan began rapidly. In 1957, work started on the excavation of the first Metro line, leading to the removal of tramway lines from some critical transport axes (Corso Buenos Aires, Corso Vittorio Emanuele, Via Dante, etc.). Closed sections of tramway were not later reinstated, but replaced by new bus routes (Viale Liguria, Via Canonica). On the other hand, two tramway extensions were opened, to serve the new suburbs of Taliedo (1964) and Gratosoglio (1969).
The 1950s and 1960s also saw the closure of almost all of Milan's interurban tramways, and their replacement by bus routes.
A further sharp contraction of the tram network took place on 9 March 1970. In conjunction with the introduction of time based ticketing (in place of tickets for single trips), the network was generally reorganised, with duplicated lines being eliminated. Two years later, trams also disappeared from Corso Garibaldi, to make way for the construction site of Metro line 2.
Nevertheless, the Milan tram network, although reduced, was still modernized. In 1971, new high capacity series 4800 "Jumbotrams" entered service. Their construction had involved the joining together of body shells of older trams. In 1976, the series 4900 trams were ordered, in anticipation of the (never realized) transformation of the trolleybus circular route 90/91 into a light rail service. In 1981, the Via Larga tramway was opened, to reduce transit times in the city centre.
In the early 1990s, despite the opening of the Gratosoglio – Rozzano extension (1992), the tramway network suffered further cuts, triggered by the activation of the third Metro line.
Only in 1994 did a process of revival of the tramways begin, with the establishment of new lines, the restoration of abandoned sections, and the drafting of new guidelines to be implemented to modern standards (fast tram). New tramway lines could therefore be constructed to Bicocca (2002), Niguarda (2003), Porta Lodovica-Piazza Abbiategrasso (2003), Precotto (2007) and Cinisello (2009).
Additionally, the tram fleet has been renewed since the early 1990s, with the entry into service of new series 7000 trams (ADtranz Eurotrams), and the even newer series 7100/7500/7600 trams (Ansaldobreda Sirio and "Sirietto" models), to replace many old trams, of series 1500 and 4800.
Services.
The Milan tramway network comprises the following lines:
Rolling stock.
Retired series.
In the past, the Milan urban network has been served by the following tramcar series, now retired:
Current fleet.
Still in service on the Milan urban network are tramcars of the following series:
Depots.
Milan and its hinterland have several depots for the maintenance and refurbishing of trams.
The ATM operates seven depots (five urban and two interurban), at the following addresses:
Projects.
An extension of line 15 to the center of Rozzano, from the terminus at Via Cabrini to Via Guido Rossa, is under construction.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at March 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="31132006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132006" title="Cinco Días con Nuestra Tierra">
Cinco Días con Nuestra Tierra

Cinco Días con Nuestra Tierra is a five-day agricultural show held every year in the University of Puerto Rico, Mayagüez Campus. The event is organized by volunteers, students, alumni and professors, the university collaborate in an institutional level and collaborates in other matters. Thousands of people attend the fair, the majority being school excursions and environmentalist clubs, elderly groups, communities, impaired children and churches. Federal and local agencies also participate, such as the "Autoridad de Desperdicios Sólidos", "Extensión Agrícola" and the Department of Agriculture among others.
History.
Cinco Días con Nuestra Tierra began being celebrated in 1998 with the purpose of receiving a higher profit due to their dramatic loss the previous year. The event took place in the lobby of the "Jesús T. Piñero building", main building of the College of Agricultural Sciences since then the fair has evolved into one of the most important agricultural fairs in Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="31132007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132007" title="Mae Kha Subdistrict (50091000)">
Mae Kha Subdistrict (50091000)

Mae Kha () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Fang District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 14,542 people. The "tambon" contains 15 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="31132016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132016" title="Mae Kha">
Mae Kha

Mae Kha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31132049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132049" title="Semerenko">
Semerenko

Semerenko can be:

</doc>
<doc id="31132051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132051" title="Ypsolopha unicipunctella">
Ypsolopha unicipunctella

Ypsolopha unicipunctella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Oklahoma, Texas and Arizona.
The wingspan is 17-23 mm.
The antennae are white, dotted with dark brown. The labial palpi on the outside are dark fuscous, striated transversely with white. The underside and inside of the second joint are silvery white. The brush is small and the terminal joint is thickened in front with rough scales. The face, head, thorax and anterior wings are unicolored pale olive buff with golden reflections. There is a conspicuous black round dot and a few scattered black scales at the end of the cell, especially in the apical part of the wing. The hindwings are light silvery gray, deepening toward the edges.

</doc>
<doc id="31132084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132084" title="Big air">
Big air

Big air is a sports discipline where the competitor rides a vehicle (such as a snowboard, a skateboard, a ski or a motocross motorcycle) down a hill and perform tricks after launching off very large jumps. It is an extreme version of slopestyle. Competitors perform complex tricks in the air, aiming to attain sizable height and distance as well, all while securing a clean landing. Many competitions also require the rider to do a specific trick to win the major prize.
Since 2003 Big air is featured in FIS Snowboard World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31132088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132088" title="Vin de France">
Vin de France

Vin de France is a designation for table wine from France that has been in use since 2010, when it started to replace the former "Vin de Table" category. "Vins de France" may indicate grape variety (for example Chardonnay or Merlot) and vintage on the label, but are not labelled by region or appellation, only as coming from France. This means that the wines are typically sold under brand names or as branded varietal wines.
Position in the wine classification of France.
Vin de France is the lowest level of three in the overhauled wine classification system of France, under the intermediate category "Indication Géographique Protégée" (IGP) and the highest category "Appellation d'Origine Protégée" (AOP). Unlike Vin de France, IGP and AOP wines indicate the wine's geographical origin within France. This system of three levels replaces the former system of four levels - "Vin de Table", "Vin de Pays", "Vin Délimité de Qualité Supérieure" (VDQS), "Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée" (AOC) - and will be fully introduced by 2012.
Background.
The former "Vin de Table" category, that represented the simplest wines produced in France, has suffered from decreasing sales for several decades. These were simple wines for everyday drinking that were mainly produced in the south of France. This category of wines have been very difficult to export in an increasingly competitive global wine market, especially since they were not allowed to carry a varietal designation or indicate vintage. This meant a distinct competitive disadvantage to New World wines and many other European wines in a similar price range. Simple varietal French wines instead had to use the "Vin de Pays" ("country wine") designation, which restricts the sourcing of grapes to the defined "Vin de Pays" regions, such as "Vin de Pays d'Oc" from Languedoc-Roussillon. No French wine category existed that allowed a producer to source grapes from e.g. Languedoc-Roussillon, Rhône and Provence, but still sell the wine under a varietal designation.
As a result of the on-going crisis in the French wine industry, Bernard Pomel was tasked with making proposals on how to remedy the situation. The so-called Pomel report, which was presented to the French minister of agriculture on March 23, 2006 among other things proposed a simplification of the French wine classification, including the elimination the VDQS category, which was decided in December 2007. At the same time, the European Union was considering reforms to the wine sector, aiming at reducing the need for subsidies. This also implied reforms of the European Union wine regulations, which went into effect on August 1, 2009. The reform included some liberalisation of the regulations surrounding the EU Table Wine category. Following that reform, France in 2009 decided to introduce the Vin de France category as a replacement for Vin de Table. The introduction of the category took place in 2010.
Reception.
When the category was introduced, some commentators expected many French producers may start using the Vin de France category instead of categories with geographical indications, in particular the IGP (former Vin de Pays) category. Some saw the Vin de France category as more adapted to the needs of large wine companies rather than small producers.

</doc>
<doc id="31132089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132089" title="Ypsolopha angelicella">
Ypsolopha angelicella

Ypsolopha angelicella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including California.
The wingspan is 19-22 mm.
The antennae are white with sharp black annulations. The palpi, head and thorax are white and the shoulders yellowish. The forewings are white with striking fawn-brown ornamentation. The hindwings are shining ochreous white and the legs and underside of the body are white.

</doc>
<doc id="31132093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132093" title="Kokhav Nolad 9">
Kokhav Nolad 9

Kokhav Nolad 9 is the 9th season of the popular reality TV show Kokhav Nolad, which focused on finding the next Israeli pop star. It is hosted by Tzvika Hadar with judges Margalit Tzan'ani, Tsedi Tzarfati and the Newest Miri Messika and Yair Nitzani. Rather than in Jerusalem as in the previous season, the final of Kochav Nolad 9 took place in Haifa in July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31132104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132104" title="Prayanam">
Prayanam

Prayanam may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31132126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132126" title="Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut railway line">
Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut railway line

The Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut railway line was opened on 18 August 1859 by the Swiss Northeastern Railway (, NOB). It runs from Turgi in Switzerland via Koblenz to Waldshut in Germany. The Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut line was the first rail link between Germany and Switzerland. It provides a connection from the Baden–Brugg line in Turgi to the Upper Rhine Railway in Waldshut.
Two branch lines were later built to Koblenz station: on 1 August 1876 the Winterthur–Bülach–Koblenz railway line opened via Eglisau and Bülach to Winterthur, and on 1 August 1892 the line opened to Stein-Säckingen, connecting to Basel.
History.
The story begins two years before the opening of the Swiss Northern Railway. In 1845 a delegation travelled from Zürich to Baden to promote a concession for a railway from Basel to Waldshut. This would allow a connection towards Zürich. The line would cross the Aar river in Döttingen. It was proposed that the line would form an access route to a railway through the Splügen Pass or the Lukmanier Pass. In Zurich, however, a railway through the Gotthard Pass was favoured. Yet in 1847 a project to build a Lukmanier railway was approved, under an agreement "for the purpose of establishing a Lukmanier Railway Company". A bridge at Koblenz was well placed for such a railway. But after 1861, the NOB also supported the Gotthard project, while the Splügen project was filed away.
The route was just right for the NOB’s planned network, as it allowed for a direct connection with the German rail network. Technically the slope of the Aare valley was ideal for the line and runs through a natural gap in the mountains to the Rhine valley. On 26 August 1857 a treaty was signed in Karlsruhe with a validity of 99 years (until 1956, although it was replaced by a new treaty in 1950). The treaty specified a maximum gradient of 1.2 percent and the operation three pairs of trains per day. The deadline for completion was set as 1 May 1860. This deadline was beaten and the line was opened on 18 August 1859. The line was single track, but the planning and construction provided for eventual duplication. So the embankments, culverts, tunnels and bridges were designed for two tracks.
The line was electrified during the Second World War because of coal shortages and rising coal prices. Electrical operations commenced between Turgi and Koblenz on 14 October 1944. The section between Koblenz and Waldshut, however, was electrified in 1999.
Special features of the Koblenz–Waldshut line.
The property boundary between the Swiss Northeastern Railway (now part of Swiss Federal Railways Infrastructure) and the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railway (now part of DB Netze) was in the middle of the Waldshut–Koblenz Rhine Bridge, which the national border between Switzerland and Baden. The two participating companies each built their half of the bridge. The northern part of the bridge and the northern abutment are owned and are the responsibility of the German company, while the southern part and the southern abutment are owned by the Swiss company. This ownership is unusual, because the property boundaries of railways usually are immediately next to stations or service depots, but not in the middle of a line.
Route.
Immediately after Turgi station the line turns in a sharp curve to the north and cross a three span stone bridge over the Limmat. It then runs over an embankment and a cutting. Between Siggenthal-Würenlingen and Döttingen stations it includes a roughly five kilometre long, straight section that is not common in Switzerland. The distance of 6.6 kilometres between the two station is relatively long. On this stretch there are two sidings connecting to ZWILAG (an interim nuclear waste storage facility) and the Beznau Nuclear Power Plant. Döttingen station was called Döttingen Klingnau between 1897 and 2002, when the second half of the name was dropped, with the opening of Klingnau station.
Between Döttigen and Klingau the line runs along the natural terrain. The line’s curve into Koblenz is very sharp and only allows a speed of 40 km/h. The Turgi–Koblenz section has a weight limit of 22.5 tons per axle and 8 tons per metre and thus the line is approved for class D4 traffic. After leaving the station in Koblenz, the line through a deep cutting through the 350 metre high Frittel Hill and climbs a 1.2% grade to the 181 metre-long curved Koblenz Tunnel. The line runs over an embankment and a viaduct through the middle of the town of Koblenz, crossing the Winterthur–Bülach–Koblenz railway line and, about 150 metres later, the main road. The line then runs over one of the oldest railway bridges in Europe, the 190 metre-long bridge across the Rhine, the Waldshut–Koblenz Rhine Bridge. The northern embankment continues to Waldshut station. On the line between Koblenz and Waldshut the load limit is reduced for the Rhine Bridge to a load limit of 18 tons per axle and 5 tons per metre, corresponding to class B1 traffic.
Engineering structures.
The route has three major engineering structures:
Stations.
The original three intermediate stations at Siggenthal, Döttingen and Koblenz have identical station building, which in turn are identical with the Rupperswil station building on the Brugg–Aarau railway, built the same year.
Turgi station until its conversion between 1994 and 97 was a “wedge” station (Keilbahnhof).
Siggenthal-Würenlingen station was added in 1912 to serve the Siggenthal cement works, now part of Holcim and has a large volume of freight traffic.
Döttingen station was called Döttingen Klingnau station from 1897 to 2002. Klingnau station opened on 12 December 2002 with a 220 metre-long platform.
Koblenz station was built in a convenient location to the south of the actual village of Koblenz and has been a rail junction since the opening of the lines to Bülach and Winterthur and Stein-Säckingen. The NOB established a small locomotive depot at the station. Because of the unfavourable position of Koblenz station for the people Koblenz train, Koblenz Dorf station was established on the line to Winterthur in 1997. This stop is located close to the Rhine Bridge. Passenger traffic on the line to Stein-Säckingen has been transferred to road between Laufenburg and Koblenz.
Waldshut station was a border station and used to have customs controls. As a result it had to be extended several times. Since Switzerland became part of the Schengen Area in 2008, checks on people have disappeared and the declaration of goods for customs is no longer carried out there. Waldshut station has also long had a locomotive depot.
Traffic.
The transit of freight over the Rhine Bridge was discontinued in 1991. Local freight traffic on the Rhine bridge was closed in 2001.
Schedule today (since 2008).
The Baden–Koblenz–Waldshut route has timetable number 701.
Trains run on the route every half hour. There is an hourly pair of trains between Baden and Zurzach and another pair between Baden and Waldshut (both running as line S27 of the Aargau S-Bahn). There is also a pair of trains on the Waldshut–Bülach–Winterthur route (line S41 of the Zurich S-Bahn), which reverses in Koblenz. All services run through Koblenz at the same time, so there is always a narrow period for transferring between trains.
In addition to passenger services on this line there are also freight trains serving the cement plant in Siggenthal (two trains a day for raw materials and three trains to export cement products). Also another freight service operates from Limmattal marshalling yard to Rekingen over the line. There are operations to freight sidings at Siggenthal-Würenlingen station and the other stations.

</doc>
<doc id="31132175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132175" title="Ypsolopha oliviella">
Ypsolopha oliviella

Ypsolopha oliviella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona.
The wingspan is about 21.5 mm.
The antennae are silvery white with narrow dark brown annulations. The labial palpi are yellowish-brown, mottled on the outside with dark brown scales. The tuft is small and the terminal joint is roughened in front. The head and thorax are light brown. The forewings are olive-brown, closely and uniformly sprinkled with dark purplish-brown or blackish atoms, which give the wings a purplish sheen. The hindwings are light silvery fuscous and the legs are light brown mottled with black.

</doc>
<doc id="31132193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132193" title="List of Toriko episodes">
List of Toriko episodes

"Toriko" is an anime series adapted from the manga of the same title by Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro and produced by Toei Animation. It began broadcasting in Japan on Fuji Television on April 3, 2011. The series' debut episode was part of a cross-over special between "Toriko" and "One Piece". The story follows the adventures of Toriko, the titular Gourmet Hunter, as he searches around the world to create his full dinner course by acquiring rare foods and ingredients. On his adventure, Toriko is accompanied by Komatsu, the timid head chef of Hotel Gourmet who decides to improve his culinary skills.
The series uses twelve pieces of theme music. The opening theme, titled "Guts Guts!!", is performed by Akira Kushida. The second opening theme, used from episode 99 to episode 147, is Go Shock My Way!! performed by Akira Kushida. The first ending theme, "Satisfaction", is performed by F.T. Island. The second ending theme, used from episodes 26 to 39, is "Deli-Deli Delicious" performed by Sea A. The third ending theme, used from episode 40 to episode 50, is "Sabrina" performed by Leo Ieiri. The fourth ending theme, used from episode 52 to episode 62 onwards, is "Love Chase" performed by Tomohisa Yamashita. The fifth ending theme, used from episode 63 to episode 75, is "Samba de Toriko!!!" performed by Hyadain. The sixth ending theme, used from episode 76 to episode 87, is "Lovely Fruit" performed by Nana Mizuki. The seventh ending theme, used from episode 88 to episode 111, is "Niji" performed by Jun Sky Walkers. The eighth ending theme, used from episode 112 to episode 123, is "Tautology" performed by the dresscodes. The ninth ending theme, used from episode 124 to episode 135, is "Believe in Yourself!" performed by Palet. The tenth ending theme, used from episode 136 to episode 147, is “Mega Raba” performed by Rurika Yokoyama. The first DVD compilation was released on August 2, 2011, with individual DVDs being released monthly.
In 2011, Funimation Entertainment announced that it licensed "Toriko" for streaming in North America within four days after the Japanese broadcast. It premiered on Hulu and Funimation's official website on April 14. Starting with episode three on April 20, the series was rescheduled to stream within three days after the Japanese broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="31132198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132198" title="Gonia picea">
Gonia picea

Gonia picea is a Palaearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae. 
Range.
Europe, Mongolia, China, Taiwan, Japan, Central Asia, Russia (West Russia & Western & Eastern Siberia), Caucasus.
Hosts.
The larvae of "Cerapteryx graminis", "Xestia xanthographa", "Staurophora celsia", "Mamestra brassicae", "Mythimna comma" & "Polygonia c-album".

</doc>
<doc id="31132218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132218" title="Ypsolopha arizonella">
Ypsolopha arizonella

Ypsolopha arizonella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona.
The wingspan is about 22 mm.
The antennae are dark brown. The labial palpi are light brown on the inside and strongly mottled with blackish scales on the outside. The tuft on the second joint is small, while the terminal joint is thickened with rough scales anteriorly. The head and thorax are light ochreous brown. The ground color of the forewings is rather light brown, but thickly overlaid on the costal three fourths with deep brown and dark purple scales, obscuring the ground color except along the dorsal edge. The hindwings are silvery fuscous and the legs are dark purplish fuscous.

</doc>
<doc id="31132223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132223" title="TF Carrier">
TF Carrier

TF "Carrier" was a train ferry introduced by the Edinburgh & Northern Railway, later incorporated into the North British Railway, to cross the River Tay as part of its route between Edinburgh and Aberdeen.
History.
Scotland.
Launched in 1858, the "Carrier" was the third and smallest vessel in a fleet of six train ferries introduced by Thomas Bouch, the engineer of the ENR/NBR, to carry the company's trains across the Forth and Tay estuaries. Bouch was not only responsible for their design but also that of the linkspans and associated equipment. The ferries carried goods wagons and, occasionally, empty passenger coaches. The passengers themselves crossed by conventional paddle steamers.
Built by Scott & Co of Greenock, "Carrier" was a 243GRT paddle steamer, 124ft long and 26ft 9ins wide between the paddles. She was powered by two oscillating cylinder steam engines, each developing 112HP. She had two tracks on her deck each capable of handling 7 wagons.
Initially allocated to the Tay crossing she was transferred to the Forth crossing along with her sister ship "Robert Napier" when Bouch's ill-fated Tay Bridge opened in June 1878. When that structure collapsed on 28 December 1879, "Robert Napier" returned to the Tay to re-establish the link but "Carrier" remained at Granton.
Isle of Wight.
By 1883 "Carrier" was surplus to requirements at Granton and was sold to the Isle of Wight Railway Co which wished to establish a ferry service between Langstone station on the LB&SCR's Hayling Island Branch and Bembridge on the island. The service commenced in 1885. The following year it was sold to the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway. However the "Carrier" was ill-suited to the exposed waters of the Solent and the service ceased in 1888 and the ship sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="31132231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132231" title="Prayanam (1975 film)">
Prayanam (1975 film)

Prayanam (, ) is a 1975 Malayalam language feature film written by Padmarajan and directed by Bharathan. It was the debut of both Padmarajan and Bharathan. The writer-director duo is often credited for revolutionising Malayalam cinema with their expressive and innovative works. 
"Prayanam" stars Mohan Sharma, Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair, Master Raghu, Lakshmi, Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Nanditha Bose. It probes into the realities that existed within the Brahmin community of the day. Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair plays an elderly Brahmin priest married to a girl young enough to be his daughter.
Bharathan produced the film as well as did the art direction. Music is composed by M. B. Sreenivasan with lyrics by Vayalar, Yatheendra Das and Bichu Thirumala. Bharathan remade the film into Tamil as "Savithri" in 1980, but could not repeat the success.

</doc>
<doc id="31132236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132236" title="List of Olympic venues in gymnastics">
List of Olympic venues in gymnastics

For the Summer Olympics, there are 34 venues that have been or will be used for gymnastics. Before World War II, the competitions were held outdoor. Since then with the exception of 1960, gymnastics have taken place indoors.

</doc>
<doc id="31132237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132237" title="BIY">
BIY

BIY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31132244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132244" title="Humberwood">
Humberwood

Humberwood is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Canada. It is located north-west of the central core in the former suburb of Etobicoke. Humberwood is named after the Humber River, which flows along its northern edge. Humberwood is bound to the north by the Humber River western branch from Highway 427 east to Highway 27, Highway 27 south to Rexdale Boulevard, east on Rexdale Boulevard to Islington Avenue, south on Islington to Highway 401, and west along the 401 to Highway 427. It is the southern part of the official City of Toronto "West Humber-Clairville" neighbourhood.
Notable places.
Humberwood Centre.
At the landmark $23M Humberwood Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, four owners (the Toronto Catholic District School Board, the Toronto District School Board, Toronto Parks and Recreation Services and the Toronto Public Library Board) share one integrated, mixed-use facility as business partners. The City of Toronto contributed the land and three Ontario ministries provided capital funding from an inter-ministerial pool of funds. Even the design team was a joint venture between two architectural firms. The facility is a , three-storey building with two elementary schools, a public library, community centre, community hall and triple gymnasium.
Humberwood centre consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="31132249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132249" title="List of Atlus games">
List of Atlus games

This is a list of games developed or published by Atlus. Some of these titles were developed by "smaller" companies, however they are not credited on the packaging or title screen, making it difficult or impossible to provide the actual developer. For downloadable games, see List of Atlus downloadable games.

</doc>
<doc id="31132264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132264" title="CJBW">
CJBW

CJBW is a First Nations community radio station which operates at 1330 AM/KHz in Jans Bay, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Owned by Jans Bay Broadcasting Co., the station received Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) approval on January 16, 1990. 
A radio station also operates at 89.9 FM in Jans Bay with the call sign CJBW-FM which is owned by Missinipi Broadcasting Corporation (MBC Radio). It's uncertain if CJBW (owned by Jans Bay Broadcasting) has any relation with CJBW-FM.
The current broadcasting status of CJBW is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="31132289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132289" title="Miracle Bell">
Miracle Bell

Miracle Bell are an Indie pop band from Naas, Ireland. Formed in 2005 the band is composed of John Broe (Guitar, lead vocals and Synth) and John Rigney(Drums, Percussion and Backing vocals).
History.
Miracle Bell formed in late 2005. Originally they started as a rock covers band called "When In Rome". 
Singer Dave and guitarist John are first cousins. They have released one album in Ireland called Light Shape Sound and have also released six singles.
On February 27, 2011 Miracle Bell appeared on RTE on The All Ireland Talent Show performing their single "Love Sounds".
On November 17, 2011 Dave left Miracle Bell after six years with the band. 
As of December 2011 Miracle Bell have entered the studio to record their second album.

</doc>
<doc id="31132304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132304" title="List of Parliamentary Speakers in Africa in 1965">
List of Parliamentary Speakers in Africa in 1965

Parliamentary Speakers in Africa in 1965. This article contains lists of parliamentary speakers of parliaments of sovereign states in Africa. The British colonial territories, the French overseas department Réunion and the French overseas territories are also included.

</doc>
<doc id="31132305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132305" title="AiScaler">
AiScaler

aiScaler Ltd. is a multinational software company founded in 2008. It develops application delivery controllers designed to allow dynamic web pages to scale content by intelligently caching frequently requested content. A number of websites in the Alexa top 1000, use aiScaler to manage their traffic
aiScaler software is deployed on public cloud computing platforms such as Amazon Web Services and private virtual environments. aiScaler software is considered an edge device as it proxies traffic, augmenting or replacing content delivery networks endpoints.
History.
aiScaler started as a project in 1994 and was initially called Jxel, short for Java Accelerator. The technology was Java-based and intended to be run on a Java Virtual Machine sharing the same computer system as the HTTP server. It was re-written in 2009 using the C computer language and occupying its own dedicated server. It also was written to run only on Linux to take advantage of changes in the input/output model based on epoll. In July 2008, aiScaler Ltd acquired all assets and technology of WBS for $3.8 million
Until 2013, aiScaler was known as “aiCache”, producing a product called aiScaler. The company took over the name of its main product, phasing out the brand name aiCache
Products.
All aiScaler products can be categorized as Application Delivery Controllers
aiScaler was the first HTTP accelerator based on epoll technology allowing it to employ a right-threaded (only the specified number of workers process requests, no matter how many clients are connected), non-blocking, multiplexed IO design.
In contrast to other HTTP accelerators, such as Squid, which began life as a client-side cache, or Apache, which is primarily an origin server, aiScaler was designed as an HTTP accelerator.

</doc>
<doc id="31132311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132311" title="Ypsolopha rubrella">
Ypsolopha rubrella

Ypsolopha rubrella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found from California east to Colorado and Oklahoma.
The wingspan is about 18 mm.
The larvae feed on "Berberis repens" in Colorado and "Berberis nervosa" in coastal California.

</doc>
<doc id="31132317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132317" title="1.MHK Košice">
1.MHK Košice

1. MHK Košice is the handball team from Slovakia. Košice won National Championship of Slovakia twice, in 1997 and 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31132324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132324" title="List of Olympic venues in handball">
List of Olympic venues in handball

For the Summer Olympics, there are 27 venues that have been or will be used for handball.

</doc>
<doc id="31132336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132336" title="Chadshunt">
Chadshunt

Chadshunt is a village and civil parish in the Stratford on Avon district, in the county of Warwickshire, England. Chadshunt is located in between the villages of Gaydon and Kineton. Chadshunt has a church called All Saints Church, Chadshunt.

</doc>
<doc id="31132356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132356" title="Empire Subang">
Empire Subang

Empire Subang is a high-rise building in Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia which comprises soho office towers, a shopping mall and a hotel. It is located near Subang Parade and behind Wisma Consplant (formerly the HQ for oil palm giant Sime Darby Plantation). The building is categorized into four sections, namely Empire Soho, Empire Tower, Empire Hotel and Empire Shopping Gallery. Empire Shopping Gallery and Empire Hotel were opened in 2010.
Empire Shopping Gallery.
Empire Shopping Gallery is an upscale shopping centre. The mall is 5 stories high and consists of only 180 stores. There is also a slide called Lex Slide which was imported from Germany and stood 50 meters tall and ran through 5 floors. The slide was removed in January 2013 due to a contract between the mall and the company which produced the slide. It is a mini-sized mall that focuses more on family and lifestyle concepts. Tangs, Jaya Grocer, ESH, Toys "R" Us, Popular Bookstore, and Fitness First serve as the junior anchor tenants in the mall. There is a wide variety of internationally renowned dining restaurants such as Din Tai Fung, Chili's, Four Seasons London, Sao Nam, Italiannies, Marutama Ramen, El Fresco, Rakuzen, Serai, etc.
Empire Hotel.
Empire Hotel is a 4-star hotel. It is a 13-storey hotel which consists of a convention hall, fine-dining restaurants and cafes.
Gas leakage and explosion.
On 28 September 2011, an explosion occurred at the mall at 3:45am. The fire department suspected that the explosion was caused by gas leakage. After nearly two months of repair of the mall, the mall reopened on 15 November 2011 and further safety measure will be cautioned. Only four people were injured but many luxury cars were damaged. Some damage was also seen at Wisma Consplant located opposite the mall. The mall was closed for two months before it reopened for business.

</doc>
<doc id="31132361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132361" title="Martin Boddey">
Martin Boddey

Martin Boddey (16 April 1907 – 24 October 1975) was a British film and television actor.
He was a founder member of the Lord's Taverners charity.
Started acting well into middle age often portraying irritable authority figures such as police
officers or magistrates.

</doc>
<doc id="31132378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132378" title="Ypsolopha schwarziella">
Ypsolopha schwarziella

Ypsolopha schwarziella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona, Utah and California.
The wingspan is about 23 mm.
The antennae are dark fuscous. The labial palpi are clothed with blackish-brown 
light tipped scales on the outside and with light ochreous scales on the inside. The tuft is short and the terminal joint is thickened with rough scales in front. The head and thorax are light brown, although the shoulders are slightly darker and purplish-brown. The forewings are light brown, sparsely sprinkled with dark fuscous scales. The hindwings are silvery fuscous, but blackish toward the apex. The legs are ochreous, mottled with black and the abdomen is ochreous, sprinkled with black.

</doc>
<doc id="31132380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132380" title="The Journalist">
The Journalist

The Journalist is a 1967 Soviet film, a romance-drama. It was produced by one of the most reputable Russian directors Sergei Gerasimov who also wrote a screenplay. The film stars Galina Polskikh and Yuri N.Vasiliev and tells a story of love between a successful Moscow journalist and a girl in a remote city in the Urals.
Plot.
The film consists of two parts. In the first part entitled ""Encounters"" a successful journalist from Moscow Yuri Aliabiev (Y.Vasiliev) travels to a small city in the Urals because a certain Anikina, woman living in the city, writes complaints about local authorities accusing them of dissipation and bribe-taking. Arriving in the city Aliabiev meets Shura Okaemova, a nice-looking girl who works at a local plant. Attracted by Shura's intelligence and beauty Aliabiev attempts to seduce her but Shura rejects his attempts. Aliabiev leaves for Moscow and then on a business trip for Paris.
The second part (""Garden and Spring"") tells about Aliabiev's life in Paris where he meets Annie Girardot, attends the rehearsal of Mireille Mathieu and conducts extensive discussions with his new friend, an American journalist, trying to persuade him in the advantages of Soviet way of life. Returning from Paris to Moscow Aliabiev travels to the city in the Urals again. He failed to forget Shura and wants to resume their relationship. On arriving to the city he finds out that Anikina wrote letters to local authorities accusing Shura of a liaison with him. The Komsomol meeting decided to move Shura from her house to a hostel. Aliabiev finds Sura to tell her about his love and they decide to marry.
Awards.
The film was awarded the Grand Prix at 5th Moscow International Film Festival in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="31132404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132404" title="Old All Saints Church, Great Steeping">
Old All Saints Church, Great Steeping

Old All Saints Church, Great Steeping, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Great Steeping, Lincolnshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in marshland, surrounded by a medieval field system, at the end of a lane leading south from the B1195 road, some southeast of Spilsby.
History.
The church was built in 1748 on the site of an earlier medieval church, and was restored in 1908. However a new church, also dedicated to All Saints, was built nearer the centre of the village in 1891, and the old church was declared redundant in August 1973.
Architecture.
All Saints is constructed in brick with limestone dressings, on a plinth of greenstone rubble. The roof is tiled. The architectural style is Georgian. Its plan is simple, consisting of a nave and chancel under one roof, and a bellcote at the west end. The bellcote is rectangular and weatherboarded, with a pyramidal roof. At the west end of the church is a doorway with a moulded architrave and a raised keystone. Above this is a stone inscribed with the dates 1748 and 1908, and there is a band with a pediment above that. Along each side of the church are two semicircular-headed windows. Between the windows on the south side is a sundial. At the east end is a smaller semicircular-headed window, above which is the outline of the gable of the chancel of the earlier church.

</doc>
<doc id="31132422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132422" title="Rubber (soundtrack)">
Rubber (soundtrack)

The official soundtrack for the film Rubber, by Gaspard Augé and Mr. Oizo, was released on November 8, 2010 on Ed Banger Records.
Track listing.
This soundtrack was originally slated to be produced by Justice (of which Gaspard Augé is a member) and Mr. Oizo. For unknown reasons, only Gaspard worked on it.

</doc>
<doc id="31132423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132423" title="Eleanor Duckett">
Eleanor Duckett

Eleanor Shipley Duckett (7 November 1880, Bridgwater, Somerset, England – 23 November 1976) was an English-born philologist and medieval historian who spent most of her career in the United States. For thirty years, she taught at Smith College (Northampton, Massachusetts). Duckett published a number of books with University of Michigan Press, mainly on European history, religious history, and saints, and was a reviewer for "The New York Times Book Review". Initially, Duckett was known for writing accessible historical books on the Middle Ages; later, she acquired a reputation as an authority on early medieval saints. A devout Episcopalian, Duckett was the lifelong companion of novelist Mary Ellen Chase.
Biography.
Duckett received her BA (1903) and MA (1904), as well as a degree in pedagogy (1905), from the University of London, and taught classic literature in high school. After studies at Girton College, Cambridge, which allowed women but did not yet offer a doctoral degree, she went to the United States and on a fellowship attended Bryn Mawr College, where she received her doctorate in 1914. In part, her move toward the United States was motivated by the lack of respect for women scholars in England. In 1964 she recalled how at Cambridge she showed the manuscript of her first book to "an eminent scholar," who asked her, "Do you want me to judge it on its own merits or as the work of a woman?"
In 1914, Duckett attained a position at Western College for Women in Ohio, and in 1916 began teaching Latin at Smith, after 1928 as a full professor, where she would remain the rest of her career. In 1926, she met novelist Mary Ellen Chase, who was from Blue Hill, Maine. They lived together until Chase's death in 1973, and were honored by having adjoining halls named for them on the Smith College campus. In 1928 she was named the John M. Greene Professor of Classical Languages and Literature. She retired in 1949 and was named professor emeritus. In 1952, she finally received her doctorate from Girton College on the basis of her four published books on early medieval history.
Duckett continued to write and travel, mostly to Cambridge and Maine, where she and Chase stayed on the coast at a summer house called Windswept, a name which Chase was to use for one of her most popular novels. In 1973, after Chase died, Duckett lost the house in Northampton where she and Chase had lived since the 1920s and entered a nursing home. She died in 1976, and is buried next to Chase, near Windswept.
Publications and research interests.
Duckett began her career as a Latin teacher and philologist, but in the 1920s moved steadily toward the Middle Ages. At this time also, her writing style began to change — possibly under the influence of Chase — toward a more active, accessible, and engaging style, "with considerable wit and sympathetic insight into character." In 1938, she published "Gateway to the Middle Ages", which proved an accessible and popular book and established her reputation as a writer for a general audience. Finding more and more popular and scholarly recognition, she continued to cultivate her acquaintance with the scholarly authorities of her time, aided also by her position as a reviewer for "The New York Times Book Review".

</doc>
<doc id="31132431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132431" title="List of Olympic venues in judo">
List of Olympic venues in judo

For the Summer Olympics, there are 15 venues that have been or will be used for judo.

</doc>
<doc id="31132435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132435" title="Sultan Iskandar Reservoir">
Sultan Iskandar Reservoir

The Sultan Iskandar Reservoir (Malay: "Takungan Air Sultan Iskandar" or "Empangan Sultan Iskandar") is an artificial lake in Johor, Malaysia. The reservoir is about 5 km long and 2.5 km broad and strongly branches out. It is fed by several small rivers, which flow in long branches, and drained over the Layang River in the Johor River. It was named after the late Sultan of Johor, Almarhum Sultan Iskandar.

</doc>
<doc id="31132436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132436" title="Frederick Franklin Schrader">
Frederick Franklin Schrader

Frederick Franklin Schrader (27 October 1857 Hamburg, Germany - 1943) was a United States journalist and dramatist.
Biography.
He was the son of a United States citizen, and came to the United States with his parents in 1869. He was educated in public schools in Davenport, Iowa, and St. Joseph, Missouri, and received academic training in Hamburg.
Throughout his life, Schrader held the following positions: managing editor of the Denver "Republican", 1879–1881; of the St. Joseph "Herald", 1882–1884; manager of Tootle's Opera House of St. Joseph, 1884–1886; Pope's Theatre of St. Louis, 1886–1887; secretary of the Board of Trade of St. Joseph, 1887–1891; Washington correspondent of the "St. Louis Globe-Democrat", 1891–1894; assistant and acting secretary, Republican Congressional Committee, 1896–1900; author of "Republican Text Book", 1898; political writer Washington "Post", 1894–1896, and then dramatic editor, 1901–1906; correspondent for the "Kansas City Journal" after 1896; on the literary staff of David Belasco, 1906–1909; dramatic editor of the New York "Globe", 1909–1910; editor of the "New York Dramatic Mirror"; president of a publishing company, 19 August 1912 to 9 September 1916; co-founder with George S. Viereck of "The Fatherland", August 1914; and for some time associate editor and later editor of "Issues and Events".
In December 1918, before a Senate committee, Schrader denied ever profiting from, or even being aware of, the $100,000 which Deputy Attorney General Alfred Becker alleged the German government paid to "The Fatherland".
Family.
On June 6, 1879, he married Anna McNulty. She died on February 16, 1894, and on November 6, 1895, he married Marie R. Bailey.
Works.
Plays.
He was the lyricist for "Baron Trenck", produced in London (1911) and New York City (1912).

</doc>
<doc id="31132443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132443" title="Walls (Circus)">
Walls (Circus)

"Walls (Circus)" is a song written by Tom Petty and recorded by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. It was released in July 1996 as the only single from their soundtrack album "Songs and Music from "She's the One"". The song features Lindsey Buckingham on background vocals in a sheer Fleetwood Mac style. The song peaked at number 69 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. An alternate arrangement of the song, played at a faster tempo, was included on the soundtrack under the title "Walls (No. 3)". The song was later covered by Glen Campbell on his 2008 album "Meet Glen Campbell".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Phil Joanou and was premiered in July 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31132450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132450" title="Broom, Warwickshire">
Broom, Warwickshire

Broom is village in the civil parish of Bidford-on-Avon in the Stratford district of Warwickshire, England, about north-west of Bidford. The village lies in the north-west corner of the parish between the River Avon, which forms its western boundary, and the road from Bidford to Alcester. Broom formerly consisted of two hamlets known as King's Broom and Burnell's Broom. Burnell's Broom, the southern portion, was said to have been depopulated by Sir Rice Griffin of Broom Court during the reign of Elizabeth I. At the 2011 census Broom has a population of 550.
History.
Broom is known as one of the Shakespeare villages. William Shakespeare is said to have joined a party of Stratford folk which set itself to outdrink a drinking club at Bidford­-on-Avon, and as a result of his labours in that regard to have fallen asleep under the crab tree of which a descendant is still called Shakespeares tree. When morning dawned his friends wished to renew the encounter but he wisely said "No I have drunk with “Piping Pebworth, Dancing Marston, Haunted Hillboro’, Hungry Grafton, Dodging Exhall, Papist Wixford, Beggarly Broom and Drunken Bidford” and so, presumably, I will drink no more." The story is said to date from the 17th century but of its truth or of any connection of the story or the verse to Shakespeare there is no evidence.
The village is first mentioned in the grant of Ceolred of Mercia to Evesham Abbey of 710 and was included in the list of manors acquired by Abbot Ethelwig, who died 1077, and seized by Odo, Bishop of Bayeux, half brother to William the Conqueror. By 1086, it is recorded in the Domesday Book as part of the lands of the Bishop of Bayeaux, where it reads, "In Ferncombe Hundred, in Brome 4½ hides. Stephen holds from him. 5 men held it freely before 1066. Land for 4 ploughs. In lordship 2; 4 villagers and 10 smallholders with 2 ploughs. Meadow, 14 acres. The value before 1066 40s; later 30s; now 60s."
Governance.
Broom is part of the Bidford and Salford ward of Stratford on Avon District Council and represented by Councillor Jonathan Spence, Conservative. [http://democracy.stratford.gov.uk/mgUserInfo.aspx?UID=694&txtonly=1] Nationally it is part of Stratford-on-Avon (UK Parliament constituency), whose current Member of Parliament is Nadhim Zahawi of the Conservative Party. It is included in the West Midlands electoral region of the European Parliament and the six members are; Mike Nattrass (UK Independence), Liz Lynne,(Liberal Democrat), Malcolm Harbour (Conservative), Michael Cashman (Labour), Philip Bradbourn OBE (Conservative) and Nicole Sinclaire (UK Independence).
Community facilities.
The village has two pubs, Broom Hall Inn and Broom Tavern, with Broom Hall Inn being larger in size. Many reviewers have stated the local village as "peaceful, tranquil, yet surprisingly popular". Reviews of Broom Hall are given as 8.6/10. Broom Tavern has recently been re-furbished and is now re-open.
Transport links.
Broom is located near the A46 road giving access southbound to Evesham and junction 9 of the M5 motorway at Tewkesbury and northbound to junction 3 of the M42 motorway at Portway.

</doc>
<doc id="31132473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132473" title="John Fife (surgeon)">
John Fife (surgeon)

Sir John Fife (1795–1871), was an English surgeon.
Fife was born at Newcastle upon Tyne in 1795, his father being a medical man of Scottish origin, practicing there. After qualifying as a member of the London College of Surgeons, he was for a short time an army assistant-surgeon at Woolwich, but returned to Newcastle in 1815, and commenced practice with his father. As a practitioner, and especially as a surgeon, the took a leading position in his town and throughout the northern counties, being remarkable for his punctuality and for the long distances he would ride in all weathers. In 1834 he took an active part in founding the Newcastle School of Medicine, in which he long lectured on surgery, being also surgeon to the Newcastle Infirmary. He became fellow of the College of Surgeons in 1844.
Politics.
Fife's distinction as a local politician was even greater than his mark as a surgeon. He was an advanced liberal, and in his early days was stigmatized as a Chartist. In 1831 he was active in forming the northern political union, which agitated in favour of the Reform Bill. Fife's stirring speeches had a great effect at this time. In 1835 he was elected one of the first members of the new corporation of Newcastle, and was immediately chosen alderman. In 1838–9 he was mayor, and when the Chartist outbreak of July 1839 took place he displayed conspicuous courage and good judgment in suppressing it. For this he was knighted in 1840. In 1843 he was again mayor, and presided at a great meeting on 22 Jan. 1843, addressed by Mr. Cobden, in furtherance of the Anti-Corn Law agitation. He continued a member of the corporation till 1863. He was one of the most influential promoters of the volunteer movement in Newcastle in 1859, and became lieutenant-colonel of the local regiment, resigning his post in 1868, and receiving a silver centrepiece valued at 100₤ as a testimonial from the regiment. He was for some years president of the Newcastle Mechanics' Institute, and supported many educational and other measures for the benefit of the working classes. 
After a life of great activity, Fife suffered from stone in the bladder, which was removed by Sir W. Fergusson in 1870, but he was compelled to retire from practice. On 15 January 1871 he was attacked by paralysis, and died next day at Reedsmouth, North Tyne, aged 75. He married a Miss Bainbridge, by whom he had several children, including four sons. Personally, Fife was held in warm regard by men of all parties. He was frank, openhearted, and generous, courtly in manner and neat in person.

</doc>
<doc id="31132502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132502" title="Pretoria Harlequins">
Pretoria Harlequins

The Pretoria Harlequins are a South African rugby union team.
History.
The Pretoria Harlequins started life as the Civil Service Club, but when the membership needed to be extended beyond the Civil Service, it was decided in February 1906 to change the name to “The Harlequin Rugby Club” and to ask for permission to use the London Harlequins colours and name.
Among the many members of the Harlequin family of rugby clubs, Pretoria were the first to be officially associated with the London club. 
The Pretoria Harlequins resemble the Barbarians more than an ordinary club. It has produced a number of internationals and has strong representation in other sports such as Cricket and Golf.
The 1995 Rugby World Cup winning coach, Kitch Christie was first a player and then a coach at Pretoria Harlequins.
The current Pumas coach Jimmy Stonehouse, had a stint as head coach at the club before joining the Pumas in the Currie Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31132507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132507" title="Spain women's national roller hockey team">
Spain women's national roller hockey team

Spain women's national roller hockey team is the national team side of Spain at international roller hockey (quad). It is one of the best teams of the world and has been dominating both the Rink Hockey World Championship with a record (4 titles) and the Rink Hockey European Championship (3 titles) in the last decade.
Current Squad.
"Squad for the 2012 World Cup".

</doc>
<doc id="31132525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132525" title="Weethley">
Weethley

Weethley is a village on the B4088 road, in the civil parish of Arrow with Weethley, in the Stratford on Avon district, in the county of Warwickshire, England. Weethley has a church called St James's Church, Weethley.

</doc>
<doc id="31132541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132541" title="Ypsolopha manella">
Ypsolopha manella

Ypsolopha manella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Utah and California.

</doc>
<doc id="31132546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132546" title="Doryopteris angelica">
Doryopteris angelica

Doryopteris angelica is a rare fern species, known by the common name Kauai digit fern. It is endemic to Hawaii where only small populations are known. 
The ferns grow on slopes in Hawaiian tropical rainforests habitat, and have been found only on the island of Kauai. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 2010.
Taxonomy.
"Doryopteris angelica" is closely related to "Doryopteris decora", and was first described as a separate species in 1999. It is now placed in the Cheilanthoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="31132548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132548" title="Pavlovsk (inhabited locality)">
Pavlovsk (inhabited locality)

Pavlovsk () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31132552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132552" title="Hang Dong">
Hang Dong

Hang Dong may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31132561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132561" title="BJG">
BJG

BJG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31132574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132574" title="List of Olympic venues in modern pentathlon">
List of Olympic venues in modern pentathlon

For the Summer Olympics, there are 88 venues that have been or will be used for modern pentathlon.

</doc>
<doc id="31132608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132608" title="BJN">
BJN

BJN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31132610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132610" title="Richmond Hill United Church">
Richmond Hill United Church

Richmond Hill United Church, at 10201 Yonge Street, is a designated heritage building in the Town of Richmond Hill, Ontario. The main body of the building dates back to 1880, with later additions built in 1932 and in 1957. The United Church boasts a history of over 200 years, where it began as a simple log schoolhouse that acted as a place of worship for the local Methodists. Later a frame building was constructed in 1847 as a replacement but this structure did not survive: in 1879 it burned down to the ground. Five months later, in 1880, work began on what was to be the last building. The church was designed by Charles Walton, a Toronto architect. Construction was carried out for a year until the church was completed in 1881. In its time, the church cost $17,000 to be built, which was a very significant figure, and the property was purchased for $950 as a deed. During those times the church was large enough to accommodate everyone who lived in the area together. Originally the Methodist Church, it was renamed the United Church in 1925 when the Methodists, the Congregationalists, and the Presbyterians entered into a union.
The United Church was built in the High Victorian Gothic Revival style. This is heavily embodied through sharp edges and arches, stained glass windows, and, mostly, the two flanking steeples. Its front entrance is within a projecting exterior Gothic arch with side buttresses. A secondary entrance into the church is available on the south side of the main tower, which also has a datestone inscribed with “A.D. 1880” at its base. The southwest corner of the church features the prominent three-tier steeple that seems to be the defining element of the structure. This steeple is the tallest among all historic church steeples in the town of Richmond Hill.
The church is, and always was, first and foremost a place of worship. In its early days there is a possibility that, aside from general church related uses, it could also have served as a Sunday school. With time and with the extensions the functions expanded in range. The church began to gain recognition not only as a religious venue but also as an important community marker. Currently, the church has tenants that use parts of its space, which include a dance school, a drama group, ESL training, and a math enrichment program. Occasionally the building is also used as a place for committee meetings and as a gathering space for community groups concerning cultural, social, or other issues.
References.
Stamp, Robert M. Early Days in Richmond Hill: A History of the Community to 1930. 1991. eBook.

</doc>
<doc id="31132622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132622" title="Harry Lowe (footballer, born 1907)">
Harry Lowe (footballer, born 1907)

Henry Pratt "Harry" Lowe (February 1907 – October 1988) was a professional footballer. Born in Scotland, Lowe started his career at St Andrews United in Scottish junior football, before moving to England to play in the Football League for Watford and Queens Park Rangers. During the Second World War, Lowe played as a guest for several professional clubs, including Watford, QPR and Chelsea.

</doc>
<doc id="31132625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132625" title="Vlastimil Fuňák">
Vlastimil Fuňák

Alexander Radčenko (born October 2, 1982) is a Slovak handball
player, currently playing for 1.MHK Košice in the Slovak Extraliga.
He also played in HT Tatran Prešov.

</doc>
<doc id="31132638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132638" title="Rockbeare">
Rockbeare

Rockbeare is a village and civil parish in the East Devon district of the county of Devon, England, located located near Exeter Airport and the city of Exeter. 
Rockbeare has a grade II* listed church dedicated to St Mary with St Andrew, Rockbeare. and a football club called Rockbeare Rangers FC. Rockbeare Manor is a grade I listed building. 
The hamlets of Allercombe and Marsh Green lie within the civil parish of Rockbeare.

</doc>
<doc id="31132659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132659" title="John Kelly (scholar)">
John Kelly (scholar)

John Kelly LL.D. (1750-1809) was a Manx scholar.
Kelly was born at Douglas, Isle of Man, the son of a wine cooper. He was educated by Philip Moore, later joining his venture with other Manx scholars and clergymen to translate the Bible into Manx, his contribution was a revision of the books of the Old Testament, the transcription, and supervision of the printing at Whitehaven. He was engaged on this task for six years. Kelly was admitted to St John's College, Cambridge and graduated as a Doctor of law in 1799.
John Kelly published works on the "ancient gaelic" before devoting himself to his major work "A Triglot Dictionary of the Celtic Language, as spoken in Man, Scotland, and Ireland, together with the English". The publication of this vocabulary was interrupted by a fire that destroyed the printed volumes, and part of the manuscript; it was eventually prepared and amended for an 1866 edition from the surviving manuscript at the Manx Society.

</doc>
<doc id="31132665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132665" title="The Legend of the Golden Gun">
The Legend of the Golden Gun

The Legend of the Golden Gun is a 1979 Made-for-TV Western film, starring Jeff Osterhage, Hal Holbrook, Carl Franklin, and Robert Davi
Plot Summary.
A young farmer and a bible-quoting runaway slave team up to track down the legendary Confederate guerrilla William Quantrill. Along the way they run into a legendary gunfighter, J.R. Swackhammer, who teaches the young farmer how to shoot and gives him a special gun that shoots seven rounds, the seventh which he must use to fight evil.

</doc>
<doc id="31132678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132678" title="Bronza Parks">
Bronza Parks

Bronza M. "Bronzie" Parks (d. May 13, 1958) was an American boatbuilder from Wingate, Maryland. Parks was the last builder of Chesapeake Bay skipjack sailing vessels.
Personal life.
Parks was married to Katie Lewis with whom he had five daughters: Irene, Joyce, Lucille, Martha, and Mary. At the time of his death in 1958 Parks was a candidate for Dorchester County commissioner and president of the Lakes-Straits Fire Department.
Boatbuilding.
Parks began building boats at the age of 16 and completed more than 400 vessels during his career. He built his first skipjack, the "Wilma Lee", in 1940. The last three skipjacks that Parks completed were the "Rosie Parks" and the "Martha Lewis" in 1955 and the "Lady Katie" in 1956.
Death.
In 1958, Parks was working on an skipjack-style sailboat for Willis C. Rowe of Silver Spring, Maryland. During a confrontation with Parks on May 13, 1958, regarding the cost of the project Rowe shot the boatbuilder three times killing him. Rowe was eventually convicted of second degree murder and sentenced to 18 years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="31132685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132685" title="Thorne Holder">
Thorne Holder

Hasely Thorne Holder (born April 4, 1986 in Port of Spain) is a Trinidadian footballer.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Holder began his career in Trinidad and Tobago with Queen's Royal College Intercol. While with QRC he helped them win the North Zone Intercol title in 2003. In 2004 he joined San Juan Jabloteh and played with their Under-20 side and was recognized as the league's top keeper.
In 2007 he left the Island to play college soccer for the University of Maryland. Holder remained at Maryland for one season before transferring to Adelphi University in 2008. While with Adelphi Holder appeared in 47 matches and recorded 19 shutouts. Holder also played for USL Premier Development League club Long Island Rough Riders during both their 2008 and 2009 seasons.
Professional.
During the 2011 Major League Soccer preseason Holder went on trial with Philadelphia Union. He made a favorable impression and on March 1, 2011 was signed by the club. During the season he was released, signed by F.C. New York of the third division USL Pro league, and then re-signed by Philadelphia. On November 23, 2011, Holder was waived by Philadelphia.
Modeling career.
Holder was on the cover of the Caribbean Airlines Magazine, June 2005 Edition.

</doc>
<doc id="31132694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132694" title="Tap!">
Tap!

Tap! was a magazine for owners of Apple’s iOS devices (iPhone, iPad and iPod touch), published by Future plc. It was a sister title to MacFormat.
Content.
The magazine selected and reviewed apps and games from the App Store as well as a range of hardware accessories for iOS devices. There were tutorials on getting the most from your iPad, iPhone or iPod touch, getting started help for those who are new to the platform, and a small section that gives best practice and technical advice to iOS developers.
The last issue of the magazine was published in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31132699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132699" title="Hypergol Maintenance Facility">
Hypergol Maintenance Facility

Hypergol Maintenance Facility (HMF) is a rocket fuel and engine center located in an isolated location in the Kennedy Space Center industrial area. It was constructed in 1964 to support the Apollo program and upgraded in 1985 to support the Space Shuttle program. The facility was used for storage and processing of the hypergolic propellants used in the Space Shuttle's reaction control system, Orbital Maneuvering System, and auxiliary power units which were used to provide hydraulic power to the shuttle's control surfaces, main engines and brakes. The facility was previously used for cryogenic testing during the Apollo program and Solid Rocket Booster aft skirt hot-testing. 
The facility includes:
The full name for the facility is Hypergol Maintenance Facility Hazardous Waste South Staging Area.
Contamination.
Soil tests in 1998 found surface soil to be contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), trichlorofluoromethane (TCFM) and aluminum. Tests in 2002 found vinyl chloride soil content to be above acceptable levels and of soil was removed as a temporary solution.

</doc>
<doc id="31132702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132702" title="Ross R-6">
Ross R-6

The Ross R-6 is a tandem two-seat, high-wing glider that was designed by Harland Ross and first flown in 1956.
Design and development.
Ross designed the R-6 as a two-seat sailplane with the intention of setting new multi-place records with it. The aircraft was initially designed to use the same span wing as the highly successful Ross-Johnson RJ-5, but with a gross weight of as opposed to the RJ-5's this gave the R-6 one of the highest wing loadings for a glider of its day.
The R-6 was constructed with a metal fuselage, which was a departure from Ross's earlier designs. The passenger seat is behind the pilot's seat, aft of the wing spar and has no windows, visibility is provided by a removable plastic overhead dome. The wing features dive brakes. The wingspan was later increased to , lowering the wing loading somewhat, but increasing the high aspect ratio to 28:1. Originally taking off from a dolly and landing on a fixed skid, the R-6 later had a retractable monowheel landing gear installed.
Operational history.
In one four-day period in 1958 Ross flew the R-6 to set four records. He set new World Record marks for the multi-place glider category in , and speed triangles and also set a US National Record for out-and-return distance of . Two of the three World Records exceeded the standing single-place record at the time.
In 1959, Ross flew the R-6 solo from Kent, Texas to Farley, New Mexico for his diamond distance and won the Barringer Trophy 
The R-6 was later owned by Bob Storck of Waldorf, Maryland who loaned it to the National Soaring Museum, where it is currently listed as in storage.

</doc>
<doc id="31132706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132706" title="Elmer Baumann">
Elmer Baumann

Elmer H. Baumann (born February 15, 1902) was an American electrician from Milwaukee who served one term (1927–1928) as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing Milwaukee County's 11th Assembly district (the 11th and 24th wards of the City of Milwaukee).
Background.
He was born February 15, 1902, in Milwaukee and was educated in public grade schools. He became an electrician and a member of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, served as assistant business agent of his local union in 1925, and as a delegate to the 1925 international convention of the IBEW in Seattle, Washington. He held various offices in the Milwaukee labor movement. and at the time of his election was vice-president of IBEW Local 494.
In the Assembly.
He had never held public office until his successful 1926 bid for the Assembly to replace fellow Socialist Olaf C. Olsen. Due to the failure of his only opponent to complete necessary paperwork, he ran unopposed (one of three Socialists to run unopposed in the 1926 election). He was assigned to the Assembly's standing committee on education.
He was defeated in his 1928 bid for re-election by Republican Alex Chmurski, who polled 3358 votes to 3056 for Democrat George Brier and 2989 for Baumann.
After the Assembly.
He served for some time on the Milwaukee Board of School Directors, and died in March 1935 while seeking re-election to that office, in which he was seen as a strong advocate for higher pay for teachers and educational staff.

</doc>
<doc id="31132713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132713" title="One Jump Ahead">
One Jump Ahead

One Jump Ahead may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31132723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132723" title="2003 DFB-Ligapokal">
2003 DFB-Ligapokal

The 2003 DFB-Ligapokal was the seventh edition of the DFB-Ligapokal. It was won by Hamburger SV, who beat Borussia Dortmund 4–2 in the final, securing their first title.

</doc>
<doc id="31132725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132725" title="Sandy Saddler (golfer)">
Sandy Saddler (golfer)

A. C. "Sandy" Saddler (born c. 1936) is a Scottish amateur golfer.
Saddler was champion at Forfar Golf Club seven times. He also represented Scotland 22 times, and Britain fourteen times, between 1959 and 1967 in amateur play. He represented Great Britain three times in the Walker Cup (1963, 1965, 1967) and was the non-playing captain of the team in 1977. In 1967, he was the only Great Britain player to win two singles in the Walker Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31132728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132728" title="Julius Schrader">
Julius Schrader

Julius Friedrich Antonio Schrader (16 June 1815 Berlin – 16 February 1900 Lichterfelde) was a German painter, associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
Biography.
He studied at the Berlin Academy and the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf under Schadow, 1837-1845. Subsequently he traveled in Italy, England, the Netherlands and Belgium and in the last country fell under the influence of the colorists Gallait and Biefoe. In 1851 he became professor at the Berlin Academy.
Works.
In fresco he painted "First Twelve Christian Monarchs" in the Royal Chapel, and "Consecration of the Church of Saint Sophia, Constantinople" in the New Museum, Berlin. Among his portraits are those of Humboldt and Ranke, the historian.

</doc>
<doc id="31132732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132732" title="Antony and Cleopatra (1974 TV drama)">
Antony and Cleopatra (1974 TV drama)

Antony and Cleopatra is a 1974 British videotaped television production of William Shakespeare's 1606 play of the same name, produced by ATV (which was distributed internationally by ITC) starring Richard Johnson as Mark Antony, Janet Suzman as Cleopatra, and Patrick Stewart as Enobarbus. It was directed by Jon Scoffield and is an adaptation of Trevor Nunn's Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) production of the play. It features then-little-known Ben Kingsley and Tim Pigott-Smith in small roles.
As of 2014, this production was the last made-for-TV Shakespeare adaptation to have its American network premiere on U.S. commercial television. Olivier's "King Lear" was shown in the U.S. in 1984 in syndication rather than on a single network.
Deviations from the play.
The major character of Sextus Pompey, who figures significantly in the plot in Act II, was completely excised from this production. 

</doc>
<doc id="31132736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132736" title="Herbert Westfaling (politician)">
Herbert Westfaling (politician)

Herbert Westfaling (3 January 1630 – 1705) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Westfaling was the son of Herbert Westfaling of Mansell Gamage and his wife Elizabeth Frogmore, daughter of John Frogmore of Claines, Herefordshire.
In 1660, Westfaling was elected Member of Parliament for Hereford in the Convention Parliament. In 1661 he fought a highly contentious election for the Cavalier Parliament. Sir Henry Lingen, the other member, sought to replace Westfaling by his friend Sir Edward Hopton and gained control of the corporation before the royalist councillors were restored. The mayor created 80 freemen from Lingen's supporters and refused to do likewise for Westfaling. Lingen was returned unopposed, but Westfaling demanded a poll against Hopton. The mayor was detained in the Guild Hall on the first day and refused to go to the poll on the second day, declaring Hopton elected from Hopton's House. Westfaling persuaded the sheriff to take another return and Hopton topped the poll but with what turned out to be a number of invalid votes. Hopton was allowed to sit but the matter was referred to the elections committee. Sir Job Charlton noted that "there was a very strange carriage and some disturbance in the elections" and recommended Hopton be unseated. However parliament declared the election void, and Lingen and Westfaling were returned at the by-election. Westfaling sat until 1679.
Westfaling was mayor of Hereford in 1683.
Westfaling died at the age of 75.
Westfaling married Ann Edwards daughter of Sir Thomas Edwards.

</doc>
<doc id="31132739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132739" title="Autogas for America">
Autogas for America

Autogas for America claims to be the unified voice of the autogas industry in the United States. Composed of autogas experts, transportation industry specialists and environmental advocates, Autogas for America says it "leverages industry cooperation to widen recognition of autogas among the U.S. public, media and government."
Formed in 2010, the non-profit organization has grown to more than 100 stakeholders. Autogas for America does not favor any particular equipment manufacturer or fuel supplier, including stakeholders from both OEM manufacturers like Roush CleanTech, a subsidiary of Roush Performance, and after-market conversion providers like Alliance AutoGas.
Autogas for America's platform includes advocating the use of propane autogas as an alternative vehicle fuel. The organization markets autogas' application to public and private fleets. Among its goals, the organization's website says, "Autogas for America will pursue legislation that promotes the use of clean Autogas," to include the long-term extensions of the 50-cent-per-gallon alternative fuel tax credit and the 30%, up to $30,000, alternative fuel infrastructure credit that were renewed only through 2011 in. H.R. 4853.

</doc>
<doc id="31132740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132740" title="Ypsolopha striatella">
Ypsolopha striatella

Ypsolopha striatella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including California.
The wingspan is about 22 mm.
The antennae are white towards the apex with dark brown annulations. The labial palpi, 
especially the second joint, are unusually short for the "Ypsolopha" genus. The brush is also very short and the terminal joint is thickened with rough scales. It is white with a few dark scales on the third joint. The head and thorax are white, with a narrow black streak on the shoulders. The forewings are dull chalky white with narrow more or less interrupted purplish-black longitudinal streaks. The hindwings are light ochreous fuscous and whitish towards the edges. The abdomen are white, but mottled with dark fuscous above. The legs are whitish, slightly mottled with fuscous.

</doc>
<doc id="31132741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132741" title="Bermuda Garrison">
Bermuda Garrison

The Bermuda Garrison was the military establishment maintained on the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda by the regular British Army, and its local militia and voluntary reserves from 1701 to 1957. The Garrison existed primarily to defend the Royal Naval Dockyard (HM Dockyard Bermuda) and other facilities in Bermuda that were important to Imperial security until the HM Dockyard was closed (a process that was carried out between 1951 and 1957).
Although the last professional soldiers (a detachment of the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry) were withdrawn in 1957, and the Garrison ceased to exist, two part-time components - the Bermuda Militia Artillery and the Bermuda Volunteer Rifle Corps (retitled "Bermuda Rifles") - continued to exist until 1965, when they amalgamated to create the current Bermuda Regiment.
1609 to 1701.
The English colony of Bermuda was settled accidentally in 1609 by the Virginia Company, when its flagship, the Sea Venture was wrecked off the archipelago. Although most of the settlers eventually completed their journey to Jamestown, Virginia, the company remained in possession of Bermuda, with Virginia's borders officially extended far enough out to sea to include Bermuda in 1612. In the same year, a Governor and more settlers arrived to join the three men left behind from the Sea Venture. From then until 1701, Bermuda's defence was left entirely in the hands of her own militias.
Bermuda's militia included a standing body of artillery men to garrison the forts built by the local government. The earliest of these forts built were the first stone fortifications (and buildings) in the English New World, the first coastal artillery, and are today the oldest English New World fortifications still standing. Together with St. George's town, the forts near the town (including the Castle Islands Fortifications) are today a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
In addition to the full-time artillerymen, all of the colony's men of military age were obliged to turn out for militia training and in case of war. They were organised as infantry and mounted units.
1701 to 1768.
In 1701, the threat of war led the English government to post an Independent Company of regular soldiers to Bermuda, where the militia continued to function as a standby in case of war or insurrection. The company, a detachment of the 2nd Foot of the English Army, arrived in Bermuda along with the new Governor, Captain Benjamin Bennett, aboard HMS Lincoln, in May 1701, and was composed of Captain Lancelot Sandys, Lieutenant Robert Henly, two sergeants, two corporals, fifty private soldiers, and a drummer. General William Selwyn had objected to their detachment. Despite this small regular detachment, the militia remained Bermuda's primary defence force. Following the conclusion of the Seven Years' War in 1763, the Independent Company was removed. A company of the 9th Foot was detached from Florida, reinforced with a detachment from the Bahamas Independent Company, but this force was withdrawn in 1768, leaving only the militia.
1793 to 1815.
Regular troops had been stationed in Bermuda during the American War of Independence, but were withdrawn afterwards. US independence cost the Royal Navy all of her continental bases between the Canadian Maritimes and the West Indies. As a result, the Admiralty began purchasing land around Bermuda, especially at the under-developed West End, with a view to establishing a dockyard and naval base there. The Royal Naval establishment began with facilities in the town of St. George's in 1795, and by 1812 the island hosted an Admiralty and a dockyard, as well as a naval squadron during the winter. These facilities were to play a major role in the American War of 1812, and Bermuda would develop into the Royal Navy's largest and most important base in the Western Hemisphere.
Following the French Revolution, a detachment of the 47th Foot was detached to Bermuda in 1793. Regular troops would continue to be stationed in Bermuda from then 'til 1957. With a regular garrison, Bermudians lost interest in maintaining militias. The Militia Acts were allowed to lapse and, other than a brief resurgence during the American War of 1812, the Bermuda Government would not raise local forces until pressed by the Secretary of State for War to create the Bermuda Militia Artillery and the Bermuda Volunteer Rifle Corps eight decades later (although there were a number of short-lived attempts to maintain militia without the contribution of the Parliament of Bermuda).
19th century.
With the build up of the Dockyard, there was a corresponding increase in the size of the Army garrison that was to protect it. This included the construction of numerous fortifications and coastal artillery batteries (the forts, by and large, were also built to house coastal artillery), manned by the Royal Artillery (Royal Garrison Artillery, or RGA), and camps where infantry troops were stationed.
From the beginning, the Royal Engineers were an important part of the Garrison, improving pre-existing fortifications and batteries, like Fort St. Catherine's, building new ones, surveying the island, building a causeway to link St. George's Island to the Main Island, a lighthouse at Gibb's Hill, and various other facilities. A system of military roads was built, also, as the rudimentary roads that had existed before had been used by islanders primarily to take the shortest route to the shore, with most passengers and wares moved around the archipelago by boats.
The Royal Army Ordnance Corps operated a depot at Ordnance Island, in St. George's, to supply munitions to the coastal artillery. A secret gunpowder store was also built underground at Agar's Island in 1870. Munitions were also held at the Royal Army Service Corps wharf on East Broadway, at the outskirts of the City of Hamilton. The RASC had another wharf in the town of St. George's near to Ordnance Island. The Royal Engineers maintained a system of underwater mine defences using boats operated from the RASC wharfs.
The St. George's Garrison was a large base including barracks and a hospital to the East and North of St. George's town. Used primarily by the RGA, following the infantry's relocation to Prospect Camp, this large base served the surrounding forts and batteries. As with the fortifications built previously by the colony's militia, the fortifications clustered most thickly at the East End of Bermuda, near St. George's. This was because the primary passage through the surrounding reefline brought vessels close to the Eastern shores of St. David's Island and St. George's Island. There were forts and batteries at other strategic locations throughout Bermuda, however.
Originally, most of the regular soldiers were deployed around St. George's, but with the development of the City of Hamilton in the central parishes, which had become the capital in 1815, and of the HM Dockyard at the West End, it became necessary to redeploy the army westwards as well. The heaviest cluster of forts and batteries remained at the East End, where shipping passed in through the reefline from the open Atlantic, and this meant that the artillery soldiers continued to concentrate most heavily at the East End. The infantry, however, established a large camp at the centre of Bermuda circa 1855. Located in Devonshire, on the outskirts of Hamilton, it was called Prospect Camp. The camp housed other units, as well, including Royal Garrison Artillery detachments at a fort built within the camp, Prospect Fort. Although Prospect Camp had extensive areas for training, it was surrounded by public roads and residential areas, and had no safe area for a rifle range. Consequently, a second camp, Warwick Camp, was added primarily to provide rifle ranges to the soldiers of the Garrison, and the Dockyard's own Royal Marine detachment (and those of the ships stationed there).
Various other smaller sites were used by the Army over the history of the garrison. These included Watford Island and the southern half of Boaz Island, both part of the Admiralty land holdings attached to the HM Dockyard, where Clarence Barracks housed a considerable number of soldiers, and Agar's Island, where substantial underground munitions bunkers were built.
In 1885, with the UK Government having tried for years in vain to encourage the Bermudian Government to raise part-time units to allow the reduction of the regular component of the garrison, the local parliament authorised the creation of the Bermuda Militia Artillery and the Bermuda Volunteer Rifle Corps as reserves for the RGA and the regular infantry.
The Bermudian parliament's prior reluctance to the creation of such units was partly due to the concern that social unrest might result from creating either racially segregated or integrated units, and partly due to fears that it would be saddled with the entire cost of the military defences. The Secretary of State for War finally achieved their support by ransoming Bermuda's nascent tourism industry.
Bermuda's tourism had arisen without conscious planning, and the hotels at first available to the wealthy visitors who pioneered holidaying on the island were generally small and uninspiring. Bermudian business and political leaders realised that a large, first-rate hotel was required. The development of the hotel hinged on American investment, however. Foreigners were not, at that time, permitted to buy land or businesses in Bermuda, lest their governments use protecting those interests as a pretext for invasion. The USA was seen, throughout the 19th Century, as the primary threat to Bermuda.
As the Secretary of State for War put it, Bermuda was, at the time, considered by the UK government more as a naval and military base than as a colony. Allowing American investment in the new hotel, as well as plans to widen the channel into St. George's Harbour (necessary in an age where ships had grown too large to safely use the existing channel, but which it was argued would make an invader's task easier), were seen as weakening Bermuda's defence. The Secretary of State for War insisted that he could not approve either project while Bermuda contributed nothing to her own defence. As a result, two Acts of the Bermudian Parliament were passed in 1885 authorising the creation of the Bermuda Volunteer Rifle Corps and the Bermuda Militia Artillery, and the project to build the Princess Hotel was allowed to move forward (a third act had authorised the creation of a voluntary reserve for the Royal Engineers, but this was not raised). The part-time units were funded by the UK Government.
The trend from then on was to reduce the regular soldiers, and to shift an increasing part of the burden of the garrison on the part-time units. This process took many decades, however. The number of soldiers began to decline, and then quickly rose again. For the remainder of the 19th Century, military personnel made up a quarter of Bermuda's population, and defence spending, not agriculture or tourism, was the central leg of the Bermudian economy. Many wealthy American visitors actually brought their daughters to holiday on the island specifically in hopes of marrying them to the young, aristocratic military and naval officers who were posted to Bermuda (this put them in competition with local women, as Bermuda had a disproportionate number of spinsters). The new Princess Hotel made the most of this market, sponsoring dances and other social gatherings to which the officers of the garrison were invited to mingle with guests.
In addition to components of the army garrison, the Royal Marines, part of the Royal Navy, maintained detachments at the Royal Naval Dockyard which included both infantry elements and gunners of the Royal Marine Artillery.
First World War.
On the declaration of the First World War, Lieutenant-Colonel George Bunbury McAndrew, the Commanding Officer of the 2 Battalion, the Lincolnshire Regiment, was acting Governor of Bermuda as the actual Governor, Commander-in-Chief and Vice-Admiral (Bermuda's Governors, from the time the bases were built up, were normally military officers, especially from the Royal Engineers or the Royal Artillery), Lieutenant-General Sir George Bullock was off the island, and oversaw Bermuda's placement onto a war footing. Lt. Gen. Bullock resumed command on his return to Bermuda, and was succeeded as Governor and Commander-in-Chief by General Sir James Willcocks in May, 1917.
The 2 Lincolns were soon sent to England, preparatory to deployment to France, being replaced by a succession of Canadian battalions. On 19 August 1914, the British Government requested from the Adjutant General of the Canadian Militia a Canadian battalion to replace the 2 Lincolns, a request that was agreed to on 22 August by Lieutenant-Colonel Alfred Octave Fages, commanding the Royal Canadian Regiment. As with soldiers of the British Territorial Force (including the BVRC and BMA), Canadian Militia soldiers were recruited for home defence, and could not be compelled to serve overseas. Consequently, the soldiers of the RCR were asked to volunteer as a unit to the deployment. The unit relieved the 2 Lincolns at Prospect Camp on 13 September 1914. It would use the next eleven months in Bermuda to train in preparation for the Western Front. When it was deployed across the Atlantic on 13 August 1915, it was replaced by The 38th Battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force (CEF). When this battalion, too, deployed to the European theatre of conflict, it was replaced by the 163rd (French-Canadian) Battalion CEF, which arrived there on 29 May 1916. It was replaced by a British Territorial Force unit, the 2/4th Battalion of the East Yorkshire Regiment on 18 November 1916, and departed for Europe on 27 November 1916. The 2/4th East Yorks remained in Bermuda for the duration of the war.
On the declaration of War in 1914, the BMA was already embodied for annual training and moved onto a war footing. The BVRC embodied, and both units took up their wartime roles.
The BMA immediately began the process of forming a contingent of volunteers in 1914 to be despatched to the Western Front, but was prevented from doing so. However, two contingents eventually served as part of the larger Royal Garrison Artillery detachment to the Western Front. The first, 201 officers and men, under the command of Major Thomas Melville Dill (who handed overall command of the BMA to a subordinate in order to lead the overseas contingent), left for France on 31 May 1916. A second contingent, of two officers and sixty other ranks, left Bermuda on 6 May 1917, and was merged with the first contingent in France. The contingent, titled the "Bermuda Contingent, Royal Garrison Artillery", served primarily in ammunition supply, at dumps, and in delivering ammunition to batteries in the field. The Contingent served at the Somme from June to December 1916. They were then moved away from the Front, serving on docks until April, 1917, when they were attached to the Canadian Corps at Vimy Ridge, serving in the battle for Vimy Ridge. They were at Ypres, from 24 June until 22 October, where three men were killed and several wounded. Two men received the Military Medal. In Bermuda, the BMA was demobilised on 31 December 1918, and when the overseas contingent returned in July, 1919, it was to no unit. Thirty men who chose to remain on temporarily re-enlisted in the RGA, and the rest were demobilised. The unit was re-embodied on 3 June 1920, when its previous members were called up and joined by fifty new recruits.
The BVRC formed a company-sized contingent, Captain Richard Tucker and 88 other ranks, in December 1914, which trained over the winter and spring before being sent to England in June, 1915. As there was a shortage of officers, the Governor and Commander-in-Chief, Lieutenant-General Sir George Bullock, filled the role of Adjutant, a position normally filled by a Captain. As a consequence, the contingent was popularly known as "Bullock's Boys". It had been intended for the contingent to join the 2 Lincolns, but that battalion was already in France when they arrived and it became an extra company of 1 Lincolns, instead, deployed to the Western Front in July. It had lost more than half of its strength by September, 1916, and could no longer compose a rifle company. It was merged with the newly arrived BVRC Second Contingent, of one officer and 36 other ranks, who had trained in Bermuda as Vickers machine gunners. They were stripped of their Vickers machine guns and retrained as Lewis light machinegunners, providing 12 gun teams to 1 Lincolns headquarters. By the War's end, the two contingents had lost over 75% of their combined strength. Forty had died on active service, one received the O.B.E, and six the Military Medal. Sixteen enlisted men from the two contingents were commissioned, including the Sergeant Major of the First Contingent, Colour-Sergeant R.C. Earl, who would become Commanding Officer of the BVRC after the War. In 1918, 1 Lincolns was withdrawn from France and sent to Ireland to combat the army of the Irish Republic, declared in the 1916 Easter Rising.
Between the wars.
The inter-war period finally saw the significant reduction of the regular army components of the garrison, and the transfer of most of their roles to the part-time territorial units. In 1928, the regular Royal Artillery and Royal Engineers detachments were withdrawn, with their roles taken up respectively by the BMA and the new Bermuda Volunteer Engineers (BVE), raised in 1931. The coastal artillery forts and batteries were all mothballed or permanently removed from use except for St. David's Battery, which continued in the role of Examination Battery, watching over the channel through which shipping passed through Bermuda's surrounding barrier reef. The regular army infantry battalion was replaced by a company detached from whatever battalion was deployed to Jamaica (the unit on garrison continued to be replaced every three years). This consequently increased the requirement for part-time infantrymen. As the manpower requirements of the artillery had been reduced with the closure of most of the batteries, a new unit, the Bermuda Militia Artillery, was raised, grouped administratively with the BMA and likewise recruiting black soldiers, in 1939. That year, with war imminent, a new coastal artillery battery, with two 6 inch RBL guns, was built on a hill within Warwick Camp, intended to prevent naval vessels from bombarding the Royal Naval Dockyard from off Bermuda's South Shore. As with St. David's Battery, the guns were manned by the BMA and the Defence Electric Lights by the BVE.
Second World War.
During the Second World War, as had been the case during the First World War, the units posted to Bermuda to provide the regular infantry company on garrison included reserve units from the Canadian Army (as the Canadian Militia had been renamed in 1940), embodied for the duration of the war. At the start of the war a company of the 2nd Battalion, King's Shropshire Light Infantry was on deployment to Bermuda. They were succeeded by the Canadian Army's Winnipeg Grenadiers in 1940, a company of the 4th Battalion, Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders (including future Major Donald Henry "Bob" Burns, MC, who would be a Second-in-Command of the Bermuda Regiment, Town Crier of St. George's, and Guinness world record holder for loudest human speaking voice) in 1942, and a company of the Canadian Pictou Highlanders from 1942 to 1946. 
As during the First World War, the part-time units were again mobilized for the duration, becoming full-time. Conscription was quickly introduced, with all military-age British males resident in Bermuda liable for service. Part-time Home Guard units were also raised as a reserve. The regular army infantry company operated the headquarters of the Garrison at Prospect Camp, and took responsibility for patrolling and guarding in the central parishes. The BVRC took responsibility for patrolling and defending the East End of Bermuda, and the BMI for the West End. In addition to maintaining guards at the Dockyard and Darrell's Island, the infantry soldiers guarded the trans-Atlantic cable facilities, beaches and inlets, patrolled the island, and operated motor boat patrols.
The BMA manned the Examination Battery in St. David's, which guarded the primary entrance through the reefs to Bermuda's harbours from the open Atlantic. By 1939, this was the only fixed battery left in use in Bermuda, though others were theoretically able to be returned to use. Similar 6" guns were fixed at the Dockyard, but it was felt that a capital ship could potentially bombard the Dockyard from off the South Shore, out of range of both batteries. As a result, a new battery was built on a hilltop within Warwick Camp, with two 6" guns mounted there. These too were manned by the BMA.
The Bermuda Volunteer Engineers filled two roles. They continued to operate spot lamps at the coastal artillery batteries, lighting targets for the BMA gun crews at night. The BVE also absorbed the BVRC's signals section, and assumed responsibility for providing signals detachments for all branches of the garrison, as well as to the Royal Naval Dockyard and to the RAF air station at Darrell's Island.
The BVRC sent a draft to the Lincolns (with volunteers from the other local units attached for the transit) in 1940, following which concern of denuding the garrison meant a moratorium was placed on any further drafts overseas by the local units (although many soldiers were released from their units to train as pilots at the Bermuda Flying School on Darrell's Island). The school only accepted volunteers from amongst those already serving in one of the local army units. Eighty-eight men were sent to the Royal Air Force and Fleet Air Arm before the school closed in 1942, following which it was reorganised as a recruiting arm for the Royal Canadian Air Force, sending 200 aircrew trainees to that unit. The Bermuda Flying School was headed by Major Montgomery-Moore, DFC, who was also the Commanding Officer of the BVE.
In addition to the British Army and Royal Naval units in Bermuda during the War, a Royal Canadian Navy base, HMCS Somers Isles, operated at the former Royal Naval site at Convict Bay, and four airbases were operated in Bermuda - one by the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm, the Royal Air Force used RAF Darrell's Island, the US Navy operated flying boats from the US Naval Operating Base, and the US Army Air Force and the RAF shared an airfield built by the US Army, Kindley Field.
Although air and naval units based in Bermuda played an active part in the War, the Axis Powers never dared to launch a direct attack on the colony. With the US entry into the war in 1942, and the considerable build up of US Army garrison of artillery and infantry forces in Bermuda (other than those needed to defend their bases, US ground forces were withdrawn on the war's end), as well as the decreased danger posed by German surface ships and submarines, the moratorium preventing local units sending drafts overseas was lifted.
The BVRC sent a second detachment to the Lincolnshire Regiment, and the Bemuda Militia (Artillery and Infantry together) sent a draft which formed the training cadre and the core of the new Caribbean Regiment.
1945 to 1957.
Following the war, the BVE and BMI, as well as the Home Guard, ceased to existed. The BMA and BVRC were both demobilised, reduced to skeleton staffs. Both were quickly built back up to strength in 1951, and conscription, which had been used during the war, was re-introduced for both units (the BVRC suitably being retitled simply Bermuda Rifles), although the conscripts served on a part-time basis, wheareas wartime service had been full-time for the duration. The last coastal artillery, the Examination Battery on St. David's Head, was removed from use in 1953, and the BMA converted to the infantry role (but remained nominally part of the Royal Regiment of Artillery). The last Imperial Defence Plan was issued the same year. After that, the local units no longer had a role under Imperial defence planning.
The Regular Army component of the garrison continued to include a full infantry company of 250 soldiers, plus a variety of "atts and dets" (attachments or detachments from others corps, such as the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers). A company of the Gloucestershire Regiment (the "Glosters") was posted to Prospect Camp in 1947, but this was sent to British Honduras the following year in response to a Guatemalan threat of invasion. Three Bermudians who had served in the BVRC during the war (Bernard L. Martin, Robert Wheatley, and Vernon Smith) re-enlisted into the Gloucestershire Regiment during its posting in Bermuda and subsequently took part in the Battle of Imjin River, during the Korean War. The Glosters were replaced by a detachment of The Highland Brigade in 1949.
In 1951, it was announced that the Royal Naval Dockyard would be closed, with much of its establishment withdrawn immediately. The process of running the naval base down would stretch over the rest of the decade (though part of the base, HMS Malabar, would operate 'til 1995). In November, 1952, it was decided to withdraw the Regular Army garrison, too, which was completed by the 1 May 1953. However, during the Bermuda Conference of the 4th to the 8th of December, 1953, the Prime Minister, Sir Winston Churchill, met with the US President Dwight D. Eisenhower and French Premier Joseph Laniel in the colony to discuss the security of Western Europe. A detachment of the Royal Welch Fusiliers had to be brought in for the period of the conference. The concerns of the Government of Bermuda and other interested parties were put to the Prime Minister during his stay in Bermuda, and as a result 'A' Company, 1st Battalion, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (1 DCLI) arrived to resume garrison duty at Prospect Camp in 1954.
The decision to continue the garrison was reconsidered in 1957. When Churchill had visited in 1953, the British Army had numbered over 400,000 soldiers, but the 1957 Defence White Paper called for the end of National Service, and the reduction of the Regular Army to 165,000 professional soldiers. Given the much smaller size of the army with the resultant difficulties in meeting its obligations, the high cost per man of the Bermuda Garrison, and the presence of the two part-time units that would remain in Bermuda (and which were capable of absorbing the responsibilities or the regular detachment), it was decided to withdraw the DCLI and all other regular soldiers (other than Permanent Staff Instructors and other attachments to the territorial units and the Aide-de-camp (ADC) to the Governor) from Bermuda by the end of May. This was despite strong arguments in the House of Commons for the retention of the Garrison by Bermuda-raised Denis Keegan, the Member of Parliament (MP) for Nottingham South, and Frederic Bennett, MP for Torquay. A Company DCLI reunited with E Company, which had been posted to British Honduras, and both were returned to England. The Officer Commanding A Company, Major J. Anthony Marsh, DSO, a Second World War veteran of the Special Air Services, took permanent residence in Bermuda after leaving the Regular Army, retiring from military service in 1970 as a Lieutenant-Colonel, commanding the Bermuda Regiment (a 1965 amalgam of the BVRC and BMA).
The Bermuda Government maintained both territorial units (the BMA being predominantly Black; the BVRC restricted to Whites) until 1965, at which time they were amalgamated into the Bermuda Regiment. Although trained in conventional light infantry tactics, the Bermuda Regiment has sought new roles to justify the expenditure required to maintain it, including readiness for Internal Security roles supporting the Bermuda Police Service, providing hurricane relief in Bermuda and other British territories, and taking an increasing hand in maritime patrol. It has also taken on responsibility for providing ceremonial parades that previously had chiefly fallen on the professional soldiers.
Post 1957.
Although no further regular units have been garrisoned in Bermuda since 1957, detachments have been sent to Bermuda occasionally for internal security, training, recreational, or ceremonial purposes, including elements of the airborne forces, which were on Bermuda for training exercises with the Bermuda Regiment when Governor Sir Richard Sharples and his ADC, Captain Hugh Sayers, were murdered on the 10th of March, 1973. A state of emergency was declared and the Bermuda Regiment and the airborne soldiers (as well as the Royal Marines detachment from the frigate HMS Sirius, serving as West Indies Guard Ship, and docked at HMS Malabar) were called in to assist the civil authorities. The 23 Parachute Field Ambulance, 1 Parachute Logistic Regiment and the band of the 1st Battalion, The Parachute Regiment subsequently provided protection for Government buildings and officials as well as assisting the Bermuda Police.
The 1st Battalion Royal Regiment of Fusiliers was briefly despatched to Bermuda at the request of the local government as a result of riots in 1977 (following the death sentences given to the two men responsible for the murders of the Governor and his ADC, as well as of the 1972 murder of Police Commissioner George Duckett and the 1973 murders of two staff members of a grocery store). At the time, the Bermuda Regiment numbered about 400 officers and men. While sufficient to guard key points around the island, this did not allow for a reserve of men in barracks, and the soldiers assigned to guard duty could not be rotated back to barracks for periods of rest. This shortfall was taken into account by Major-General Glyn Gilbert, the highest-ranking Bermudian in the British Army, when he issued a report on the Bermuda Regiment in which he made a number of recommendations, including its increase to a full battalion of about 750, with three rifle companies and a support company.
See also.
Military of Bermuda

</doc>
<doc id="31132742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132742" title="Throwleigh">
Throwleigh

Throwleigh is a village and civil parish located near the town of Okehampton and the A38 road, in the West Devon district, in the county of Devon, England. Throwleigh has a church called St Mary the Virgin, Throwleigh.

</doc>
<doc id="31132758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132758" title="RNAS Capel">
RNAS Capel

Royal Naval Air Station Capel (later Royal Air Force Station Folkestone) was a First World War airship station near Folkestone, Kent.
History.
When Germany declared in February 1915 that it would commence unrestricted submarine warfare the Royal Navy responded with the building of airship stations around the coast. Being close to the Dover straight the open fields east of Capel-le-Ferne were seen as ideal location for a base and work started in April 1915. Although not completed the base was official opened on 8 May 1915. The first airship for Capel was to have been SS-1 the first of a new sea scout class of non-rigid airships, on delivery to Capel from RNAS Kingsnorth on 7 May it hit telegraph wires and was destroyed. Despite the accident more sea scouts were soon delivered to Capel. 
Airship production.
Following the successful repair to SS-10 at Capel production of the airships moved from Kingsnorth to Capel, although by 1916 production had moved again to Vickers at Barrow and RNAS Wormood Scrubs. The engineering section at Capel went on to design an improved variant of the SS airship which would be known as the SSZ. The SSZ had an improved aluminium covered ash-framed car and was fitted with a 75hp Rolls-Royce Hawk aero-engine, it was fitted with a envelope and test flown in August 1916. When the Admiralty were informed about the new airship they censured the air station for carrying out unauthorised modifications, but on the other hand ordered the type into production.
Operations.
The airships carried out patrols along the English coast and escorted shipping across the channel always on the look out for submarines. In April 1918 the Royal Air Force was formed and Capel became RAF Folkestone, it had by then three large airship sheds and a grass landing area. On 16 September 1918 SSZ.1 while under the command of a United States Navy officer depth-charged and sunk submarine UB-103.
Two sub-stations were used at Godmersham Park north of Wye and Wittersham south of Tenterden were active. The sites were used as mooring-out bases where the airships could be secured in a sheltered area.
Closure.
Following the end of the First World War the station was closed in 1919. In the Second World War the site was used as a radio monitoring station.

</doc>
<doc id="31132761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132761" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Rutana">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rutana

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rutana () is a diocese located in the city of Rutana in the Ecclesiastical province of Gitega in Burundi. 
Special churches.
The Cathedral is the Cathédrale Saint-Joseph in Rutana.

</doc>
<doc id="31132770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132770" title="List of MPs elected to the English Parliament in 1660">
List of MPs elected to the English Parliament in 1660

This is a list of Members of Parliament (MPs) in the Convention Parliament which began at Westminster on 25 April 1660, and was held until 29 December 1660. It was elected as a "free parliament", i.e. with no oath of allegiance to the Commonwealth or to the monarchy. 
The last parliament called by Royal Authority was originally the Long Parliament called on 3 November 1640, but subsequently reduced to the Rump parliament under Pride's Purge. There were four intervening parliaments called under the Commonwealth. The restored Rump Parliament had finally voted for its own dissolution on 16 March and summoned the new Convention Parliament.
The Convention Parliament was predominantly Royalist in its membership and called back the King, and restored the Constitution in Church and State. After the Declaration of Breda had been received, Parliament proclaimed on 8 May that King Charles II had been the lawful monarch since the death of Charles I in January 1649. The Convention Parliament then proceeded to conduct the necessary preparation for the Restoration Settlement.
List of constituencies and members.
This list contains details of the MPs elected in 1660.

</doc>
<doc id="31132789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132789" title="Boreham Street">
Boreham Street

Boreham Street is a small village and civil parish in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England. Its nearest towns are Hailsham, which lies approximately west of the village and Battle, which lies approximately to the east.
A picturesque village, marked by the number and quality of the listed buildings which line its high street, Boreham Street sits atop a ridge with views south over the Pevensey Levels towards Normans Bay and the coast and to the north over open farmland.
Boreham Street is home to a garage/petrol station, the Bull's Head public house and Scolfe's restaurant/tea rooms. The village's hall, the Reid Hall, holds many events.

</doc>
<doc id="31132805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132805" title="Shikoku proportional representation block">
Shikoku proportional representation block

The Shikoku proportional representation block () is one of eleven proportional representation (PR) "blocks", multi-member constituencies for the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan. It consists of Shikoku region covering Tokushima, Kagawa, Ehime and Kōchi prefectures. Following the introduction of proportional voting it elected seven representatives in the 1996 general election. When the total number of PR seats was reduced from 200 to 180, the Shikoku PR block shrunk to six seats.
Summary of results.
With a district magnitude of six, Shikoku is the smallest PR block. The vote share necessary to obtain a seat is usually well above ten percent. In three elections after the consolidation of the LDP-DPJ-party system by the merger of the LP into the DPJ in 2001, only the top three parties were able to win seats in Shikoku. In 2012, the LDP recorded its worst result since the introduction of proportional party list voting and the DPJ vote share crashed by more than 25 percentage points, the newly created Japan Restoration Party managed to gain two proportional seats in Shikoku.
Party names are abbreviated as follows (format: abbreviation, translated name, Japanese name, Engrish name):
List of Representatives.
"Note: Party affiliations as of election day."

</doc>
<doc id="31132812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132812" title="Disraelis">
Disraelis

DisraeliS (short for "disabled Israelis"), is a private initiative that was founded in 2002 by Ilan Brunner and his wife Esti in Tel Aviv. The project is made possible by volunteer workers.
History.
Ilan Brunner, born 1934 in Prague, was among the Jewish children who left Germany for England in 1939 with the Kindertransport (Refugee Children Movement) and so survived the Holocaust. After the Second World War, he went to Israel and worked there for 40 years as a Press Officer and photographer for the Israeli Ministry of Defense.
During his service as an army spokesman, Ilan Brunner welcomed many German visitors to Israel and thus came in contact with a new generation of Germans who were interested in Israel and the fate of Israeli soldiers. As a result of long-standing relationships, intense contacts and friendships were able to be established. It was also within this context that the idea was born to invite young Israelis who were wounded during their military service or by terrorist attacks to a recreational stay in Germany.
It all began in Israel in 1997. Horst-Klaus Hofmann, the founder of the German ecumenical community "Offensive Junger Christen" (OJC, also known as The Reichenberg Fellowship), met Ilan Brunner at a liturgical penitential service at the Holocaust memorial Yad Vashem. In collaboration with Hofmann and the Lutheran pastor Wolfgang Breithaupt from Weitenhagen/Germany and with the support of many donors, a vacational stay was made possible in the summer of 2002: Accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Brunner, 18 young Israelis came to the church meeting center "Haus der Stille" (House of Silence) in Weitenhagen near Greifswald/Germany.
Goals.
The project has three main focuses: establishing personal contacts, reducing prejudices and increasing understanding regarding the situation of Israel. It also aims to promote understanding and friendship between Israelis and Christians of various nations. Thus, young Israeli women and men between the ages of 18 and 28 who have been wounded by terrorist attacks during their military service have received the opportunity to visit organizations and individuals in Germany. Up until 2010, more than 1000 Israelis have come abroad for a holiday, receiving invitations from groups and individuals from the United States, England, Germany, Switzerland and other countries.
For the Holocaust survivor Ilan Brunner, these relationships are of special significance: "They serve to make the idea of reconciliation between our peoples a reality, without forgetting the past. These relationships build bridges – one by one."
Activities.
The project was met with a strong response from Christians and churches in Germany. At the invitation of Pastor Wolfgang Breithaupt, the first group visited the "Haus der Stille" at Weitenhagen in 2002. A second group of 20 young Israelis came to the "Offensive Junger Christen e.V." (OJC) in Reichelsheim in May 2003. In order to continue the ongoing dialogue, nine OJC members travelled to Israel in August 2004 to visit the Disraelis who had been in Reichelsheim in the spring of 2003. In May 2006, 18 young Israelis were hosted by the OJC for a 10-day visit. In March 2007, the OJC staff made another return visit to Israel. In the summer of 2007, together with Wolfgang and Elke Breithaupt from the "Haus der Stille", members of the OJC invited Israeli "orphaned" couples who had lost a child. Another group of 18 young Israelis came to Reichelsheim in 2008. In July 2010, a fourth group of young Israelis were hosted by the OJC in Reichelsheim. On the occasion of one of the first group trips to Weitenhagen, the bishop of the Pomeranian Evangelical Church, Hans-Jürgen Abromeit, wrote a welcoming address.
In 2003, the Christian bridge-building and reconciliation organization "Dienste in Israel" invited Israeli terror victims to Hanover, who were hosted by German families. In the early summer of 2005, 14 Disraelis came to Kassel in Northern Hesse at the invitation of the organization "Israel Heute – Christen an der Seite Israels e.V." The Christian association "Ebenezer Hilfsfonds Deutschland e.V.", whose goal is to promote reconciliation and to help Jews return to Israel, was also one of the project partners. At the invitation of the organization "Christen an der Seite Israels", a group of Disraelis visited the Kassel region in May 2004. Churches such as the Protestant Church Werben/Lower Lausitz and Christian organizations such as the German YMCA have also participated in the Disraelis project.
In addition, some cities and municipalities have served as partners of Disraelis. In June 2007, 20 disabled soldiers visited the town Schönebeck in Saxony-Anhalt. They stayed with host families and at the YMCA. On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the Kristallnacht, Ilan Brunner held a lecture at the Georg-August-Zinn School in Reichelsheim.
In July 2009, a meeting between 20 young Disraelis and members of the "Hans Rosenthal Lodge e.V." took place in Berlin. The project has also been supported by the German Armed Forces, the German Ministry of Defence and the German Embassy in Israel. Many individuals and families have hosted young Israelis since the beginning of the project.
On the 18th of September 2004, the Central German Broadcasting Company MDR aired a report on the Disraelis project in its television program "Credible" (author: Frieder Weigmann).

</doc>
<doc id="31132826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132826" title="Louise Hay (mathematician)">
Louise Hay (mathematician)

Louise Hay (June 14, 1935 – October 28, 1989) was an American mathematician.
Biography.
Louise Hay was born in Metz, Lorraine, in 1935. Her family immigrated to New York, in 1946. Louise Hay was a founding member of the Association for Women in Mathematics. Her master's thesis was "An Axiomatization of the Infinitely Many-Valued Predicate Calculus." In 1990 the AWM established the "Louise Hay Award" for Contributions to Mathematics Education. Louise Hay was recognized for her contributions to mathematical logic and for her leadership as the head of the Mathematics, Statistics and Computer science Department at the University of Illinois at Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="31132837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132837" title="Olaf C. Olsen">
Olaf C. Olsen

Olaf C. Olsen was a Socialist from Milwaukee. He was a law student at Marquette University Law School in 1922 when he was elected to the first of his two terms in the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 11th Milwaukee County district (11th and 24th wards of the City of Milwaukee).
Background.
Olsen was born February 26, 1899 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He graduated from South Division High School and until the 1923 opening of the legislature was attending the law school of Marquette University.
Assembly.
He had never held a public office before being elected to the assembly in November, 1922, receiving 3,643 votes to 887 for Democrat Alex J. Roselik (portions of this district had been represented by William E. Jordan and portions by Stephen Stolowski prior to reapportionment; both were Socialists). He was appointed to the Assembly's standing committee on the judiciary. He was re-elected in 1924, with 3817 votes to 3051 for B. J. Adamkiewicz; by this time, his occupation was listed as "secretary".
He did not run for re-election in 1926, and was succeeded by fellow Socialist Elmer Baumann.

</doc>
<doc id="31132840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132840" title="Yarcombe">
Yarcombe

Yarcombe is a village and civil parish in the county of Devon, England, situated in the East Devon administrative district on the A30 road near the towns of Honiton and Chard. It is sited in the steep rolling meadows and ancient woods of the Yarty Valley on the south edge of the Blackdown Hills, an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The small village centre has a Norman church, dedicated to St John the Baptist, an old inn with monastical roots, a hotel, a bed and breakfast and a cluster of houses, but there are also many outlying farms and hamlets which make Yarcombe a large parish.
Yarcombe is a working village, and farming and agricultural support services are important sources of employment. There are other small businesses in the community, such as accommodation and catering, building and joinery, motor services, furniture making, and rural crafts. The village has a village hall and an active community life, including traditions such as pig and terrier racing, barrel rolling and metal ball throwing. The East Devon Sheepdog Trials have been held in Yarcombe for several years, in July.
Earl (later King) Harold briefly owned the manor in the village, prior to his demise at the Battle of Hastings. In Elizabethan times ownership of the manor passed to Francis Drake. Today one of his descendants remains squire of Yarcombe. In the Hundred Years War money was sent from Yarcombe by its French owner to the armies of France, to help them fight the English.
Yarcombe village is located close to the Devon/Somerset border and not far from West Dorset. The nearest small towns are Chard (6 miles) and Honiton (8 miles). Nearby are the coastal resorts of Lyme Regis, Seaton, Sidmouth, Budleigh Salterton and Exmouth. Larger towns further afield include Taunton (12 miles to the north), Exeter and Yeovil (around 25 miles west and east respectively).
Yarcombe won the Devon Village of the Year competition in 2005 and then at the West of England finals finished top of the Business of the Year category for the region.

</doc>
<doc id="31132845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132845" title="Minuscule 849 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 849 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 849 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Κι60 (von Soden), is a 17th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript has no complex context.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of John (7:25-10:18) on 152 paper leaves (size ), with a catena. The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page.
The biblical text is surrounded by a catena, the commentary is of Cyril's authorship.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a mixture of the text-types. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex placed in Category III.
History.
F. H. A. Scrivener and C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 17th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 17th century.
Probably it was rewritten from minuscule 850 (12th century).
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (730e) and Gregory (849e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library (Barb. gr. 495), in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="31132857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132857" title="Cooper's Green">
Cooper's Green

Cooper's Green is a village in the civil parish of Maresfield in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England. Its nearest town is Uckfield, which lies approximately south-west from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="31132867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132867" title="AAON">
AAON

AAON () designs, manufactures and sells semi-custom heating, ventilation and air conditioning equipment (HVAC) for commercial and residential use. Its subsidiary, AAON Coil Products manufactures a variety of heating/cooling products, as well as, coils used in the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) industry and provides coils to AAON as well as to other customers.
History.
The roots of AAON can be traced to 1928 when the John Zink Company (JZC) was started in Tulsa, Oklahoma to produce equipment for the oil industry. John Zink decided to diversify his firm's operations by making, installing, and servicing heating and, especially, air conditioning equipment for the mansions of Tulsa's wealthy oil men. Then in 1968 JZC's Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC) division began producing rooftop heating and air conditioning equipment for commercial customers.
After founder John Zink died, his son negotiated the acquisition of JZC in 1972 by the Sunbeam Corporation. In 1981 the Sunbeam Corporation in turn was purchased by Allegheny International, Inc. Then in June 1987 Lone Star Technologies, Inc. purchased JZC, but its leaders decided to get out of the HVAC industry, because that division was doing only about $16 million in annual sales, while the rest of JZC was running about $100 million in annual sales.
AAON, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation ("AAON-Oklahoma"), was incorporated on August 15, 1988, for the purpose of acquiring the assets, subject to certain liabilities, of the HVAC Division of John Zink Company in Tulsa, Oklahoma. AAON paid $9,219,000 for that acquisition, including $7,035,000 cash and the assumption of liabilities worth $2,184,000. The corporate name AAON has no particular meaning; it was chosen so the company would be listed at the beginning of listings and directories. It was pronounced "aye-on." 
AAON, Inc., formerly Diamond Head Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("AAON-Nevada"), was incorporated on August 18, 1987. In early 1988, Diamond Head Resources, Inc., a shell company, made a public offering of its stock in furtherance of the objective of seeking and acquiring an interest in a prospective business opportunity. AAON-Oklahoma's purchase of the HVAC business was consummated on September 30, 1988, at which time AAON-Nevada made a loan of virtually all of its assets ($580,000) to AAON-Oklahoma to partially finance the purchase. An integral part of that transaction was a Conversion/Exchange Agreement by and among AAON-Nevada, AAON-Oklahoma and the stockholders of AAON-Oklahoma, which was "triggered" on June 16, 1989. As a result, the $580,000 loan was converted to equity, the former stockholders of AAON-Oklahoma became the owners of 80% of the outstanding stock of AAON-Nevada and AAON-Oklahoma became a wholly owned subsidiary of AAON-Nevada. 
AAON bought its Tulsa manufacturing plant and offices in late 1988 for $650,000. After extensive changes costing almost $1.9 million, the company began using the refurbished facilities in early 1989. The heavy industrial manufacturing and warehouse spaces totaled , and the offices were situated in an additional . The plant, located on 12 acres at 2425 South Yukon, featured two main assembly lines. 
In its first year of operations, AAON faced a major challenge. The firm that supplied its coils did not have enough capacity to meet the growing requirements of AAON, leaving many machines half finished at the Tulsa plant. AAON was able to survive with the help of the Bank of Oklahoma, which increased its loan to the struggling new company from $5 million to $9 million.
Initial Officers and Directors.
The first officers and directors of AAON included the following men:
Other founders of AAON included Secretary/Director John B. Johnson, Jr., a Tulsa attorney since 1961; Director Richard E. Minshall, president of Tulsa's Capital Advisors, Inc. since 1978; and Anthony Pantaleoni, a partner in the law firm of Fulbright Jaworski & Reavis McGrath in New York City.
Developments.
In December 1991, AAON, Inc. of Nevada created a new subsidiary called CP/AAON, a Texas corporation, to acquire most of the assets of Coils Plus, Inc. of Longview, Texas. Coils Plus had been founded in 1984 to design and make new and replacement coils for the HVAC industry. AAON acquired this Texas company to have better control over the expenses and availability of coils required for its units. In January 1993, AAON Coil Products, the new subsidiary of AAON, purchased a facility near its former plant in Longview, Texas, and moved into the newly renovated plant a couple months later.
The company announced in November 1993 that its common stock would be traded on the NASDAQ National Market under the symbol AAON. NASDAQ's system of several competing dealers or market makers for the same stocks helped AAON stock become more visible and liquid. Other 1993 developments included starting a cross-training program to increase worker flexibility, spending about $1 million for replacement coils for units under warranty and completing a one-for-four reverse stock split, which retired almost $2 million of the firm's subordinated debt. 
In January 1995 AAON introduced a new product, a desiccant heat recovery wheel called AAONAIRE. This AAONAIRE technology increased the capacity of AAON rooftop units by as much as 50 percent without any additional energy costs. AAONAIRE was created to meet the requirements of the 1990 U.S. Clean Air Act for better air quality in commercial buildings. That legislation resulted from so-called "sick-building syndrome," characterized by a cluster of symptoms such as headaches, colds, and eye and respiratory tract problems first reported in the 1970s.
AAON employed more individuals as the 1990s continued; on March 1, 1994 the firm had 369 employees and 120 temporary workers. In March 1995, AAON Coil Products expanded with the purchase of property and a building next to its plant in Texas. The Tulsa plant also was enlarged to in 1995. These expansions allowed the employee count to grow to 480 full and 94 temporary employees by March 1, 1996 and then to 556 employees and 157 temporary employees by March 1, 1997. 
Although AAON knew of no particular hostile takeover attempt aimed at its assets, the firm's board of directors decided in 1997 to prepare for such a possibility. It unanimously approved an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation that required holders of two-thirds of outstanding shares to approve of any major changes, if the majority of the board did not agree to such changes. Nevada law required a majority vote of shares to make substantial changes in a company, so this proposal made it more difficult for someone to attempt a merger or other major changes. 
AAON made these changes realizing that their competitors in the HVAC industry were much larger companies. For example, Carrier Corporation, a subsidiary of United Technologies, in 1991 had sales of $3.8 billion, 37 percent of the HVAC industry, and employed almost 30,000 persons. Other major players in this industry included Trane; Lennox International Industries; and York International.
On May 5, 2004 AAON announced its acquisition of Air Wise Inc., of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. Air Wise was engaged in the engineering, manufacturing and sale of custom air-handling units, makeup air units and packaged rooftop units for commercial and industrial buildings. After struggling to keep its Canadian branch profitable, Tulsa-based AAON closed its plant five years later on July 23, 2009.
Other Information.
AAON has numerous air conditioner models that are certified by AHRI. 
By October 2010 AAON had earned seven inductions into Forbes magazine's "America's Best Small Companies" list.

</doc>
<doc id="31132912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132912" title="Willem van Zeist">
Willem van Zeist

Willem van Zeist (born Apeldoorn, 1924) is an Archaeologist, Palynologist and Professor of Paleobotany. He was the Director of the Biologisch-Archaeologisch Instituut, Rijksuniversiteit of the University of Groningen in the Netherlands.
Biography.
Van Zeist studied biology at the University of Utrecht, completing his PhD dissertation in 1955 on pollen analysis investigation in the Netherlands, with special reference to archaeology (Acta Botanica Neerlandica 4, 1955). From 1951-1989 he was linked to the Biologisch-Archaeologisch Instituut (Biological-Archaeological Institute). In 1967 he became lecturer and in 1973 associate professor of Palaeobotany at the University of Groningen.
European research.
Van Zeist conducted important research in Europe on the oldest recovered canoe in the world, the Pesse canoe found in the Netherlands. According to C14 dating analysis it was found to be constructed somewhere between 8200 and 7600 BC. This canoe is exhibited in the Drents Museum in Assen, Netherlands.
Van Zeist studied the vegetational history and peat bogs of southeastern Drenthe and concluded that Neolithic settlements had begun there around 5000 BC. He also concluded that the prehistoric disc wheels found in the Netherlands dated to at least the Neolithic period. Van Zeist also conducted analytical studies of pollen cores and charred seeds and fruits from archaeological excavations at Gasselte, Noordbarge, Odoorn, Peelo and Wijster. Since 1983, he has been a member of The Royal Dutch Academy of Sciences.
Near East research.
In 1975, van Zeist began work on establishing the climatalogical record for the Near East with pollen analyses from Iran and Turkey. Along with other studies he concluded that there had only been relatively minor fluctuations in the climate of this area since 5500 BC. He conducted paleobotanical studies and dating analyses at various Near Eastern archaeological sites of key importance such as Tell Ramad, Tell Ghoraife, El Kowm, Ras Shamra, Cayonu, Ganj Dareh, Mureybet and Tell Aswad. At the latter site near Mount Hermon in Syria, he made a notable find of the earliest cultivated Emmer Wheat yet found anywhere on Earth to date, along with what he considered to be domesticated peas and lentils along with other grains such as einkorn and barley at later stages.

</doc>
<doc id="31132922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132922" title="Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation">
Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation

The Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation was created in 2006 upon the death of Joan C. Edwards, a well-known West Virginia-based philanthropist.
History.
The Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation was created by a bequest from the Joan C. Edwards Trust in 2006 at the time of Mrs. Edwards' death. Mrs. Edwards was a philanthropist and former jazz singer. Her husband, James, who died in 1991, was owner and CEO of National Mattress Company in Huntington, W.Va., where the couple lived most of their lives.
In 2010, Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation launched the Health Profession Pipeline Program (H3P) in Cleveland, Ohio, to serve the needs of traditionally underrepresented minorities and low-income backgrounds.
Programs & Events.
Health Profession Pipeline Program.
The Health Profession Pipeline Program (H3P) is funded, administered and developed by the Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation in collaboration with its partners, Case Western Reserve University (CWRU) and School of Medicine (SOM), University Hospitals Case Medical Center (UHCMC) and the Cleveland Metropolitan School District (CMSD) Cleveland School of Science and Medicine (CSSM) at John Hay High School Campus. The H3P has been developed as a set of extra-curricular medical education events designed to more fully integrate the medical education system of the greater Cleveland community. The Foundation recognized the tremendous relationships already in place in the medical education system in Cleveland and sought to further solidify those relationships by funding an eight year scholarship between CSSM and CWRU.
Programs and Events.
The H3P involves the following programs:
“X” Inquiry Seminar Series (XISS) – the XISS is a general framework for delivering the medical curriculum of the H3P. It includes broad, long-term mentoring opportunities between all segments of the pipeline, challenging material and research opportunities for all participants, job and networking opportunities, recruiting opportunities and intense communications amongst the medical education system of any participating community.
The XISS is divided into two separate programs. In the fall, the Neurological Inquiry Seminar Series (NISS) is a program in which the events are focused on neurology. In the spring, the Cardiovascular Inquiry Seminar Series (CISS) is a program in which the events are focused on cardiology. These programs provide the following opportunities:
Additional programs include:
Writing Workshop – this program is designed to help supplement the CSSM students’ education in reading comprehension and writing skills to prepare the students for college applications
MD Education Plan – this program will provide a mentoring opportunity for CSSM students to help them realize their career goals and develop strategies to meet those goals.
SAT Tutoring - this is a SAT test prep course offered to CSSM students on Saturdays by CWRU medical students.
H3P League of Scholars - the H3P League of Scholars is an H3P sponsored club that was created to serve the needs of the CSSM student body who have been a part of the H3P throughout their high school career. They have a website that details their events and has news updates.
Sopko Research Program - this program serves highly motivated CSSM sophomores who want to learn more about reading and writing in a scientific research setting.
International Brain Bee - CSSM students compete in the International Brain Bee competition under the guidance of a CWRU medical student’s instruction through after school classes and tutoring sessions.
Edwards Scholarship.
The Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation has created the Edwards Scholarship. This 8-year full-ride scholarship will be given to one student from CSSM to attend CWRU and CWRU School of Medicine.
The foundation has committed to an initial investment of $10 million to $12 million for an endowment that will fund at least one of the mega-scholarships every year, beginning in 2011. CWRU will provide free room and board. Eventually, the endowment could grow to support more than one annual award.

</doc>
<doc id="31132925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132925" title="Beatrice Tonnesen">
Beatrice Tonnesen

Beatrice Tonnesen (January 24, 1871 - May 12, 1958) was an American artist and photographer based in Chicago, Illinois from approximately 1896 - 1930. She is credited with having pioneered the use of photographs of live models in print advertising. In addition, her photos, and illustrations by leading artists based on her photos, were widely used in the calendar art of the era.
Early life.
Beatrice Tonnesen was born June 24, 1871 in Winneconne, Wisconsin to Tonnes Tonnesen and Mary Sumner Tonnesen. Beatrice, who was hearing impaired, studied photography under Cook Ely, Oshkosh, Wisconsin's leading photographer of the day, and at the Oshkosh Normal School. Tonnes Tonnesen was an immigrant from Norway, and one of the representative pioneer business men of Winnebago County, Wisconsin. Mary Sumner Tonnesen was a direct descendant of William Sumner of Bicester, England, who came to New England in 1636 and settled in Dorchester, Massachusetts.
Career.
In 1895, Tonnesen opened her first photographic art studio in Menominee, Michigan. While operating that studio, Tonnesen traveled to Chicago and arranged to purchase the business and studio of a prominent society photographer, S.L. Stein, at 1301 Michigan Avenue. Her widowed sister, Clara Tonnesen Kirkpatrick, invested in the project and relocated to Chicago to handle the business aspects of her sister's new venture. Tonnesen quickly became a favorite portrait photographer of many of Chicago's most prominent families, including the Armours, Pullmans, and Palmers. But portrait photography did not remain her only specialty for long. She and her sister Clara soon hit upon an idea that was to revolutionize the world of print advertising. As Tonnesen herself put it in an interview with the "Oshkosh Daily Northwestern" in 1954: "One day we thought up a fine scheme. We would make advertising pictures using live models, which had never been done before." The idea took off, and Tonnesen and her "Famous Tonnesen Models" gained nationwide fame. A 1903 advertisement "Introducing The Famous Tonnesen Models" proclaimed, "We operate the largest Photographic Print establishment in America."
At the same time, Tonnesen was cultivating a specialty in calendar art. Creating photos of appealing family scenes, as well as more risque (for the time) studies of beautiful ingenues and glamorous flappers, Tonnesen sold her work not only to advertisers, but also to publishers and artists. A November 18, 1896 article in The Chicago Daily Tribune titled "Ideas for Dull Artists" outlined the various uses of Tonnesen's photos: Advertisers often used them with little or no alteration; publishers often assigned staff illustrators to embellish or paint them using water color, pastels or oils; and independent artists painted from them, capitalizing on Tonnesen's talent for posing and composition, in order to meet the demands of the rapidly expanding art publishing trade. Two of the era's more successful calendar artists, R. Atkinson Fox (1860–1935) and Homer S. Nelson (no dates), who specialized in romanticized depictions of Indian maidens, are among artists known to have painted from Tonnesen's photos. 
Her very early work was signed "Tonnesen Sisters." But throughout most of her career, because she sold so much of her work to others for their own use, her name or signature seldom appeared on the final product. Those relatively few pieces which she painted from her own photographs were signed "Beatrice Tonnesen," and can still be found on calendars from approximately 1900-1930. Although she is known to have taken thousands of images throughout her career, no original glass plate negatives have ever been located. Small collections of original photos, paintings and prints are all that are known to remain. Most of the original photos are located at the Oshkosh Public Museum and the Winneconne Historical Society. Some few art researchers, relatives of persons associated with Tonnesen during her career, and historians are known to have collections, and a digital collection is retained at the Beatrice Tonnesen website. Her personal scrapbook was restored for the Oshkosh Public Museum and made available for study.
Other Innovations.
In addition to creating the first photographs of live models for print advertising and supplying the robust calendar trade of the era with decorative artwork, Tonnesen was an inventor. She is known to have patented a sewing machine cabinet and a holder for long-stem flowers. She also developed a photographic means to produce silhouette portraits and a process for creating sculptures she called "Mars Ware" from furnace clinkers. A 1949 documentary "Unusual Occupations" featured Tonnesen and her Mars Ware.
Later life.
In 1930, Tonnesen, who never married, closed her studio in Chicago and moved back to Winneconne Wisconsin, where she shared her sister Clara's home until Clara's death in 1944. By the early 1950s, she was living in Oshkosh, Wisconsin at the St. Mary's Home, where she continued to pursue her art interests, creating jewelry and sculptures. She died there on May 12, 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="31132929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132929" title="Section 50C of the Isle of Man Income Tax Act 1970">
Section 50C of the Isle of Man Income Tax Act 1970

Section 50C of the Isle of Man Income Tax Act 1970 is an Act of Tynwald (the Parliament of the Isle of Man) which created a new type of pension arrangement, adding to the Isle of Man’s existing local and international pension legislation. Pension schemes approved under 50C met the applicable HMRC regulations on Qualifying Recognised Overseas Pension Schemes (QROPS) until 5 April 2012 when the regulations changed.
Background.
In the period following A-day, the new UK pension framework introduced by the Finance Act 2004 led many more British expatriates to transfer their UK (occupational and personal) pensions to overseas pension schemes (termed QROPS) approved for this purpose. A small number of international finance centres quickly became popular with specialist pension providers seeking to establish QROPS. The Isle of Man, whilst a popular centre, with many schemes approved on the QROPS list, was not initially the most attractive QROPS location, because the existing Isle of Man pensions tax framework meant that pensions payable from Manx pension schemes were, in many cases, subject to Isle of Man income tax at source. This was uncompetitive compared to some other QROPS centres whose schemes could, by exemption or otherwise, pay pensions gross, without deduction of tax. The new 50C legislation was introduced into Isle of Man law on 22 October 2010, to create a new pensions taxation framework specifically designed to satisfy the QROPS requirements, and to permit the payment of pension and other benefits free of Isle of Man tax, and in doing so to position the Isle of Man as the premier centre for QROPS business.
Overview.
The new legislation was introduced by Order under section 15 of the Income Tax Act 1995. The Income Tax (Pensions) (Temporary Taxation) Order 2010 (SD 807/10) amended the Income Tax Act 1970 by inserting a new section 50C headed "50C Relief for certain personal and occupational pension schemes."
The main characteristics of a 50C scheme are: 
Where there is reference above to “tax-relieved funds”, this is interpreted by the Assessor of Income Tax, in the context of transfers in, to be synonymous with the value of the fund transferred in. So the 50C requirement to designate at least 70% of tax-relieved funds for pension means at least 70% of transfer values received must provide a pension. This is precisely the same requirement as that which exists under UK QROPS rules (SI 2006/206). In other words, at least 70% of the transfer value into a 50C QROPS must provide a pension for life. The remainder can therefore be paid as a retirement lump sum.
Any members of a QROPS who are resident or recently resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes will be subject to member payment charges. So the maximum lump sum under a 50C scheme should be restricted to 25% of fund value if the member is subject to member payment charges, otherwise the excess would be an unauthorised member payment.
The 50C legislation was officially reviewed by HMRC to ascertain if the legislation meets with the requirements set by HMRC to be a QROP scheme. On 24 June 2011, HMRC wrote to the Isle of Man Assessor of Income Tax to confirm that schemes approved under 50C were capable of meeting the QROPS criteria set by HMRC, signalling the official end to QROPS review.
In December 2011, HMRC announced a change to QROPS regulations and, following consultation, revised regulations were brought in effective 6 April 2012 by SI 2012/884. The amended regulations introduced a new “benefits exemption test” for overseas schemes whose pensions are not taxed in the overseas country – that if benefits are not subject to tax, then the same tax break has to apply for local residents as it does for non-residents. To quote HMRC, the new test “removes the distortion that makes a scheme more attractive for non-residents than residents from a tax perspective”. Isle of Man 50C schemes do not pass the new test – because 50C pensions are subject to tax in the case of Isle of Man residents – and so 10 Isle of Man schemes fell off the official QROPS list when it was first re-published by HMRC after 6 April 2012. Nonetheless 173 Isle of Man QROPS remain.
The implications however were much larger for Guernsey-based QROPS. Notwithstanding a change in Guernsey pensions legislation in order to attempt to comply with the new QROPS regulations, over 300 Guernsey QROPS were removed from the 12 April 2012 HMRC official list, leaving just 3. The reason for the cull of Guernsey schemes from the QROPS list remains unclear in the absence of any official HMRC statement.

</doc>
<doc id="31132943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132943" title="Ghatigaon Sanctuary">
Ghatigaon Sanctuary

Ghatigaon Sanctuary (also known as the Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary) is a wildlife sanctuary situated near Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh, India. The sanctuary has a significant population of the Great Indian Bustard. The park was established in 1981.
Flora.
The sanctuary houses many varieties of flora. Some include the Khair, Murjan, Palash, Seja, Dhawada, Royenja, Ghote, Beweg, Dhaman, Salai, Heans, and Katli
Fauna.
The sanctuary is home to a significant number of Great Indian Bustards. The sanctuary also is a home to the Black buck, Chital, Monkey, Wolf, Blue bull, Wild boar, Fox and Hyena.

</doc>
<doc id="31132946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132946" title="Oropioi">
Oropioi

Oropioi () is a former municipality in East Attica, Greece. Population 8,674 (2001). The seat of the municipality was in the town Skala Oropou. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Oropos, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipality Oropioi consisted of the municipal districts Oropos, Nea Palatia and Skala Oropou.

</doc>
<doc id="31132952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132952" title="Skipton Business Finance">
Skipton Business Finance

Skipton Business Finance is a UK factoring and Invoice discounting company, founded and based in Skipton, North Yorkshire. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Skipton Building Society.
2007 Loan fund to SMEs.
The Telegraph reported that, in late 2007, Skipton Business Finance had created a £25million credit line, to aide new businesses in the north of England that had at least £2million sales.
2010 EFG Scheme.
Skipton Business Finance was chosen by the UK government to be included as one of the lenders on the Enterprise Finance Guarantee, a UK government guaranteed scheme. It was intended to enable banks to lend to viable small businesses that are unable to provide the security that the bank would otherwise require. 
This scheme enables businesses with a turnover of up to £25million to be able to access loans from companies such as Skipton Business Finance, 75% of the loan of which is guaranteed by the UK government.
2012 Record first half year.
The Yorkshire Post reported that Skipton Business Finance had seen a 50% increase in deals over the first six months of 2012, a record for the invoice finance provider.
2013 Expansion.
It was reported in the Derbyshire press that Skipton Business Finance had expanded its reach further into the East Midlands through the recruitment of new staff, following an increase in regional businesses requiring invoice finance.

</doc>
<doc id="31132958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132958" title="Dean Prior">
Dean Prior

Dean Prior is a village and civil parish near the A38 road, in the South Hams district, in the county of Devon, England. It is located near the village of Buckfastleigh. Dean Prior has a church called St George Martyr, Dean Prior, where the seventeenth-century poet Robert Herrick was twice vicar, and is buried in an unmarked grave.
References.
The Church of St George The Martyr website

</doc>
<doc id="31132964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132964" title="Melbourne Harlequins">
Melbourne Harlequins

The Melbourne Harlequins Rugby Union Club is an Australian rugby union team. Originally membership was restricted to people born in Britain, but this restriction has since been lifted. Although Rugby is the main sport, the club still plays friendly cricket, golf and darts. 
History.
The Melbourne Harlequins club was formed by a group of expatriate British and Irish living in Melbourne. The first event was a cricket match in 1929 between the Sydney Bohemians and the Melbourne Harlequins, The Harlequins team consisted of five club members plus six members of the MCC party (including Jack Hobbs and Patsy Hendren) who were in Australia for the Ashes whilst the Sydney Bohemians had seven Harlequins and five members of the Australian team. The first rugby match was not until the next year (1929). 
Initially, the playing record was poor in the first three seasons. This record improved after the war and in 1948 the club undertook its first interstate tour to play the Hobart Harlequins. This was so successful that the “Jersey Match” was played each year between the two clubs. From 1949 to 1994 matches were played annually, with the prize being an old Melbourne Harlequins Jersey, the venue alternating between Melbourne and Hobart.
Club colours.
According to the constitution the club colours are Black, Maroon, Sage Green and Pale Blue. These have been further defined very specifically by the club as being:

</doc>
<doc id="31132969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132969" title="Mangold v Helm">
Mangold v Helm

Mangold v Helm (2005) C-144/04 was a case before the European Court of Justice (ECJ). 
Facts.
Mangold was a 56-year-old German man employed on a fixed term contract in a permanent full-time job. According to German law, fixed term contracts are unlawful unless they can be objectively justified. However, if the employee is over 52, that requirement does not apply.
Judgment.
The ECJ held in its judgment the German law contravened the Employment Equality Framework Directive, even though it did not have to be implemented until the end of 2006. It said that, in general terms, legislation that lets employers treat people differently because of their age “offends the principle” in international law of eliminating discrimination on the basis of age. The ECJ ruled that national courts must set aside any provision of national law which conflicts with the directive even before the period for implementation has expired.
Significance.
Because it recognised that equal treatment is a general principle of EU law, "Mangold v Helm" is significant for three critical reasons. First, it means that a claim for equal treatment is available for private citizens on a horizontal direct effect basis. It is unnecessary to wait for a Directive to have been implemented before making a claim to have caused discrimination. Second, it means that member state and EU legislation, like Directives, may be challenged on the ground that they fail to comply with the general principle of equal treatment. Third, because the court did not limit its remarks to the particular grounds of discrimination presently found in the equal treatment Directives (on sex, race, and disability, belief, sexual orientation and age) it follows that claims against unjustified discrimination on the basis of other characteristics may be possible (such as caste, education, property or military service). It would be likely to reflect the jurisprudence from the European Convention on Human Rights, where article 14 which lists similar grounds to those already in the EU Directives but also adds "or other status".

</doc>
<doc id="31132981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132981" title="Cynthia Stokes Brown">
Cynthia Stokes Brown

Cynthia Stokes Brown (born 1938) is an educator-historian. She earned her BA at Duke University in history (summa cum laude) and her M.A.T. and Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University in the history of education with fellowships from the American Association of University Women and the Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation. After teaching tenth-grade world history for two years and living in northeast Brazil for two years with the Peace Corps, Brown directed the single-subject credential program at Dominican University of California at San Rafael from 1982-1992. She taught full-time in both the history and education departments until 2001, when she retired from full-time teaching to write "Big History: From the Big Bang to the Present". Using the term big history, coined by David Christian at Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia, Brown told the whole story from the big bang to the present in simple, non-academic language to convey our common humanity and our connection to every other part of the natural world. Teaching part-time after 2001, Brown pioneered the teaching of big history at Dominican University of California, where it is now a required course for every incoming freshman. She currently serves as a founding board member of the International Big History Association (IBHA).
Brown was an American Book Award recipient in 1987 for "Ready From Within: Septima Clark and the Civil Rights Movement".

</doc>
<doc id="31132986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132986" title="Dryopteris crinalis">
Dryopteris crinalis

Dryopteris crinalis is a species of fern known as the serpent woodfern. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known from the main islands.
There are at least two varieties. The var. "podosorus" was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 2010. There are three populations on Kauai, for a total of no more than 47 individual plants. The fern grows on walls of basalt in wet forests.

</doc>
<doc id="31132988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31132988" title="Minuscule 850 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 850 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 850 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Κι20 (von Soden), is a 12th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript has no complex context.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of John (7:25-10:18) on 381 parchment leaves (size ), with a catena. The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page.
The biblical text is surrounded by a catena, the commentary is of Cyril's authorship.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
History.
F. H. A. Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 10th century, C. R. Gregory dated it to the 12th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 12th century.
The manuscript once belonged to the Jesuits Collegium in Paris as a gift from Octavio Bulgarini. Then belonged to Barberini. Minuscule 849 (17th century) probably was rewritten from this manuscript.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (729e) and Gregory (850e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library (Barb. gr. 504), in Rome.

</doc>
