<doc id="31097147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097147" title="Ziridava">
Ziridava

Ziridava ("Ziridaua", ) was a Dacian town located between Apulon and Tibiscum, mentioned by Ptolemy in the area of the Dacian tribe of Biephi (today's Romania, Banat region).
Ancient sources.
Ptolemy's Geographia.
Ziridava is mentioned in Ptolemy's Geographia (c. 140) in the form Ziridaua () as an important town in western Dacia, at latitude 48° N and longitude 46° 30' E (note that he used a different meridian and some of his calculations were off). Ptolemy completed his work soon after Trajan's Dacian Wars, as a result of which parts of Dacia were incorporated into the Roman Empire as the new Dacia province. However, he based his work on older sources like Marinus of Tyre, as Ziridava is believed to be have destroyed during the war.
Tabula Peutingeriana.
Unlike many other Dacian towns mentioned by Ptolemy, Ziridava is missing from Tabula Peutingeriana (1st –4th century), an itinerarium showing the "cursus publicus", the road network in the Roman Empire.
This prompted the Danish philologist and historian Gudmund Schütte to assume that Ziridava and Zurobara are one and the same. This idea is deemed erroneous alongside with many other assumed duplications of names, by the Romanian historian and archaeologist Vasile Pârvan in his work "Getica". Pârvan reviewed all localities mentioned in Ptolemy's Geographia, analyzing and verifying all data available to him at the time. He points out that "Ziri" and "Zuro" (meaning "water") are the roots of two different Geto-Dacian words. Additionally, Ptolemy provided different coordinates for the two towns, some medieval maps created based on his Geographia depict two distinct towns.
Etymology.
In the Dacian (North Thracian) language "dava" means city, town, fortress.
Vasile Pârvan considers that the form "Ziri-" is the same with a form "Giri-" (cf. Zermi and Germi). "Ziri-" corresponds to the Proto-Indo-European root ǵʰel- 'to shine, gold' so that "Ziridava" means ""The gold fortress"".
Location.
Since no inscription have been found to date, Ziridava is hypothetically located at one of the following sites in Banat (Western Romania):
Cenad.
Based on his analysis of Ptolemy's Geographia and previously recorded data, Vasile Pârvan
points out that Ptolemy had placed Ziridava in the extreme west of Dacia, near the middle Tisa River and identifies it, hypothetically, with the modern city of Cenad (Timiş), situated on the left bank of the Mureş River, where Roman relics were found.
In 1868, in the middle of the old Cenad village, while digging the foundations of the new church, a variety of Roman objects were found, including bricks, many stamped with Legio XIII Gemina (CIL, III, 1629, 1018, 8065), a sarcophagus fragment, a fragmentary stone inscription (CIL, III, 6272) and a denarius of Faustina. Later on, during various civil works, other Roman archaeological materials were discovered: weights, tiles, coins of the emperors Claudius Gothicus, Aurelian, Marcus Aurelius Probus and Constantius Caesar ("which one?"), ceramic fragments, capitals of columns, brooches, etc. Until now no systematic excavations have been made within the village however. Based on material discovered accidentally at Cenadul Mare ("Big Cenad"), it is assumed that a Roman castra existed there, probably having the mission to supervise the transport on Mureş River.
By contrast with the abundant Roman archaeological material, until date only a few Dacian pottery fragments were discovered accidentally and there is no information about the exact location of the findings. The fragments are preserved in the Museum of Banat in Timişoara.
Pecica.
A Geto-Dacian walled city dating to Burebista's reign (82-44 BC) has been discovered at the archaeological site called "Şanţul Mare" (The Big Ditch), 7 km from Pecica.
Archaeologist Ion Horaţiu Crişan was very involved with the research at Pecica and placed Ziridava at this location with a high degree of certainty. He wrote a book named "Ziridava - The digs from "Șanțul Mare" from 1960, 1961, 1962, 1964", focused on the archaeological digs performed in 1960s at this ancient city.
The site is a long lived tell settlement of the Bronze Age. At least 16 archaeological horizons have been distinguished, starting with the Neolithic and ending with the Feudal Age (since 12th century a cemetery existed in this place) and with one of the clearest sequence of pottery development in Banat. A large collection of stone molds for metallurgy was found, along with inhumation cemeteries containing rich grave goods of gold, bronze and faience and amber beads. The most important layers belong to the Bronze Age Pecica culture and the Dacian times.
"Șanțul Mare" is a mound located on the right bank of Mureş river, with an oval shape measuring 120 m in length and 60–70 m in width. The long axis of the mound has a north-east-west orientation, being parallel with the course of the river. The mound is part of a fluvial terrace, which was separated by a huge moat surrounding it on all sides, with the exception of the east-south-east side. There, a steep slope is separating it from the terrace through which the Mureş flows today. Because of this unique location, the mound is heavily fortified, but it is not yet known whether it was naturally separated from the rest of the terrace by an older arm of the river or this type of fortification was done by people, artificially.
History of archaeological site.
The earliest research at "Şanţul Mare" was done in 1870 by Iosif Hampel and Floris Romer from National Antiquities Museum, Budapest and proved the extraordinary importance of the tell. The amateur archaeologist Ladislau Dömötör, a painting professor at a high school in Arad, continued with digs in 1898—1900, 1901 and 1902, and the majority of known Dacian artifacts, until new excavations started in 1960s, came from these efforts. The findings were numerous and significant, however the research was poorly documented and most of these materials have remained unpublished. The artifacts are kept at the Arad Museum Complex.
In 1910 a new campaign was started by the Cluj-based archaeologist Martin Roska, a pioneer of scientific archeology and the first that helped to clarify the chronological and cultural classification of the various horizons captured here. The excavations of 1910-1911, 1923 and 1924 identified a substantial dwelling of Middle Bronze Age with 16 horizons, the Mureş culture (originally called Periam-Pecica). The reports reviewed mostly Bronze Age strata, but also that of the Middle Copper Age.
Dorin Popescu also probed the site in 1943, and after validating the chronological horizons identified by Roska, he drew attention to some remains of La Tène Period and Migration Period.
Despite many Dacian material findings, all previous campaigns focused on the Bronze Age. That, and the fact that previous research was amateurish or poorly documented, triggered new major excavations in 1960s under the leadership of archaeologist Ion Horaţiu Crişan, together with Egon Dörner. The new excavations at Pecica have proved the existence on the fortified plateau of a large Dacian settlement with two different habitation horizons, as well as of a cemetery from 11th-13th century. The institutions that participated between 1960 and 1964 in research included the Institute of History and Archaeology, Cluj-Napoca, Arad Museum, Babeş-Bolyai University and the Institute of Medicine and Pharmacy, Cluj-Napoca.
Since 2005 the investigations were resumed at the site after a significant grant was obtained from the National Science Foundation (USA), following a project by Arad Museum Complex in partnership with Museum of Banat and University of Michigan. The research objectives included deepening the dig to the sterile areas excavated in the previous campaign and further site study. A detailed topographic map of the tell neighborhoods has also been created. The team included: George Pascu Hurezan - Scientific Lead (Arad Museum Complex), Florin Drașovean, Alexandru Szentmiklosi (Museum of Banat), John M. O'Shea, Sarah Sherwood (University of Michigan), Alex W. Barker (University of Missouri).
In 2008, deepening continued within the same area (10 x 10 m) and the Middle Bronze Age layer was reached, the goal being the identification of residential structures from that horizon.
Findings.
The older Dacian horizon, identified in 1960s and named by Crișan "Dacian I", was roughly dated between 2nd and 1st centuries BC, but the evidence is scarce. Findings include a polished black fruit bowl worked by the hand, of a type missing from the recent layer, a bowl in Hallstatt style and a fragment of fibula belonging to a variant of "Nauheim" type. A significant amount of grey pottery worked on the wheel and similar with that in newer layer was also discovered, which hints to the fact that this layer cannot be much older than the recent one. There doesn't appear to be an interruption in the habitation between the two layers and it is likely that the settlement has been destroyed by an attack and then rebuilt.
The last and most recent Dacian horizon, "Dacian II", is assumed to have existed between 1st century BC and 2nd century AD. The evidence supporting this includes a variety of pottery and coins. In this layer, there were discovered two Roman Republican silver denarii, one issued in 46-45 BC and the other in 43 BC. A silver denarius of Emperor Trajan (c. 106 AD) was also discovered in the autumn of 1961.
The pottery discovered in this horizon is of fine, gray type, worked predominantly with the wheel. It has the appearance of La Tène III period ceramics, dated 1st century BC - 1st century AD. The imported Roman pottery appears to be completely missing, which might imply that this settlement has not lasted too long in our era. Another discovery in this horizon includes a large red pot, worked at the wheel, with lips in steps, and which has perfect analogues in the ceramics from Sarmizegetusa (Grădiştea Muncelului), already dated between 1st century BC and 1st century AD.
On the plateau within the fortifications have been discovered several rectangular buildings, one of them with a round apse. The walls were made of wooden stakes barraged with rods and stitched together with clay. The buildings were covered with reeds and other types of straws. The floor was made of yellow clay, well pressed. The buildings were very close to each other, sometimes the distance between them being only 1 m.
In the summer of 1962 there have been several surveys to verify the surrounding plain, in the vicinity of the mound, outside the ditch. These surveys have shown that the Dacian settlement was not limited to the plateau surrounded by the ditch, but it was spread out in the open field nearby. The plateau was the only fortified point of the settlement, while by contrast, the outside dwellings were mud huts partially carved into the earth, and having a very poor inventory of objects. This is a sure proof of the existence of social stratification, with the wealthy (tarabostes) staying on the hillock, while the hovels of the free men (comati) lay in the surrounding areas.
In one of the buildings were uncovered crucibles for molten liquid metal, clay molds, an anvil of iron, small bronze chisels, several small objects like fibulae, metal ornaments, buckles, mirrors, buttons, etc. Based on these objects, it is assumed that the building belonged to a craftsman involved with the manufacturing of small items, most likely a jeweler.
Another important discovery was a small round sanctuary with the diameter of 7 m. The sanctuary is composed of a central hearth, perhaps used for offerings, surrounded by thick but not very deep pillars, made of wood. Particularly interesting is the succession of pillars, namely six round pillars followed by a larger rectangular pillar, which closely resembles the large round sanctuary on the terrace of Sarmizegetusa, which was serving as a sanctuary-calendar.
A Dacian workshop has been discovered with equipment for minting coins along with evidence of bronze, silver, and iron working that suggests a broad-spectrum of metal-smithing. Anvils in the shape of massive truncated pyramids were found in the workshop with heights between 0.14 and 0.15 m and weights between 6.85 and 7.65 kg.
The excavations in 2005 have identified the Dacian and Late Bronze Age layers, and recovered charred remains of grains, animal bones and parts from a metal workshop.
During the excavations, numerous storage pits for grains were found both on plateau and outside it, many of them showing a high quality work. This indicates that the main occupation of the inhabitants during the Dacian period was agriculture. The animal bones discovered show that another important activity was raising cattle and in a lesser extent, hunting. Trades are also well represented as the discovered workshops proves.The settlement was also an economic center characterized by commodity production, evidenced by the well equipped jewelry workshop. The presence of domestic and foreign merchants is attested by numerous import items.
All evidence indicates that the large Dacian settlement at Pecica, was most likely the center of a tribe or of a tribal union, integrated into the Dacian state. The fortified center flourished during the age of the incipient slave-owning Dacian state (1st century BC - 1st century AD). The settlement size and development level sets it aside as a Dacian oppida, similar to Piroboridava (Poiana) and Argedava (Popeşti).
It is believed that during Trajan's 101–106 AD Dacian Wars, the settlement was destroyed, although it is located outside the newly incorporated Dacia province. Being situated however, by the Mureş River, near the newly created Roman border, it is likely to have been destroyed by them. In any case it is certain that it ended by a violent fire whose traces are visible everywhere and it never been inhabited after the 2nd century AD. It is likely that because of this, unlike other towns with Dacian names, this settlement is no longer mentioned by the Roman itineraries like Tabula Peutingeriana.
However Dacian and Sarmatian communities continued to live in the region, being strictly surveilled by the Romans. During the Migration Period (3rd-10th century) the territory between the Tisa, Crişul Alb and Mureş was successively dominated by Sarmatians, Goths, Huns, Gepidae, Avars and Slavs.
During medieval times (11th-13th century) the location of the settlement was used as a cemetery promontory, as shown by the multitude of graves and human skeletons discovered in a younger layer, during most archaeological campaigns.
The Department of Archaeology at the Arad Museum Complex has a wide range of artifacts from the Dacian settlements and fortifications from the lower Mureş and Crişul Alb valleys, including Pecica. At least 3,000 artifacts from all periods are coming from the archaeological discoveries at "Şanţul Mare".
Cladova.
On the other hand, at Cladova, Arad County a number of Roman stamped bricks were found in the place where it is believed that it was Ziridava.
Archaeologist George Pascu Hurezan noted that at Cladova was also discovered a new sealing ring.
Zărand.
Another hypothesis suggests that Ziridava was located at Zărand, Arad County, by the bay of Crişul Alb River.
Arad.
It is also believed that Ziridava fortress is located in Arad, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="31097157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097157" title="Edgars Piksons">
Edgars Piksons

Edgars Piksons (born in Cēsis on ) is a Latvian biathlete who began competing in 1996. He represented Latvia at the 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics. At Biathlon World Championships 2011 he got 8th place in sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="31097163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097163" title="Wamanrao Muranjan High School">
Wamanrao Muranjan High School

Wamanrao Muranjan Madhyamik Vidyalaya is a Marathi language school in Mulund, Maharashtra, India. Established in 1955 it is the largest school in Mulund(E.). It was established and is run by "Raosaheb Balaram Dnyandev Thakur Vidyamandir" Institute. Recently a new large building called "Shardanilayam Sankul" was built near "Neelamnagar". The new building has improved laboratories and a gym. In July 2009 Wamanrao Muranjan College of Science and Commerce was started; it is also known as WMMV by its ex students!
The Institution.
Wamanrao runs both Marathi and English medium school. The junior and senior kindergarten classes for marathi medium are taken in Bal Vikas Mandir while the marathi medium primary school is named as Lokmanya Prathamic Vidyalaya. The English medium school is called as Vidya Prabhodhini English School. Both marathi and English school had constantly been producing good results in both academics and extra curriculum. School also has a play group called Happy Day Play Group for little kids.
Wamanrao Muranjan Junior colleges first academic year started on 15 July 2009. First year saw three divisions of XI commerce comprising 258 students and one division of XII commerce with 59 students and two divisions of science comprising 123 students and 29 students in XII science respectively. College conducts 3 exams year. Cultural and sports festivals are celebrated in the college.
Academics.
Along with theoretical knowledge school focuses on giving practical expertise on all subjects to its students. It has 5 laboratories of each department each of area used by both school and college students. The laboratories are equipped with excellent apparatus and other accessories required for conducting experiments in an ideal manner.For students in technical knowledge college has started electronics vocational branch and has labs enriched by the recent additions of modern equipment in Electronics etc. as required by the new syllabus. School has a library with va diverse collection of books, periodicals and audio-visual CD's. The overall result of the first batch of XIIth std. Science was 86.20% and for commerce it was 74.57% with the percentage increasing.
Extra-Curriculum.
The school provides a number of extra-curricular programmes.The Gymkhana concentrates on a number of Indoor and Outdoor games and such other activities as the Fine Arts in participating in the Youth Festival. The debating Union provides opportunity for the students to participate in various debating and elocution competitions. A Gymnasium is available for students. It is well set up with modern equipment and is at the disposal of the students for enrichment of their physical culture. The Gymnasium also two tables for playing table tennis and two carrom boards. Initially the school did not have its on playground and sports day had to be carried out on Railway Protection Forces ground, but now the school has a large playground in front of its main building and students can play and enjoy cricket, football and all kind of other games on that ground.
Sports.
The school played its first Giles and Harris Shield (Cricket) in 2005-2006. Ms Raunak Ghag, Ms Tanmay Parulekar were some of the players who played the first tournament under the guidance and coaching of Mr Pande who is the teacher of Physical Training in the school. Besides Cricket the school has won many reputed inter-school Competitions in Hand Ball, Football. Ms Madhura Athale, student of WMMV is professional mallakhamb Player who has played at the national level.
Famous Students.
Nitin Chandrakant Desai, is a noted Indian art director and production designer of Indian cinema turned film and television producer
Arjun Military Academy.
In year 2008 under the respected Major Gawand Sir’s guidance Arjun military Academy Started. Initially it was only for 6th & 7th class students but as this was the first year 8th class students also enrolled. Total strength of the Academy was 96 students. Classes are carried out only on the Sunday Morning between 7 to 10. Daily Exercise, Parade, marching, Rescue techniques, first-aid, Rappelling, river crossing, trekking is the scope of the coarse. The Team stood first in Kasber Academy’s Parade and has achieved many other honours. 

</doc>
<doc id="31097172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097172" title="Immanuel Presbyterian Church">
Immanuel Presbyterian Church

Immanuel Presbyterian Church can refer to:<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31097186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097186" title="Volodymyr Konovalchuk">
Volodymyr Konovalchuk

Volodymyr Dmytrovych Konovalchuk (; born 23 November 1965) was a Ukrainian football midfielder.
Career.
Konovalchuk began playing football in the Soviet Top League for FC Shakhtar Donetsk. In 1992, he joined FC Kremin Kremenchuk for the first season of the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="31097201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097201" title="Jiří Fleišman">
Jiří Fleišman

Jiří Fleišman (born 2 October 1984) is a Czech football defender currently playing for FC Slovan Liberec.

</doc>
<doc id="31097204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097204" title="Anne of Orléans, Abbess of Fontevraud">
Anne of Orléans, Abbess of Fontevraud

Anne d'Orléans (1464–1491, Poitiers) was the youngest child of Charles, Duke of Orléans and Maria of Cleves. Her only brother became king Louis XII of France in 1498.
Anne became abbess of Fontevraud in 1477. This was an abbey in which both monks and nuns lived, but was always ruled by an abbess. She continued the work of her predessecor Marie de Bretagne in reforming the order.

</doc>
<doc id="31097205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097205" title="2011 Montedio Yamagata season">
2011 Montedio Yamagata season

The 2011 Montedio Yamagata season is Montedio Yamagata's third consecutive season in J. League Division 1. It also includes the 2011 J. League Cup, and the 2011 Emperor's Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31097211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097211" title="Laval municipal election, 2009">
Laval municipal election, 2009

The 2009 Laval municipal election took place on November 1, 2009, to elect a mayor and city councillors in Laval, Quebec.
Gilles Vaillancourt was elected to a sixth term as mayor, and his municipal party won every seat on city council.
Results.
"Source: Résultants 2009; Élections municipales 2009; Affairs municipales, Régions et Occupation du territoire, Government of Quebec."

</doc>
<doc id="31097224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097224" title="2011 Omiya Ardija season">
2011 Omiya Ardija season

The 2011 Omiya Ardija season is Omiya Ardija's seventh consecutive season in J. League Division 1. It also includes the 2011 J. League Cup, and the 2011 Emperor's Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31097227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097227" title="Aspergillus sojae">
Aspergillus sojae

Aspergillus sojae is a mold species in the genus "Aspergillus".
In Japan it is used to make the ferment (Kōji) of soy sauce, the mirin and other lacto-fermented condiments like tsukemono. Soy sauce is a condiment produced by fermenting soybeans with "Aspergillus sojae", along with water and salt.
Glyceollins, molecules belonging to the pterocarpans, are found in the soybean ("Glycine max") and have been found to have an antifungal activity against "A. sojae".

</doc>
<doc id="31097233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097233" title="Japanese-Jewish common ancestry theory">
Japanese-Jewish common ancestry theory

The appeared in the 17th century as a hypothesis which claimed the Japanese people were the main part of the ten lost tribes of Israel. A later version portrayed them as descendents of a tribe of Jewish Nestorians. Some versions of the theory applied to the whole population, but others only claimed that a specific group within the Japanese people had descended from Jews.
Tudor Parfitt writes that "the spread of the fantasy of Israelite origin... forms a consistent feature of the Western colonial enterprise", stating,"It is in fact in Japan that we can trace the most remarkable evolution in the Pacific of an imagined Judaic past. As elsewhere in the world, the theory that aspects of the country were to be explained via an Israelite model was introduced by Western agents."
Researcher and author Jon Entine emphasizes that DNA evidence excludes the possibility of significant links between Japanese and Jews.
Origins.
During the Age of Discovery, European explorers attempted to connect many peoples with whom they first came into contact to the Ten Lost Tribes, sometimes in conjunction with attempts to introduce Christian missionaries. The first person to identify the lost tribes with an East Asian nation was João Rodriguez (1561-1634), a Jesuit missionary and interpreter. In 1608, he argued that the both the Japanese and the Chinese descended from the Lost Tribes of Israel. He believed that the Chinese sages Confucius and Lao-tse took their ideas from Judaism. Rodriguez later abandoned this theory. In his "Historia da Igreja do Japão" he argued that Japan was populated in two waves of immigration from the mainland, one group originating from Chekiang, and the other from Korea.
According to Parfitt, "the first full-blown development of the theory was put forward by Nicholas McLeod, a Scot who started his career in the herring industry before he ended up in Japan as a missionary." In 1870 McLeod published "Epitome of the ancient history of Japan" and "Illustrations to the Epitome of the ancient history of Japan", claiming that the Japanese people included descendants of the lost tribes of Israel, who formed the aristocracy and traditional priestly castes. Evidence cited for this theory included similarities between the legends of Emperor Jimmu and Moses, the presence of "Portuguese-Jewish" racial features on some Japanese, and similarities between Shinto and Judaism.
Impact in Japan.
These theories had little impact in Japan, but were translated into Japanese and published in Japan.
However, in 1908, Saeki Yoshiro (1872-1965), a professor at Waseda University, published a book in which he developed a variant on the theory. Yoshiro was an expert on Japanese Nestorianism. Saeki theorised that the Hata clan, which arrived from Korea and settled in Japan in the third century, was a Jewish-Nestorian tribe. According to Ben Ami-Shillony, "Saeki's writings spread the theory about 'the common ancestry of the Japanese and the Jews' ("Nichi-Yu dosoron") in Japan, a theory that was endorsed by some Christian groups."
There is no evidence available, including modern DNA analysis, to support this hypothesis. A recently published study into the genetic origins of Japanese people does not support a genealogical link as put forward by Saeki.
Impact elsewhere.
The Japanese-Jewish common ancestor theory has been seen as one of the attempts by European racial scientists to explain Japan's rapid modernization, in contrast to that of the other "inferior" or "degraded" Asians, especially the Chinese. The theory itself, however, was taken in different directions.
Jews in China.
The same year the book by Saeka on the theory was published an article promoting yet another version of the theory appeared in "Israels's Messenger", a magazine published by the Shanghai Zionist Federation. Whereas McLeod had claimed that the priest caste and ruling class of Japan were descendants of Jews, the article published by the Shanghai group offered a more proletarian version of the theory. Ami-Shillony writes that "Its author claimed, contrary to what McLeod had written, that it was the outcasts of Japan, the Eta (or Ety as the article rendered the term) who were the descendants of Jews.
The author of the article said that, like the Jews in the West, the Japanese Eta were hard working people, especially associated with the shoemaking industry who also lived in ghettos, "not that the Japanese compel them to do so, but they seem to prefer to be isolated from the rest of the population." The author also claimed that the Eta observed Jewish customs: "In the ghetto of Nagasaki, for example, the Ety observe the Sabbath very religiously. Not only do they not work on that day of the week, but they do not smoke nor kindle fires, just like the Orthodox Jews."
According to Ami-Shillony, "This ludicrous and totally groundless story was neither challenged nor refuted in later issues of the magazine."
Christian Zionism.
Ami-Shillony also describes a letter subsequently published by the same magazine, written by Elizabeth A. Gordon, a former lady-in-waiting to Queen Victoria who was also a prominent Christian Zionist. Gordon attempts to link Japan to British Israelism, particularly the view that the British royal family were of Israelite descent. Gordon was well known in Japan, where she was researching Shingon Buddhism, which, she claimed, had Christian origins. In her 1921 letter she adopted a "fantastic chain of reasoning" to prove that "the meeting between the Japanese and British crown princes signified the long-awaited reunion of Judah and Israel." Gordon had some influence at the time in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="31097236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097236" title="PS Tapin">
PS Tapin

PS Tapin or Persatuan Sepakbola Tapin (en: "Football Association of Tapin") is an Indonesian football club based in Tapin Regency, South Kalimantan. Club played at Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31097249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097249" title="Nuko Hifo">
Nuko Hifo

Nuko Hifo is a Tongan rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Early years.
Hifo attended St. Paul's College in New Zealand.
Playing career.
Hifo represented Tonga in the 2000 World Cup. At the time he was playing for Griffith in the Group 20 competition.
In 2008 Hifo was part of the Australian squad in the 2008 Student World Cup. Earlier that year he had played for the Queensland University side. Hifo attended Bond University. That year he also played for the Burleigh Bears in the FOGS Cup.
In 2009 he played for the Southern Kookaburras in the Queensland Rugby League's 'A' Grade State Carnival.

</doc>
<doc id="31097250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097250" title="Bardestan">
Bardestan

Bardestan (; also Romanized as Bardestān; also known as Bardistan and Bardbestān) is a city in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,198, in 1,135 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="31097259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097259" title="2011 Vegalta Sendai season">
2011 Vegalta Sendai season

The 2011 Vegalta Sendai season was Vegalta Sendai's second consecutive season, and fourth overall, in J. League Division 1. It also includes the 2011 J. League Cup, and the 2011 Emperor's Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31097274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097274" title="Pallana">
Pallana

Pallana is a village at the shore of Arabian Sea and it’s also rounded by the river named”River pallana”. Pallana is a nearby village of NH47 (National Highway 47).
The special remark of pallana is, here is the eternal resting place of great poet Mahakavi Kumaran Asan the true representative of cultural renaissance in Kerala who is introduced the new form of poetry called’Khandakavia’ to Malayalam. It is now preserved as 'Asan Smarakom' (Memorial Tomp) by state cultural DepartmentKerela Govt. And there is the school near the tromp it is named Kumaramasan Memorial School(U.P.School).There is a Library and it is also in the memory of the great poet, It houses the books of his poetry. The Asan memorial trust frequently organize'Kaviyarngu' (The meet of poets and literal persons in Malayalam )and also conduct the speeches of famous Malayalam poets.In the name of Ashan there is also a High school named M.K.A.M.H.S Pallana it established in the year 1976.
Pallana is the resting place of the poet Kumaran Asan.

</doc>
<doc id="31097289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097289" title="Perseka Kaimana">
Perseka Kaimana

Perseka stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Kaimana (en: "Football Association of Kaimana"). Perseka Kaimana is an Indonesian football club based in Kaimana, Kaimana Regency, West Papua. The club played at the Liga Indonesia First Division and was promoted to Liga Indonesia Premier Division after winning the 2012 Liga Indonesia First Division (BLAI).

</doc>
<doc id="31097290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097290" title="2011 Kashiwa Reysol season">
2011 Kashiwa Reysol season

The 2011 Kashiwa Reysol season is Kashiwa Reysol's first season in J. League Division 1 since 2009 and 39th overall in the Japanese top flight. It also includes the 2011 J. League Cup, and the 2011 Emperor's Cup.
As a result of their first J. League title win (their second overall counting the 1972 JSL title), they were participants in the 2011 FIFA Club World Cup as Japan were the tournament hosts. Their title win was the first immediate win for a second-tier champion.

</doc>
<doc id="31097335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097335" title="2010–11 Ivy League men's basketball season">
2010–11 Ivy League men's basketball season

The 2010–11 Ivy League men's basketball season marks the continuation of the annual tradition of competitive basketball among Ivy League members that began when the league was formed during the 1956–57 season, continuing from the predecessor Eastern Intercollegiate Basketball League, which was formed in 1902. Following the annual 14-game round robin home & home schedule, Harvard and Princeton tied as co-champion. Princeton earned the conference's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament in a one-game playoff. As conference regular season co-champion, Harvard was invited to the 2011 National Invitation Tournament. Both teams lost their first tournament games.
Preseason.
Entering the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, four of the eight teams had coaches entering their first full season as head coach: Columbia's Kyle Smith, Cornell's Bill Courtney, Dartmouth's Paul Cormier and Penn's Jerome Allen (previously interim). Most preseason publications predicted Princeton would finish in first place and Harvard would finish in second place, although the "Sporting News" projected that would finish in first followed by Princeton and Harvard. Breaking a three-year streak by Cornell, the Ivy League media poll selected Princeton as the top team with twelve first place votes, Harvard second with four first place votes and Cornell third with one first place vote. It was the first Princeton team to be the preseason selection since the .
Season.
Non-conference play began on November 12, 2010. The first conference game took place on January 8, 2011. Although no Ivy League teams appeared in the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings, for a few weeks during the season Harvard received a vote in the AP Poll. When Harvard earned its 20th win on February 19, against Columbia, it marked the eighth time that two Ivy League teams totalled 20 wins. On March 7, Harvard received a vote in both the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. Then, in the final regular season poll on March 13, Princeton received 3 points in the Coaches' Poll.
The conference had two players recognized as Academic All-Americans: senior guard Garrett Leffelman and junior guard Chris Wroblewski.
Harvard's Oliver McNally concluded his season with a 100 for 108 (92.6%) Free throw percentage mark second to Chris Warren of the Ole Miss Rebels who led with a 168 for 181 (92.8%) mark.
On March 5, Harvard clinched a share of the league championship for the first time since the Ivy League was formed. On March 8, Princeton defeated Penn to force a one-game playoff at the Payne Whitney Gymnasium at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. The matchup was widely anticipated in the press.
Postseason.
Prior to the game both teams received championship trophies. Princeton prevailed in the playoff with a final score of 63–62, on a last-second jump shot from Douglas Davis. This earned them the conference's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament for being the regular season champion. The 2011 one-game playoff was the eighth in Ivy League history. Princeton appeared for the eighth time, and have won at least a share of twenty-six league titles.
Entering selection Sunday (March 13), Harvard ranked 35th in the Ratings Percentage Index (RPI) and Princeton ranked 40th. Princeton was a #13 Seed in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, while Harvard was not selected. Unfortunately, neither of Harvard's quality wins (against Colorado and Boston College) helped them because both teams were left out of the NCAA tournament and relegated to number one seed status in the NIT tournament. As a regular season champion not invited to the NCAA tournament, Harvard earned an automatic selection for the 2011 National Invitation Tournament, where they were seeded #6. On March 15, Harvard was defeated by by a 71–54 margin in the first round. It was the school's first appearance in the National Invitation Tournament. Princeton lost its opening game against the Kentucky Wildcats by a 59–57 margin on a last second layup.
Honors.
In season.
Each week the Ivy League selects a player of the week and a rookie of the week.
Postseason honors.
The league selected its postseason awards on March 9.<br>
Player of the Year: Keith Wright, Harvard (Jr., F, Suffolk, VA)<br>
Defensive Player of the Year: Kareem Maddox, Princeton (Sr., F, Oak Park, CA)<br>
Rookie of the Year: Sean McGonagill, Brown (Fr., G, Brookfield, IL)<br>
All-Ivy League (ALL CAPS: Unanimous)<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31097339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097339" title="Tarapuram">
Tarapuram

Tarapuram or Tharapuram () is a Village and Gram panchayat in Ramabhadrapuram mandal of Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is located about 2 kilometers from Ramabhadrapuram, on the National Highway 43 between Ramabhadrapuram and Salur town. 

</doc>
<doc id="31097343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097343" title="La bottega dell'orefice">
La bottega dell'orefice

"La bottega dell'orefice" is a 1989 film based on "The Jeweler's Shop", a play written by Karol Wojtyla (Pope John Paul II) and scripted by Jeff Andrus, starring Burt Lancaster and directed by Michael Anderson.
Plot.
In this romantic story The Jeweller (Burt Lancaster) sells wedding rings to a young couple and teaches them some precious truths about the meaning of love and marriage. The jeweller also helps another couple to fight for their troubled marriage, rebuilding their relationship. The reborn love between this second couple teaches their daughter that a loving marriage is possible, and she eventually accepts the marriage proposal from the first couple's son.

</doc>
<doc id="31097369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097369" title="Permanent Representative to the United Nations">
Permanent Representative to the United Nations

A Permanent Representative (sometimes called a "UN ambassador") is the head of a diplomatic mission to the United Nations Organization (or United Nations, UN). Of these, the most high-profile UN Permanent Representatives are those assigned to headquarters in New York City (U.S.). However, member states also appoint Permanent Representatives to the other UN offices in Geneva (Switzerland), Vienna (Austria), and Nairobi (Kenya).
Many countries, including the United States, call their UN Permanent Representatives "U.N. ambassadors". Although a Permanent Representative holds the equivalent diplomatic rank of an ambassador (or Chief of Mission or High Commissioner), he or she is accredited to an international organisation, and not to a Head of State (as a nation's ambassador would be) or to a Head of Government (as a High Commissioner would be).
Representatives to UN councils.
Some diplomats are representatives to UN councils, such as the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.
Goodwill Ambassadors.
UNESCO has Permanent Delegates heading the diplomatic missions to the organisation, rather than Permanent Representatives. However, there are also UNESCO Goodwill Ambassadors, such as many American celebrities who act as a UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador to a particular nation. UNHCR has similar UNHCR Goodwill Ambassadors.
A UN Permanent Representative is sometimes called an Ambassador to the UN, or rarely, a UN Permanent Ambassador, to distinguish the position from being a UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador. However, again, the term "ambassador" is more commonly used to describe each of nation's government officials who are assigned to handle some affairs with another nation.

</doc>
<doc id="31097370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097370" title="Richard Shine">
Richard Shine

Professor Richard Shine AM FAA (born 7 June 1950) is an Australian evolutionary biologist and ecologist; he has conducted extensive research on reptiles and amphibians, and proposed a novel mechanism for evolutionary change. He is currently a Professor of Biology at the University of Sydney.
Early life.
Rick Shine was born in Brisbane in 1950. He attended schools in Melbourne, Sydney, and Canberra, and completed his university studies at the Australian National University with an Honours degree in zoology in 1971 (supervised by Dr Richard E. Barwick). His Ph D was obtained from the University of New England in Armidale, under the supervision of Professor Harold F. Heatwole, and dealt with the field ecology of Australian venomous snakes. It was the first detailed ecological research on these animals. He also began working on broader questions in evolutionary biology, collaboratively with another student, James J. Bull (currently Johann Friedrich Miescher Regents Professor in Molecular Biology at the University of Texas at Austin).
His brother is scientist John Shine.
Career.
Shine conducted postdoctoral research at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City (1976 to 1978) in the research groups of Professor Eric Charnov and Professor John M. Legler. He returned to Australia to take up a postdoctoral position at the University of Sydney (with Professor Charles L. Birch and Dr. Gordon C. Grigg) in 1978, and was appointed to a lectureship at that institution in 1980. He was appointed to a Professorship in 2003, having relinquished undergraduate teaching to concentrate on research and graduate training in 2002, under fellowships from the Australian Research Council (Australian Professorial Fellowship 2002-2005; Federation Fellowship 2006-2010).
His early research focused on the ecology of snakes, and on the evolutionary factors that have shaped patterns in reptile reproduction (such as the transition from egg-laying to live-bearing, and the evolution of size differences between the sexes, and the selective milieu driving variation in reproductive traits).
His initial studies were based mostly in Australia, and mostly with venomous snakes, but he later conducted research on the behavioural ecology of snakes in several parts of the world, notably on red-sided gartersnakes "Thamnophis sirtalis parietalis" in Canada, vipers in Sweden and France "Vipera berus" Vipera berus and "Gloydius shedaoensis" island pit vipers in China, seasnakes "Laticauda" and "Emydocephalus") in the Pacific islands, and reticulated pythons ("Python Python reticulatus"]) in Indonesia.
He also dissected thousands of preserved snakes in museum collections to document basic natural history patterns of hundreds of species from Australia, the Pacific, and southern Africa. In Australia, he initiated three long-term field-based ecological research programs; one on developmental biology and phenotypic plasticity in scincid lizards of the Brindabella Range near Canberra, jointly with Melanie Elphick; one on the endangered broad-headed snake ("Hoplocephalus Hoplocephalus bungaroides"]) near Nowra, jointly with Jonathan Webb; and one on snakes of the Adelaide River floodplain near Darwin, jointly with several postdoctoral collaborators including Thomas Madsen and Gregory P. Brown.
The arrival of the invasion front of highly toxic cane toad ("Bufo marinus" or "Rhinella marina", in alternative naming schemes) at the tropical study site in 2005 prompted a major expansion of the research program, beginning with a central focus on the ecological impact of toads on native fauna, but later expanding to aspects of toad biology and toad control. The discovery that the toad invasion front had accelerated markedly through time, because of much more rapid dispersal by individual toads at the frontline, stimulated another new research program. With colleagues Benjamin L. Phillips and Gregory P. Brown, Shine proposed that the evolutionary acceleration of the toad invasion was caused by a process different from the adaptive processes envisaged by mainstream evolutionary biology. The new explanation relied upon spatial sorting of traits that affected dispersal rates of toads, with only the fastest-moving individuals being able to stay near the increasingly rapidly moving invasion front. Interbreeding among those fast-moving individuals produced progeny that in some cases were even quicker than their parents, giving rise to a progressive acceleration in invasion speed over time, even if there were no advantages to fast dispersal for the individuals concerned.
Shine has published more than 700 papers in professional journals, written one book (Australian Snakes. A Natural History, 1991) and co-edited another (Grigg, G. C., R. Shine, and H. Ehmann (eds.). 1985. Biology of Australasian Frogs and Reptiles). He received Whitley Awards from the Royal Zoological Society of NSW for both publications. He also received the "Distinguished Herpetologist" award from the Herpetologists' League (1994), the Clarke Medal by The Royal Society of New South Wales (1999), the E. O. Wilson Naturalist Award from the American Society of Naturalists (2000), the Henry S. Fitch Award from the American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists (2003), the Mueller Medal from the Australian and New Zealand Association for the Advancement of Science (2005), the Eureka Prize for Biodiversity Research from the Australian Museum and Royal Botanic Gardens (2006) the MacFarlane Burnet medal from the Australian Academy of Science (2008), the Australian Natural History Medallion from the Royal Society and Society of Naturalists, Victoria (2009), and the Walter Burfitt Prize from the Royal Society of New South Wales (2010). He was elected as a fellow of the Australian Academy of Sciences in 2003, and appointed as a Member of the Order of Australia in 2005. In 2007, a new species of snake (Shine's Whipsnake, "Demansia shinei") was named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="31097387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097387" title="Sai Kung Country Park">
Sai Kung Country Park

Sai Kung Country Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31097390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097390" title="James B. Orlin">
James B. Orlin

James Berger Orlin (born April 19, 1953) is an American operations researcher, the Edward Pennell Brooks Professor in Management and Professor of Operations Research at the MIT Sloan School of Management.
Orlin did his undergraduate studies at the University of Pennsylvania, receiving a bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1974. He earned a masters degree in mathematics from the California Institute of Technology in 1976, and a Ph.D. in operations research from Stanford University in 1981 under the supervision of Arthur Fales Veinott, Jr. He joined the MIT faculty as an assistant professor in 1979, and became the Brooks Professor in 1998.
He is the author of the book "Network Flows: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications" (with Thomas L. Magnanti and Ravindra K. Ahuja, Prentice Hall, 1993), for which he and his co-authors were the recipients of the 1993 Frederick W. Lanchester Prize of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences. He is also a Fellow of INFORMS and a Margaret MacVicar Faculty Fellow, MIT's highest teaching honor.

</doc>
<doc id="31097419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097419" title="Simon Smith (diplomat)">
Simon Smith (diplomat)

Simon John Meredith Smith (born 14 January 1958 in Wegberg, Germany) is a British diplomat, currently Ambassador to Ukraine.
Early life.
He attended the Triple C School in Grand Cayman, then Clifton College. From Wadham College, Oxford he gained a BA in Modern Languages in 1980.
Career.
From 1981-6 he worked at the Department of Employment.
Smith joined Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service in 1986. He has held positions in London, Tokyo, and as Counsellor (Economic/Commercial) in Moscow 1998–2002.
Ambassador.
From 2007 to 2012 Smith served as Ambassador to Austria, based in Vienna, and as the UK's representative to many UN and international organisations in Vienna, including as the UK's Governor on the Board of the International Atomic Energy Agency. His transfer to Kiev as Ambassador to Ukraine was announced on 13 October 2011 and he took up the appointment in September 2012.
Personal life.
He married Sian Stickings in 1984. She was appointed MBE "for services to the local and British communities in Russia" in the New Year Honours of 2003, following Smith's service in Moscow. They have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31097427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097427" title="Persiss Sorong">
Persiss Sorong

Persiss stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Seluruh Sorong (en: "Football Association of Indonesia of All Sorong"). Persiss Sorong is an Indonesian football club based in Sorong Regency, West Papua. Club is playing in the Liga Indonesia Second Division.
Persiss are rivals of the club Persikos Sorong City. 
Persiss is the first club defended by Solossa brothers (Boaz Solossa, Ortizan Solossa and Nehemia Solossa).

</doc>
<doc id="31097437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097437" title="Väter und Söhne – Eine deutsche Tragödie">
Väter und Söhne – Eine deutsche Tragödie

Väter und Söhne – Eine deutsche Tragödie (1986) is an Italy-Germany TV mini-series, starring Burt Lancaster - Julie Christie and directed by Bernhard Sinkel.
Plot.
Two German industrial dynasties, one of Jewish bankers and a founder of a chemical empire. For three generations, their plots and plans, loves and betrayals help the rise of Germany and then to total destruction. The Deutz end up in the dock, on trial for war crimes at Nuremberg, while his trusted friends, the Bemheim, with one exception, have been killed

</doc>
<doc id="31097460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097460" title="RTI-120">
RTI-120

(–)-2β-Carbophenoxy-3β-(p-tolyl)tropane (RTI-120) is a phenyltropane derivative which acts as a reasonably selective dopamine reuptake inhibitor, along with weaker inhibition of noradrenaline and serotonin reuptake. It has a reasonably fast rate of occupancy of dopamine transporters in the brain, though slower than that of cocaine itself. RTI-120 has a short duration of action, along with other p-methyl substituted phenyltropanes such as RTI-150, RTI-171 and RTI-199, giving it a more similar pharmacological profile to cocaine compared to longer acting analogues like RTI-121 and RTI-177.

</doc>
<doc id="31097464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097464" title="Alfons Masella">
Alfons Masella

Alfons Masella is a Tongan rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
While playing lower grades for St George Illawarra, Masella was selected for Tonga in the 2000 World Cup. He also represented Tonga in 1999, in a Test match against the New Zealand Kiwis.

</doc>
<doc id="31097481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097481" title="Alex Watson (rugby league)">
Alex Watson (rugby league)

Alex Watson (1931–2002) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s. An Australian international and Queensland interstate representative three-quarter back, he played club football in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership for Western Suburbs.
Watson first represented Queensland in 1951 in a match against New South Wales. He made his test debut at the Sydney Cricket Ground on 12 June 1954 against Great Britain in the first test of that year's Ashes series. Australia won this test 37-12.
In 1953 Watson toured New Zealand with the Australian team.
In the 1954 Brisbane Rugby League Grand Final Watson scored two tries and kicked four goals before fracturing his left collarbone about ten minutes after the start of the second half and leaving the field. His team, Western Suburbs, went on to win the game. He then travelled to France to play in the inaugural World Cup.
In 1956 New Zealand toured Australia and in the last ever test match played at The Gabba, Watson scored the decisive try, a forty-metre effort that gave Australia their first series victory at home against the Kiwis since 1909. In that year's premiership semi-final Watson was suspended for two weeks for using abusive language and refusing to leave the field when ordered to by the referee.
Watson played his last match for Australia during the 1957 World Cup. That year he also played his last game for the Maroons. Watson then moved north to play for Sarina in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="31097484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097484" title="White Lung">
White Lung

White Lung are a Canadian punk rock band formed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada in 2006. They have released two albums on Deranged Records and a third on Domino Recording Company. The band is in rotation on CBC Radio. "Exclaim!" has named the band's first full length album "It's the Evil" as 2010's punk album of the year. The band was nominated for Punk/Hardcore Artist/Group of the Year at the 2011 Canadian Music Week Indie Awards.
History.
White Lung is a Canadian punk rock band formed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada in 2006. They first attained recognition as one of the standout acts involved with the Vancouver Emergency Room scene.. "Exclaim!" named the band's first full length album "It's the Evil" as 2010's punk album of the year.
The band was nominated for Punk/Hardcore Artist/Group of the Year at the 2011 Canadian Music Week Indie Awards. Their second album, "Sorry", was released 29 May 2012 to critical acclaim from "Spin", Pitchfork, "Magnet", "Exclaim!" and "Rolling Stone".
White Lung released their third studio album, "Deep Fantasy", on June 16, 2014. The band is now signed to Domino Recording Company.

</doc>
<doc id="31097498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097498" title="Essays and Aphorisms on the Higher Man">
Essays and Aphorisms on the Higher Man

Essays and Aphorisms on the Higher Man is the work of the American writer and philosopher, Emile Benoit (writer). 
The Foreword Clarion Review writes that "History has shown examples of man trying to pull himself out of his ignorant bliss and stagnancy, from the philosopher kings and Renaissance man to Nietzsche's Superman. A scant number of individuals have dared to become something more by the unremitting quest for knowledge gained from the arts, religion, philosophy, etc., and the implementation of this knowledge across the broad spectrum of their lives and the lives of others…umanity can go beyond Kant, Hume, Nietzsche's Superman, and the selfishness of Sartre's existential humanism. In a sense, he or she can become a "higher man." 
Benoit writes, "The evolution of the species will be when man can incorporate and digest all of his religions and live wholly, honestly and peacefully with himself and others…when he accepts all the religions, arts, and sciences as expressions of human greatness; a time when even the truth will no longer be an eternal proposition but simply an expression of mankind’s prominence at making the incomprehensible understood – if but only briefly." 
As Benoit writes in the preface of the book, his intention is "to inspire, rather than impose, to incite rather than allow man to settle into a comfortable repose, delighted with himself." The book has won critical acclaim from reviewers as well as New York Times bestselling authors.

</doc>
<doc id="31097505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097505" title="The Betrothed (TV miniseries)">
The Betrothed (TV miniseries)

The Betrothed (Italian: "I Promessi sposi") (1989) is an Italian television mini-series starring Burt Lancaster and Franco Nero. It was directed by Salvatore Nocita, based on the 19th-century historical novel of the same name by Alessandro Manzoni.

</doc>
<doc id="31097512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097512" title="Live at Treorchy">
Live at Treorchy

Live at Treorchy is a live album by Welsh comedian and singer Max Boyce, first issued in 1974. It was his third album and his first for a major label, EMI Records. The album contains a mixture of comedic songs and poems along with Boyce's interactions with the crowd at Treorchy Rugby Club. The album was an unexpected success going gold and was Boyce's break through recording helping make him a household name in Wales and beyond.
Album history.
Welsh entertainer Max Boyce had produced two albums prior to the release of "Live at Treorchy", both on Cambrian Records, "Max Boyce in Session" and "Caneuon Amrywiol" (both in 1971). Neither album was very successful and Boyce continued touring clubs around South Wales. In 1973 and still an unknown outside Wales, he was spotted by EMI record producer Bob Barrett, stealing the show from headliner Ken Dodd at Brangwyn hall in Swansea. Boyce signed a contract with the EMI producer while walking along a bridle path at Langland Bay, and was signed to a two record deal overseen by Vic Lanza, head of EMI Records’ MOR music division.
It was decided that the recording would be a live take of one of his dates on a pre-arranged tour, and the venue of Treorchy Rugby Club was chosen. Despite the admission fee being only 50 pence, uptake was low and an audience was rounded up by offering free entry to people in nearby pubs. Amongst the audience were members of the Treorchy Male Voice Choir, who added volume during the sing along choruses. EMI had sent a three man unit to record the show, including Abbey Road sound engineer Phil Hancock, who set up the mixing desks in the club changing rooms. Recorded on 23 November 1973, Boyce was supported on the day by Welsh band Triban and the concert was compered by broadcaster Alun Williams, though neither appeared on the finished album. "Live at Treorchy" album was completed in one take on one night, with the finishing mix completed at Abbey Road Studios.
The album had a slow response on its release, but its popularity spread through word of mouth and although the album relied on Welsh humour and pathos, its content struck a chord across Britain. The success of the album allowed Boyce to give up his day job and become a professional entertainer. His follow-up album, "We All Had Doctors' Papers", released in 1975, reached number one in the UK Album charts.
Welsh historian Martin Johnes describes "Live at Treorchy" as 'important to an understanding of Welshness as anything Dylan Thomas or Saunders Lewis wrote.'
"Hymns and Arias".
The songs on the album were mostly of a rugby theme, including "9-3" which celebrates Llanelli RFC's 1972 win over New Zealand, "The Outside Half Factory" and the song to which Boyce is now most associated, "Hymns and Arias". The chorus of "Hymns and Arias", 'And we were singing/ hymns and arias/ Land of my Fathers/ Ar Hyd y Nos' has attained folk song status among Welsh rugby supporters and is often heard at Wales international matches.
Although "Hymns and Arias" had been released previously on his debut album "Max Boyce in Session", it was "Live at Treorchy" which brought the song to a wider audience. The track was released the next year on 7" vinyl, but only as a promotional copy, and was not released to the general public. The song and album have become icons of Welsh popular culture.'
Chart history.
"Live at Treorchy" was released in 1974, and first entered the UK Album Charts on 5 July at number 35. Although reaching a peak position of 21 on 11 October 1975 it kept a presence in the charts for 38 weeks, making a final appearance 22 April 1978. The album went gold and although not Boyce's highest charting record it had the longest chart life. It sold over half a million copies.
Track listing.
All songs and poems written and composed by Max Boyce.

</doc>
<doc id="31097515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097515" title="Calamba Institute">
Calamba Institute

Calamba Institute's students are often called "CIER'S". 
Dr. Livia Q. Perilla, Ph.D. is the current principal of the High School Department, and Mrs. Dolores Saquito is the current Elementary and Pre-Elementary Principal.

</doc>
<doc id="31097523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097523" title="Charles William Gibbings">
Charles William Gibbings

Charles William Gibbings was born on a farm near Rosetown, Saskatchewan, Canada on August 10, 1916. After earning a BSc in Agriculture at the University of Saskatchewan, Gibbings taught at the University's School of Agriculture and conducted youth training programs across the province, both while continuing to farm.
Career.
In 1946 Gibbings was elected as a delegate to the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool; within six years he was on the board of directors and three years after that made vice-president. In 1960 he became the Pool's first Saskatchewan-born president and served as such until 1969. In that capacity Gibbings hired its first general manager and reinforced the management team by hiring employees who had been trained in accounting and other management skills. The Farm Service Division, which dealt with production supplies and services, was also added and agrologists were hired to work directly with farmers — at that time an innovation in the grain elevator business. During his Presidency Gibbings worked hard to knit the four prairie grain elevator Co-operatives into one; it was his view that the Alberta Wheat Pool, Saskatchewan Wheat Pool, Manitoba Wheat Pool and the United Grain Growers should amalgamate to better serve prairie farmers. He did not succeed in this endeavour, but there is evidence of some collaboration: all four organizations became members of X-CAN Grain Limited, a company established to market grains not covered under the Canadian Wheat Board. Furthermore, the Pools joined with Federated Co-operatives in the manufacture and supply of fertilizers and agricultural chemicals.
Gibbings advised Canadian delegations involved in the negotiation of international agricultural trade terms. He served as a commissioner on the Saskatchewan Royal Commission on Agriculture and Rural Life, and was a member of the University of Saskatchewan Senate. He was president of Co-operative Fire and Casualty and served on the boards of the Regina Exhibition and Saskatchewan Research Council. He was also chairman of the Advisory Committee to the Canadian Wheat Board. Gibbings left his position as Pool president in 1969 to become a commissioner of the Canadian Wheat Board; in this role he travelled the world helping negotiate sales of prairie grains. Among the many honours he received was the Canada Centennial Medal in 1967. He was also named a Fellow of the Agricultural Institute of Canada in 1967 and awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws degree by the University of Saskatchewan in 1971. He was inducted into the Saskatchewan Agricultural Hall of Fame in 1986.
Late Life.
Charles Gibbings retired in British Columbia, Canada, where he continued to enjoy his pastimes of golf, billiards and watching baseball. He died August 1, 2009 in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31097527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097527" title="Yun Young-sun">
Yun Young-sun

Yun Young-Sun (; born 4 October 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as centre back for Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma in the K-League.
Club career.
Yun was drafted in the 2010 K-League Draft by Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma. On 9 March 2010, Yun made his professional debut AFC Champions League against Melbourne Victory, scoring Seongnam's second goal in away won 2-0. Yun made his K-League debut on 19 March away against Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, coming on as substitute for Kim Jin-Yong in the 72nd minutes. He was linked with Chinese Super League side Henan Jianye in January 2014, however, his transfer was blocked after failing to pass the physical examination.

</doc>
<doc id="31097528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097528" title="Saint Dragon">
Saint Dragon

Development (computer ports).
Storm were a software development team for The Sales Curve ("Silkworm", "The Ninja Warriors"), who were affiliated with Accolade. The conversion project was managed by Dan Marchant, with programming by Andrew Taylor, music by Tony Williams, and graphics by Sean McClurg. Before working on the ZX Spectrum conversion, Taylor spent two weeks reading reviews of other scrolling games and studied videos of the arcade board gameplay. He noted several challenges: "There are some huge sprites in here, some half the size of the screen, which use up a vast amount of memory. The other thing is that in St Dragon each alien seems to make a much more complicated series of moves than in, say, "R-Type", so we've got to try and reproduce them all, which is pretty complicated." He also wanted to achieve smooth scrolling, rather than the by-character-block movement in "R-Type", without sacrificing speed. A method called "pre-shifts" was eventually used, in which several versions of a sprite are held in memory, each in a slightly different position, then cycled through to give the appearance of smooth movement. This used up more memory, so restricted the game to the 128K models of Spectrum. The larger sprites, such as the leaping Puma, were handled by dividing them into strips of separate but co-ordinated entities.
Gameplay.
"Saint Dragon" is a side-scrolling shoot 'em up in which the player controls the cyborg Saint Dragon, who has rebelled against the tyrannical Monster Cyborg army. Saint Dragon is initially armed with a plasma bolts and a fiery breath. By collecting tokens, the dragon's firepower can be upgraded with pulse torpedoes, a laser, bouncing bombs, ring lasers or a turret. Other tokens can upgrade the dragon's speed, weapon power, or initiate a "hyper" mode which endows maximum firepower and invulnerability. In addition, the dragon has an armoured tail which follows the player's movement, allowing it to be used as a defensive shield.
There are five levels, each culmunating in a battle with a large end-of-level guardian.
Critical reception.
The ZX Spectrum conversion was well received on its initial release. CRASH awarded 92%, finding the dragon theme to be a refreshing change in the genre. The graphics were highlighted as well animated, smooth and colourful. Your Sinclair awarded 80%, criticizing the uneven difficulty and low number of levels but praising it as "pretty, tough and a blast-a-minute".
On its budget re-release in 1992, Your Sinclair adjusted their rating to just 29%, criticizing it as "hideously slow, graphically abysmal, impossibly tedious load of old junk". Stuart Campbell took issue with the cassette multi-load, the invisible border on the reduced playing area, and framerate drop when multiple sprites are on screen.

</doc>
<doc id="31097537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097537" title="Jimmy Veikoso">
Jimmy Veikoso

Jimmy Veikoso is a Tongan rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Veikoso played for the Canberra Raiders in 1993 and 1994. He represented Tonga at the 1992 Pacific Cup and the 1995 World Cup. 
In 1996 and 1997 Veikoso played for the Leigh Centurions. He then joined the Swinton Lions.
Later years.
Veikoso later took up rugby union, playing for the Sydney Harlequins in the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union.
Veikoso took up bodybuilding and entered national competitions in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31097541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097541" title="Media engagement framework">
Media engagement framework

The media engagement framework is a strategic construct used by marketing professionals to understand the behavior of Social media marketing-based audiences. 
The media engagement framework consists of the definitions of personas (Individuals, Consumers and Influencers), referenced by the competitive set or constraint that applies to that persona and the measurement framework that might be applied to those personas. It is referenced first at the center of the marketing process diagram, surrounded by the marketing functions of strategy, tactics, metrics and ROI. The marketing process diagram describes how the media engagement framework can apply to any strategic marketing activity but was developed to establish a completely integrated framework describing how both traditional and social media marketing activities can be planned, executed, measured and improved.
Application.
The media engagement framework provides a strategic planning construct in which measurements and metrics play a crucial role in the development and improvement of those strategies and tactics. Applying the media engagement framework aids in the development and management of an effective online marketing presence leveraging social media to engage a market or audience. By first personifying the audience, the marketer is able to identify the limiting aspect of the engagements possible with that audience segment and then, understand the type of engagement metrics to apply. 
Each persona makes decisions differently about how he/she acts in the social media universe. With this in mind specific a framework metric can be applied for each of these personas:
Within each persona marketers must realize that individuals, influencers and consumers make decisions based on alternatives available to them and constraints put on them. To engage with an individual brands must realize they are competing against the time an individual spends on line. If they find something else more engaging, they will engage with that activity. Brands compete against other brands for the purchases of consumers acting in the category. Lastly, influencers have only so many endorsements they can make and therefore brands compete with other endorsers for the endorsement of an influencer.
Use of listening tools (Google Alerts, Twitter Search, SocialMention.com, Veooz.com, Alterian SM2, Radian6, Sysomos, Buzzient etc.) can be employed within the model to help identify the members of the audience segment and to support the formation of other social engagement planning and management tools.
Origin.
The construct was introduced in the book, ROI of Social Media. Guy R. Powell’s extensive background in marketing ROI and Groves' experience and understanding of the emerging applications of social media in business led to a collaboration. Dimos joined as a brand strategist for Litmus Group, a global management consulting firm. The three authors created the media engagement framework over several months of definition, refinement, client applications and then finally creating its initial form for publication in the ROI of Social Media.

</doc>
<doc id="31097543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097543" title="Cerro Grande (New Mexico)">
Cerro Grande (New Mexico)

Cerro Grande is a summit on the rim of the Valles Caldera not far north of New Mexico State Road 4, the main highway through Los Alamos County. Like many mountains in the Jemez, Cerro Grande was mainly covered with coniferous forest, composed largely of ponderosa pine and aspen trees, with a characteristic rincon (meadow) on its slopes on and south of the summit.
In May 2000, a prescribed burn on Cerro Grande got out of control and became the Cerro Grande Fire, a forest fire that burned 48,000 acres (190 km²) and destroyed hundreds of homes. Much of the forest on Cerro Grande itself was not damaged badly or at all. However, the whole mountain burned severely in the Las Conchas Fire of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31097545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097545" title="Egeno I of Konradsburg">
Egeno I of Konradsburg

Egeno I of Konradsburg (also "Conradsburg") was one of the free knights ("Edelfrei") of Konradsburg, in the northeast of the Harz region of Germany, near Ermsleben.
In 1070, Egeno I claimed publicly that he knew of a conspiracy by the Saxon counts and the Duke of Bavaria, Otto II of Northeim, against King Henry IV and, as part of this, had even received an order to murder the king. The aim of this ploy was apparently the complete disempowerment of the Duke of Bavaria and expropriation of his estates, giving Henry IV easy access to the Saxon and Thuringian lands. As Otto himself refused the consequent ordeal - a duel with Egeno who was of much lower standing in the social order and of bad reputation - the imperial ban was imposed on him. Otto took up arms in alliance with Magnus Billung but was defeated in 1071 and was imprisoned for a time.
Count Giso II of the House of Giso and Count Adalbert of Schauenburg were named as the instigator and author of the conspiracy. They were supposed to have concocted the plan, probably with the knowledge of Henry IV, drawn up the indictment and publicised it through Egeno, whom they had bribed. Giso and Adalbert were killed in 1073 by Otto's henchmen at the Giso Castle of Hollende.
Egeno was blinded in 1073 as a punishment for robbery and then travelled through the land as a beggar.

</doc>
<doc id="31097554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097554" title="Samuel Vedanayagam Pillai">
Samuel Vedanayagam Pillai

Samuel Vedanayagam Pillai (1826–1889), also known as Mayavaram Vedanayagam Pillai, was an Indian civil servant . Tamil poet, novelist and social worker who is remembered for the authorship of "Prathapa Mudaliar Charithram", recognized as the "first modern Tamil novel". The novel reflects Vedanayagam's own ideals of women's liberation and education.
Early life.
Vedanayagam Pillia was born in Trichy on October 11, 1826 to Savarimuthu Pillai and Arockia Mariammal. His father was his first tutor and later he learned Tamil and English under a tutor named Thayagaraja Pillai. On completing his education, Vedanagam joined the judicial court of Trichinopoly as record keeper and soon was elevated as a translator.He learnt Sanskrit, French and Latin during his tenure and then cleared his law exams.
Literary works.
He became the District Muncif of Mayuram (presently Mayavaram) and served there for 13 years. Vedanayagam showed a passion for writing from early age. He translated law books to Tamil and his ethical book called Neethi Nool was well accepted. In total he wrote 16 books of which Prathapa Mudaliar Charithram is regarded as the first Tamil Novel. The novel reflects Vedanaygam's own ideals of women's liberation and education.
Carnatic music.
Vedanayagam's contribution to carnatic music is immense. His songs are still a popular choice among singers in concerts.One can find a profusion of Sanskrit words in his Tamil compositions. On the lines of Tyagaraja's "Nidhichala sukhama" he wrote "Manam Peridha, Varumanam Peridha?" Some of the popular songs of Pillai are ``Naale Nalla Nall," ``Nee Malaikkade Nenje," ``Tharunam, tharunam... 
He was a secular person and his songs never addressed to any particular religious deity.He suitably titled his collection of songs as ' Sarva Samaya Samarasa Kirtanaigal'. People like Manonmaniam Sundaram Pillai and Ramalinga Swamigal were admirers of his works.

</doc>
<doc id="31097559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097559" title="Diaper Island">
Diaper Island

Diaper Island is the fourth studio album by Canadian musician Chad VanGaalen, released on May 17, 2011 on Flemish Eye in Canada and Sub Pop in the United States.
Background.
It is the first of his own albums which VanGaalen recorded in his new home studio - Yoko Eno, as opposed to the basement studio where he recorded his second and third releases.
Track listing.
All songs written by Chad VanGaalen.

</doc>
<doc id="31097565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097565" title="Robert Wertz">
Robert Wertz

Robert C. Wertz (August 18, 1932 – May 5, 2009) served for 32 years as a Republican member of the New York State Assembly.
Wertz was born in Kew Gardens, Queens. He attended Sewanhaka High School in Floral Park, New York. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Alfred University and a Juris Doctor degree from Albany Law School. Wertz served in the United States Marine Corps Reserve for six years with the 2nd Battalion 25th Marines.
Wertz worked for State Farm Insurance, after which he was a Senior Attorney in Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court. From 1967 through 1970, he served as Town Attorney for the Town of Smithtown, New York. In November 1970, Wertz was elected to the New York State Assembly. He left office in 2002, after losing to John J. Flanagan in a primary election for the New York State Senate.
Wertz and his wife Dorothy had three children: Mary, Donna, and Robert Wertz II.

</doc>
<doc id="31097573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097573" title="Bruce Wolfe">
Bruce Wolfe

Bruce Wolfe was born March 29, 1941 in Santa Monica, California. He is a sculptor, artist, illustrator, and designer, known for producing sculptures of and for many notable figures. The "San Francisco Chronicle" described him as "the top sculptor for hire in the Bay Area, and maybe the nation". Within his forty year career he created sculptures and busts of Barbara Jordan, Margaret Thatcher, former mayor Ilus W. Davis of Kansas City, former Secretary of State George Shultz, Norman Shumway, and former Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist.
Bruce has resided in Northern California for most of his life. He studied art at the San Jose State University and the San Francisco Art Institute. He has taught painting and sculpture, at the Academy of Art in San Francisco, and the College of Arts and Crafts in Oakland California.
He is also credited with creating a theatrical poster for Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.
His work has been exhibited across New York, California, Paris, and at the Smithsonian.
His awards include a CLIO, Endowment of Arts Federal Achievement Award, First Place at the Art of the Portrait Conference 2001, a Joseph Henniger Award, Zellerbach and Foster & Kleiser Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31097583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097583" title="Nehemia Solossa">
Nehemia Solossa

Nehemia Bill Solossa or Nehemia Solossa (born in Sorong, Sorong Regency, West Papua on July 5, 1986) is an Indonesian footballer. He currently plays for Barito Putera in Indonesia Super League. His brother, Ortizan and Boaz, is also a footballer.
Family.
Nehemia was born in the Solossa family, a well-known family in the province of West Papua. Nehemia is the fifth son of Christopher Solossa and Merry Solossa.
His uncle, Jaap Solossa, was the governor of Papua before he died in 2005. Nehemia was born into a footballing family. Almost all of them were professionals, including his brother Ortizan and Boaz Solossa.

</doc>
<doc id="31097591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097591" title="Nauru Radio">
Nauru Radio

Nauru Radio, established on 1968, government-owned, non-commercial sole radio company in the Republic of Nauru. Owned by Nauru Broadcasting Service. It broadcasts in 1323 kHz AM and 88.8 MHz FM frequencies. Nauru Radio offers program of traditional culture, news, information and classical and modern music, as well as island music. It carries programs of Radio Australia and BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="31097596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097596" title="Park Jin-po">
Park Jin-po

Park Jin-Po (; born 13 August 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a full back for Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma in the K-League.
Club career.
Park was selected from the K-League draft by Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma for the 2011 K-League season. On 5 March 2011, Park made his debut against Pohang Steelers in a 1-1 away draw, and promptly earned himself a yellow card.
Club career statistics.
"As of 25 November 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="31097607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097607" title="Kin'ichirō">
Kin'ichirō

Kin'ichirō, Kinichiro or Kinichirou (written: 欽一郎 or 謹一郎) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="31097613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097613" title="16th Empire Awards">
16th Empire Awards

The 16th Empire Awards (AKA Jameson Empire Awards), honoring the best in film in 2010, were held on March 27, 2011 at the Grosvenor House Hotel and hosted by Dara Ó Briain. Below is a complete list of nominees and winners. Winners are highlighted in bold.
Winners and Nominees.
Best Film.
Inception
Best British Film.
Kick-Ass
Best Comedy.
Four Lions
Best Horror.
The Last Exorcism
Best Sci-Fi / Fantasy.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1
Best Thriller.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Best Actor.
Colin Firth — "The King's Speech"
Best Actress.
Noomi Rapace — "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo"
Best Director.
Edgar Wright — "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World"
Best Newcomer.
Chloë Grace Moretz — "Kick-Ass" and "Let Me In"
Done In 60 Seconds Award.
"127 Hours" by Maeve Stam (Netherlands)
Special Awards.
Empire Hero Award.
Keira Knightley
Inspiration Award.
Edgar Wright
Icon Award.
Gary Oldman

</doc>
<doc id="31097622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097622" title="Frederick Brook Hitch">
Frederick Brook Hitch

Frederick Brook Hitch (1897–1957), the son of architectural sculptor Nathaniel Hitch, was a British sculptor. He attended the Royal Academy and was a Fellow of the Royal Society of British Sculptors and lived in Hertford, Hertfordshire, England.
Exhibitions.
Brook Hitch exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1906 to 1947. Until 1914, his exhibits were mostly classical subjects. In 1917 he showed a medal commemorating the Victory of Jutland Bank. Thereafter he exhibited portraits, with the exception of a work entitled "Grief", shown in 1924. In 1926 Hitch submitted maquettes in the competition for the award of the Canadian National War Memorial in Ottawa, the capital of Canada. Although he was not awarded the commission, his design was shown at the Royal Academy in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="31097623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097623" title="1/2 Gentlemen/Not Beasts">
1/2 Gentlemen/Not Beasts

1/2 Gentlemen/Not Beasts is the first triple record by the rock group Half Japanese.
Style.
The music has a raw than garage rock sound, and has a very low fidelity recording. Most of the songs are originals with covers of a few of the band's influences interspersed. Most tracks are very loud and have an almost No Wave sound, though some tracks are very meditative Krautrock influenced instrumentals.
Legacy.
They have played with many important artists of the experimental or alternative persuasion, such as Sonic Youth and Nirvana. Daniel Johnston has made a record with Half Japanese's vocalist, Jad Fair.

</doc>
<doc id="31097632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097632" title="2011 Ventforet Kofu season">
2011 Ventforet Kofu season

The 2011 Ventforet Kofu season was Ventforet Kofu's first season in J. League Division 1 since 2007, making it the third overall in J1. Ventforet finished 15th and were relegated to Division 2. Ventforet got knocked out in the first round of the 2011 J. League Cup and third round of the 2011 Emperor's Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31097634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097634" title="My Dear Karadi">
My Dear Karadi

My Dear Karadi () is a 1999 Malayalam comedy drama film written by the duo Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas and directed by Sandhya Mohan with Kalabhavan Mani in the lead role. Kalabhavan Mani appears as a bear in major parts of the film.
The heroine role was played by dancer and choreographer Madhavi Chandran, who is the niece of producer Vinu Kiriyeth.
Plot.
The hero (Kalabhavan Mani) is a zoo-keeper. A bear from the zoo accidentally escapes out of the zoo, for which the hero is held responsible. He would lose his job if the bear is not to be found, and the losing of his job would lessen the prospect of his getting married with the girl he loves. The movie is about how Kalabhavan Mani dresses up as a bear to be able to secure his job and marry his girlfriend.

</doc>
<doc id="31097642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097642" title="List of international cricket centuries at Brabourne Stadium">
List of international cricket centuries at Brabourne Stadium

Brabourne Stadium is a cricket ground in Mumbai, India. It is the home of the Cricket Club of India and has played host to Ranji Trophy matches (including seventeen finals) and Indian Premier League matches, as well as being a Test, One Day International and Twenty20 International (T20) venue. It has a capacity of 20,000 spectators. The ground has hosted eighteen Test matches, the first in 1948 when India played the West Indies. It has also staged eight One Day International matches, the first of which was in 1989 when Australia lost to Pakistan by 66 runs. One T20 International has been played at the ground when India beat Australia by 7 wickets in 2007 (first T20 International to be played in India). Of the eight One Day Internationals played at the stadium, five matches (including the final) were staged during the ICC Champions Trophy in 2006.
The first Test century (100 or more runs in a single innings) scored at the ground was in 1948 by the West Indian Allan Rae in the first innings of the first Test match played at Brabourne Stadium. The first Indian to score a century at the Brabourne was Rusi Modi in the third innings of the same match. In total, 35 Test centuries have been scored at the ground in 18 Test matches. Virender Sehwag's 293, scored against Sri Lanka in 2009, is the highest Test innings achieved at the ground. The highest Test score by an overseas player is 194 by the West Indian Everton Weekes in 1948. Vijay Hazare has scored the most Test centuries at the ground with four.
No centuries have been scored in the eight One Day International matches and only T20 International played at Brabourne Stadium. Australian Adam Gilchrist holds the record for the highest One Day International innings score at the ground, 92 against the West Indies in 2006. The highest score by an Indian in a One Day International played here is 48 by Vinod Kambli against New Zealand in 1995. Gilchrist's compatriot Ricky Ponting holds the record for the highest T20 International innings score at the ground, 76 against India in 2007. The highest score by an Indian in a T20 International at the Brabourne is 63 by Gautam Gambhir in the same match.
Test centuries.
The following table summarises the Test centuries scored at Brabourne Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="31097645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097645" title="Kinichiro Sakaguchi">
Kinichiro Sakaguchi

He was born in Niigata prefecture and in Jōetsu, Niigata, a sake museum has a part of its exhibition dedicated to him. He is the inventor of the "Sakaguchi flask", a round-bottom long-neck shake flask.

</doc>
<doc id="31097646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097646" title="Kaleidoscope Heart Tour">
Kaleidoscope Heart Tour

Kaleidoscope Heart Tour was the concert tour by American singer–songwriter Sara Bareilles, in support of her second studio album, "Kaleidoscope Heart".
In February 2011, it was announced that the tour will go with round 2 in April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31097653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097653" title="2011 Júbilo Iwata season">
2011 Júbilo Iwata season

The 2011 Júbilo Iwata season was Júbilo Iwata's 18th consecutive season in J. League Division 1 and 29th overall in the Japanese top flight. It also includes the 2011 J. League Cup, and the 2011 Emperor's Cup.
Transfers.
Winter.
In:
Out:
Summer.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="31097659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097659" title="Museum Kunst der Westküste">
Museum Kunst der Westküste

The Museum Kunst der Westküste (West Coast Art Museum) is a non-profit foundation, located in Alkersum on the north Frisian island Föhr. The museum collects, researches, communicates and exhibits art that deals with the themes of sea and coast. The point of departure is formed by the paintings collection of the museum’s founder, Prof. h.c. Frederik Paulsen.
Collection.
The Sammlung Kunst der Westküste (West Coast Art Collection) comprises Danish, German, Dutch and Norwegian art. Executed between 1830 and 1930, the works document in a variety of manners what life is like along the continental North Sea coast. Important Scandinavian and German artists of the 19th and 20th centuries are represented, including Anna Ancher, Michael Ancher, Max Beckmann, Johan Christian Dahl, Peder Severin Krøyer, Christian Krohg, Max Liebermann, Emil Nolde and Edvard Munch.
These are joined by high-calibre Dutch painters such as the Romantic artist Andreas Schelfhout as well as prominent exponents of The Hague School, among them Jozef Israëls and Hendrik Willem Mesdag. Also in the collection are works by Johan Barthold Jongkind and Eugène Boudin, who are regarded as precursors of impressionism and were of central importance to the development of European landscape painting in the 19th century. Finally, a main focus of the collection is North Frisian painting, comprehensively represented by the works of Otto Heinrich Engel and Hans Peter Feddersen.
Architecture.
The Museum was conceived according to plans by Sunder-Plassmann Architekten as a multipart museum complex uniting tradition and modernism in a harmonious whole. Six separate galleries offer exhibition space of over 900 sqm.
The museum’s architecture addresses local building and landscape history in a differentiated fashion by integrating existing buildings, quoting historical barns and making tangible to visitors the difference in levels between the sandy coastal heathlands and the lower marshland. The complex, built between 2006 and 2009, also includes a museum garden and “Grethjens Gasthof“, built in the style of a Scandinavian manor house from the period around 1900. Carrying on its traditional function as a meeting place for artists working on Föhr and as a site where natives and guests congregate, this building now houses the museum restaurant Grethjens Gasthof.
Awards.
In 2011 the museum was nominated for the European Museum of the Year Award. The same year Sunder-Plassmann Architekten were awarded the Architekturpreis Schleswig-Holstein and the museum received the red dot design award for its corporate design.

</doc>
<doc id="31097670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097670" title="United States Mission to the United Nations">
United States Mission to the United Nations

The United States Mission to the United Nations is the formal title of the United States delegation to the United Nations (UN).
Each nation at the UN has a similar delegation, although only a few are members of the UN Security Council. The United States Mission joined in the original founding of the UN, among 51 member states, under the United Nations Charter in 1945.
Leadership.
There are several major leadership roles in the US Mission. The primary role, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, is the leader of the US Mission to the United Nations. The position is more formally known by the exact title:
The position is also known as simply the US Permanent Representative, or "Perm Rep", to the United Nations.
The U.S. Permanent Representative, currently Samantha Power, is charged with representing the United States on the UN Security Council and during almost all plenary meetings of the General Assembly, except in the rare situation in which a more senior officer of the United States (such as the U.S. Secretary of State or the President of the United States) is present. Like all United States ambassadors, he or she must be nominated by the U.S. President and confirmed by the Senate.
Many prominent U.S. politicians and diplomats have held the post, including Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr., Adlai Stevenson, George H. W. Bush, Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Dr. Jeane Kirkpatrick, Richard Holbrooke, Dr. Madeleine Albright, Bill Richardson, and John Danforth.
It was a cabinet-level position under the Clinton administration and is under the Obama administration as well. It was not a cabinet-level position under the George W. Bush administration (from 2001 to 2009).
The other leadership roles are also known as UN ambassadors, but with specific titles as related to which offices of the UN they handle.
The Building.
The new building housing the United States Mission to the United Nations was dedicated on March 29, 2011. The lead architect was Charles Gwathmey of Gwathmey Siegel & Associates Architects who died in 2009, approximately two years before the structure was completed. In her remarks at the dedication ceremony the current United States Ambassador to the United Nations, Susan Rice posthumously thanked Gwathmey.
[http://usun.state.gov/briefing/statements/2011/159336.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="31097732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097732" title="2011 Albirex Niigata season">
2011 Albirex Niigata season

The 2011 Albirex Niigata season was Albirex Niigata's eighth consecutive season in J. League Division 1. It also includes the 2011 J. League Cup, and the 2011 Emperor's Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31097748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097748" title="Wong Fei Hung Series">
Wong Fei Hung Series

The Wong Fei Hung Series is a 1996 Hong Kong television series of five stories about the Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung. The series was produced by Tsui Hark and starred Vincent Zhao, Maggie Shiu, Max Mok, Lau Shun, Kent Cheng, Hung Yan-yan, Power Chan and Cheung Chun-hung in the leading roles.
Plot.
"Wong Fei Hung Series: The Eight Assassins" (黃飛鴻之八大天王).
The story is set in the late Qing Dynasty, when China is under the oppression of foreign powers. Empress Dowager Cixi sends Prince Cheng to Foshan to recruit Wong Fei-hung to serve the government but Wong declines. In anger, Prince Cheng secretly gathers a group of eight notorious assassins - the "Eight Great Heavenly Kings", led by Monk Geng-fa - to deal with Wong. While Wong is seeing his lover "13th Aunt" off at the dock, the eight assassins attack his clinic Po-chi-lam and injure his students and rob his ancestral tablets. They use the tablets to force Wong to fight them in a "leitai" match.
Wong wins three rounds in the match but collapses after the third round as he has been poisoned in a scheme orchestrated by Monk Geng-fa and Po-chi-lam's cook Aunt Ying. Wong's students take his place in the next rounds and marginally win the match. Wong is on the verge of death from poisoning, but to his surprise, Monk Geng-fa sends him an antidote.
Just before the final fight takes place, Wong rings the temple's bells and reminds Monk Geng-fa of his past. Actually, Monk Geng-fa used to be a Shaolin student, but was expelled from the school. The monk repents from his misdeeds and gives up fighting. Prince Cheng also feels ashamed of himself and lets Wong off. Wong returns the ancestral tablets to Po-chi-lam and 13th Aunt returns from Europe and reunites with Wong.
"Wong Fei Hung Series: The Suspicious Temple" (黃飛鴻之少林故事).
Shaolin's abbot Hung-chi has contracted a serious illness and Wong Fei-hung is invited to help cure the abbot. Wong brings his students Porky Wing and Clubfoot with him to Shaolin and discovers that Hung-chi has been poisoned. Just as he is about to heal the abbot, a masked assailant attempts to assassinate the abbot but fails and escapes. Wong pursues the assassin to the Shaolin library, where the latter mysteriously disappears.
After an investigation, Wong learns that the Shaolin students based in the library, led by Mo-gan, have studied abroad in Europe before, and they are very dissatisfied with the temple's rules, so they attempted to assassinate the abbot and reform Shaolin. Wong succeeds in persuading Mo-gan and his followers to give up on their murderous plan, and instead convey their ideas to the abbot directly. However, Shaolin's discipline master Ho-gam refuses to let them see the abbot and has them arrested and sent to do hard labour. Clubfoot is captured during the chaos and brought to the labour camp.
Clubfoot escapes and rescues the old monk Hung-wun with Mo-gan and Kwai-so's help. Wong Fei-hung discovers that Hung-wun's limbs were injured by someone who used the "Great Strength Vajra Finger", and decides to do a blood transfusion between Hung-chi and Hung-wun. The operation is successful and both monks recover. Hung-wun is still crippled but can now use his "Iron Head Skill".
Wong bids Hung-chi farewell and returns to Po-chi-lam but Hung-chi insists that he remains for a contest that spans over three days. Wong encounters danger during the third round but manages to escape with Mo-gan, Hung-wun and his students. They are blocked by Shaolin's Eighteen Arhats and Four Prajnas but Wong's father Wong Kei-ying appears and saves them. They discover that Hung-chi is actually the mastermind behind a plot to seize the position of abbot. He injured Hung-wun with the Great Strength Vajra Finger and had the latter imprisoned in a labour camp. Hung-chi flees after he is exposed.
Shaolin, now without an abbot, is about to turn chaotic. Eventually, Ho-gam suggests that Wong Fei-hung be the new leader but Wong Kei-ying becomes the abbot eventually. Wong Kei-ying accepts suggestions from Mo-gan and his followers and reforms Shaolin. He also invites 13th Aunt to help him. Wong Fei-hung sees that now things are back in order, so he bids his father farewell and returns to Foshan. On the way back he encounters Hung-chi and fights with the latter. Hung-chi dies and Wong and his companions return to Po-chi-lam safely.
"Wong Fei Hung Series: The Headless General" (黃飛鴻之無頭將軍).
A legend in Guangzhou tells of a haunted "Plum Orchid" in the western part of the city. General Cheung visits Guangzhou and insists on going to the haunted orchid. Guangzhou's Governor Hong is afraid that something might happen to the general, so he enlists the help of Wong Fei-hung's students to protect the general.
One night, the general is assassinated and loses his head, becoming a "Headless General". The general's subordinate, Deputy Lau, orders everyone in Po-chi-lam to be detained and threatens Governor Hong to find the general's missing head in seven days, or he will summon General Cheung's sworn brother, General Hon, to enter Guangzhou and hunt down the murderer. A Taoist called Yee-long, who has past feuds with Po-chi-lam, uses the opportunity to fabricate stories and claims that Po-chi-lam is responsible for the hauntings. This causes much fear and panic in the city.
To uncover the truth, Wong Fei-hung ventures into the Plum Orchid and finds some clues. With assistance from a mysterious maiden called Nip Siu-sin, Wong manages to trick Deputy Lau into admitting that he is the murderer, and the mastermind is actually General Cheung's ambitious sworn brother General Hon. Now that the truth is revealed, the furious General Hon attacks the city but his plan is foiled and Wong Fei-hung saves the day.
"Wong Fei Hung Series: The Final Victory" (黃飛鴻之辛亥革命).
The story is set in the late Qing Dynasty, after the Huanghuagang Uprising. Wong Fei-hung travels to Guangzhou with his romantic interest 13th Aunt, and students Leung Foon, Clubfoot, Bucktooth So and Kai. He sets up a branch for his Po-chi-lam clinic in an inn. He is drawn into the conflict between the Qing government and the revolutionaries of the Tongmenghui. Beggar So, a junior of Wong's father Wong Kei-ying, is wanted by the authorities for siding with the rebels.
While dealing with suspicion and pressure from the local governor, Wong secretly helps the Tongmenghui in their plans and pretends that he is not involved. The rebels face the threats of traitors and spies among them, as many of their comrades have been tricked by undercover agents working for the government, and lured into traps, where they are either killed or captured. Wong is initially reluctant to join the Tongmenghui, but has no choice because his close companions and associates are already part of the revolution.
At one point, Wong feigns death to put the governor off guard, and then disguises himself and infiltrates the undercover agents' base. With his help, the rebels manage to attack and destroy the base after a fierce battle. The governor sends his men to burn down Po-chi-lam and kill everyone inside but fails. Wong goes to the coast to distract soldiers stationed there to buy time for Beggar So and the Tongmenghui members to escape by sea. He succeeds, but is arrested and sentenced to death by the governor. Wong's students storm the execution ground to rescue their master and flee until they arrive at a dead end. They are surrounded by the governor and his soldiers, and are about to be shot when a messenger shows up and informs the governor that the Wuchang Uprising has taken place. Wong and his companions hug each other in joy.
"Wong Fei Hung Series: The Ideal Century" (黃飛鴻之理想年代).
The Qing Dynasty has been overthrown by the Xinhai Revolution. Wong Fei-hung and his students return from their trip to Japan. Along the way, Wong meets a reporter called Ng Mung-ching, who was a fellow student of 13th Aunt, and starts a romance with her.
Ng Mung-ching introduces Wong to help Chai Kei, a close associate of Yuan Shikai, in printing banknotes. Wong also breaks up a banknote agency controlled by Westerners with Ng Mung-ching's help. Po-chi-lam is recognised by the government as a legitimate banknote printing and distribution organisation.
13th Aunt is jealous of the relationship between Wong and Ng Mung-ching, but at the same time Chai Kei displays affections for her too. 13th Aunt unexpectedly discovers that Ng Mung-ching is a descendant of the Qing imperial family, and she wants to use Yuan Shikai to help her restore the monarchy. Concurrently, Wong Fei-hung learns that Ng Mung-ching is using the banknotes from Po-chi-lam to purchase firearms instead of food and medical supplies.
Wong and his companions confront Chai Kei and Ng Mung-ching to put an end to their plans.

</doc>
<doc id="31097750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097750" title="2011 Avispa Fukuoka season">
2011 Avispa Fukuoka season

The 2011 Avispa Fukuoka season was Avispa Fukuoka's first season in J. League Division 1 since 2006, and 8th overall in the top division. It also includes the 2011 J. League Cup, and the 2011 Emperor's Cup. Avispa Fukuoka finished the J. League season in 17th place and were relegated to the 2012 J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="31097769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097769" title="Egeno II of Konradsburg">
Egeno II of Konradsburg

Egeno II of Konradsburg (also "Conradsburg") was a free knight of Konradsburg, in the northeast of the Harz region in Central Germany, near Ermsleben.
Egeno II may have been the son or grandson of Egeno I of Konradsburg. Around 1080 (after 1076, before 1083) Egeno II killed Count Adalbert II of Ballenstedt from the House of Ascania at Westdorf near Aschersleben. Adalbert was the "advocate" of Nienburg and Hagenrode and had been imprisoned from 1075 to 1077. The reasons for the murder are not particularly clear. There may have been political motives or Egeno may have acquired Ascanian estates during Adalbert's time in captivity and the two parties ended up feuding. Egeno was made to give up his family seat of Konradsburg to atone for the murder and the castle was turned into a Benedictine or Augustinian monastery. According to legend, the stone cross of Westdorf recalls the crime.
From 1115, the lords of Konradsburg destroyed the Old Falkenstein Castle and built the new Falkenstein Castle, where the Saxon Law or "Sachsenspiegel" was probably written a hundred years later on behalf of Count Hoyer of Falkenstein. In 1142, the lords of Konradsburg are referred to for the last time as "von Konradsburg", thereafter they were "von Falkenstein".

</doc>
<doc id="31097778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097778" title="Egeno of Konradsburg">
Egeno of Konradsburg

Egeno von Konradsburg is the name of the following German nobles:

</doc>
<doc id="31097782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097782" title="Tetraxylopteris">
Tetraxylopteris

Description.
Fossils of "Tetraxylopteris" have so far been discovered in two locations. "T. schmidtii" was named from the Catskill Clastic Wedge, New York State, United States of America, in rocks of Middle to Upper Devonian age (around ). "T. reposana" was found in the Campo Chico Formation, north-west Venezuela, in beds believed to be of Frasnian age ().
The overall shape of "Tetraxylopteris" consisted of a complex system of branches. The main stem was 'pseudomonopodial', i.e. it divided dichotomously to produce side stems while the main stem maintained its identity. The main and side stems then bore three orders of branches (i.e. the first branches from the stems divided twice more). (There were possibly four orders in "T. reposana".) The branches were arranged in opposite pairs with successive pairs at right angles (decussate). In "T. schmidtii", the final order of branches bore appendages arranged oppositely and decussately; in "T. reposana", the appendages were opposite and decussate on the penultimate order of branches and spirally or helically arranged on the final order. The appendages branched dichotomously up to three times and were three-dimensional, although some appear flattened in the fossilized specimens. They have been called "non-laminate proto-leaves" by Beerling and Fleming, reflecting the belief that such structures were precursors to true leaves, which evolved by first " – flattening to produce a two-dimensional branched structure – and then 'webbing' – tissue growing out between the flattened branches.
One consistent difference between the two species is that "T. schmidtii" had branches which very distinctly narrowed along their length whereas only the third order branches of "T. reposana" showed any tapering. Another is that "T. reposana" had swellings at the bases of first and second order branches.
In both species, the primary xylem strand was central to stems, branches and appendages. In the main stems and branches it was X-shaped in cross-section, corresponding to the four rows of branches. In the final appendages it became circular in cross-section. The xylem development was 'mesarch', i.e. the first maturing protoxylem had later maturing metaxylem on either side. Protoxylem occurred both at the tips of the lobes of the xylem strand and in the centre. The general anatomy of the woody stem resembles that of seed plants.
The spore-forming organs or sporangia of "Tetraxylopteris" were born on a very complex 'fertile branching system'. Firstly the main axis of the system branched twice dichotomously. Then each of the four resulting branches was three times pinnate. Each ultimate unit had an elongated sporangium at its end which split longitudinally to release the spores which were trilete, ranging from around 70 to 170 µm in diameter.
The complex three-dimensional branching pattern imples that both species would have been open bushy plants. The exact height cannot be determined from the fossils, which consist of broken-off portions. The longest known section of "T. schmidtii" is 50 cm – rather less for "T. reposana", which may nevertheless have been the taller species. An overall height of a few metres has been proposed. Hammond and Berry suggest that "T. reposana" may have grown in dense thickets so that plants supported one another.
Taxonomy.
The genus was created by Beck in 1957 for the species "Tetraxylopteris schmidtii". Initially Beck described the genus as possibly a precursor to the seed ferns or pteridosperms. In 1960, Beck created the name Progymnospermopsida for a class of plants which reproduced in a similar way to ferns, but had stems whose internal structure resembled gymnosperms. The class was divided into two orders, the more 'primitive' Aneurophytales and the more 'advanced' Archaeopteridales. (The former order had earlier been proposed by Kräusel & Weyland in 1941 for taxa ancestral to both ferns and pteridosperms.) "Tetraxylopteris" was placed in the Aneurophytales. Another specimen from the same location was initially described as "Sphenoxylon", but was later shown to be a poorly preserved stem of "Tetraxylopteris".
In 2005 a further species, "Tetraxylopteris reposana", was described by Hammond and Berry. The specific epithet "reposana" is derived from 'El Reposo', the name of the hacienda near the fossil locality. Hammond and Berry suggest that "Proteokalon" Scheckler & Banks (1971) may be synonymous with "Tetraxylopteris".
Hammond and Berry agree with Beck on the systematic taxonomy of the genus.
Phylogeny.
A cladogram published in 2004 by Crane et al. places " Tetraxylopteris" in a paraphyletic stem group, basal to the seed plants (spermatophytes). It is grouped with "Pertica", traditionally classified as a "trimerophyte" rather than a progymnosperm like "Tetraxylopteris".
Other researchers have produced rather different analyses. Rothwell's analysis separates the "trimerophytes" and progymnosperms, with only the latter being closely related to seed plants.

</doc>
<doc id="31097798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097798" title="Bob Ziering">
Bob Ziering

Bob Ziering is an American illustrator from New York who studied at The High School of Music & Art, and the New York University. His influences include J.M.W. Turner and Francis Bacon.
Prior to beginning his career in illustration, he enlisted in the US Air Force, moving through the ranks as a lieutenant, and training instructor before becoming base artist, illustrating training aids, books, and painting portraits of senior officers.
Following his work in the military, Bob studied at The School of Visual Arts under Ivan Chermayeff and Bob Gill before freelancing. He produced work for the Reader's Digest, and also became business partner and artist's representative for Rahl Studios. 
His client list has included The Metropolitan Opera, the New York City Opera, Paul Taylor Dance Company, Simon and Schuster, Disney, and Cirque du Soleil. He has won several awards from The International ANDY Awards, and his work has been exhibited in presidential libraries, and exhibitions including Audart's "Art & Technology Circus," and exhibits by the Society of Illustrators.
In 2004, Bob exhibited "Secret Sex: The Unknown Erotic Drawings of Bob Ziering," compiled of thirty-five years of personal, gay, erotic art.
Bob was also a founding member of the Graphic Artists Guild.

</doc>
<doc id="31097830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097830" title="Sim Jae-myung">
Sim Jae-myung

Sim Jae-Myung (; born 7 June 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward.
Club career.
Sim attended Pungsaeng High School (Seongnam U-18 Team). He started his professional career with the Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma. Sim made his debut in a 1-1 away draw over Pohang Steelers on 5 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31097842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097842" title="Bat Caves">
Bat Caves

The Bat Caves are a feature on the hiking trail of Oyster Dome located south of Bellingham, Washington. Oyster Dome is on the slopes of Blanchard Mountain. According to WashingtonClimbers.org "The Bat Caves have more than 30 sport (and a few trad) routes ranging from 5.4 to 5.12c. The area’s name is a misnomer: there aren't any real caves, only holes in an impressive talus field below a series of cliffs. The cliffs, which include the Samish Wall and San Juan Wall, are up to high. The metamorphic rock is sometimes brittle, with an emphasis on crimpy moves."

</doc>
<doc id="31097858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097858" title="Radio La Famia">
Radio La Famia

Radio La Famia, is a radio station in Christchurch, New Zealand. based at Wigram Manor, the station aims to address community issues whilst playing a selection of music for all ages and genres.
As a station focusing on community issues, its focus has been on assisting in the recovery process after recent major earthquakes in Christchurch.Also to entertain inform and take you the listener to the guest via the radio or net.
With this in mind, Good Morning Christchurch has recently entertained such guests as Ried Stiven EQC, Mollie Howarth Citizens Advice Bureau & Brian Morris NZIBS.

</doc>
<doc id="31097861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097861" title="John Dobbin">
John Dobbin

John Dobbin (baptised 21 March 1815 St Cuthbert's, Darlington - 1888 London) was an English landscape painter, the son of John and Elizabeth who lived in Weaver's Yard. John, the son, did not follow the same trade as his father, who was a weaver working in Pease's Mill in Darlington town centre, but was apprenticed instead to a cabinet-maker in Grange Road. He was not happy with this choice of career and in his twenties left for London to become an artist. 
Dobbin later travelled extensively in Scotland, France, Spain, Germany and the Netherlands. He exhibited at the Royal Academy between 1842 and 1875.
Dobbin's best-known work is the Opening of the Stockton to Darlington Railway, showing Ignatius Bonomi's Skerne Viaduct, portrayed until 2003 on the reverse of Series E £5 notes issued by the Bank of England, where George Stephenson's portrait is shown along with the "Rocket" steam locomotive. John was 10 years old at the time, and possibly attended the historic opening, but it was only 50 years later that the picture was painted, so that it was done either from memory or from a sketch by his father. 
Dobbin frequently returned to his home town, and Darlington features in many of his works. His paintings became more spiritual after the death of his first wife, Amy. His second wife, Hannah Jones, came from an affluent family and probably paid for his Grand Tour of Europe. Dobbin was fairly renowned in his day and enjoyed an audience with Isabella II of Spain, who gave him free rein to paint what he pleased in her country. 
Dobbin created a reredos for St Cuthbert's Church. In a move that may have been inspired by his Italian trip, he turned to mosaic and worked for some six years cutting tiles for his version of The Last Supper. His Apostles were described by a clergyman as "the most villainous set of mortals I have ever seen".

</doc>
<doc id="31097867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097867" title="Stanley Gerald Thompson">
Stanley Gerald Thompson

Stanley Gerald Thompson (1912–1976) was an American chemist. He discovered together with Glenn T. Seaborg several of the transuranium elements. He received a Guggenheim Fellowship (Natural Sciences - Chemistry) in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="31097869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097869" title="HMS Leonidas (1913)">
HMS Leonidas (1913)

HMS "Leonidas" was a "Laforey" class torpedo boat destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was launched on 30 October 1913. She served in World War I with the 3rd Destroyer Flotilla and as a convoy escort in World War I and was broken up in 1922. The ship was originally named "Rob Roy" but the name was changed after a new naming scheme was introduced to give all ships of the same class names beginning with the same letter. Overall cost of the ship was £100,000
Technical innovations.
"Leonidas", together with "Lucifer", was one of two experimental destroyers ordered in 1912 from Parsons to be fitted with fully geared turbines. Gearing meant that the turbine itself could run at higher speeds than the propeller, which improved efficiency. Two previous experimental destroyers, "Badger" and "Beaver" had been ordered in 1911 which used gearing for the high pressure (HP) turbines but not for the low pressure (LP) ones. Sufficiently robust gearboxes were at that time experimental and were only just being produced by Parsons who had developed innovative gear cutting equipment. Ships propellers rotated at a maximum speed of 380 rpm, while the LP turbines ran at 1800 rpm and the HP at 3000 rpm. It was anticipated that the additional gearing would produce an overall 10% increase in efficiency, ranging from 9% at full power to 26% at low power, since turbines are more efficient at higher speeds and performance particularly suffered when the engines were running slowly. Comparative tests indicated the savings equated to the ships being able to remain on patrol at cruising speeds for an extra two days as compared to a ship using partially geared turbines. Cost of the ships increased because of providing gearboxes, but this was partly offset against a reduction in the total necessary power from the turbine to achieve a given speed, meaning that smaller and cheaper turbines could be used. Other ships of the class built without LP gearing required 24,500 shp compared to 22,500 shp for this design.
Two designs were produced for the ships propellers because of disagreement between the admiralty and Parsons on the better design. For the same overall dimensions, Parsons used a blade area of while the admiralty preferred . The introduction of gearing meant that bearings holding the shafts were now subject to large lateral forces where the gears pushed against each other. This was a significant difficulty in gearbox design but was overcome by the introduction of the new Michell tilting-pad fluid bearing. This was first employed in 1913 on a cross-channel steamer, "Paris" built by Denny of Dunbarton which also used geared turbines, and then on "Leonidas" and "Lucifer". Traditional bearings were found unable to support the forces in turbine gearboxes but also had higher friction in more traditional application with reciprocating engines. It was estimated that the reduced frictional losses on new bearings introduced throughout the fleet saved the admiralty £500,000 in reduced fuel consumption in 1918.
Career.
"Leonidas" took part in a battle off Noorhinder Bank on 1 May 1915 when together with three other destroyers, "Laforey", "Lawford" and "Lark", she was dispatched to go to the aid of four British armed trawlers which had engaged two German Torpedo boats, A2 and A6. One of the trawlers had been sunk, but sufficient damage had been caused to A6 that the Germans chose to withdraw. The four destroyers pursued the torpedo boats, eventually catching and sinking them. HMS Leonidas also served in the 3rd Destroyer flotilla at the first battle of Heligoland bight, under the command of the famous commodore Trywhitt aboard the light cruiser Arethusa.

</doc>
<doc id="31097874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097874" title="Physoclisti">
Physoclisti

Physoclisti are fishes that lack a connection between the gas bladder and the alimentary canal, the bladder serving as a buoyancy organ only.
Addition and removal of the gases from the gas bladder in these fishes occurs through specialised structures called the gas gland and ovale respectively. <br>The pneumatic duct that connects the gut and gas bladder is present in the embryos of these fish but it is lost during development.This anatomical state is believed to be derived from the ancestral physostomous state. 
Some fishes like eels are anatomically physostomous, but their gas bladders function similar to those of physoclists.
See also.
Physostome

</doc>
<doc id="31097880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097880" title="Physostome">
Physostome

Physostomes are fishes that have a pneumatic duct connecting the gas bladder to the alimentary canal. This allows the gas bladder to be filled or emptied via the mouth. This not only allows the fish to fill their bladder by gulping air, but also to rapidly ascend in the water without the bladder expanding to bursting point. In contrast, fish without any connection to their gas bladder are called physoclisti.
The physostome fish encompass the bichirs, gars, a number of carps, trouts, herrings, catfish, eels and the lungfish. While the gas bladder in fish mainly serve as a buoyancy organ, some physostome fish (though not all) can use their gas bladders a lung, allowing them to live from atmospheric oxygen in conditions where aquatic oxygen levels has dropped to a point which would kill other fish.

</doc>
<doc id="31097888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097888" title="German Film Award for Best Feature Film">
German Film Award for Best Feature Film

The German Film Award for Best Feature Film () is the main award given for best German film at the annual Deutscher Filmpreis awards, the German national film awards. It has been held annually since 1951 in varying formats.
List of winning films.
1951–1986.
From 1951 to 1986 the prize was awarded by a commission which selected the best German feature film released in the previous 12 months. In 1956 and 1961 no award was given, and on two occasions (in 1963 and 1970) the award was shared by two winning films.

</doc>
<doc id="31097889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097889" title="Alex Watson">
Alex Watson

Alex Watson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31097898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097898" title="Mapulang Lupa National High School">
Mapulang Lupa National High School

Mapulang Lupa National High School is a public secondary school located in Valenzuela City. Formerly known as Valenzuela National High School - Mapulang Lupa Annex, it was established in 2003 and gain its independent status on September 13, 2006 through House Bill #5776 (3RS-13 C) sponsored by the late Congressman Antonio M. Serapio together with then Albay representative Joey S. Salceda and Negros Occidental representative Jose Carlos V. Lacson during the 13th Congress. The current school principal is Mr. Eddie A. Alarte. The state run institution under the Department of Education aims to promote quality life through basic quality education.
Philosophy.
Vision: 
Mission:
Core Values
Curriculum.
K+12 Basic Education Curriculum.
Grade 7
Grade 8
Grade 9
2010 Secondary Education Curriculum.
Fourth Year

</doc>
<doc id="31097904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097904" title="Asset and Content Management">
Asset and Content Management

Asset and Content Management may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31097919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097919" title="Puchong Perdana">
Puchong Perdana

Puchong Perdana is one of the earliest housing estates in Puchong. Construction started in late 80s. Puchong Perdana at this time was developing rapidly, with such a balanced development of other developed areas in the Klang Valley.
Prior to the entrance area of Puchong Perdana is an imposing mosque on the edge of the lake. Facilities that they have in Puchong Perdana is Petronas petrol station, Caltex and Esso. and franchise restaurants like Mcdonalds and KFC are also found in Puchong.
There is a middle school and two primary schools in the area of Puchong Perdana SMK Puchong Perdana, SK Puchong Perdana and SK Puchong Indah.

</doc>
<doc id="31097925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097925" title="Laval municipal election, 1993">
Laval municipal election, 1993

The 1993 Laval municipal election took place on November 7, 1993, to elect a mayor and city councillors in Laval, Quebec. Gilles Vaillancourt was elected to a second term as mayor, and his municipal party won all but one seat on city council.
Results.
"Source: "Incumbents all re-elected in Montreal East voting," Montreal Gazette, 9 November 1993, A6."

</doc>
<doc id="31097933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097933" title="Alexander Watson">
Alexander Watson

Alexander Watson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31097939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097939" title="Charles Chaynes">
Charles Chaynes

Charles Chaynes (born 11 July 1925 in Toulouse) is a French composer.
Biography.
Chaynes studied at the Conservatoire de Paris with Darius Milhaud and Jean Rivier. In 1951 he won the Prix de Rome with the cantata "Et l'homme se vit les portes rouvrir". During his stay at the Villa Medici in Rome he wrote the "First Concerto for String Orchestra" and the "Ode for a Tragic Death".
In 1956 he became a producer at the Radiodiffusion Télévision Française (RTF). In 1964 he succeeded Marius Constant as head of the channel "France Musique". From 1975 to 1990 he headed the "service de la création musicale" at Radio France.
In addition to several operas, one symphony and chamber works Chaynes composed numerous concertos, etc. for trumpet, violin, piano and organ, and two orchestral concerts. In 1966 he composed a concerto for organ, string orchestra, timpani and percussio for the organist Marie-Claire Alain . His Piano Concerto was premiered in 1967 by Yvonne Loriod.
Honours.
Chaynes was inter alia the "Grand Prix Musical of Paris" (1965), the "Prix du Disque of the Académie du disque français" (1968, 1970, 1975 and 1981), the "Prix de la Tribune internationale des compositeurs" UNESCO (1976), the "Prix Musical de la SACD" (1988) and the "Orphée d'Or of the Académie du Disque Lyrique" (1996 and 2003). He was awarded officer of the Legion of Honour, the Ordre national du Mérite and Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. In 2005 he became a member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="31097946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097946" title="Woollens Brook">
Woollens Brook

Woollens Brook, a minor tributary of the River Lea, rises close to Ermine Street, south of Hertford Heath and flows through Box Wood in Hertfordshire. The stream flows under both the A10 and the Dinant Link Road roundabout with Amwell Street. The stream then runs parallel with Essex Road before going under it and through the Lampits where it joins another minor tributary of the River Lea, the River Lynch, at Bridgeways 

</doc>
<doc id="31097947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097947" title="Sumith Balasuriya">
Sumith Balasuriya

Major General Sumith Balasuriya, VSV, USP, ndc, IG, SLA is a Sri Lankan general, who was the former Commandant, Sri Lanka Army Volunteer Force, Vice Chancellor/Commandant, General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University and GOC, 23 Division. 
Educated at Royal College, Colombo, Balasuriya joined the army in 1974 after leaving school and was commissioned in to the Sri Lanka Artillery in 1975 as a Second Lieutenant. He went to become the head of the Sri Lanka Artillery, its Colonel-Commandant. He was the General Officer Commanding of the 23 Division.
Becoming the Vice Chancellor Commandant of the General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University, he was tipped to become the Deputy Chief of Staff of the Sri Lanka Army. However he was appointed as Commandant of the Sri Lanka Army Volunteer Force. 
General Balasuriya is a graduate of the National Defence College, India and was the Inspector General of Artillery. He was awarded the Vishista Seva Vibhushanaya (VSV), Uttama Seva Padakkama (USP), the Sri Lanka Armed Services Long Service Medal, the Riviresa Campaign Services Medal, the Purna Bhumi Padakkama and the North and East Operations Medal.
Since his retirement he has been appointed as Director General of the Counter-terrorism Division in Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="31097953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097953" title="2011 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships – Doubles">
2011 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships – Doubles

Martin Fischer and Philipp Oswald were the defending champions, but Fischer chose not to participate this year.
As a result, Oswald played alongside Nikolaus Moser. They reached the quarterfinals, but lost to Andrey Kumantsov and Michael Ryderstedt.<br>
Dominik Meffert and Simon Stadler won the title after defeating Andre Begemann and James Lemke 7–5, 2–6, [10–7].

</doc>
<doc id="31097956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097956" title="Loud (Half Japanese album)">
Loud (Half Japanese album)

Loud is an album by the rock group Half Japanese, first released on the Armageddon label in 1981.
The album was the band's first release since the line up was expanded with four new members (two saxophone players, a guitarist and a drummer) and contains elements of free jazz. The album includes a cover version of The Doors' "The Spy".
It was reissued on compact disc in 2004 on Drag City together with the "Horrible" EP as "Loud and Horrible".

</doc>
<doc id="31097969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097969" title="Philippa Baker">
Philippa Baker

Philippa Baker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31097971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097971" title="Hamid Reza Chitgar">
Hamid Reza Chitgar

Hamid Reza Chitgar (7 July 1949 - 19 May 1987, also known as "Hamid Bahmani") was an exiled Iranian politician who lived in France after the Iranian Revolution and was assassinated in Austria by the Iranian regime.
Early life and education.
Hamid Reza Chitgar was born in the town of Babol in the Mazandaran province of Iran in 1949. After finishing his engineering studies in Tehran, he pursued his master’s in Strasbourg, France in the mid 1970s.
Arrest and defection.
He returned in Iran and was politically active during and after the revolution. He was once arrested by the Revolutionary Guards in March, 1981 for the publications of his publishing house (which published political and non-political materials). He was taken to the Evin prison and soon taken back to his printing house in order to lure other political activists. He was able to escape and lived underground for 6 months before fleeing to France in 1983 where he obtained political asylum.
Exile.
Chitgar was a member in the leadership of the Hezb-e Kar (Labor Party of Iran). During his stay in France, he distanced himself from the idea of armed resistance. He was the representative of the Labor Party in the National Resistance Council and was a member of the Council before his assassination.
He was married and had one daughter.
Assassination.
According to a close source, a man named "Ali Amiztab" corresponded with Chitgar from Iran a couple of years before his murder and established a regular contact with him. In his letters, he wrote about establishing a group of sympathizers of the Labor Party in Iran. Finally, he asked to meet Chitgar in person and set up a meeting in Vienna, Austria. Chitgar who never traveled alone and did not trust his interlocutor tried to find friends to travel with him. For various reasons, no one was available and Chitgar decided to go alone. On 19 May 1987 he traveled to Vienna to meet with this man.
His wife did not receive any news from him and after a few days, began to look for him and alerted the Austrian police. The efforts of his wife and family proved fruitless until the neighbors of the apartment, where Chitgar was murdered, complained about the odor and police discovered his body on 17 July, two months after the murder. He had been shot twice in the back of his head. According to the Austrian police, the apartment had been rented by an individual with a Turkish passport for three months. The rent was paid in full. The efforts of the family’s lawyer to encourage the investigation and obtain more information were not successful. The Austrian authorities noted that investigation in the case of Chitgar’s assassination was difficult because the agent of the Islamic Republic had a Turkish passport and did not need a visa to come to Austria. No other information was given to the family.
The assassination was widely reported in the local press and caused a wave of protests by Iranian and European political groups. Hamid Reza Chitgar’s body was buried in the Père-Lachaise cemetery in Paris on 8 August 1987.
Further investigations.
Iranian-born Dutch film maker Reza Allamehzadeh made a documentary on state terrorism of the Islamic government of Iran in European countries, "Holy Crime", where the case of Mr Chitgar was presented amongst many others, such as Iran's former prime minister Shapour Bakhtiar who had also been assassinated during his French exile .

</doc>
<doc id="31097984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31097984" title="All Star Glam Exam">
All Star Glam Exam

All Star Glam Exam is a Hong Kong game show produced by Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB). The premiere episode aired on the TVB Jade and TVB HD Jade channels on 27 February 2011 and is slated to run for 18 episodes. Hosted by the Cantopop band Grasshopper, the show also consists of assistant hosts Suyen Cheung, Candy Chang, Nadia Lun, and Nicole Wan, collectively known as "The Star Ladies."
"All Star Glam Exam" won two awards at the TVB Anniversary Awards, including Best Variety Show and Best Host for Grasshopper. The show also won Best Variety Show at the 2011 Yahoo! Asia Buzz Awards.
Show format.
Each episode features various popular Hong Kong celebrities participating in games to win money and/or prizes. Unlike the Super Trio series, the games in "All Star Glam Exam" are less provocative. Games usually consists of solving puzzles, answering questions, guessing games, and judging.
Viewership ratings.
The following is a table that includes a list of the total ratings points based on television viewership. "Viewers in millions" refers to the number of people, derived from TVB Jade ratings (not including TVB HD Jade), in Hong Kong who watched the episode live. The peak number of viewers are in brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="31098012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098012" title="Chris Zurawsky">
Chris Zurawsky

Christopher Zurawsky (born May 16, 1962) is a political candidate from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. In 2011 he ran for the 5th District seat of the Pittsburgh City Council, which includes Squirrel Hill, Greenfield, Hazelwood, Lincoln Place, Swisshelm Park, Regent Square, Glen Hazel, Hays, and New Homestead. He has received endorsements from the Pittsburgh 14th Ward Independent Democratic Club, Democracy For America, and the Gertrude Stein Club. These organizations serve to educate voters by endorsing progressive candidates who promote democracy and civil rights.
Zurawsky currently serves as the secretary of the 14th ward Independent Democratic Club, where he was formerly president. 
Moreover, he is serving his third term as a committee member of the Allegheny County Democratic Committee. Zurawsky has been involved in the democratic process in the East End of Pittsburgh, and through his service, he has been an advocate for Pittsburgh voters.
Zurawsky grew up in Brentwood, Pennsylvania and graduated from St. Sylvester Grade School and Brentwood High School. He received his Bachelors in Journalism from the University of Pittsburgh, and he holds a Master of Science in Journalism from Columbia University and a Master of Science in Public Policy and Management from the University of Pittsburgh.
Zurawsky has worked as a journalist for the New Pittsburgh Courier, the McKeesport Daily News, The Philadelphia Inquirer, and the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review. He has taught Journalism at the University of Pittsburgh, Point Park University, and the University of Newcastle, Australia. Currently, Zurawsky is the Director of Communications and Public Affairs at the Association of American Cancer Institutes. In this position, Zurawsky helps cancer patients and their families throughout Pittsburgh by traveling to Capitol Hill to inform lawmakers about the life-saving work performed at cancer research centers like the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute’s Hillman Cancer Center.
Chris’ wife, Sarah Flanders, grew up on Murray Avenue and is a Taylor Allderdice High School graduate. They have two sons, Nicholas, a Central Catholic High School sophomore, and Peter, a 6th grader at Pitt’s Falk School. The family has owned a home in Squirrel Hill since 1999.
Chris is a member of St. Rosalia Parish, in Greenfield, as well as the Squirrel Hill Urban Coalition, the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation, Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, and the Rails-to-Trails Conservancy. He is also a board member of Home of Hope – U.S., a non-profit that works with the Salesian Sisters of Don Bosco, in southern India, to care for poor orphaned children.

</doc>
<doc id="31098046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098046" title="Darkwater (band)">
Darkwater (band)

Darkwater is a progressive metal band from Borås, Sweden. The band was formed late 2003 in the western parts of Sweden. During the first years of existence, they only did a few selected shows in Sweden while working on the material for their debut album. During summer and fall 2006, Darkwater recorded and mixed the album, and in early 2007, a deal was inked with the Swedish label Ulterium Records. 
The debut album “Calling the Earth to Witness” was released in May 2007 and received extremely good reviews from all around the world. Apparently, Darkwater’s blend of melodic and progressive metal was something the scene was craving, and while taking inspiration from bands like Symphony X, Dream Theater, Andromeda, and Evergrey, Darkwater managed to create a sound of their own.
In May 2008, Darkwater recorded and released a music video for the track “The play II” and in June they did their first show in the US, at the Bay Area Rock Fest together with Liquid Tension Experiment, Jeff Scott Soto among others.
After additional touring in Europe, participating e.g. at ProgPower Europe 2010, Darkwater released their second album "Where Stories End" in late 2010. Although differing slightly from the debut, being more direct and song-oriented than "Calling the Earth to Witness", the follow-up became equally critically acclaimed as the debut. A music video has been recorded and released for the opener of the album, "Breathe".
In September 2011, Darkwater participated at the 12th edition of ProgPower USA.
In 2013, the band announced via Facebook that they are working on their third album, which they anticipate will be released sometime in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31098070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098070" title="Tom Sewell (artist)">
Tom Sewell (artist)

Tom Sewell is a multi-media artist, designer, photographer, filmmaker, sculptor. He was presented "The Annual Award of Excellence" by the United Nations Society of Artists and Writers for his "Enigma of the Mill" and for his contribution to the Anti War/Peace Movement. His photography has been featured in the New York Times, Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition, Los Angeles Times, and the Wall Street Journal.
Minneapolis.
Tom Sewell was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota where he first worked as a display man for Dayton's Department Store and was mentored by Joseph Wright. He later assisted Carl Wienhart, the director of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He created the avant garde Bottega Gallery on Hennepin Avenue where he met his mentors Marcel Duchamp and Basil Langton.
Venice, California.
In the 60's Tom moved to Venice, California and began to explore art direction in television and film. In the 70's he began buying and restoring architecturally significant buildings making a major contribution to the restoration of Venice. After visiting the Soviet Union in the mid 80's (as one of the first citizen diplomats of that era), he became the publisher of "Main Magazine" a large format magazine that chronicled art, architecture and photography of the west coast.
Maui.
In the 90's Sewell moved to Maui and has become one of Hawaii's pre-eminent innovative artists. In 2006 Sewell was honored with a one-man show at the Schaefer International Gallery in the Maui Arts and Cultural Center. There he presented his multi-media installation Enigma of the Mill. He also does portraits of people, most notably poet W.S. Merwin, Tom's friend, who also lives on Maui. He produces art in his studio with the help of interns and assistants. An avid swimmer, Sewell begins each day with a vigorous ocean swim.
References.
http://www.tomsewell.com/

</doc>
<doc id="31098079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098079" title="Daniel Pickering">
Daniel Pickering

Daniel Pickering (born August 16, 1974) is a British TV/film producer, visual FX artist and animator, born in Whipps Cross, London, England.
Biography.
Daniel has an academic background in both electronic engineering & computer animation, he worked in special/visual FX as CGI consultant to Oscar winning Brian Johnson (special effects artist) (Alien and The Empire Strikes Back) <br>
In May 2007, Daniel was the main founder of the vfx/animation and production company Annix Studios, based in Pinewood Studios, England.
He most notably created the Cbeebies show "Little Charley Bear" narrated by James Corden, and the animated short film "Scragg 'n' Bones"."
In 2012 he was nominated for a Broadcast award.
As of 2013 Daniel is executive producing live action feature films, he recently executive produced the UK zombie comedy movie Stalled & the UK drama "Chicken" and is developing a live action feature film based on his childhood idol & is also executive producing Gerry Anderson's last 3D CGI animated feature film. <br>
As of 2014 Daniel is executive producing a biopic based on Noel Coward, starring Chris Colfer, Sir Ian McKellen, Vanessa Redgrave & Jonathan Pryce. 
References.
Annix Founders <br>
Little Charley Bear Website<br>
Cbeebies Little Charley Bear<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31098081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098081" title="Janaka Walgama">
Janaka Walgama

Major General Janaka Walgama RSP, USP, psc is the Commandant of the Defence Services Command and Staff College of Sri Lanka. Prior to the present appointment he was the Director General Operations at the Office of the Chief of Defence Staff. He was the General Officer Commanding 51 Division in Jaffna and Director General of Defence Intelligence also at the Office of the Chief of Defence Staff earlier.
During the war times he was the General Officer Commanding 22 Division in Trincomalee and Commander for 65 Division in Thunukkai (Kilinochchi).
Also he had been the Commandant of the Sri Lanka Military Academy at Diyatalawa and former Colonel Military Secretary at Army Headquarters.
He is a product of Nalanda College Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="31098084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098084" title="Shiva Thejus">
Shiva Thejus

Shiva Thejus (born December 26, 1982 as Siva Theja Sanna Reddy) is a Latin american and Indian actor and screenwriter. He played the title role in the film "Prince Vaali (film)".

</doc>
<doc id="31098094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098094" title="2002–03 Belgian Cup">
2002–03 Belgian Cup

The 2002–03 Belgian Cup was the 48th season of the main knockout competition in Belgian association football, the Belgian Cup. For the first time the quarter-finals were played in two legs.
Final rounds.
The final phase started in the round of 32 when all clubs from the first division entered the competition (18 clubs plus 14 clubs from the qualifications). All rounds were played in one leg except for the quarter-finals and the semifinals (in two legs). The final game was played at the Heysel Stadium in Brussels and won by Louviéroise against Sint-Truidense.

</doc>
<doc id="31098104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098104" title="HMS M21">
HMS M21

HMS "M21" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor. After service in the Mediterranean and the Dover Patrol, she struck a mine off Ostend in January 1918 and sank off Dover.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M21"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk VI gun removed from the HMS "Theseus". In addition to her 9.2 inch gun,she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. Due to the shortage of Bolinder diesel engines that equipped her sisters, she was fitted with 2 shaft triple expansion steam engines that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M21" ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the Sir Raylton Dixon & Co. Ltd shipyard at Govan in March 1915, launched on 27 May 1915, and completed in July 1915.
World War 1.
"M21" served initially in the Mediterranean from September 1915. On her return from the Mediterranean in September 1917, "M21" had her main 9.2in gun removed, as it was required for artillery use on the Western Front, and a BL Mk III 50-caliber gun was fitted in lieu. 
"M21" then served with the Dover Patrol from October 1917.
Loss.
"M21" struck a mine off Ostend on 20 October 1918. She was taken in tow to Dover, but sank off West Pier.

</doc>
<doc id="31098112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098112" title="Cafetería Rolando bombing">
Cafetería Rolando bombing

The Cafetería Rolando bombing was an attack on the Rolando cafe in Calle del Correo, Madrid, Spain which killed 13 people and wounded 71. Though no claim of responsibility was made, the attack is widely believed to have been carried out by the armed Basque separatist group ETA.
Background.
The Rolando Cafe was located on 4 Calle del Correo in Madrid, close to the General Directorate of Security, the headquarters of the Spanish Police. It was regularly frequented by members of the police force and security services.
The attack.
The bomb was placed at the entrance to the building and exploded on a Friday afternoon, during a busy lunchtime period. Over 300 people were eating in the neighbouring El Tobogan restaurant at the time of the explosion, two of whom were among the dead. The explosion caused significant damage to nearby buildings, shattering the windows of the nearby General Directorate of Security, while two cars parked nearby were totally destroyed. The bomb caused part of the Rolando Cafe's ceiling to collapse and guests staying in a pension above were injured due to falling through the gaps in the ceiling. The police immediately arrived and cordoned off the scene.
Two of the 12 initially killed and 11 of the injured were members of the police force however the wounded included the number two of the Spanish Political Police, with the remainder employees and customers of the cafe. A thirteenth victim died in 1977 of injuries suffered during the attack.
Responses and arrests.
The leadership of ETA was taken aback by the responses to the attack and on 15 September, issued a statement denying their responsibility, though implicitly defending the bombing, claiming that the cafe was full of police agents. This caused tensions within the group, with some members believing that the organisation had to admit responsibility for attacks carried out, even if the results were not those intended. The bombing gave those opposed to further liberalisation of the country, such as Blas Piñar, the opportunity to attack the Prime Minister Carlos Arias Navarro.
In the immediate period of confusion following the attack, some blamed the attack on the far right. The police, however, concluded that ETA were responsible and launched an operation against the group's infrastructure in Madrid. Initially the police also blamed the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) of cooperating in the attack, but the PCE energetically denied involvement. Reports that police officers had received a circular advising them not to go to the Rolando Cafe or stand outside the building added to the mystery surrounding the incident.
Leftists known to be sympathetic to ETA were arrested, including Eva Forest, wife of the Communist playwright Alfonso Sastre, Mari Luz Fernandez and her relatives, Lidia Falcón, the theatre director Vicente Sainz de la Peña, construction worker Antonio Durán, pilot Bernardo Badell and his wife María del Carmen Nadal, the actress María Paz Ballesteros, and the writer Eliseo Bayo. Between June 1975 and February 1976, courts dismissed the cases and released the defendants. However Eva Forest and Mari Luz Fernandez remained in prison as they were charged with complicity in the assassination of Luis Carrero Blanco one year before. However, neither Forest nor Luz Fernandez were tried for the Rolando bombing, as they were released in June 1977 as part of a general amnesty for political prisoners. In 1981 Lidia Falcón published a denunciation of Eva Forest which suggested that Forest's role in the Rolando attack had been considerable.
The government also offered a reward of one million pesetas for information leading to the capture of Juan Manuel Galarraga Mendizabal who they suspected of being a high ranking ETA figure involved in the bombing. Exact authorship of the bombing has however remained a mystery.

</doc>
<doc id="31098125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098125" title="Joachim Rittstieg">
Joachim Rittstieg

Joachim Rittstieg (b. 23 February 1937 in Berlin) is a retired secondary school mathematics teacher who has travelled in Mexico, Guatemala, Belize, Honduras and El Salvador, and has studied the Mayan calendar system as a 40-year hobby.
Biography.
Rittstieg began learning a Low German dialect during World War II at the age of six, when his family returned to the Angeln region of Schleswig-Holstein. Most historians identify Angeln as the homeland of the Angles who settled England in the post-Roman period, but Rittstieg declares his "Angeliter Platt" dialect to be closely related to Old Norse.
By 1959 he had become a maths teacher and sports coach. After learning Spanish, he went for six years to the Deutsche Schule of San Salvador, where he learned Quiché and became interested in Mayan chronology.
In 1975 he read historian Nigel Davies's book "The Aztecs" and learned about the Aztec city of Aztlán. The following year he met three Maya priests, with whom he conversed in Zuyua Than; he makes the outlandish, unsupported claim that this non-Indo-European Mayan language is somehow similar to his native Low German dialect.
In 2000 Rittstieg published his book "ABC der Maya," which details many of his extraordinary claims.
After reading a German translation of the Poetic Edda, he came upon the original Old Norse version on the Internet, which he said he could understand 70 percent of because of its similarity to his "Angeliter Platt" dialect.
Rittstieg's claims.
Following fringe theorist Ignatius L. Donnelly, Rittstieg identifies Aztlán with the mythical Atlantis.
He claims that the Dresden Codex points to an 8-tonne cache of 2,156 golden tablets contained in a stone chest, which he believes sank into Lake Izabal, Guatemala as a result of an earthquake that, he declares, coincided with a solar eclipse occurring on September 14, 1224. He declares that discovering the supposed lost tablets would at least equal in significance Heinrich Schliemann's rediscovery of Troy and Howard Carter's discovery of the tomb of Tutankhamun.
Rittstieg also postulates an imagined 470-year contact between Vikings and Mesoamericans, who supposedly killed the Vikings after blaming them for the destruction of the Toltec capital Tollan.
Rittstieg currently lives in Borgstedt, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The "Bild" expedition.
After many years of unsuccessfully seeking sponsors for an attempt to recover the archaeological treasure he believes to be at the bottom of Lake Izabal, by February 2011 Joachim Rittstieg had persuaded the exploitative and sensationalist "Bild" newspaper to mount an expedition. 
Accompanying him are reporter Tim Thorer, who previously covered the eruption of the Icelandic volcano Eyjafjallajökull and interviewed former Palermo mayor and determined Mafia opponent Leoluca Orlando; reporter Jürgen Helfricht, who previously took part in South African and Zambian expeditions; photographer Holm Röhner, who previously travelled to the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories, Russia and Bulgaria; videographer Claas Weinmann, who covered the largely peaceful 2011 Egyptian revolution from Cairo; and diving instructor Steffen Haufe, who has conducted previous underwater expeditions exploring shipwrecks.
The expedition ended up finding nothing but a pot located on the northern shore of Lake Izabel.

</doc>
<doc id="31098138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098138" title="Gabbert">
Gabbert

Gabbert is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 

</doc>
<doc id="31098141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098141" title="Brenda Lawson">
Brenda Lawson

Brenda Lawson (born 30 October 1967 in Nelson) is a New Zealand rower. Along with Philippa Baker she finished 4th in the Women's double sculls at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31098143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098143" title="The Mother of Kings">
The Mother of Kings

The Mother of Kings () is a Polish drama film, made in 1982 but not released until 1987, directed by Janusz Zaorski. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="31098155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098155" title="111 Brigade (Sri Lanka)">
111 Brigade (Sri Lanka)

The 111 Brigade is a formation of the Sri Lanka Army. The Brigade is responsible for the defense of the City of Kandy and the central province at large. It was formally known as the Area Headquarters Kandy and was renamed in 2011 coming under the 11th Division.
It traces its roots to the Central Commander’s Headquarters which was established in 1972 following the 1971 Insurrection under the command of Colonel E.J Divitotawela. In 1988, it was renamed as the 12 Division followed with another redesignation in 32 Division until it became to be known as the Area Headquarters on 23 October 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31098169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098169" title="HMS M20">
HMS M20

HMS "M20" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M20"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk VI gun removed from the HMS "Gibraltar". In addition to her 9.2-inch gun she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six-pound anti-aircraft gun. She was equipped with a four-shaft Bolinder two-cylinder semi-diesel engine with 640 horsepower that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty-nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M20" ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the Sir Raylton Dixon & Co. Ltd shipyard at Govan in March 1915, launched on 11 May 1915, and completed in July 1915.
World War 1.
"M20" served within the Mediterranean from August 1915 to December 1918. She did not return to Home Waters, paying off at Malta.
Disposal.
"M20" was sold on 29 January 1920 for mercantile service as an oil tanker and renamed 'Lima'.

</doc>
<doc id="31098174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098174" title="Tiny Wings">
Tiny Wings

Tiny Wings is an iOS game developed by German game developer Andreas Illiger, released on February 18, 2011.
Gameplay.
In "Tiny Wings", the player takes control of a bird whose wings are too small to fly. The goal of the game is to use hills in order to gain speed and flutter as long as possible. This is done by tapping and holding the screen in order to make the bird dive. The game play mainly revolves around timing your taps so that the bird slides down hills and flies up them. The game features special missions to upgrade the player's nest and increase their score multiplier. These challenges revolve around reaching specific islands or achieving certain feats a number of times in one game. The game's visuals are procedurally generated, making it look different every day. An alternative game mode allows the player to race against three other birds controlled by AI.
Reception.
The game has received highly positive reviews. Many reviewers praised the game's simple gameplay but complex nuances. IGN gave the game a score of 8.0/10 and said that it "comes together as a very playable simple pleasure." Slide to Play gave the game a perfect 4/4 and said that the game is "brilliant in its simplicity, originality, and ability to keep you coming back again and again." Games Pundit gave the game 8.5/10 saying that "It’s one of those games that you can just pick up and play to eat up 10 minutes of time and have some fun too." The game was featured by Apple senior vice president Scott Forstall as a "mind controllingly addictive game" at Apple's 2011 Worldwide Developer's Conference.
The game has been a major commercial success. It was the top grossing game in the App Store for two weeks from late February 2011 to early March when "Angry Birds Rio" took its place. The app was voted best iPhone game of the year in 2011 and has sold at least 6.5 million copies based on Apple's Game Center statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="31098177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098177" title="The State I Am In (film)">
The State I Am In (film)

The State I Am In () is a 2000 German drama film directed by Christian Petzold.
Further reading.
Gerhardt, Christina. "Working through the Past: Petzold's "The State I Am In". "Potsdamer Almanach". Göttingen: Wallstein Verlag, 2011. 31-42. [http://www.wallstein-verlag.de/9783835309388.html]

</doc>
<doc id="31098179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098179" title="Jakub Hottek">
Jakub Hottek

Jakub Hottek (born 24 June 1983 in Prague) is a Czech football midfielder who currently plays for MFK Karviná. His former club was MFK Zemplín Michalovce.

</doc>
<doc id="31098181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098181" title="Celine, Međimurje County">
Celine, Međimurje County

Celine is a village in Međimurje County, Croatia.
The village is administratively part of the Podturen municipality. It is located around 10 kilometres from the centre of Čakovec, the county seat of Međimurje County, with the closest villages including Sivica and Ferketinec.
History.
Between the 1857 and 1921 censuses, Celine was a hamlet that was considered part of Gornji Kraljevec, which was part of the Čakovec district () of Zala County in the Kingdom of Hungary until 1920. It then became part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Between 1941 and 1945, it was annexed to Hungary along with the rest of the Međimurje region. After World War II, it became part of Croatia within the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia.
Celine was considered a separate settlement in the censuses between 1931 and 1971, with its largest population in the period being 115 (in the 1953 census). It was again considered part of Gornji Kraljevec in the 1981 and 1991 censuses.
Following the independence of Croatia, Celine became a separate village in the Podturen municipality. A chapel was built in the village in 1999. The population of Celine in the 2001 census was 340.

</doc>
<doc id="31098194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098194" title="PBA Developmental League">
PBA Developmental League

The PBA Developmental League, or PBA D-League, is the Philippine Basketball Association's official minor league basketball organization.
History.
The PBA D-League was conceptualized after the proposed merger of the Philippine Basketball League and Liga Pilipinas failed after holding the "Tournament of the Philippines" which was composed by PBL and LP teams. 
Commissioner Chito Salud then proposed the formation of a D-League, which will fill the void left by the PBL. On January 25, 2011, the PBA Board of Governors approved the proposal.
The maiden tournament, named "Foundation Cup" began on March 12, 2011 at the Filoil Flying V Arena in San Juan. The tournament composed of 13 teams, with five teams (Junior Powerade, NLEX, Maynilad, Freego and Cafe France) having affiliation with existing PBA teams. Four teams (Cobra Energy Drink, Agri-Nature Inc./FCA, Pharex, and Cafe France) from the Philippine Basketball League filed for application in the PBA D-League, when they failed to acquire a sixth team in order to smoothly run the league. The NLEX Road Warriors became the champions of the tournament, winning two games to none against the Cebuana Lhuillier Gems.
The second tournament, dubbed as the "Aspirant's Cup" began on October 20. Four teams (Maynilad, Junior Powerade, Max Bond and Pharex) did not join the tournament. However, two new teams (Boracay Rhum and Informatics Icons) made their debut in the D-League.
Starting with the 2013–14 PBA season, the D-League will now have its own rookie draft.

</doc>
<doc id="31098208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098208" title="Jang Jae-in">
Jang Jae-in

Jang Jae-in (Hangul: 장재인, born June 6, 1991) is a South Korean singer-songwriter who finished third in the second season of the South Korean reality television series "Superstar K2". She is currently signed to Mystic89.
Life and career.
Early life.
Jaein was born in Gangjin-gun, Jeollanam-do, South Korea. She began writing songs at 15. She was an outstanding student but chose to drop out of high school to pursue a music career. Her original first name was So-min, but she changed her name to Jaein(which means "talented person" in Korean). At 16, she moved to Seoul and spent time busking on the streets of HongDae. After entering Howon University(music major), Jaein performed regularly in several live clubs in HongDae.
Career Beginnings: Superstar K2.
In 2010, Jaein appeared on "Superstar K2", placing third. She led the online poll for four consecutive weeks before entering the Top3 Week(in which she was eliminated) with second most online votes behind "John Park".
Discography.
Korean Albums
Korean Singles

</doc>
<doc id="31098212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098212" title="HMS M19">
HMS M19

HMS "M19" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M19"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk VI gun removed from the HMS "Edgar". In addition to her 9.2-inch gun she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. She was equipped with a four shaft Bolinder two-cylinder semi-diesel engine with 640 horsepower that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M19" ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the Sir Raylton Dixon & Co. Ltd shipyard at Govan in March 1915, launched on 4 May 1915, and completed in June 1915.
World War 1.
"M19" served within the Mediterranean from July 1915 to December 1915. On 4 December 1915, she was badly damaged by a gun explosion. She did not return to Home Waters, paying off at Mudros in 1919.
Disposal.
"M19" was sold on 12 May 1920 for mercantile service as an oil tanker and renamed 'Delapan'.

</doc>
<doc id="31098215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098215" title="Homens da Luta">
Homens da Luta

Homens da Luta (Men of the Struggle) is a Portuguese improvisational comedy and musical street performance group consisting of brothers Vasco Duarte (Falâncio) and Nuno Duarte "Jel" (Neto). Their songs are a parody of songs sung during the period after the 1974 Carnation Revolution, and the characters played are caricatures of the revolutionary singers of the time, such as Zeca Afonso and José Mário Branco. Homens da Luta often use the term "struggle" to invoke slogans that became famous during the revolutionary era, such as "A Luta Continua" (The Struggle Goes On).
In 2010 Homens da Luta released an mp3 album called "A Canção é uma arma" (The song is a weapon) consisting of 14 songs. One of their most popular songs is "E o povo, pá?" (What about the people, man?).
Eurovision Song Contest.
In 2010, Homens da Luta took part in the "RTP Song Festival 2010", with the song "Luta assim não dá" (The struggle can't go on like this). The song was disqualified as it had been previously performed, which was a breach of the rules of the Festival and the international ESC.
In 2011, they entered the contest again with the song "A luta é alegria" (The struggle is joy), lyrics by Nuno Duarte "Jel" and composed by Vasco Duarte. They were in sixth place until the public vote was counted, at which point they ended up on the first place, winning a place in Düsseldorf. They represented Portugal at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany, but did not gain enough votes from other countries for a place in the final round. Since the group are comedians and not singers, and because their victory was also based on popular support rather than the selected jury, there were some negative reactions to their win on the site of the contest.

</doc>
<doc id="31098217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098217" title="Akiko Ichikawa">
Akiko Ichikawa

Early life and education.
Ichikawa's family moved to the US, San Francisco, when she was three. She grew up in the suburbs of Boston, Massachusetts and Nashville, Tennessee. She attended Brown University and Hunter College's MFA program and currently lives and works in New York City.
Work.
Ichikawa's work is concept-based, existing in the mediums of performance art, sculpture and net.art. Her performances include a series of site-specific gifting performances called "Limited, Limited Edition" she presented at Socrates Sculpture Park, in Astoria, Queens; in Jamaica, Queens; at the Incheon Women Artists' Biennale in Incheon, South Korea; at On Stellar Rays gallery in the Lower East Side; in three locations in Newark, New Jersey for Aljira Center for Contemporary Art, in P.S. 101's school yard in East Harlem; and on H Street NE in Washington D.C. She has also performed two of Fluxus-member Alison Knowles's event scores, namely "#5 Wounded Furniture" and "#3 Nivea Cream Piece." The latter was live-blogged on Hyperallergic.com.
Ichikawa has also created has a series of blogs on Facebook around the themes of food, cultural identity, politics, and issues related to gentrification: "East Coast Japanese Americans, I ♥ Yellow Food, I ♥ Orange Food," "I ♥ Red Food," and "I ♥ Green Food". While not enthusiastic about Facebook's history of massive online-privacy violations, the artist nevertheless views the social media site as an effective, user-friendly way to reach as many viewers as possible.
Ichikawa has also written on contemporary art for "Flash Art", the Milan-based art magazine, on the work of Ken Lum, Laurel Nakadate, Dan Peterson and, for "NY Arts" magazine, the work of Jane and Louise Wilson and for "Zing Magazine", the work of Siah Armajani. Ichikawa's art before 2005 was primarily built around the placement and assembly of basic construction materials in open spaces. She presented one such installation for her solo exhibition at Momenta Art.
Family.
Akiko Ichikawa is the older sister of Yoko Ichikawa, an Oakland, California-based graphic designer who teaches part-time at San Francisco's Academy of Art University, and Rocksmith streetwear founder and president, Kenshin Ichikawa. Yoko is a graduate of Wesleyan University, Kenshin a graduate of Columbia University, who recently married food writer Nina Fallenbaum.

</doc>
<doc id="31098262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098262" title="Amber Coast">
Amber Coast

The Amber Coast is the name given to a coastal strip of the Baltic Sea in the northwest of Kaliningrad (Russia, Kaliningrad Oblast, Sambia Peninsula, formerly northern East Prussia in Germany). In this area amber (Baltic amber) has been excavated since the mid-19th century and up to today in open-pit mining.
History.
Scientists believe that amber was deposited during the Upper Eocene and Lower Oligocene in a delta of a prehistoric river, in a shallow part of a marine basin. In addition to the coast near Kaliningrad, amber is also found elsewhere in the Baltic Sea region. The deposits are found mostly in the "blue earth glauconite", a layer 1 to 17.5 meters thick found 25 to 40 meters from the surface. In addition to the Sambia region, amber is gathered in noticeable amounts at German, Polish and Lithuanian Baltic beaches (areas of the Bay of Gdańsk as well as the Vistula Lagoon), the western coast of Denmark and the Frisian Islands. Small amounts of Baltic amber can even be found outside the Baltic region, for example on the coastline of the south east of England. 
However, about 90% to 98% of all output of amber has been produced in the Sambia region (now a Russian exclave, formerly in Eastern Prussia and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth). The Sambian amber-producing region is a square of about 30–40 km (20–25 miles), although geologists estimate there are deposits beyond the region of the main excavations. A potential nearby source of amber is the Courish Lagoon. Amber excavation is overseen by the Russian Amber Company ("Ruskij Jantar").
The Amber Coast is mentioned as early as by Tacitus in his work "Germania".
Other uses.
Another coastal strip referred to as “amber coast” is the Costa de Ambar (also known as “Costambar”) in the west of Puerto Plata (Hispaniola, Dominican Republic). In this area there are a number of small shaft mines, from which is excavated the so-called “Dominican amber”. The Dominican amber production site is the world's second largest, although compared to the Baltic region it is "a distant second".

</doc>
<doc id="31098268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098268" title="Margaret à Barrow">
Margaret à Barrow

Margaret à Barrow (1500-1560/1569) was an English lady, well known for her learning.
Margaret was the wife of Thomas Elyot and the daughter of Sir Maurice à Barrow of North Barrow, Somerset.
Her second husband was James Dyer of Wincanton, Somerset. Her portrait was painted by Hans Holbein the Younger.

</doc>
<doc id="31098270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098270" title="Frank Ponta">
Frank Ponta

Francis Ettore Ponta (8 November 1935 – 1 June 2011) was an Australian Paralympic competitor and coach. He competed in several sports including basketball, pentathlon, swimming and fencing. A paraplegic, he lost the use of both his legs after a tumour was removed from his spinal column when he was a teenager. Ponta was a member of Australia's first national wheelchair basketball team, and is credited with expanding the sport of wheelchair basketball in Western Australia. At the end of his competitive career, he became a coach, working with athletes such as Louise Sauvage, Priya Cooper, Madison de Rozario, Bruce Wallrodt and Bryan Stitfall. He died on 1 June 2011 at the age of 75 after a long illness.
Early life and athletic career.
Ponta was born in the Perth suburb of Subiaco on 8 November 1935, as the eldest of nine children. In 1947 he moved to Geraldton because his father had a job there in the building trade. He attended Christian Brothers schools in Leederville and Geraldton.
At the age of fourteen or fifteen, he injured his back while diving off a wharf in Geraldton, which aggravated a tumour in his spinal column. The tumour was diagnosed when he was 17 and after it was removed, he lost the use of both his legs. He entered the spinal injury ward at Royal Perth Hospital in 1954 for rehabilitation, where he was trained in sports by John "Johno" Johnston.
When Ponta began his competitive career, he played several sports, in common with most paraplegic athletes at the time. He competed in basketball, pentathlon, swimming and fencing. Ponta was a member of the first national wheelchair basketball team for Australia, formed in 1956, mostly composed of players from the spinal injury ward of Royal Perth Hospital.
Competitive athletic career.
In 1957, Ponta competed at the Stoke Mandeville Games, the precursor to the Paralympic Games. He and teammate Bill Mather-Brown won a gold medal in Foil Novice team at the wheelchair fencing event. In the same year, Ponta and Mather-Brown also competed at the Welsh Challenge Cup, where the pair also won gold.
Ponta competed in five Paralympic Games, including the first one held in Rome in 1960. As a Paralympic competitor, he won a gold medal, two silver medals and a bronze medal. He competed in several sports including wheelchair racing, wheelchair fencing, swimming and wheelchair basketball. At the 1960 games, he competed in the Men's Precision Javelin, where he won a silver medal. He was a member of the Australian wheelchair basketball team at the 1962 Commonwealth Paraplegic Games in Perth. At the 1964 games in Tokyo, Ponta competed in Class 2 Men's swimming in the 25 m breaststroke event, where he failed to medal. At those same games, he also competed in the class 2 Men's 25 m Freestyle Supine event, where he won a gold medal. He also competed in wheelchair fencing at the 1964 Games in the Eppee Team event, where he did not medal, and the Men's Foil Novice Individual, where he won a silver medal. At the 1968 Tel Aviv Games, he competed in the Class 2 Men's 25 m Breaststroke event, where he failed to medal. He also competed in the Men's 25 m Backstroke, where he won a gold medal. He also competed in the 100 m Wheelchair race, the pentathlon complete, precision javelin open, slalom a, and in the wheelchair basketball team. He did not medal in any of these events. He competed without winning a medal at the 1972 Heidelberg Games in the discus, javelin, precision javelin, and the wheelchair basketball team. At the 1976 Toronto Games, he competed in the discus, javelin, pentathlon, precision javelin, and shot put events, and was also part of the wheelchair basketball team. He did not medal in any of these events.
Coaching career.
Ponta coached several medal winning Paralympic athletes including Louise Sauvage and Priya Cooper. He was Sauvage's first coach, starting when Sauvage was a junior competitor. Sauvage described Ponta's coaching style as patient.
Ponta was influential in developing junior wheelchair sports in Western Australia and the rest of the country. Ponta pushed junior athletes to make something of themselves and put an emphasis on sportsmanship. He is described by the Western Australian government as having devoted his life to the Wheelchair Sport Association as a coach and role model.
One of Ponta's coaching skills was identifying which events that junior athletes would excel at. He did this with several athletes, including Sauvage. He transformed her from a sprinter to a middle and long distance competitor.
Ponta coached Madison de Rozario, who won a medal at the 2008 Paralympic Games. de Rozario considers Frank Ponta one of her heroes. In 2003 and 2004, he coached athletics competitors Bruce Wallrodt and Bryan Stitfall, who had won a Western Australian Institute of Sport scholarship.
Wheelchair basketball.
Ponta is credited with developing wheelchair basketball in Western Australia. He is described as a pioneer of the sport. Organisations such as Australian Athletes With A Disability credit Ponta with being a driving force for the development of the sport in Western Australia. He is considered by organisations such as Disability Services Australia as one of the greatest wheelchair basketball players ever.
The Frank Ponta Trophy tournament was introduced by Basketball Australia in 2010.
Ponta coached the Western Australian youth team. He would remove any players who did not show good sportsmanship.
Personal life.
Ponta married Margaret, a nurse, in 1962. They had four children: Mark, Andrew, Tanya, and Jamie.
In July 2008, he had a stroke, which restricted his movement to his right arm and left him "virtually bedridden". Shortly after his stroke, he tried to get admitted to the quadriplegic centre in the Royal Perth Hospital Shenton Park Campus. His request was denied, despite having been one of the first patients at the campus. Several high profile individuals tried to intercede on his behalf including Sue Ellery, Louise Sauvage and Bill Mather-Brown. The hospital argued against admission on the grounds that Ponta was not a quadriplegic and should have been admitted to an aged care centre instead.
He died on 1 June 2011 in Perth after a long illness, at the age of 75.
Recognition.
Ponta received the Sir Ludwig Guttman Award in 1984, and the Lord's Taverners Award in 1989, from Wheelchair Sports Australia. He received the Australian Sports Medal in 2000; his citation said: "Basketball Paralympian - huge contribution to Junior w/c sports - team selector, team mgr coach". In 2003, at the Wheelchair Sports WA Annual Awards, Ponta was named the Coach of the Year. He received the Western Australian Citizen of the Year Award in 2007. In 2011, he was one of the first people to be inducted into the Australian Paralympian Hall of Fame, along with Louise Sauvage and George Bedbrook. In 2012, he was inducted into the International Paralympian Hall of Fame at a ceremony in London.

</doc>
<doc id="31098271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098271" title="Dicerandra christmanii">
Dicerandra christmanii

Dicerandra christmanii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Garrett's mint, yellow scrub balm, and Lake Wales balm. It is endemic to Highlands County, Florida, in the United States, where it is known from only four sites on the Lake Wales Ridge. All are contained within a tract of land measuring 6 kilometers by 3 kilometers. The plant is steadily declining due to the destruction and degradation of its habitat, and only one of the four occurrences is on protected land. It is a federally listed endangered species.
The plant was first collected in 1948 by Ray Garrett. Over the years it was included within the description of its close relative, "Dicerandra frutescens". In 1989 it was reexamined and named as a new species on the basis of the color of its anthers, its scent and certain related chemical compounds in the herbage, and the length of its leaves. "D. christmanii" has white or cream-colored flowers with yellow anthers, a menthol scent, and shorter leaves, while "D. frutescens" has cream flowers that fade to white, and purple or white anthers. The two are otherwise quite similar in appearance. "D. christmanii" is an aromatic shrub growing up to 1.3 feet tall. The squared, ridged stem and oppositely arranged leaves have many oil glands. Blooming occurs in summer and fall. Flowers occur singly or in whorls of three. Each is white to cream in color with purple spotting on the lobed lips. The yellow-anthered stamens protrude from the mouth of the corolla and bear white pollen. The anthers have spurs that trigger the release of pollen, a trait common to genus "Dicerandra". The plant is pollinated most often by "Exprosopa fasciata", a species of bee-fly.
This plant is one of many that is found only on Lake Wales Ridge, an area of very high endemism. The habitat is yellow-sand Florida scrub dominated by sand pines ("Pinus clausa"), several species of oak, and scrub hickory ("Carya floridana"). It does not occur together with "D. frutescens", but slightly to the north of its relative. The habitat is highly fragmented, with land in the area converted to citrus groves. Remaining parts are degraded, the wildfire-adapted habitat having been overgrown with dense vegetation in an era of fire suppression. The mint only grows in open areas in the canopy, space which is rare today as the larger and woody vegetation succeeds. Fire is also required to clear out leaf litter in the understory. Furthermore, plants of this species in open habitat are more likely to be visited by pollinators than plants under overgrown canopy.
Besides outright habitat loss and lack of a natural fire regime, threats to the species include drought and the invasive weed cogon grass ("Imperata cylindrica"). The plant has a limited ability to disperse its seeds, and this is reduced more by the fragmentation of the habitat. Off-road vehicles and trash dumping may affect the area.
Because "D. frutescens" was already on the endangered species list, "D. christmanii" was given that status when it was separated and named a new species. It is considered "one of the most critically endangered plant species on the Lake Wales Ridge," among many endangered species.

</doc>
<doc id="31098280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098280" title="Abigail McKern">
Abigail McKern


</doc>
<doc id="31098311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098311" title="HMS M22">
HMS M22

HMS "M22" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor. Later converted to a minelayer and renamed HMS "Medea" , she was wrecked whilst being towed for breaking up on 2 January 1939.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M22"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk VI gun removed from the HMS "Gibraltar". In addition to her 9.2 inch gun she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. Due to the shortage of Bolinder diesel engines that equipped her sisters, she was fitted with 2 shaft triple expansion steam engines that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M22" ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the Sir Raylton Dixon & Co. Ltd shipyard at Govan in March 1915, launched on 10 June 1915, and completed in August 1915.
World War 1.
"M22" served within the Mediterranean from September 1915 to December 1918.
Interwar Service.
After service in the Black Sea from June to September 1919, "M22" was towed home and converted to a minelayer in 1920. Renamed HMS "Medea" on 1 December 1925, she became a training ship in January 1937.
Disposal.
HMS "Medea" was sold December 1938 for breaking up, however she ran aground at Trevose Head, near Padstow in Cornwall on 2 January 1939 and was wrecked.

</doc>
<doc id="31098313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098313" title="Gregory Davis">
Gregory Davis

Gregory Davis (born 1979) is an English spree killer and former art student who was convicted of the double manslaughter of Dorothy Rogers and her son Michael Rogers in 2003. He is currently serving an indefinite sentence in Littlemore Hospital.
Early life.
Gregory Davis was born to a respectable family residing in Great Linford, Buckinghamshire, England as the son of a civil engineer and a care assistant. He attended secondary school at The Radcliffe School.
Art studies.
Davis first studied art during his sixth form, and later at Northampton University. One of his works of art made during this period consisted of a trophy plaque bearing the names of his favourite serial killers.
Murders.
Davis was himself planning to be a serial killer and used his diary to plot to murder. Progressing on a diary entry that spoke of a desire to kill ad infinitum "all over the world" he eventually went on a murder spree on January 28, 2003. Working his way through a compiled hit list he first paid visit to Stewart Johnson who escaped as kitchen fitters were working in his home. Davis then continued down the list to Stantonbury where the home of Dorothy Rogers failed to put up an obstacle to his murder aspirations.
Trial and imprisonment.
On 15 December 2003 Davis stood trial at Luton Crown Court and pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. Mr Justice Richard Aikens accepted the plea after a team of five psychiatrists diagnosed him with major depressive disorder, social anxiety disorder, alcohol dependence and to be suffering from a psychotic episode at the time of the crime. He was given an indefinite sentence to be served at Broadmoor Hospital. In 2009 he was transferred to Littlemore Hospital where he is allowed out on short release.
A Mental Health Review Tribunal will decide on his eventual release in July, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31098315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098315" title="Markus Mendler">
Markus Mendler

Markus Mendler (born 7 January 1993) is a German footballer who plays for 2. Bundesliga side 1. FC Nuremberg.
International career.
Mendler represents the German national under-20 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="31098328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098328" title="Parkway Theatre">
Parkway Theatre

Parkway Theatre, also known as the Rolland Theatre and since 1952 as the Holy House of Prayer for All People, is a historic former theater at 1768 St. John's Pl. and Eastern Parkway in Brownsville, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1928 and is a steel frame and concrete building faced in buff colored brick with terra cotta trim. It consists of a long and low three story block along St. Johns Place, with a triangular lobby block fronting a tall rectangular plan auditorium block and stage fly loft block.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31098341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098341" title="Elmira, Illinois">
Elmira, Illinois

Elmira is an unincorporated community in Stark County, Illinois, United States. Elmira is located on Illinois Route 93 west of Bradford.

</doc>
<doc id="31098358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098358" title="Norman Ettlinger">
Norman Ettlinger


</doc>
<doc id="31098372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098372" title="Sisters of the Holy Childhood of Jesus and Mary">
Sisters of the Holy Childhood of Jesus and Mary

The Sisters of the Holy Childhood of Jesus and Mary, known also as Sisters of Ste-Chrétienne, are a Roman Catholic congregation founded in 1807 by Madame Anne-Victoire Méjanes, née Tailleux, for the education of girls and the care of the sick poor.
At the invitation of bishop Jauffret of Metz, Mme Méjanes and her community went from Argancy to Metz and took up their abode in the Abbey of St. Glossinde, where, on 20 April 1807, they bound themselves by vow to follow the statutes drawn up for them by the bishop. Their numbers soon increased. On 31 December 2010 there are 191 sisters in 36 communities.
The religious are divided into choir and lay sisters, the latter occupied with the domestic care of their various institutions, the former engaged in the works peculiar to higher schools, industrial schools, and orphanages. The vows are made annually for ten years, after which final vows are taken.
The congregation received the approval of the Holy See in 1888, and its statutes were granted papal approbation in 1899.
The sisters have houses in France, Austria, Hungary, Georgia, Canada, and the United States. There is a novitiate of the congregation in Salem, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="31098375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098375" title="Network of Free Ulema – Libya">
Network of Free Ulema – Libya

The Network of Free Ulema – Libya is a group of senior religious leaders, or ulama, from all areas of Libya. Due to the persistent security constraints with families and associates of those opposing Muammar Gaddafi being taken hostage none of the names of members have been released. However they have been very vocal in the international media throughout the Libyan civil war, releasing a constant stream of statements, appeals, calls, endorsements, responses and fatwas. Since the liberation of Libya the Network of Free Ulema have formed a larger organization of Libyan religious scholars called the League of Libyan Ulema, headed by Sheikh Umar Abdul Hamid al Mawlud.
Members of the Network.
The members of the network are senior Muslim religious scholars, or ulama, and each has various specializations and different tribal backgrounds from around Libya. According to the background of the Network posted on the bottom of a press release the members make up a mixture of high-level figures, including senior judges, lawyers, doctors, engineers, university professors, and intellectuals, as well as Sufi teachers, writers and poets. According to the write up on the network these include a proportion of young people, and both men and women. Individuals are predominantly educated in Libya, however there are apparently also a number of individuals who have also been educated abroad. According to the Network's statements they come from a diverse group of "different schools and outlooks" and they believe "in the richness of plurality, and the wisdom of dialogue and communication with all other faiths and cultures."
The network points to the suppression of civil society activity and the strength of the Gaddafi regime over its people during the four decade long reign of Muammar Gaddafi. They emphasize however about the Libyan civil society that their network:
Official Statements Libyan civil war.
Press Releases.
A number of press releases have been released in reaction to the civil war against the former Gaddafi regime.
As the government responded to peaceful protests with massive violence the Libyan clerics released their first statement. The statement came from 'religious Scholars (Faqihs and Sufi Sheikhs), intellectuals, and clan elders from Tripoli, Bani Walid, Zintan, Jadu, Msalata, Misrata, Zawiya, and other towns and villages of the western area of our beloved Libya to all of humanity, to all men and women of good will'.,
On 21 February, the Network of Free Ulema called for full rebellion against the Gaddafi regime in Libya. This came after a massive crackdown on peaceful protest by the use of aircraft weaponry, and heavy artillery. The clerics called immediately for people's action against the regime, stating that is a religious duty to oppose tyranny and repression. They suggested that the actions of Gaddafi's government renders them 'undeserving of any obedience or support, and makes rebelling against them by all means possible a divinely ordained duty upon every able Muslim, male or female, to the extent of their capacity.' They also supported Sheikh Sadiq al Ghriani's fatwas against the government. The statement also called for the immediate release of Ghriani.
Addressing an increasing humanitarian crisis after a number of days of protest and violent reprisals from state security forces the network appealed to heads of state and heads of international organizations for urgent assistance. The Network of Free Ulema, specifically asked the international community to 'immediately stop the genocide and crimes against humanity that are...being inflicted upon the Libyan people', and also 'to open up corridors, and borders, for the URGENT supply of medical and humanitarian aid, including mobile hospitals and hospital ships.'
After the understanding both in Libya and internationally, that mercenaries were being used to carry out acts of violence that Libyan soldiers may not be willing to carry out, such as the shooting of civilians the network launched an appeal to the international community of nations, of faiths, and of the international civil society. They launched an appeal seeking desperate help to stop the supply of mercenaries to Gaddafi into Libya, appealing to neighbour countries not to allow mercenaries to be flown from their nations, and to take both political and/or legal action against the companies in the security and aerospace that are providing services to Gaddafi. They also argued that these organizations or countries that were either directly or in directly involved in the supply of mercenaries that were being used to quell peaceful protest with massive violence would be seen as facilitating crimes against humanity, and could be pursued through the International Criminal Court.
The popular support of the rebellion against Gaddafi, and the refusal of Gaddafi to engage constructively with the protesters, and then a violent clampdown on protest, meant that an alternative political process became viable for recognition in Libya. The tone of such an alternative political process was underlined by those leading the revolution that started on 17 February. These were generally democratic in principle. The religious leaders of the Free Ulema network echoed the broader sentiment calling for the 'establishment of a new democratic government that is constitutional and that respects divinely endowed and internationally recognized human rights, the peaceful transition of power, diversity, an elected and clean government, the separation of powers (with checks and balances), that sincerely and faithfully strives to serve the brave men, women, and children of Libya with transparency, piety, and devotion. We call upon all Muslims, male and female, to support this new government and to work hard to protect our sovereign and united Libya and its capital Tripoli.
After it became clear that the United Nations Security Council and the international community as a whole were willing to move diplomatically against Muammar Gaddafi, the clerics made a call for international humanitarian efforts. They explained that thousands had already been killed, mirroring a figure that had been suggested by a number of media sources.
A petition was also started to support the calls of the clerics on a prominent online petition website.
Because of major popular support for the uprising in Libya an interim government was created in the eastern-Libyan city of Benghazi, which was one of the first cities that experienced upheaval. The Network of Free Ulema immediately supported this entity as an alternative to Gaddafi's waning regime, and released an endorsement and statement of support for the Interim government. Their statement pointed to the mass bloodshed that on religious, humanitarian and moral grounds made Gaddafi's government illegitimate. It went on to support the sequence of Declarations of the Revolution of 17 February 2011, and the announcement of the formation of the newly created Libyan interim government in Benghazi by the lawyer Mustafa Abdel Jalil.
The continued use of State television by the Gaddafi regime became a specific issue, once it became obvious that the remaining Gaddafi infrastructure was using the state television broadcasting system to call for mass violence against young protesters who were accused of being par of an Al Qaeda plot, and causing mass violence caused by hallucinogenic tablets. The statement was specifically addressed to the managers of broadcasting services and bandwidth-provision companies, who were said to be complicit in the broadcast of calls for violence. In particular Intelsat, Eutelsat, NileSat, and ArabSat were picked out as the organizations providing satellite capacity for the broadcast of Libyan state television. They appealed for a cessation of all broadcasting ability that was being accorded to a regime that has been accused of committing systematic crimes against humanity.
After their own endorsement of the interim national council on 27 February 2011, the clerics representing the Network of Free Ulema issued a call for all nations and then international organizations to formally recognize Libya’s new interim council and government. They argued that the best way to offer support to the Libyan people was through the recognition of and engagement with the interim leadership.
The Network's website cited a list of cities, towns, regions, and organisations that supported the interim national council and government including Asabi’a, Zuwara, Gharyan, Yafran, Janzur, Nalut, Zawiya, Khoms, 'Aziziya, Qasr Bin Gashir, Zintan, Zelten, Jadu, Tamzin, Misrata, Bani Walid, Msallata, Ra's Lanuf, Brak, Ajdabiya, Jalu, Awjila, Kufra, Benghazi, Marj, Bayda, Derna, Tubruk, and Jaghbub. 'Many Divisions of the Libyan Army and Police have also declared their support, and a military coordination council has been successfully formed. Muslim scholars such as the Network of Free Ulema, and Sheikh al-Sadiq al-Ghriani have also firmly endorsed the interim national council and government. Our youth who started this remarkable transformation, through such youth networks as the Libyan Youth Movement, also support this interim council and government.'
The first week of March saw increasing diplomatic pressure against Gaddafi's government, and a number of overtures by the international community towads the Interim Transitional National Council, including a press statement by the French government which stopped just short of full recognition of the Benghazi based entity. The first Arab overtures to the National Council came from the international cooperation organization of the Arab states of the Persian Gulf. The Foreign Minister of the United Arab Emirates, H.E. Sheikh Abdallah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, said in a foreign ministers' meeting of the Gulf Cooperation Council, held in Abu Dhabi on 7 March "we call on the international community, especially the UN Security Council, to face their responsibilities in helping the dear people of Libya." He went on to put forward one of the strongest calls yet for action, saying that the "massacres committed by the regime against their own citizens are crimes against humanity that require condemnation". The Gulf Cooperation Council ministers were united in their condemnation of the use of weapons against civilians and appealed to both the United Nations and the Arab League to safeguard the Libyan people.
On International Women's Day 2011 the Network of Free Ulema – Libya released a statement speaking about the contribution of women to the fight against Gaddafi, and the central role of women to the construction of a 'free Libya'. They also expressed support for this year's theme, of 'equal access to education'.
After a series of brutal attacks, detentions, and one instance of a journalist being killed by Gaddafi's forces the Network released a statement to put their full weight behind the free media, and against the propaganda machinery of Gaddafi supported TV. The campaign of intimidation against free journalists and the jamming of respectable and open international media is a key aspect of Gaddafi's reasserted hold over the Libyan population, who can increasingly only watch stage-managed pro-Gaddafi media content. The reports on Gaddafi supported news media bear scant resemblance to the facts that are reported either by witnesses or by the international media as a whole.
Statements.
Shortly after it became known to the public the Network released a statement in regard to the peace negotiation proposal from Hugo Chavez to Gaddafi and his regime. The network argued that the alleged crimes against humanity that were committed by Gaddafi and his associates against the broader Libyan population rendered them illegitimate, and that the interim council with broad-based support from a majority of the populace was the legitimate conduit by through with to approach Libya with regarding international action.
Public Comments and Interviews with News Media.
Public Comments.
On 3 March 2011, during a campaign of intimidation, prior to an expected demonstration after Friday Prayer on 4 March, where social media nodes, young people speaking to international media, and prominent critics of Gaddafi's circle were being kidnapped and allegedly tortured, the Network of Free Ulema released a public comment. Some sources also suggested that family members of individuals have been taken hostage and used as leverage. The comment read:
Views on the Future Libyan Government.
The statements and interviews of the Network of the Free Ulema reference a number of issues that paint a picture of their desires for a post-Gaddafi Libyan nation. Through these they seem to position themselves a moral voice or authority for Libya rather than as an entity with explicit political power. This sets them up in contrast to the politically entrenched position of the Iranian clergy, but also in contrast to the political apologia or apathy of many other national Muslim leaders.
Role of Religion in Politics.
The Network underlines a separation of religious authority and political authority. In all statements that have been released the group has emphasized that they are not a political party. They see themselves as holders of moral authority suggesting that their "only agenda is that of upholding the highest religious, spiritual, moral, and human values, and the service of our beloved Libya."
The Network have in a number of different places asserted that idea that Libya should have a liberal and democratic political structure with inspiration and advice derived from religious leaders, seeing an integrated place for religion in public life, contrary for example to the secularism that exists in France. See this excerpt from interview with a member:
Sovereignty and Transition.
The Network speaks about the need for a solution to the Libyan crisis that does not require foreign intervention. Probably from fears of becoming another Afghanistan or Iraq, the Network has stressed that any activity from foreign militaries must go through the interim country, so that it doesn't 'violate Libyan sovereignty': See excerpt from interview with media:
Views on the New Constitution.
There are some references to the desires that the Network has for the new constitution. Interestingly the network speaks about both 'divinely endowed' and 'internationally recognized' human rights, pointing to the possibility that the future government may not see a conflict between Islamic values and international treaties, as has been seen in other countries:
Perspective on Women.
The network made an interesting pronouncement on International Women's Day. They saw the day, as being a rallying call for liberty, both of Libyan people in general, but also of Libyan women in particular “May the significance of this special day, become an inspiration for a New and Free Libya.” This suggests that the future of Libya post Gaddafi might be one where women are not subject to constraint by ultra-conservative clerics. The clerics seeming to hold a quite progressive view on the place of women in society. Author Shelina Janmohammed commented on her popular blog about the pronouncement: 'It’s great to see this worldliness in the Ulema, and their recognition of the importance of women and the status and respect that they deserve. It gives me some hope for change.' 
Religious Duty to Oppose Tyranny.
At the beginning of the revolution the Network released a call for rebellion by the Libyan population against the Gaddafi regime. This call gained significant attention, with reports coming in both traditional media and also in theological-focused texts. Some authors have been skeptical of this, however in an interview with an Italian news agency an anonymous member of the group pointed to the general consensus around the world against Gaddafi:
Post-Liberation Establishment of the League of Libyan Ulema.
On the 6th February 2012, in Tripoli members of the Network came together with senior Libyan religious clerics to announce the formation of the League of Libyan Ulema. The league is headed by Sheikh Dr Umar Abdul Hamid al Mawlud and includes a scholarly council of senior Sheikhs.

</doc>
<doc id="31098382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098382" title="Home Theater Network">
Home Theater Network

Home Theater Network (HTN) was an American premium cable television network that was owned by Group W Satellite Communications. Targeted at a family audience, the channel focused primarily on theatrically released motion pictures, along with travel interstitials that aired between select films.
History.
Home Theater Network launched on September 1, 1978. The service operated initially for four hours a day, and later expanded its schedule to 12 hours a day; HTN was notable for airing non-exclusive G and PG-rated films (prior to 1984, when the PG-13 rating was first introduced by the Motion Picture Association of America). The channel boasted a policy of not running R-rated feature films (predating the launch of family-oriented multiplex services by HBO, Showtime, Starz and Encore that also omitted R-rated films from their schedules), and marketed itself as a lower-priced alternative to HBO, Cinemax, Showtime (which Group W later owned in part, making HTN a "de facto" sister network to Showtime from 1982, when it acquired TelePrompTer Corporation, to 1983) and The Movie Channel.
Prior to The Disney Channel's April 1983 launch, Walt Disney Pictures licensed select live-action films to many premium cable networks (including HBO, Showtime and Spotlight); as a result, HTN featured Disney fare such as "Freaky Friday", "Snowball Express", "Pete's Dragon", "Bedknobs and Broomsticks" and "The North Avenue Irregulars". Other films that HTN featured included "Xanadu" and "The Private Eyes". In addition, the channel showcased travel-related programming as filler between films, billing these segments as "The Travel Channel".
From 1984 to 1985, Home Theater Network aired a live 90-minute call-in trivia program called "Movie Talk America", in a Thursday primetime timeslot that was typically used to broadcast feature films. Hosted by Earle Ziff, the popular program would feature live calls from viewers as they competed for various prizes, as well as celebrity interviews and promotions for upcoming programs to be seen on HTN.
In October 1986, Group W Satellite Communications announced that it would shut down the network, citing a lack of subscriber growth despite a positive cash flow. Home Theater Network shut down on January 31, 1987, and Group W sold the transponder slot on Satcom 3-R and the "Travel Channel" name to Trans World Airlines to launch the present-day basic cable channel now known as the Travel Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="31098392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098392" title="Year-in-review">
Year-in-review

A year-in-review is any sort of publication which is traditionally released on an annual basis to cover the events of the past year from the perspective of the contributors to the publication. Years-in-review are often intended to highlight the highs and lows of the events which occurred throughout the year, and often include select works published during the year which are considered by the editors of the year-in-review to be the most memorable works of the year. Years-in-review are often used to list "Top Ten" lists voted upon by hired critics and reviewers of other media.
On broadcast media, years-in-review (also called "Countdowns") are segments of regular series or annual specials which offer mini-documentaries summarizing the highs and lows of the prior year.
Non-entertainment.
Outside of strictly-news and entertainment-oriented media, the term "year-in-review" can also apply to any statistical internal overview of an organization's performance in comparison to prior years of operation. 

</doc>
<doc id="31098393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098393" title="T. R. Sesha Iyengar">
T. R. Sesha Iyengar

T. R. Sesha Iyengar (1887-1939) was an Indian historian and Dravidologist who is remembered for his authorship of the book "Dravidian India".

</doc>
<doc id="31098409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098409" title="Industrial Complex at 221 McKibbin Street">
Industrial Complex at 221 McKibbin Street

Industrial Complex at 221 McKibbin Street is a historic industrial complex in East Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York, New York. The complex consists of ten interconnected structures built between about 1845 and 1951. The most prominent building is the three story brick spinning house of the H. Lawrence & Sons Rope Works built before 1870. In addition to rope manufactures the complex had cardboard manufactures, glass making, knitting, silk weaving, and wood working.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31098432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098432" title="Elena Yakovleva">
Elena Yakovleva

Elena Alexeevna Yakovleva (Russian "Елена Алексеевна Яковлева"; born March 5, 1961 in Novohrad-Volynskyi) is a Russian actress known for her roles in such films as "Intergirl" and "Encore, Once More Encore!" as well as for the main role in the popular TV-series "Kamenskaya". She is a long-term actress in the Moscow Sovremennik Theatre. In 2002 Yakovleva was awarded the title People's Artist of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31098447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098447" title="The Black Panther (1977 film)">
The Black Panther (1977 film)

The Black Panther is a 1977 British thriller film directed by Ian Merrick and starring Donald Sumpter, Debbie Farrington and Marjorie Yates. Ex-soldier turned armed robber Donald Neilson kidnaps a teenage heiress.
A true case, with details verified from primary sources and limited dramatic licence, the film was heavily attacked in the media on first release, with interviewer Sue Lawley calling the film "sick" on the BBC's "Tonight" programme. but John Patterson for "The Guardian" commented on its DVD and Blu-ray release in 2012 that it "emerges as a meticulous, tactful, well-made and highly responsible true-crime movie".

</doc>
<doc id="31098448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098448" title="ILM Academy">
ILM Academy

The ILM Academy is India’s first Electronic music school. The ILM Academy was first started in Bangalore and is currently located in DLF Phase 1, Gurgaon - Delhi NCR.
Founding.
The academy was started in 2009 by Nakul Vagale and his partner with the intention to provide quality music education in India. Music is essence cannot be taught but can be experienced and passed down from musician to musician through experience and interpretation. With the advent of the Internet, information once inaccessible is now freely available to all, but the sheer amount of information available can be mind-boggling. With little or no control of the quality of information being passed and often unreliable practices, a student in the field would not know what is right or where to begin. 
At ILM Academy, the founders of the institute understood this and formulated a teaching approach, where practicing musicians act as guides rather than teachers and help students along their musical paths to achieve their learning.
In April 2012, ILM Academy, Gurgaon (Delhi-NCR) was founded by the ILM Academy original founder Nakul Vagale along with longtime supporter, friend and benefactor of the academy DJ/ Producer Arjun Vagale (Jalebee cartel).
Purpose.
At the ILM Academy, students are presented with the right information with a view to use that information when presented with a real world scenario. The intent is to present students with a real world situation and help them reach their musical goals. Though concentration is on Electronic Music and related fields, the courses at institute are not genre specific.
ILM Academy courses.
Courses at ILM Academy are normally 2 hours are day - 2 days a week with additional projects and practice time at the studio's. Though a minimum is set, students can avail of the studio facilities throughout their course duration subject to booking and availability.
A 3 month comprehensive program on DJ'ing. Students learn their basics on Turntables and progressive with technology onto CD players and then are introduced to Digital DJ'ing. This course also covers business aspects of the industry such as Marketing ones services, Music Business, Event management, Communication and presentation skills.
Digital DJ's are the musicians of tomorrow, combing their skill on hardware such as CD players and Turntables coupled with midi able devices and software, a DJ knows no bounds to performance. Once students have mastered the hardware decks, they are exposed to the Digital world of DJ'ing to take their performance to the next level through a 1 month crash course. But mind-you, ILM Academy strongly believes in Hardware before software, at least till records and CD become obsolete. 
As the name suggests, students will learn to make music electronically using software on a computer. Primarily music software included is Ableton.
Students spend 5 months learning the fundamentals of EMP and the software platforms. Multiple other such Music Software exist, with the applications performing mostly the same tasks with a different GUI. The course comprises 3 modules : 
As the Dj craze catches on, it has become more and more difficult for serious artists to present themselves simply as DJ's. It is now as important for Djs to produce music to further their careers and get recognition. Music production is not so much a revenue generator for Dj's as much as a means to market ones self through spreading their unique sound and further giving them the ability to play and perform original music that they have created. The Academy developed the course over a period of two years at their gurgaon facility to introduce the 9 month DJ producer course. The course combines the EMP, DJ and Digital DJ individual course into a 9 month long part-time course allowing enough practice and self exploration time in the studio. Students who avail this course are benefited by learning music production first and then Dj'ing as recommended by the academy unlike other trainers who would go traditionally with DJ'ing before production.
The Audio Engineering Course at ILM, is unique in such form that the basis of the course is music. Expanding from the EMP course, the AE course including Audio Studio and related subjects:
Recording, Microphones and micking techniques, Analog and digital mixers, Routing, Laying down a track, mix downs and mastering; as well as more Mass media related audio work such as dubbing, voiceovers, jingles, background scores, Sound design techniques and Business of Music.
All of this is packed into a mere 1 year of intense hand-on classes with numerous projects and submissions.
Associations and support.
The courses are not accredited to or supported by the Indian government, nor any domestic or international universities. Based on their teaching style, methodology and reputation of the team concerned, Courses at ILM Academy are supported by Industry leaders in the Audio Industry including:
References.
Jalebee Cartel

</doc>
<doc id="31098468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098468" title="Animal Crush Video Prohibition Act of 2010">
Animal Crush Video Prohibition Act of 2010

The Animal Crush Video Prohibition Act of 2010, , was a law that addressed the banning of depictions of cruelty to animals to satisfy a crush fetish. The bill, , was introduced by Rep. Elton Gallegly (R-CA), and primarily modifies .
Background.
The act revises a previous law, , that was ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court in "United States v. Stevens". The previous law, , enacted on December 9, 1999, aimed at banning the publication, sale, and ownership of so-called "crush videos", which are films that feature a person or another animal crushing or trampling another smaller animal to death. In 2010, the Supreme Court ruled that the law was too vague and broad in United States v. Stevens, and, in an 8-1 decision, it nullified the 1999 law.

</doc>
<doc id="31098473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098473" title="Katarzyna Pakosińska">
Katarzyna Pakosińska

Katarzyna Pakosińska (born April 9, 1972) is a Polish actress, comedian and former member of Polish cabaret group Kabaret Moralnego Niepokoju.
Biography.
Pakosińska was born in Warsaw on April 9, 1972 to a family with Crimean Tatar roots. In 1991 she graduated from Arts High School and began Polish studies at the University of Warsaw.
Since 1996 to 2011, she was a member of cabaret group Kabaret Moralnego Niepokoju.
With her ex-husband, Tomasz, Pakosińska has a daughter, Maja. They live in Milanówek.

</doc>
<doc id="31098485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098485" title="Bluff Downs fossil site">
Bluff Downs fossil site

The Bluff Downs fossil site is a paleontological site of Pliocene age in northern Queensland, Australia, and is the most significant fossil site of the Pliocene age in Australia. The fossil site lies on the banks of Allingham Creek on the pastoral property of Bluff Downs Station.
Fossil fauna.
The Bluff Downs fossils are about four million years old, dating from the Pliocene period. Geologically they come from the Allingham Formation which comprises a sequence of terrigenous clays, silts, sands, calcareous sands and limestones. In the Pliocene the site was a wetland environment containing a diverse fauna, including fish, reptiles, birds and mammals. Examples are the:

</doc>
<doc id="31098498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098498" title="Globe Roundabout">
Globe Roundabout

Globe Roundabout (or Earth Roundabout) is a roundabout in the Sultanate of Oman, located in the industrial city of Sohar. The roundabout is famous for being the center of 2011 Omani protests.

</doc>
<doc id="31098508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098508" title="Fred &amp; Eric">
Fred &amp; Eric

Fred & Eric is a British multidisciplinary creative agency based in London, specialising in design, illustration and animation with an emphasis on mixing traditional craft with modern techniques.
The company was founded in March 2011 by former Mr & Mrs Smith Design Ltd employees Jamie Pigram (Head of Production), Sarah Killeen (Managing Director) & Maggie Rogers (Creative Director).
Fred & Eric's branding focuses on the ampersand in their logo, using it to show their eagerness for collaboration by inviting other creatives to submit their own ampersands to the Fred & Eric blog every month, regularly reinterpreting the brand marque by doing so.
Since their launch Fred & Eric have received positive press support, appearing on The Campaign Live Website and design blog FormFiftyFive.
In April 2011 one of Fred & Eric's handmade Ampersand Designs appeared on the cover of Design Week Magazine alongside an article profiling the company.

</doc>
<doc id="31098527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098527" title="Andrés Molteni">
Andrés Molteni

Andrés Molteni (born March 15, 1988) is a professional tennis player from Argentina. He competes mainly on the ATP Challenger Tour and ITF Futures, both in singles and doubles. He reached his highest ATP singles ranking, No. 185 on March 7, 2011, and his highest ATP doubles ranking, No. 197, on January 31, 2011.
He claimed his first Challenger singles title by winning the 2011 Challenger Salinas Diario Expreso in Salinas, Ecuador. Then he won against his compatriot Horacio Zeballos 7–5, 7–6(4).

</doc>
<doc id="31098529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098529" title="Horrible">
Horrible

Horrible is an EP by the rock group Half Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="31098543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098543" title="HMS M23">
HMS M23

HMS "M23" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor. After service in the Mediterranean and the Dover Patrol, she was also served in the British intervention in Russia in 1919. Converted to the RNVR drillship "Claverhouse" in 1922, she served in that capacity at "Dundee" until 1958.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M23"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk VI gun removed from the HMS "Grafton". In addition to her 9.2-inch gun, she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. She was equipped with a four-shaft Bolinder four-cylinder semi-diesel engine with 640 horsepower that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty-nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M23" ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the Sir Raylton Dixon & Co. Ltd shipyard at Govan in March 1915, launched on 17 June 1915, and completed in July 1915.
World War 1.
"M23" served initially in the Mediterranean from October 1915. On her return from the Mediterranean in May 1917, "M23" had her main 9.2in gun removed, as it was required for artillery use on the Western Front, and a BL Mk III 50-caliber gun was fitted in lieu. 
"M23" then served with the Dover Patrol from June 1917 to June 1918.
Russia.
"M23" next saw service in support of the North Russian Expeditionary Force. Prior to departure, she had her two QF 2-pounder Mark II and her 12pdr (76mm) QF Mk 1 gun replaced by AA guns.
RNVR Claverhouse.
"M23" returned to Sheerness in November 1919. In August 1922 she moved to Dundee, where she became a Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (RNVR) drillship, and was renamed "Claverhouse" on 16 December 1922. She served in this capacity until sold in 1959. She arrived at Charlestown, Fife on 21 April 1959 for breaking up.

</doc>
<doc id="31098553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098553" title="Right hemisphere brain damage">
Right hemisphere brain damage

Right hemisphere brain damage, often abbreviated as RHD, is damage to the right hemisphere of the brain. It is associated with a number of cognitive and behavioral difficulties in humans. Research has for long focused on the effect and the role of RHD on emotional problems and in particular on speech prosody. The damage may be due to physical incidents, stroke, or aging. 
For over a century, the left brain hemisphere had been the key focus of clinical research on language disorders. It is now well established that language and cognition can be seriously impaired by unilateral RHD. Specific cognitive tests can now help diagnose the existence of RHD versus left hemisphere damage. However, not all individuals with RHD may have problems in language or communication and some may have no discernible symptoms. Patients with RHD perform poorly in three specific tasks, compared to those with left hemisphere damage: characterizing emotions in faces; matching emotional expressions; and grouping pictorially presented and written emotional scenes. 
Deficit in the use and understanding of innuendo, connotation and thematic content has been observed in patients following RHD. Paralinguistic comprehension problems involving sarcasm, irony, etc. have also been detected in these patients. Individuals with RHD also find it difficult to extract the theme of a story, or arrange sentences based on the theme of a story. This type of difficulty also applies to visual languages such as deaf sign languages. However, patients with RHD may be oblivious to some of their impairments (anosognosia) and may at times also report euphoria. Adults with RHD may exhibit behavior that can be characterized by insensitivity to others and preoccupation with self; unawareness of the social context of conversations; and verbose, rambling and tangential speech.
The visual and cognitive effects of RHD produced by a stroke have been well documented in the artistic style of famous painters for several decades now. In many cases, RHD produces dramatic shifts in artistic style. In the case of one artist, paintings after RHD began to have words inserted into pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="31098561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098561" title="Our Solar System">
Our Solar System

Our Solar System is an album released by the rock group Half Japanese. 

</doc>
<doc id="31098569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098569" title="1948 Anti-Jewish Riots in Oujda and Jerada">
1948 Anti-Jewish Riots in Oujda and Jerada

The 1948 Anti-Jewish Riots in Oujda and Jerada, the latter also known as Djerada, occurred on June 7–8, 1948, in the towns of Oujda and Jerada, in the northeast of the French protectorate in Morocco.
In those events 43 Jews and one Frenchman were killed and approximately 150 injured at the hands of local Muslims.
French officials argued that the riots were "absolutely localized" to Oujda and Jerada, and that it had been "migration itself - and not widespread anti-Jewish animosity - that had sparked Muslim anger".
Outbreak.
René Brunel, the French Commissioner for the Oujda region, stated that rioting began when a Jewish barber attempted to cross into Algeria carrying explosives, Brunel wrote that that atmosphere has "overheated" as a result of "the clandestine passage over the border of a large number of young Zionists from all regions of Morocco trying to get to Palestine via Algeria." The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs noted that Jewish emigration from Oujda to Palestine was a significant irritant to the local Muslim population, noting that “It is characteristic that those in this region near to the Algerian border consider all Jews who depart as combatants for Israel". Alphonse Juin, Resident General in Morocco, noted that "the clandestine departure of Jews for Palestine ignited the anger already inflamed by professional agitators"
It has also been suggested that the riots were sparked by an anti-Zionist speech by Sultan Mohammed V relating to the ongoing 1948 Arab-Israeli War, although others suggest that the Sultan's speech was focused on ensuring the protection of the Moroccan Jews.
Riots.
The riots began in Oujda, which was at the time the main transit hub for Zionist emigration out of Morocco, given its proximity to the Algerian border (Algeria was at the time part of Metropolitan France), in which 5 Jews were killed and 30 injured in the space of 3 hours before the army arrived. The mob riots in the neighbouring mining town of Jerada were even more violent, with 39 deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="31098575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098575" title="DUMBO Industrial District">
DUMBO Industrial District

DUMBO Industrial District is a historic industrial complex and national historic district in Brooklyn, New York, New York. The complex consists of 95 contributing 19th and early 20th century industrial and warehouse buildings, Belgian block streets, and its location on the East River by the imposing anchorage of the Manhattan Bridge. DUMBO is an acronym for Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass. Among the manufacturing concerns located in this district were Arbuckle Brothers (coffee and sugar), J.W. Masury & Son (paint), Robert Gair (paper boxes), E.W. Bliss (machinery), and Brillo (soap pads). The district includes the earliest, large scale reinforced concrete factory buildings in America.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31098576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098576" title="Gemunu Kulatunge">
Gemunu Kulatunge

Major General Gemunu Kulatunge, RSP, USP, ndc, psc, Sri Lanka Sinha Regiment is a Sri Lankan general, who was the former Deputy Chief of Staff of the Sri Lanka Army.
Educated at Royal College, Colombo, he joined the army after leaving school and was commissioned into the Ceylon Sinha Regiment as a Second Lieutenant.
General Kulatunge is a graduate of the National Defence College, India . He was awarded the Rana Sura Padakkama (RSP), Uttama Seva Padakkama (USP), the Sri Lanka Armed Services Long Service Medal, the Riviresa Campaign Services Medal, the Purna Bhumi Padakkama and the North and East Operations Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="31098585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098585" title="Jewelpet (anime)">
Jewelpet (anime)

Jewelpet marks as Studio Comet's second animation work based on a Sanrio Franchise, having a unique storyline, characters and elements revolving around Magic, Witches and Alchemy. The anime expanded into four more series, one movie, three official shōjo manga and one official Light Novel, also moving from its previous broadcaster TV Osaka to TV Tokyo. Each series were completely separate season to season, featuring different characters and storylines.
Viz Media Europe currently licensed both the first series and Twinkle in Southeast Asia and Europe while Sony Pictures Home Entertainment handles the distribution rights in Spain. There are currently no plans for an English release in the United States.
Overview.
The anime series consists of seven-story arcs; five main and two sidestories. The five main ones includes the Rinko arc ("Jewelpet"), the Akari arc ("Jewelpet Twinkle☆"), the Kanon arc ("Jewelpet Sunshine"), the Pink arc ("Jewelpet Kira☆Deco!") and the Chiari arc ("Jewelpet Happiness"). The two sub ones includes the Gumimin arc ("Sweets Dance Princess") and the Lolip arc ("The Fuss in the Jewel Festival!?"). All story arcs focus on two human characters as well as the main "Jewelpet" mascot, Ruby. The stories on all story arcs are completely different but sometimes makes certain references from each season.
Main Story Arcs.
The first arc of the series, called the Rinko Arc focuses on the main heroine Rinko Kougyoku and the series is set in the fictional Takaragaseki City, a setting modeled after two famous cities in Japan, Tokyo and Osaka.
The second arc of the series which focuses on the main heroine named Akari Sakura. The series is set majorly in both Jewel Land and in the human world, more specifically Akari's hometown in Hayama, Kanagawa, with the production staff going to the town for inspiration of the anime's location.
The third arc of the series which focuses on the main heroines Kanon Mizushirou and Ruby. The story focuses on the Plum Section's hilarious adventures and tests in Jewel Land's Sunshine Academy while discovering themselves and stopping the dreaded Dark Jewel Magic. The series is set majorly in Jewel Land.
The fourth story arc of the series which focuses on the main heroine Pink Oomiya. The whole series is a complete departure to the previous three series, which now involves a Super Sentai-like team called "Kiradeko 5". Alongside Pink, they were partnered with their Jewelpet Partners on their search for the legendary Deco Stones and save the human world from Eternal Darkness.
The fifth story arc of the series which focuses on the main heroine Chiari Tsukikage. Happiness adapts elements from High School and Cafe managing, referencing it closer to the third mothership anime, Jewelpet Sunshine. The story focuses on Ruby and her friends managing the Jewelpet Café while attending the Jewel Academy and collecting Magic Jewels for the Magical Jewel Box.
Sub Story Arcs.
The first sub-arc of the anime metaseries, focusing on the Sweetspet Gumimin and the Princess of the Sweetsland Kingdom, Princess Mana. Considered to be separate arc to the main 4, which has no involvement with the characters from the main anime, the Movie is a completely different story which focuses entirely on the Jewelpets and the Sweetspets themselves.
The second sub-arc of the anime metaseries, focusing on the Jewelpet Lolip. Like the Mana arc, this arc is also not officially linked to the anime and also the first arc to be released in novel form. The arc tells the story about Lolip's experiences and bond with Ruby and her friends while setting up the Jewel Festival in Jewel Land.
Setting.
The entire anime franchise are majorly both set in two worlds: Jewel Land and Earth, on which both worlds co-exist together in secrecy. Jewel Land is described itself a world where all magicians and Jewelpets live, with the Pets attending the Magic Academy to study magic and Alchemy in hopes to graduate into a full-pledged magician. Each location in Jewel Land however differs between each series, creating different canonical universes.
Earth is also the series's main setting on which the humans live. But only a few human beings knew about Jewel Land's existence throughout each season when discovering the Jewelpets. Sometimes Earth is not mentioned in the later series, thought officially shown in some episodes.
Plot.
In the magical world of Jewel Land, three magicians turned the Jewelpets into Jewel Charms so they can rest calmly in the Dream Forest while cleaning the town, with the exception of Ruby, a white rabbit who likes to goof off. But during the pelican's delivery of the charms in the forest, a strong wind blew him off, causing the Jewel Charms to scatter all across Takaragaseki City on Earth. Ruby, now being punished, is sent to Earth to retrieve her friends. On Earth, a student named Rinko along with her friend Minami saw a group of shooting stars, not knowing that the pets were scattered in the city they live in. After that, Rinko was on her balcony observing the night sky and saw one pink shooting star and fell into her water glass and became a Red Jewel Charm. The next day, she and her friend goes to the jewelry store to examine the jewel, but then got into a jewelry store robbery. They were saved by a boy named Keigo Tatewaki and saw the red jewel Rinko has. He then explained to them that he was working for a special organization which is linked to the great magicians of Jewel Land and told them about the Jewelpets and also told them that all of them were scattered all over town. Rinko accepted the offer on gather all the Jewelpets back to Jewel Land and awakened Ruby using the Jewel Pocketbook. Now teaming up with Minami and Aoi, it is now their task to gather all the Jewelpets together and take them back to Jewel Land before an evil Jewelpet named Diana finds them first. As the Series Progresses, the main heroines uncover new Jewelpets on their way. But at the same time, Dian, another Jewelpet who can use Dark Magic awakens from his Jewel Charm State. And now the heroes have to face him and the havoc and chaos that will be caused in both Jewel Land and the Human World.
In Jewel Land, Jewelpets, a group of animals who have the natural ability to use magic lived in harmony with the Magicians attending the Magic Academy to learn how to use magic with their Jewel Eyes. However Ruby, a white Japanese Hare whose magic sometimes fails, is appointed to go to the Human World to search for a partner whose feelings of her heart matches hers. But when she uses the card that the magicians give her, she is sent to the Human World by accident. There, a girl named Akari Sakura meets her on the beach on her way to school. At first, Akari can't understand her due to her Jewel Land Language, but Ruby eats a special candy so she can speak and understand human language. As the day passes, Ruby knows about her problems in school and later apologized, saying that she didn't know Akari's personal problems as she tries to cheer her up. As Akari accepts Ruby, a Jewel Charm appears on her hand and she realizes that she was chosen by Ruby to be her partner. After that, she decides to become a student in Jewel Land along with Ruby as they are aiming to collect 12 Jewel Stones get into the Jewel Star Grand Prix. The prize is that three of any wish they want will be granted.
Jewel Land is a magical place where creatures known as Jewelpets, live. Part of Jewel Land is the Sunshine Academy, a school where both Humans and Jewelpets attend to study in high school. Ruby, a white Japanese hare Jewelpet studied in the infamous Class 3 Plum Section of the academy along with her friends, especially her classmate and roommate Kanon Mizushirou. Thought they were known as the "Class of Lost Causes", they all dream on graduating on the academy and pursuing through their dreams, despite the class' dysfunctional behavior and seriously hilarious antics. Ruby and her classmates must do everything they could to graduate, endure a lot of tests and hilarious situations thrown to them and for Ruby, endure her annoying roommate Kanon, sticking together through thick and thin and trying to win the heart of her one and only crush, Mikage Shiraishi.
In the Legends of Jewel Land, the Jewelpets were born from the love and caring of their queen, Jewelina. However, a strange meteor crashes into the Mirror Ball, destroying it into a million pieces and its fragments called "Deco Stones" were all scattered in Jewel Land. In the present time, Ruby, a Rabbit Jewelpet and owner of the Kira Kira Shop, has a thing on sparkly decorations and loves to collect anything that sparkles and shines. Thought her friends Garnet and Sapphie sometimes thinks that she's strange in some points. However, when she and the others learn about the legend of the Mirror Ball and the Deco Stones, they all decided to go and search for them, until they all meet 5 strange individuals called the KiraDeco 5. The group also has the same goal on wanting to collect the Deco Stones and they befriended the Jewelpets, especially to one of their members: Pink Oomiya. Now, the group need to gather all the Deco Stones and stop the Eternal Darkness from taking over the human world.
One day at the magical world of Jewel Land, Lady Jewelina entrusted Ruby the Magical Jewel Box with a mission to make friends and collect Magic Jewels. At the same time she needs to attend the Jewel Academy to do so and open a shop called the Jewelpet Café. However with her friends, things didn't go well as expected as the cafe is considered abandoned and needs a lot of work for them to prosper and to reach that goal Ruby is expecting. But when she met three middle school student named Chiari Tsukikage, Nene Konoe and Ruruka Hanayama, she decides to make friends with then and accepted their help on managing the Jewelpet Cafe. Now, she and her friends now must work together for the cafe to prosper, stick together through good and bad luck as well as protecting the Jewel Box from being stolen.
Jewel Land is a mysterious and yet magical place where all Jewelpets, animals gifted with Jewel Eyes, live. One day, Ruby herself is been busy preparing for this year's Jewel Festival which will be held on her town. But in the midst of the preparations, a new person just moved to town and decides to live with Ruby. Calling herself Lolip, Ruby is unsure if she is a Jewelpet due to her lack of magic skills but she decides to be friends with her on her stay. As the festivities in the upcoming festival were going smoothly, Lolip us having problems on helping everyone in the festival due to lack of any magic skills. However, is this enough for her to know who she really is and to find her own place?
Development and Production.
The anime's production was first green-lited in 2008 and was announced during the 2009 Tokyo Toy Forum in 14 January 2009 to concide with the franchise's release. Sanrio first contacted Studio Comet if they can make another anime based on their characters, as Onegai My Melody Kirara★ was approaching its conclusion. The studio agreed to do an animated adaptation of the Jewelpet toy line.
Early pitching of the anime didn't involve the Human World at that time and only involves both the Jewel Charms and Jewel Land. Another insetting about the early story pitch is that the main characters are all witches all searching for the Jewelpets and trying to stop the Dark Magic, which is a similar concept to Studio Comet's previous Sanrio anime, Onegai My Melody. During the pitch, the main Jewelpet, Ruby is meant to be polite and tidy character wise. Though Sanrio and Sega decided to alter her personality into a scatterbrained but naughty character, which is reflected by the Jewel she is based on. These changes were also made in the other characters in the franchise, though their birthdate is not changed.
The series underwent several development phases to explore and work on the series with the collaboration from Sega and Sanrio with several new voice actors were hired to voice the main characters including the former Morning Musume member Kamei Eri and AKINA. Promotions of the series were also made and it is meant for the young demographic similar to Onegai My Melody.
Several trailers were aired during the ending episodes of Onegai My Melody Kirara★, before it officially aired on 5 April 2009 and ended its broadcast in 28 March 2010.
The series was moderately received during its broadcast in the Kanto Area, being overshadowed by both Dragon Ball Kai and One Piece in terms of ratings. However, with the Jewelpet merchandise already being popular, Sanrio decided to expand the Jewelpet franchise overseas to get the target sale of 5 Billion Yen. The company however earned 6 billion yen in sales due to the anime's popularity, which boosted the franchise greatly that time.
Development of Jewelpet Twinkle began in late 2009 during the first series's airing. Seeing the moderate success of the first series, Sanrio decided to ask Studio Comet to make a second series with a fresh new storyline. During the development, the company decided to change the schedule of the anime from Sunday to Saturday, but retained the airtime and also switched stations from TV Osaka to TV Tokyo.
Newer concepts were also brought into the series such as the use of Jewel Charms as magical items, a different take on casting magic spells on both humans and Jewelpets and introductions to newer character designs that will fit with the storyline. Also, rather than a sequel to the first series, the second is more of a reboot but also referencing concepts from the older series. Twinkle heavily use the concept of the Magic Academy, where Jewelpets study to become full pledge magicians, while incorporating things related to real life schools and academies and is heavily magic-oriented but very serious story-wise.
Location wise, the hometown of Akari Sakura, the series's main human protagonist is based on the town of Hayama, Kanagawa. The production staff went to the place and used it as inspiration for the Anime's setting. These locations in Hayama that's recreated in the anime includes the bus stop near the coast of Hayama and the staircase leading to the Hayama Imperial Villa. Other locations in the said town were also recreated in the anime like the Morito Beach, where Ruby and Akari first met.
Staff from the previous series were brought in to aid into the production of the anime, with the inclusion of Michiru Shimada, Yukiko Ibe and Takashi Yamamoto, who previously worked on the anime adaptation of Nanatsuiro Drops. Takashi Yamada and Yuki Entatsu also returns to produce the anime and aid with the series's script, before Yamada moved on and produced HeartCatch PreCure!. The series debuted in 3 April 2010 and ended in 2 April 2011. Twinkle became an instant success, sales and ratings wise, making the first Sanrio Anime Series to have successful receptions on all target demographics.
Production of Jewelpet Sunshine began in late 2010. With the success of Twinkle, Sanrio and Studio Comet decided to make a third series to cater in more to a much older demographic. The School concept from the last series was adapted but was in a more contemporary setting instead of a magical academy one seen in Twinkle. But the view on how Jewel Land and Earth is seen is much more different than its previous counterparts. Takuyaki Inagaki of Muv-Luv Alternative: Total Eclipse directs the series and Yūko Kakihara of handles the series composition.
Another interesting concept on Sunshine is instead of a full 30-minute episode, each episode is divided into two stories, similar to Onegai My Melody Sukiri and Onegai My Melody Kirara. The slice of life and comedy format from Gin Tama is also used as an inspiration for the anime as well, which is later adapted to the fourth series, Jewelpet Kira Deco. In its story pitching, the entire series is composed of Gag Stories and is considered as a big parody in every episode. References from 1980's Japanese comedy as well as references to Japanese and Western Pop Culture, several TV shows, anime, manga and music in the 1990s, makes the series more unique than the previous two.
Jewelpet Sunshine began airing on 9 April 2011 and ended in 31 March 2012. It received two awards in the 2011 Japanese Otaku Awards due to its unique story plot and references to 80's and 90's pop culture.
The fourth series began its production in late 2011. The full episodic format returns in this incarnation as well as adapting the comedy elements from Sunshine for the production of the fourth series. During that time, Shirō Hamaguchi left the production staff to focus on producing some music for the film . During production, Cher Watanabe was hired to do the music for the fourth anime series, and switching the music recording label from Nippon Columbia to Universal Music Japan. Also, the key staff from Onegai My Melody returned to produce the series and Kazuyuki Fudeyasu, who wrote the second season of Tantei Opera Milky Holmes is in charge of the series's scripts.
The series relies heavily on Deco, an artistic design style featuring Rhinestones, which is heavily incorporated. Also, the plot is also influenced from Twinkle's magical concepts to Sunshine's gag stories. The story in the fourth series is meant to be softer than the previous 3, but has a high gag value like Sunshine. During the series's pitching, the concept of the anime involves 5 individuals got sent to Jewel Land and were appointed to search for the Deco Stones all across Jewel Land alongside the Legendary Jewelpet. Also, the episode also has a format, which has the main story plus a mini-segment.
During the anime's production, Child Actress Mana Ashida will sing both the Opening and Ending songs of the anime as well. The series premiered in 7 April 2012 and ended in 30 March 2013.
The 5th series is first revealed at the March issue of Shogakukan all-girl magazine Pucchigumi. The magazine explains some details on the series's as well as the 40th Jewelpet, Rossa and will be tied in with the recently revealed Jewel Music Pod to by Sega Toys. During the series production, Hiroaki Sakurai, the director of Cromartie High School and the recently released became involved with the series's development. Shuhei Abe, of the show's sound directors revealed in a series of tweets about some of the cast of the series, which includes the main human characters (Megumi Han, Ikumi Hayama and Mai Aizawa) as well as the pets and the other human characters which were later revealed on the official website.
On the press conference held in Sanrio Puroland in 2 April 2013, voice actors Ayaka Saito and Ai Kayano detailed a few things regarding the upcoming series as well as describing Chiari's personality for the anime as being a "goofy yet energetic girl who thinks positively in all circumstances." Saito also stated that this is her 6th time she's voicing Ruby since the first series. Also in the event, the Japanese idol group Fairies also performed the opening theme for the anime, which is announced to be released in Early Summer of 2013. Ito Momoka, one of the members commented that "I’m honored to be able to perform at Sanrio Puroland where I’ve been visited many times.” Regarding the theme song, she said, “Our song is bracing just like the anime, and the choreography to the song is cute which people can emulate!” The series premiered at 6 April 2013 and ended its broadcast in 29 March 2014.
Sequels.
The success of the first series gained itself several more seasons, each revolving on different protagonist characters and different depictions of Jewel Land. The second series titled premiered later on TV Tokyo from 3 April 2010 to 2 April 2011 with 52 Episodes. The second series is directed by Takashi Yamamoto of "Pokemon" and produced by Hideyuki Kachi, who produced the anime adaptation of "Tokyo Mew Mew". Character designs were done by Yukiko Ibe, who designed the characters of the anime adaptation of "Nanatsuiro Drops". An epilogue OVA episode under the title will be released on 22 July 2013 alongside the series' BluRay Boxset.
The third series titled is also produced and premiered in 9 April 2011 and ended in 31 March 2012, directed by Takayuki Inagaki, who directed "Muv-Luv Alternative: Total Eclipse" and written by Yūko Kakihara, who did "". Character designs were done by "Galaxy Angel" character designer Mariko Fujita.
The fourth series titled began airing on 7 April 2012 and ended its broadcast in 30 March 2013. The 4th series is directed by Makoto Moriwaki, who directed Onegai My Melody and written by Kazuyuki Fudeyasu, who wrote the second season of "Tantei Opera Milky Holmes". Tomoko Miyakawa returns as the character designer for the fourth series.
A fifth series titled was first revealed on the March Issue of Pucchigumi and premiered on 6 April 2013 and ended in 29 March 2014. The series is directed by Hiroaki Sakurai of "Daa! Daa! Daa!" and "Cromartie High School".
The sixth series titled is announced by Sanrio via the official Anime Twitter account and is scheduled to air on April 5, 2014, to coincide with the Anime's 5th anniversary.
A full-length feature film titled is currently in production. The movie, which is being directed by Hiroaki Sakurai and distributed by Toho. It is aired in Japanese Theaters on 11 August 2012.
A spin-off light novel titled was released as part of Kadokawa's Tsubasa Bunko Children's Light Novels on 15 May 2012, written by Hiroko Kanasugi and illustrated by POP. It introduces an exclusive character to the story, a Jewelpet named and the story revolves around her experiences and bond with Ruby and her friends while setting up the Jewel Festival in Jewel Land.
Broadcasting.
Jewelpet has been broadcast in several countries outside Japan due to its popularity. The first series aired in Taiwan on YOYO TV, premiered as part the "Boing" programming block on the Telecinco television network in Spain in April 2010, the series aired in France via Teletoon France, also aired on Cartoon Network and GMA 7 in the Philippines and aired on Canal Panda in Portugal in January 2011. It was also aired in Italy in February 2011 on Italia 1 and Hiro and it had reruns on Boing.
Twinkle received an international broadcast as well in Spain as part of the "Boing" programming block. Sunshine also started its international airings in Spain.
The series is or will be available in the following languages, sorted in chronological order of debut:
Music.
The music of series 1 to 3 is composed by Final Fantasy music composer Shiro Hamaguchi. Series 4's music is composed by Cher Watanabe, who composed the soundtrack of the anime "Maken-ki!" and Series 5's music is composed by Wataru Maeguchi, who composed the soundtrack for "Hayate the Combat Butler: Can't Take My Eyes Off You". The music is directed by Takuya Hiramitsu in series 1 and Yoshikazu Iwanami in series 2 to 5.
For the first series, Two songs were made for both the Opening and Ending themes of the series. The Opening theme is titled by Yui Asaka and the ending theme is titled by Horie Mitsuko. The lyrics were composed by Yuriko Mori and composed by Kōsuke Makino and Cher Watanabe. The second series also has two songs made for both the Opening and Ending themes. The Opening theme is titled by former AKB48 member Kayano Masuyama featuring Ayaka Saito and Miyuki Sawashiro as both Ruby and Labra. The ending theme is titled by Natsumi Takamori, Ayana Taketatsu and Azusa Kataoka as Akari, Miria and Sara. The opening is composed by Takafumi Iwasaki of Project.R fame and the ending is composed by Takahiro Matsumoto.
Sunshine also has two songs, one Opening and one Ending. The Opening theme is titled by Mayumi Gojo and the ending theme is titled by Kayano Masuyama and Misuzu Mochizuki. The opening is composed with lyrics by Takafumi Iwasaki and the ending is composed by Yuriko Mori with lyrics from Noriyuki Asakura. Kira Deco has two theme songs as well. The Opening theme is titled and the ending theme is titled , both performed by Mana Ashida with lyrics and composition from Natsumi Watanabe and Shingo Asari
Happiness is confirmed to have two official songs. For Episodes 1-39, the opening and ending theme is titled while for Episodes 40 to 52, the opening and ending theme is titled RUN with U, both performed by the Japanese idol group Fairies.
Video Releases.
Marvelous AQL (Formerly Marvelous Entertainment) released several volumes of the first series on separate Region 2 DVDs in Japan. All seventeen volumes have been released, the first 16 has 3 episodes while the last volume has 4 episodes.
Nippon Columbia issues several DVD volumes of Jewelpet Twinkle during the series's airing. Frontier Works also released the series as a DVD Box set on 22 July 2011. "Fan Discs" were also released due to the show's popularity in Comiket, each containing some episodes and bonus extras. The first is released in 9 September 2011, Fan Disc F, which includes a special version of the Opening Video of the anime, is released in 16 January 2012 and a Blu-Ray fan disc is released on 9 September 2012, with a Limited Edition be released on 10 August 2012. A BluRay Box set is also announced and released on 21 July 2013, which includes an Original Video Animation episode and a second official soundtrack. The Boxset will also include an official Illustration booklet, containing official illustrations and promotional images from the Anime series.
"Jewelpet Sunshine" also has some standard DVD releases by Nippon Columbia before gaining DVD box set releases from Victor Entertainment. The first DVD Box set was released on 9 December 2011, the second DVD Box on 9 March 2012, the third on 8 June 2012 and the fourth on 7 September 2012. All 4 DVD Box sets contains 4 Discs, spanning into each half of the series. The DVD releases also omit the licensed songs used in the series due to licensing issues with other companies.
"Jewelpet Kira Deco" gained its official DVD release by Universal Music Japan starting 22 August 2012. Six volumes were already been released so far. Victor Entertainment also announced a BluRay Selection Box set release on 20 September 2013, which will contain 16 selected episodes of the series.
"Jewelpet Happiness" gained 4 official DVD-Box releases by TC Entertainment, a Group company of Tokyo Broadcasting System Holdings, Mainichi Broadcasting System and Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting, with each of the box sets containing 4 discs, spanning into each half of the series. The first box set is released on 25 October 2013, the second is released on 31 January 2014 and the third will be released on 25 April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31098586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098586" title="Sing No Evil">
Sing No Evil

Sing No Evil is an album released by the rock group Half Japanese. 

</doc>
<doc id="31098589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098589" title="Military College Sui">
Military College Sui

Military College Sui is a military school located in the town of Sui in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is owned and operated by the Pakistan Army and feeds the Pakistan Military Academy, Kakul.
The college is one of three Pakistan Army owned and operated military colleges in Pakistan, the others being Military College Jhelum and Military College Murree.
History.
Military College Sui was inaugurated on 3 January 2011 by the Pakistan Army's Chief of the Army Staff General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani at Sui Cantonment after the Sui Cantonment was converted into an educational city of which Military College Sui is a part.
Student life.
The students are called cadets. Cadets take part in sports such as field hockey, cricket, football, basketball, volleyball, squash, tennis and horse riding. Personal fitness activities include judo, karate, gymnastics, jogging and running. Physical training (PT) is conducted in the morning and sports in the evening. Students are taught drill and shooting.
Parents Day.
Parents day is an event much celebrated in Military College Sui. Parents Day gives a chance of coordination between Cadets, Parents and management of MCS. There are many events in which cadets take part in such as:
And the annual prize holders are awarded by the chief guest.
External links.
Military College Sui Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="31098594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098594" title="Rani (1952 film)">
Rani (1952 film)


</doc>
<doc id="31098600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098600" title="System of concepts to support continuity of care">
System of concepts to support continuity of care

ContSys ( CEN standard EN13940) defines a system of concepts to support continuity of care. 
Continuity of care is an organisational principle that represents an important aspect of quality and safety in health care. Semantic interoperability is a basic requirement for continuity of care. Concepts that are needed for these purposes must represent both the content and context of the health care services.
__TOC__
History of ContSys.
The first part focusing on basic concepts was published as a European Norm in 2007. It was prepared by working group 2 of CEN TC251 - Health Informatics. Work to take the standard through ISO and to develop a second part focused on the healthcare process has proven problematic, resulting in the withdrawal of the two ISO work items on 13 January 2011 and a proposed resolution in CEN TC251 to stop the development of part 2 from CEN. A new work item is being developed in ISO Technical Committee 215 - Health Informatics aiming to bring a single concept model for both part 1 and the proposals for part 2.
Concept modelling.
The concept models have been created according to ISO TR 24156. Concept modelling may be used for two purposes. The main purpose is to graphically describe a concept system within a subject field. This description can clarify the relationships between the concepts and illustrate some of their definitions. The other purpose is to let a concept modelling tool set up a data base organising the concept system, in order to keep track of its concepts and relationships, as well as check its consistency.
Information modelling has the purpose of organising the information objects, each one representing knowledge about a concept. There is however additional information in an information model about the properties of the information objects, shown as attributes to the objects and operations describing behaviour of the objects.
Areas covered by the standard.
The current ISO committee draft of the standard has concepts covering the following activities:
Areas not covered by the standard.
The standard describes a system of concepts for the continuity of care. It does not provide an information model, record model or document structure. Some examples of these which should complement this standard are:
ContSys and the Clinical Process.
The continuity of care is achieved in clinical processes. Continuity is influenced by factors of management and support. To cover continuity of care concepts from these basic process aspects are required:
Concepts for information and financial management to support continuity of care are also required. The relation between the business areas that have to be covered from continuity perspectives is used to structure this standard. 
The business areas are equivalent to areas of other perspectives e.g. information as well as IT functionality areas. The business model of the clinical process is focussed also in the information and the information support perspectives. The multiple perspectives of the areas may also include areas of groups of concepts in this standard.
Applications of ContSys.
The NHS has published a model Draft NHS continuity of care concept model conforming to the committee draft of ContSys.
ContSys has been shown by the NHS in England to assist in business analysis by providing a model of how health care is organised.
The Swedish national e-health approach is using ContSys as a basis for harmonisation across standards.
A number of governments are exploring the option of using ContSys as a harmonised concept model to enable their information models to be compatible.
In the article "Modeling shared care plans using ContSys and openEHR to support shared homecare of the elderly." the authors describe how the European Standard EN 13940-1 for continuity of care and the reference model of openEHR, were applied in modeling a shared care plan for shared homecare based on requirements from the OLD@HOME project. Their study shows that these requirements are matched by ContSys on a general level. However, certain attributes were not explicit in ContSys, for example agents responsible for performing planned interventions, and support for monitoring outcome of interventions. They further studied how the care plan conceptual model can be implemented using the openEHR reference model. The study demonstrates the feasibility of developing shared care plans combining a standard concept model, for example ContSys with an electronic health records (EHR) interoperability specification, that is the openEHR, while highlighting areas that need further exploration. It also explores the reusability of existing clinical archetypes as building blocks of care plans and the modeling of new shared care plan archetypes.
Conformance criteria.
The conformance criteria in the committee draft have been substantially revised compared with the precursor standard. The main focus of conformance defined in the committee draft is on models and model driven systems however other International Standards may also conform to this standard. The criteria are summarised as:
Current development timetable for the ISO standard.
The current project aims to complete development of the ISO standard by May 2013 on a two year timetable. The key milestones are:

</doc>
<doc id="31098638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098638" title="Fogel Grip">
Fogel Grip

The Fogel Grip ("Bird Griffin", Swedish: Fågel Grip) was a Swedish sailing ship originally built in the Netherlands in the early 1600s. She was used on the first Swedish expedition in 1638 together with the "Kalmar Nyckel" to establish the colony of New Sweden.
The ship.
Little is known about the vessel. "Fogel Grip" was a full-rigged pinnace about long. Originally built in the Netherlands in the early 1600s the ship was bought by the Swedish "New Sweden Company" in 1636 or 1637.
The New Sweden expedition.
The first expedition was prepared in secrecy in fear of the Dutch West India Company which at that time dominated the area. The commander was Peter Minuit.
In November 1637, the "Fogel Grip" captained by Adrian Jöransen and the "Kalmar Nyckel" captained by Jan Hindricksen van der Water left Gothenburg harbor. The crew was part Dutch and part Swedish; the Swedes on the "Fogel Grip" were under the command of Måns Nilsson Kling.
The expedition was caught in bad weather in the North Sea badly damaging both ships. Separated during the storm, both vessels made it to Texel for repairs. After about one month the expedition could continue and the ships left port on December 31.
Passing the Canary Islands and Saint Christopher Island the expedition reached Delaware Bay in March 1638 sailing up the Delaware River where they made landfall at the mouth of Christina River in present-day Wilmington, Delaware.
The "Fogel Grip" then cruised the Caribbean Sea for some time before returning to New Sweden bringing the former slave "Anthony Swartz" from St. Kitts. The ship was then loaded with fur and tobacco before leaving for Sweden and on the return in around June 1639 the cargo was sold.
In August 1639, the "Fogel Grip" was shipwrecked on a sand shoal in Gothenburg harbor during a storm and abandoned.
Legacy.
Models of "Fogel Grip" and "Kalmar Nyckel" are kept at Gloria Dei (Old Swedes') Church in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
In 1938 the Swedish mail issued a commemorative stamp of both ships.

</doc>
<doc id="31098664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098664" title="Şebnem Sönmez">
Şebnem Sönmez

Şebnem Sönmez (born 5 June 1968, Istanbul) is a Turkish theater, movie and television actress. She started her career playing in theater in the Istanbul Pendik Youth Theatre while still a high school student. She performed in groups such as Kartal Art Theatre and Taner Barlas Mim Theatre. After completing and having her diploma from Istanbul State Conservatory, she worked in Dormen Theatre. She then moved on to television roles as she continued her theater experience in Besiktas Cultural Center. She has also taught theater at the kindergarten through high school level and founded the "Yaz Tiyatrosu" (Summer Theatre) group in her school while she continued her acting work.

</doc>
<doc id="31098665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098665" title="Parakrama Pannipitiya">
Parakrama Pannipitiya

Major General Parakrama Pannipitiya, RWP, RSP, USP, psc, SLSR is a Sri Lankan general, who was the former Commander Security Forces Headquarters - East (SF HQ (E)). Under his command the Sri Lankan army units successfully concluded the Eastern Theater of operations in the Sri Lankan Civil War defeating the LTTE in the Eastern Province. 
Shortly after the military victory in the Eastern Theater, Major General Pannipitiya had a fallout with the then army commander Sarath Fonseka, who had him arrested on misappropriating military assets. A submission of a violation of fundamental rights petitions and the following court martial cleared him of rough doing and he was appointed as Director of Operations 11th Division. 
Educated at Royal College, Colombo, he joined the army after leaving school and was commissioned into the Sri Lanka Sinha Regiment as a Second Lieutenant. 
He was awarded the Rana Wickrama Padakkama (RWP), Rana Sura Padakkama (RSP) for combat bravery and the service medals Uttama Seva Padakkama (USP), the Sri Lanka Armed Services Long Service Medal, the Riviresa Campaign Services Medal, the Purna Bhumi Padakkama and the North and East Operations Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="31098666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098666" title="Chrysomela">
Chrysomela

Chrysomela is a genus of leaf beetles found almost throughout the world, but missing from Australia. It contains around 40 species, including 7 in eastern and northern Europe. It also includes at least 17 species in North America, including the cottonwood leaf beetle "Chrysomela scripta".

</doc>
<doc id="31098670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098670" title="VK 1602 Leopard">
VK 1602 Leopard

The light tank VK 1602 "Leopard" was a planned German reconnaissance vehicle designed from March through October 1942, with the serial production scheduled for April 1943, but the project was abandoned before the first prototype was built. It was originally planned to arm the vehicle with the 75 mm KwK 41, although that was changed to a smaller 50 mm cannon which was used on late Pz IIIs. The VK 1602 had largely sloped frontal armour, influenced by the Panther medium tank. In order to increase cross-country performance, the VK 1602 was fitted with 350 mm wide tracks. Production was scheduled to begin in April 1943, but the project was cancelled in January of that same year. The reason for this was that the 50 mm L/60 was insufficient for combat against modern Soviet and Western tanks, though it was useful against the British and American light tanks and Soviet amphibious light tanks. Also, the Leopard had a very high weight and the Sd.Kfz. 234 armoured car (also armed with a 50 mm cannon) could be used as a scout, though it was more vulnerable and could not traverse rough ground as easily. The Leopard chassis was also planned for use as the base for either a 20 mm "Flakvierling" mount (quadruple 20 mm anti-aircraft guns) or a single 37 mm gun in an anti-aircraft turret.

</doc>
<doc id="31098672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098672" title="Bullhead (film)">
Bullhead (film)

Bullhead () is a 2011 Belgian drama film written and directed by Michaël R. Roskam and starring Matthias Schoenaerts. It tells the story of the young Limburgish cattle farmer Jacky Vanmarsenille, approached by an unscrupulous veterinarian to make a shady deal with a notorious West-Flemish beef trader. But the murder of a federal policeman, and an unexpected confrontation with a mysterious secret from Jacky's past, set in motion a chain of events with far-reaching consequences. The film is based on the murder of Karel van Noppen.
The film was nominated for an Academy Award in the category of Best Foreign Language Film in 2012, but lost to "A Separation". It is mainly in the Limburgish dialect of Dutch.
Release.
The film was selected for the panorama section of the 61st Berlin International Film Festival. It premiered in the United States at Fantastic Fest in Austin. Drafthouse Films acquired the rights to distribute the film in the United States where it opened on 17 February 2012 in a limited release.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film has received generally favourable reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 87% based on 59 reviews. 
Metacritic gives the film a weighted average rating of 69/100 based on 23 reviews. 
While criticizing the film's awkward flow due to its use of flashbacks, Roger Ebert praised the performance from lead actor Matthias Schoenaerts, noting that "The one excellent aspect of the film is Matthias Schoenaerts' performance. We often follow him walking in a controlled lurch from side to side, as if merely walking is not enough of a challenge for him. We see his eyes, burning with pain. [...] film impresses because of the pain, sadness and rage contained in the title performance by Flemish actor Matthias Schoenaerts, who bulked up for the role (without steroids), and seems ready to burst from his clothes and even his skin."
Awards.
"Bullhead" was awarded both the New Authors Audience Award and the New Authors Critic’s Prize for Best Actor (Matthias Schoenaerts) AFI Fest. The film won the AMD-sponsored Next Wave Award at Fantastic Fest. Matthias Schoenaerts won the FIPRESCI Award for best actor at Palm Springs International Film Festival. The jury praised the actor’s "superb portrayal of an innocent and sensitive man trapped in a truculent body." It won the Best Film Award at the Ostend Film Festival, received nine Magritte Award nominations and went on to win the awards for Best Flemish Film in Coproduction, Best Screenplay, Best Actor (for Schoernaerts) and Best Editing. The film also received the André Cavens Award.
"Bullhead" was selected as the Belgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards. It was officially nominated in this category on 24 January 2012, but ultimately lost to the Iranian submission "A Separation".

</doc>
<doc id="31098692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098692" title="Jayantha de S. Jayaratne">
Jayantha de S. Jayaratne

Major General Jayantha de S. Jayaratne, VSV, ndc, IG, SLA was a Sri Lankan general, who was the former Commander Security Forces Headquarters - Jaffna (SF HQ (J)).
Educated at Royal College, Colombo, he joined the army after graduating from the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst. He was commissioned into the Ceylon Artillery as a Second Lieutenant.
Major General Jayaratne was a graduate of the National Defence College, India and was the Inspector General of the Sri Lanka Artillery. He was awarded the Vishista Seva Vibhushanaya (VSV) in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31098693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098693" title="Music to Strip By">
Music to Strip By

Music to Strip By is an album released by the Maryland rock group Half Japanese. 

</doc>
<doc id="31098745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098745" title="There Are Things You Don't Know">
There Are Things You Don't Know

"There Are Things You Don't Know" is a 2010 film starring Ali Mosaffa, Leila Hatami, and Mahtab Keramati. The movie was directed by Fardin Saheb-Zamani, and the screenplay was written by Fardin Saheb-Zamani and Payam Yazdani.
Plot.
The film tells the story of a reclusive taxi driver in Tehran in the days leading up to an earthquake. He has chosen to distance himself from society and to be passive so as not to be hurt. Finally one of his passengers gives him enough motivation to act and bring about a change in his life.
Cast.
Ali Mosaffa, Leila Hatami, Mahtab Keramati, Mona Mostofi, Nasim Amir Khosro, Mehdi Agahi, Siamak Adib, Mohamad Nazimi Arani, Mostafa Sasani, Soren Menatsakian, Vahid Hasanzadeh, Farnaz Rahnema, Mohamad Rabbanipour, Mehdi Bajestani, Payam Yazdani, Mhdieh Mir Habibi, Maral Irandoost, Hesam Nourani, Effat Rasoulinejad, Mitra Moradi, Karina Nazarava

</doc>
<doc id="31098749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098749" title="List of butterflies of Finland">
List of butterflies of Finland

List of butterflies of Finland include all species of butterflies (Papilionoidea) and skippers (Hesperioidea) which have been recorded in Finland. The local butterfly fauna includes 111 species of butterflies and 10 species of skippers. However, few species have been reported only once.
Currently, in Finland superfamilies Papilionoidea and Hesperoidea include 2 species classified as critically endangered (CR), 12 species as endangered (EN) and 10 species as vulnerable (VU). Out of all 26 lepidopteran species which are protected by law under the Nature Conservation Decree 18 species appear on this list.

</doc>
<doc id="31098759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098759" title="Samuel Jebb">
Samuel Jebb

Samuel Jebb (; c. 1694 – 1772) was an English physician and literary scholar.
Life.
He was born about 1694, probably at Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, the second son of Samuel Jebb, a maltster. His eldest brother, Richard, settled in Ireland. Another brother, John, became dean of Cashel, and was father of Dr. John Jebb, the Socinian. 
Samuel Jebb was educated at Mansfield grammar school, and became a sizar at Peterhouse, Cambridge, on 15 June 1709, aged 15. He graduated B.A. in January 1713. He was intended for the church, but, having joined the nonjurors, was unable to take orders. According to Nichols, he remained at Cambridge at least till 1718. On leaving Cambridge he became librarian to Jeremy Collier in London, and occupied himself with literary work. After the death of Collier, in 1726, on the advice of Richard Mead, he went into medicine, attending Mead's private practice, and also learning chemistry and pharmacy from Mr. Dillingham, a well-known apothecary of Red Lion Square. He took the degree of M.D. at Reims on 12 March 1728, and set up in practice as a physician at Stratford-le-Bow. Successful in following his profession, he continued his literary work. He did not become licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians till 25 June 1751. 
A few years before his death he retired to Chesterfield, Derbyshire, where he died on 9 March 1772. About 1727 he married a relative of Mrs. Dillingham, the apothecary's wife, and left several children, one of whom was the physician, Sir Richard Jebb.
Works.
Jebb's literary productions were mainly editions and translations, and he published no original work on medicine. He is best known for his edition of Roger Bacon's "Opus Majus" undertaken at the suggestion of Richard Mead, to whom it is dedicated. It was the first edition of Bacon's work.
His major classical work was an edition of the works of Aristides, the Greek rhetorician. In 1720 he issued proposals for its publication (in 4 vols. ); it ultimately appeared in 2 vols. 4to, with introduction, collation of manuscripts, and notes. 
Jebb published in 1725 a collection of 16 historical memoirs relating to Mary Queen of Scots in Latin, French, and Spanish. In the same year he issued, anonymously, "The History of the Life and Reign of Mary Queen of Scots", London, 1725, a dry narrative. A similar work, "The Life of Robert, Earl of Leicester, the favourite of Queen Elizabeth", London, 1727, is also attributed to him. He edited the posthumous work of Humphrey Hody, with a dissertation on Hody's life and writings, London, 1742.
In 1722 Jebb started a classical periodical, "Bibliotheca Literaria, being a collection of Inscriptions, Medals, Dissertations", intended to appear every two months. Ten numbers were issued from 1722 to 1724. Jebb's own contributions were anonymous. His other publications were:

</doc>
<doc id="31098760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098760" title="The Band That Would Be King">
The Band That Would Be King

The Band That Would Be King is an album released by the rock group Half Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="31098768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098768" title="Rockwood Chocolate Factory Historic District">
Rockwood Chocolate Factory Historic District

Rockwood Chocolate Factory Historic District is a historic industrial complex and national historic district in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, New York, New York. The complex consists of 16 contributing buildings built between 1891 and 1928. The largest and oldest building (Building 1 and 2) dates to 1891 and is located at the corner of Washington and Park avenues. It is a five story, Romanesque Revival style building. Much of the complex has been converted to loft apartments.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31098771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098771" title="Laura Slade Wiggins">
Laura Slade Wiggins

Laura Slade Wiggins (born August 8, 1988 in Athens, Georgia) is an American television and film actress and a musician.
Career.
She has appeared in the productions "Dance of the Dead", "Eleventh Hour", and in an episode of "" titled "World's End". Wiggins played a pregnant teenager in the an episode of the fourth season of "Private Practice" called "The Hardest Part" which aired on March 31, 2011. She appeared in the 2011 comedy film "Hit List". She had a recurring role in the 2013 series The Tomorrow People. In 2014 Wiggins appeared in the Law & Order SVU episode, "Comic Perversion" as Carly Rydell.
"Shameless".
In Summer 2010, Wiggins joined the Showtime dramedy "Shameless", as Karen Jackson, a series regular. After a successful first season, the show was renewed for a second season, which premiered January 8, 2012. Wiggins remained part of the main cast as a series regular for the first two seasons. For season three, she became a recurring series member.

</doc>
<doc id="31098786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098786" title="1935–36 Iraqi Shia revolts">
1935–36 Iraqi Shia revolts

1935 Rumaytha and Diwaniyya revolt or the 1935–1936 Iraqi Shia revolts consisted of a series of Shia tribal uprisings in the mid-Euphrates region against the Sunni dominated authority of the Kingdom of Iraq. In each revolt, the response of the Iraqi government was to use military force to crush the rebellions with little mercy. The administrative task of this forceful disciplining of the Shi'a tribes fell to General Bakr Sidqi – the same man responsible for the brutal massacre of Assyrians in 1933. Parallel revolts, opposing conscription, also broke out that year in northern Iraq (Kurdish populated) and Jabal Sinjar (mostly Yazidi populated) regions.
The Shia tribes of the mid-Euphrates region (as well as the Kurds in the North Iraq) saw themselves increasingly under-represented in the Sunni-dominated Iraqi government, which further detereorated with the exclusion of key Shia sheikhs from the Iraqi parliament in 1934 elections. As a result unrest broke out in the mid-Euphrates in January 1935. Following unsuccessful attempts by Shia leaders to achieve relief of certain grievances in return for reconciliation, the rebellion spread to the region of Diwaniyya, led by two powerful sheikhs. The rebellion, however, was pacified within a single week, as internal Iraqi politics allowed the resignation of the Iraqi government.
Following the arrest of one of the more prominent clerical followers of Ayatollah Khashif al-Ghita in May, Shia uprisings again spread in the mid-Euphrates. Martial law was declared in Diwaniyya by Bakr Sidqi and the full power of the Iraqi airforce and army was deployed against the Shia tribesmen. By the end of May they were defeated and the revolt over. However, this didn't end the uprisings,
The 1935 Shia uprisings posed no direct threat to the central Iraqi rule, since the tribes were too fragmented. Nevertheless, in 1936 the Shia tribes rose up again, killing 90 Iraqi troops and downing two aircraft. Sidqi's troops quickly prevailed, exacting a harsh punishment in destroying homes, imprisoning civilians and conducting public hangings of scores of men.
Background.
During the 1930s there was almost perpetual unrest in the Shi'a south fueled by a variety of motives, but underpinned throughout by their continued expulsion from the upper echelons of political power. Denied the opportunity to express discontent through democratic means, the Shi'a often resorted to open revolt.
King Ghazi of Iraq, a Hashemite ruler of Iraq from 1933 to 1939, was driven, amongst other things, by anti-Shia ambitions. As a result, two Shia ministers resigned from the Iraqi government in late 1933 following what in their opinion was a lack of care by the government for majority Shia communities in the area of Gharraf where a dam was to be built but the funds for which were diverted to the expansion of Iraqi army through conscription.
Jamil al-Midfai, who succeeded al-Kailani as the Prime Minister of Iraq, introduced the "National Defense Bill" to the Iraqi parliament in February 1934, setting up the framework for conscription and expansion of the Iraqi armed forces, a project strongly supported by Sunni Arabs, but regarded with suspicion and resentment by many Shia Arabs and Kurds.
In August 1934, elections promoted by al-Midfai and Ali Jawdat resulted in the reduction of Ikha party to just twelve seats and exclusion of most important tribal Shia sheikhs of the mid-Euphrates region from the parliament. A tactical alliance of the Ikha Party and the Shia sheikhs was hence created.
Uprisings.
January 1935 unrest.
In January 1935, an unrest swept the mid-Euphrates region. Prominent Shia tribal sheikhs of Najaf and Ayatollah Muhammad Kashif al-Ghita met preceding the events, with the "People's Charter" discussed. The People's Charter was presented to the government in March 1935. The charter accepted the Iraqi state, but focused on concerns that large portions of Iraqi population, who feld ignored by the government of Ali Jawdat.
March 1935 Diwaniyya uprising.
An unsuccessful attempt was made by the Shia leaders to receive certain grievances in return to reconciliation. A petition had also been issued to the Iraqi King to oust Ali Jawdat. As their demands for Jawdat's resignation produced no result, an immediate action followed - Bakr Sidqi was requested to refuse to crush the rebellion, while Ali Jawdat was urged to resign with the dissent of his cabinet. The rebellion then spread to the region of Diwaniyya, led by two powerful sheikhs, who had ties with the Ikha Party and Yasin al-Hashimi. Jamil al-Midfai, successor of Jawdat, had as well to resign on March 15 (just two weeks after his nomination), being uncapable the deal with the situation. Yasin al-Hashimi was then asked by the king to create a new government, effictively carrying out coup d'état against his rivals in March 1935. The rebellion, led by the allies of Yasin al-Hashimi in Diwaniyya, ended within a single week. It was followed by the entry of two chief rebel sheikhs into Baghdad, accompanied by large number of armed militants, who all came to issue a petition to the king, and show-off their force.
Despite the government attempts to pacify the tribes, tribal unrest kept spreading in the mid-Euphrates region in April.
May 1935 uprising.
Following the arrest of one of the more prominent clerical followers of Ayatollah Khashif al-Ghita in May, including Ahmad Asadallah on May 6, Rumaytha Shia tribes of Abu Hasan, Bani Zurayyij and Zawalim tribes revolted. Martial law was declared in Diwaniyya by Bakr Sidqi, and the full power of the Iraqi military employed against the Shia tribesmen. The air force began bombing the rebel villages in Diwaniyya on May 11. On May 13, the Muntafiq tribes of Suq al-Shuyukh and Nasiriyya revolted as well, shortly after which their sheikhs travelled to Najaf to sign the manifesto of Shia tribes against Yasin al-Hashimi. On the night of May 15, the rebels took over the town of Suq al-Shuyukh and cut the railway between Basra and Nasiriyya.
At this point the government, alarmed that the rebellion might further spread, expressed its will to negotiate with Ayatollah Khashif al-Ghita. The government effectively attempted to divide the rebelling tribes, as while Defense Minister Jafar al-Askari met the sheikhs of the Muntafiq tribes in order to persuade them into a truce the operations against Rumaytha continued until their full suppression on May 21.
The end of the Rumaytha revolt allowed the government to concentrate on the Muntafiq tribesmen and the mujtahids under Ayatollah al-Ghita. Salih Jabir, the Shia governor of Karbala, then persuaded al-Ghita to restrain the Muntafiq tribes from fighting. Upon establishing full control over Rumaytha, Nasiriyya and Suq al-Shuyukh, the government no longer had any interest in continuing negotiations with Khashif al-Ghita.
By the end of May, the tribesmen were defeated and the revolt over.
Later events.
The crackdown in Diwaniyya in May 1935, however didn't end the uprisings, as other incidents followed from time to time. Since May 1935, the Shia uprisings posed no direct threat to the central Iraqi rule, as the tribes were too fragmented.
In 1937, another revolt was crushed by Iraqi military in the mid-Euphrates region.
Social impact.
The May 1935 revolt uncovered a lack of community interest within the Iraqi Shia society and absence of strong Shia political leadership, to present their interests in Baghdad.
Shia tribal uprisings or an internal Iraqi politic struggle.
Though distinctively those were Shia tribal uprisings, according to Charles Tripp, the events of 1935 did not constitute the "rising of the tribes" or the "Shia against the government", though indeed tribal and communal Shia sentiments were at work.

</doc>
<doc id="31098787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098787" title="Konichiwa">
Konichiwa

Konichiwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31098801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098801" title="HMS M24">
HMS M24

HMS "M24" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor. After service in the Dover Patrol, she was also served in the British intervention in Russia in 1919. She was sold in mercantile service in 1920.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M24"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk VI gun removed from the HMS "Endymion". In addition to her 9.2-inch gun, she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. Due to the shortage of diesel engines, she was instead equipped with four-cylinder paraffin engines from the Campbell Gas Co. Producing 640 horsepower, these allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty-nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M24" ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the Sir Raylton Dixon & Co. Ltd shipyard at Govan in March 1915, launched on 9 August 1915, and completed in October 1915.
World War 1.
"M24" served in the Dover Patrol from October 1915 to June 1918. "M24" had her main 9.2in gun removed early in 1916, as it was required for artillery use on the Western Front, and a BL Mk III 50-caliber gun was fitted in lieu.
Russia.
"M24" next saw service in support of the North Russian Expeditionary Force. Prior to departure, she had her two QF 2-pounder Mark II and her 12pdr (76mm) QF Mk 1 gun replaced by AA guns. She remained in the White Sea until September, 1919
Disposal.
"M24" was sold on 29 January 1920 for conversion to a mercantile oil tanker, and renamed "Satoe".

</doc>
<doc id="31098807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098807" title="Ronny Velásquez">
Ronny Velásquez

Ronny Velásquez (born 31 August 1951) is a Venezuelan anthropologist, scientific explorer and editor.

</doc>
<doc id="31098812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098812" title="Rektorsakademien">
Rektorsakademien

Rektorsakademien started in 2004 by Caj Malmros (founder of the Stockholm Water Festival) and Fredrik Svensson. Principal Academy is a network working for the development of the Swedish school's management and results. The work is done mainly through networking and dissemination of modern development thinking on "leadership" and "learning" for a new age. Part of the activities are conducted in a non-profit organization, The Association Rektorsakademien, and a small part of Rektorsakademien in Sweden AB.

</doc>
<doc id="31098830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098830" title="Shukhrat Maqsudov">
Shukhrat Maqsudov

Shukhrat Maqsudov is a former Uzbekistan footballer, who played for Pakhtakor and FK Neftchi in Uzbek League in position of the forward.
Playing career.
Club.
Maqsudov was born in Uzbekistan and started his professional career at local Angren club, Tashkent Province. 1991 he moved to Pakhtakor and started to play first for reserve team of the club and later for main team. In 1993 season Pakhtakor finished runner-up after Neftchi Farg'ona and Maqsudov became third best top scorer of season, scoring 15 goals in league matches. 
In 1997 he moved to FK Neftchi, where he finished his football career as player. After he worked as coach in FK Neftchi.
National team.
Shukhrat Maqsudov belongs to the golden generation of Uzbekistan national team, which won Asian Games 1994. In final match Uzbekistan won China with 4:2 and Maqsudov scored last goal of uzbek side.
Managing career.
Maqsudov started his coaching career in 2001 at Neftchi Farg'ona as assistant coach to Yuriy Sarkisyan. He participated in 2011 AFC Asian Cup as assistant trainer to Vadim Abramov with Uzbekistan national team. After Vadim Abramov was sacked, Maqsudov remained assistant coach of national team to Mirjalol Qosimov. On 6 December 2013 he was named by UFF as head coach of Uzbekistan U-22 to prepare team for 2014 AFC U-22 Championship in Oman.

</doc>
<doc id="31098831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098831" title="Spring Breakup (band)">
Spring Breakup (band)

Spring Breakup is a Canadian folk duo consisting of Juno-nominated banjo player Kim Barlow, and Mathias Kom of The Burning Hell. The duo formed in the winter of 2009 in Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada. Most of Spring Breakup's songs are about romantic breakups. Their album "It's Not You, It's Me" was released 1 February 2011 on Guelph's Label Fantastic!.

</doc>
<doc id="31098847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098847" title="2011 BH Telecom Indoors – Doubles">
2011 BH Telecom Indoors – Doubles

Nicolas Mahut and Édouard Roger-Vasselin were the defending champions, but they withdrew before their first match against Tomislav Brkić and Damir Džumhur.<br>
Jamie Delgado and Jonathan Marray won the final against Yves Allegro and Andreas Beck 7–6(4), 6–2.

</doc>
<doc id="31098848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098848" title="Boparai, Kapurthala">
Boparai, Kapurthala

Boparai village comes under the Nadala development block of Kapurthala. Kapurthala is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
About.
Boparai lies on the Bholath-Bhogpur Road.
It is located near Bholath and it is about 16 km from Kartarpur and about 32 km from Jalandhar.
There are two Gurudwara Sahib:
Post code.
Boparai's postal code is 144622.

</doc>
<doc id="31098849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098849" title="The Best Pair of Legs in the Business">
The Best Pair of Legs in the Business

The Best Pair of Legs in the Business is a 1972 British comedy drama film directed by Christopher Hodson and starring Reg Varney, Diana Coupland and Lee Montague. A comic at a holiday camp is concerned about the future. However he manages to secure both a job and a wife. It is a cinematic version of an episode of Yorkshire Television's "ITV Playhouse", transmitted on 28 December 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="31098865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098865" title="Patrick Tauziac">
Patrick Tauziac

Patrick Tauziac (born 18 January 1955 in Saigon, Vietnam) is a French former rally driver. Tauziac competed in the Rallye Côte d'Ivoire nine times as a World Rally Championship event, winning it in 1990.
Career.
Born in Saigon, Tauziac left Vietnam at the age of two to spend his entire childhood in Madagascar. At the age of 20 he went to France for four years before moving to the Côte d'Ivoire.
After getting into rallying, Tauziac began entering the country's World Rally Championship round in 1984, where he finished sixth in a Mitsubishi Colt. As the rally was only a round of the World Drivers' Championship and not the Manufacturers' Championship it was not well supported by the factory teams. Tauziac finished the rally third in 1988 and second in 1989 before winning it in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="31098872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098872" title="HMS M18">
HMS M18

HMS "M18" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M18"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk X gun which had been held as a spare for the and . In addition to her 9.2-inch gun, she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. She was equipped with a four-shaft Bolinder two-cylinder semi-diesel engine with 640 horsepower that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty-nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M18" ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the William Gray shipyard at Hartlepool in March 1915, launched on 15 May 1915, and completed in July 1915.
World War 1.
"M18" served in the Mediterranean from October 1915 to October 1918, and in the Baltic April to June 1919.
Disposal.
"M18" was sold on 29 January 1920 for mercantile service as an oil tanker and renamed 'Anam'.

</doc>
<doc id="31098876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098876" title="Stacha Halpern">
Stacha Halpern

Stanislav "Stacha" Halpern (20 October 1919 – 28 January 1969) was a Polish Australian painter and sculptor. Following the Nazi invasion of Poland in 1939, Halpern emigrated to Australia. A decade later he became a naturalised Australian citizen. Based in Melbourne for much of his early career, Halpern painted bold semi-abstract works of street life. Later he travelled throughout Europe and experimented with pure abstraction and expressionistic portraiture. Australian artist and friend Arthur Boyd described Halpern's work as "original, vigorous and always arresting".
Paintings, sculptures and pottery by Halpern are held in several of Australia's public collections including the National Gallery of Australia, the National Gallery of Victoria and the Art Gallery of South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31098884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098884" title="Journal of Environmental Biology">
Journal of Environmental Biology

The Journal of Environmental Biology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Triveni Enterprises. It covers all aspects of environmental sciences, toxicology, and related fields. The editor-in-chief is R.C. Dalela, who started the journal in 1980.
Publication.
Print-issues are published bimonthly (January, March, May, July, September, November) and almost immediately after that, the contents are also published online with free access.
Impact factor.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.640, ranking it 180th out of 205 journals in the category "Environmental Sciences".

</doc>
<doc id="31098888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098888" title="Land van Arkel">
Land van Arkel

The Land van Arkel was a fief of the Counts of Holland, and was managed by the Lords of Arkel until 1412. The territory was bordered by the river Merwede on the south, and the river Linge on the east. The northern border might have reached as far as Everdingen, and the western border to the river Lek. Present day towns in the territory include Leerdam, Arkel, Heukelum, Asperen, Hagestein, Haastrecht and Gorinchem.
History.
Around 1234-1240, Herbaren II, lord of Ter Leede, is supposed to have moved to Arkel in order to settle there. He was the founder of the house of Arkel. He left the lordship Ter Leede (presumably located just south of modern Leerdam) to his younger brother. His son John II is named as vassal of the Count of Holland in a 1253 chronicle. Jan II was assigned a somewhat larger territory, stretching all the way to the river Merwede. 
In 1260 the lords of Arkel gained possession of Bergambacht, but they were at a disadvantage because their properties were scattered. In 1272, the port of Gorinchem was bought from the lord of Bentheim, which allowed for toll collection on the Lek and Merwede rivers. There was a flourishing trade from which the lords of Arkel were able to profit considerably. Several castles were built, the most famous in Asperen, Haastrecht and Gorinchem (1267). The lords stayed mostly in this last castle in Gorinchem. In 1290, John II dedicated his castle at Gorinchem to his feudal liege lord, Floris V, count of Holland, in deference to his authority.
After John II van der Lede died without offspring in 1305, John III of Arkel inherited the lordship of Ter Leede. In 1351 the lands around the Lek river were added to their possessions. Haastrecht was also added. Otto gave Gorinchem, Hagestein and Leerdam city rights in 1382. The power of the Lords of Arkel was at its highest at the end of the 14th century; the fortress on the eastern bank of the city of Gorinchem becoming known as "The Imperial Castle".
The Duchy of Gelderland, the County of Holland and the Bishopric of Utrecht watched grudgingly as the economic and military powers of the fiefdom grew. What followed was the Arkel War, which broke out in 1401, after a dispute with Duke Albert I of Bavaria, who was also the Count of Holland. John V managed to maintain his position until 1412, when he was driven to Vuren, where he was captured. He spent the rest of his life in captivity in Gouda and Leerdam. His son William of Arkel led a revolt in 1417, but was killed. The power of dynasty thus came to an end, although the descendants of Maria van Arkel, the daughter of John V, would eventually acquire major political powers in Gelre.
The castle of Gorinchem was demolished in 1413. A new castle was built for the Counts of Holland, south of the city walls. This castle was known as the "Blue" Tower.
Findings.
In 2003 a pillar was found at the streets Artilleriekade and Struisvogelstreet in Gorinchem. It was dated to the 14th century and must have been part of the residence where the lords of Arkel resided. In 2006 foundations of a castle belonging to the lords of Arkel were dug up in Hagestein.

</doc>
<doc id="31098921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098921" title="HMS M17">
HMS M17

HMS "M17" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M17"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk X gun which had been held as a spare for the and . In addition to her 9.2 inch gun, she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. She was equipped with Triple Expansion steam engines rated to 800 horse power that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M17" was ordered in March 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the William Gray shipyard at Hartlepool in March 1915, launched on 12 May 1915, and completed in July 1915.
World War 1.
"M17" served in the Mediterranean from August 1915 to October 1918, and in the Baltic from March to September 1919.
Disposal.
"M17" was sold on 12 May 1920 for mercantile service as an oil tanker and renamed 'Todejoe'.

</doc>
<doc id="31098929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098929" title="List of brutalist apartment blocks in Sheffield">
List of brutalist apartment blocks in Sheffield

The 1950s and 1960s saw the construction of a large number of Brutalist apartment blocks in Sheffield, England. Sheffield City Council had been clearing inner-city residential slums since the early 1900s. Prior to the 1950s these slums were replaced with low-rise council housing, mostly constructed in new estates on the edge of the city. By the mid-1950s the establishment of a green belt had led to a shortage of available land on the edges of the city, whilst the government increased subsidies for the construction of high-rise apartment towers on former slum land, so the council began to construct high-rise inner city estates, adopting modernist designs and industrialised construction techniques, culminating in the construction of the Park Hill estate.
Herdings complex.
The Herdings complex originally included three towers, however one was demolished as it was deemed unsafe. After it was reduced to two towers, the complex received names such as the Herdings Twin Towers and Sheffield Twin Towers. While it was still three towers, the complex was also named the Three Sisters.
Queen Elizabeth Court.
Queen Elizabeth Court was built in 1959. It was refurbished in 1998, when it received the current white and green cladding. It is located on Raeburn Place. Queen Elizabeth Court has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 38 metre tall tower; all of them are 1-bedroom apartments.
Queen Anne Court.
Queen Anne Court was built in 1959. It was refurbished in 1998, when it received the current white and blue cladding. It is located on Raeburn Place. Queen Anne Court has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 38 metre tall tower; all of them are 1-bedroom apartments. However, its absolute height is around 55 metres, as it has a radio and TV aerial on top. The pinnacle of this tower is the absolute highest point in Sheffield, despite being smaller than the St Paul's Tower; this is because it is situated on a hill, and most of the other tall buildings in Sheffield are in the City Centre, a valley; or other valleys.
200-294 Raeburn Place (demolished).
200-294 Raeburn Place was built in 1959. It had 13 floors and was 38 metres tall. In the 1990s it was discovered to be unsafe, and it was demolished between 1995 and 1996.
Upperthorpe complex.
The Upperthorpe complex was built between 1959 and 1961 on the site of old slums. The complex buildings stand along Martin Street, next to Crookesmoor Recreation Ground and Ponderosa Park, in the district of Upperthorpe.
Wentworth House.
Wentworth House was built in 1959. This block was named after Wentworth Street which was parallel to Martin Street until the 1950s, when, in the post war slum clearances, the back to back houses on that street and the whole area were demolished and replaced by modern houses, and these flats. It was refusbished between 1993 and 1996, when it received the current white, cream, and brown cladding. It is located at 1-95 Martin Street. Wentworth has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 38 metre tall tower; all of them are 1-bedroom apartments.
Adelphi House.
Adelphi House was built in 1959. This block takes its name from Adelphi Street which crossed Martin Street here until the 1950s when the flats were constructed. Housing on Adelphi Street consisted of small dwellings which were cleared in the post war slum clearances. Adelphi House was refurbished between 1993 and 1996, when it received the current white, cream, and brown cladding. It is located at 97-191 Martin Street. Adelphi has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 38 metre tall tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Martin House.
Martin House was built in 1959. This block takes its name from Martin Street, the street where all of the towers stand (except one). It was refurbished between 1993 and 1996, when it received the current white, cream, and brown cladding. It is located at 193-287 Martin Street. Martin has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 38 metre tall tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Burlington House.
Burlington House was built in 1961. This block takes its name from Burlington Street which originally crossed the site but now ends at 289-383 Martin Street. Burlington has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 38 metre tall tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Bond House.
Bond House was built in 1961. This block takes its name from Bond Street which originally crossed the site but now doesn't exist. It was refurbished between 1993 and 1996, when it received the current white, cream, and brown cladding. It is located at 385-479 Martin Street. Bond has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 38 metre tall tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Albion House.
Albion House was built in 1961. This block takes its name from the nearby Albion Street. It was refurbished between 1993 and 1996, when it received the current white, cream, and brown cladding. It is located at 481-575 Martin Street. Albion has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 38 metre tall tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Oxford House.
Oxford House was built in 1961. This block takes its name from Oxford Street. This is the only tower in this complex not on Martin Street; it is aligned to the right of the other towers, on the corner of Martin Street and Oxford Street. It was refurbished between 1993 and 1996, when it received the current white, cream, and brown cladding. It is located at 469-563 Oxford Street. Oxford has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 38 metre tall tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Park Hill.
Park Hill is a massive complex built in 1961. It has been undergoing refurbishment since 2009.
Netherthorpe complex.
The Netherthorpe complex was built in 1962 in the district of Netherthorpe. It was refurbished in 1998.
Adamfield House.
Adamfield House was built in 1962. This is the block closest to Brook Hill Roundabout and the Supertram Tunnel. It was refurbished in 1998, when it received the current white and aqua cladding. It is located at 1-95 Brightmore Drive. Adamfield has 14 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tall tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Cornhill House.
Cornhill House was built in 1962. This is the block closest to the iconic Sheffield University Arts Tower, Sheffield's tallest building until the St Paul's Tower was topped out in 2010. It was refurbished in 1998, when it received the current white and aqua cladding. It is located at 99-193 Brightmore Drive. Cornhill has 14 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tall tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Robertshaw House.
Robertshaw House was built in 1962. It was refurbished in 1998, when it received the current white and dark blue cladding. Robertshaw has 15 floors, 14 of them residential; 56 apartments are located within the 41 metre tall tower, all of which are 2-bedroom apartments
The block was named after Jeremiah Robertshaw printer and bookbinder, originally there was a street named after him and his wife Sarah 
(Robertshaw Street and Sarah Street) before redevelopment of the area. Jeremiah Robertshaw can also be found on the original opening plaque at the Northern General Hospital Sheffield.
Crawshaw House.
Crawshaw House was built in 1962. It was refurbished in 1998, when it received the current white and dark blue cladding. It is located at 2-112 Mitchell Street. Crawshaw has 15 floors, 14 of them residential; 56 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 2-bedroom apartments.
Callow Mount complex.
The Callow Mount complex was built in 1962 in Gleadless. It was refurbished between 2010 and 2011.
Callow House.
Callow House was built in 1962. It was refurbished in 2010, when it was reclad. It is located at 1-111 Callow Place. Callow has 15 floors, 14 of them residential; 56 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 2-bedroom apartments. Callow is home to the district heating system for the whole of the complex, and differs from the other towers in that it has three metal chimneys attached to its side.
Bankwood House.
Bankwood House was built in 1962. It was refurbished in 2010, when it was reclad. It is located at 1-95 Callow Mount. Bankwood has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Handbank House.
Handbank House was built in 1962. It was refurbished between 2010 and 2011, when it was reclad. It is located at 98-192 Callow Mount. Handbank has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments. Apartments in Handbank are only available for "older" people to rent.
Pemberton House.
Pemberton House was built in 1962. It was refurbished between 2010 and 2011, when it was reclad. It is located at 2-96 Callow Road. Pemberton has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Parkfield House.
Parkfield House was built in 1962. It was refurbished in 2011, when it was reclad. It is located at 1-95 Callow Drive. Parkfield has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Newfield House.
Newfield House was built in 1962. It was refurbished in 2011, when it was reclad. It is located at 97-191 Callow Drive. Newfield has 13 floors, 12 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Lansdowne complex.
The Lansdowne complex was built in 1964 in Highfield, half a mile from Bramall Lane Stadium and just outside the City Centre.
Gregory House.
Gregory House was built in 1964. It was refurbished in 2007, when it received its current grey cladding. It is located at 121-239 Leverton Gardens. Gregory has 16 floors, 14 of them residential; 56 apartments are located within the 43 metre tower, all of which are 2-bedroom apartments.
Wiggen House.
Wiggen House was built in 1964. It was refurbished in 2007, when it received its current grey cladding. It is located at 1-119 Leverton Drive. Wiggen has 16 floors, 14 of them residential; 56 apartments are located within the 43 metre tower, all of which are 2-bedroom apartments.
Keating House.
Keating House was built in 1964. It was refurbished in 2007, when it received its current grey cladding. It is located at 1-119 Leverton Gardens. Keating has 16 floors, 14 of them residential; 56 apartments are located within the 43 metre tower, all of which are 2-bedroom apartments.
Stannington Deer Park complex.
Stannington Deer Park complex was built in 1965 in the Stannington district of Sheffield, and consists of 3 towers.
Woodland House.
Woodland House was built in 1965. It was refurbished in 1990, when it received its current red brick cladding. It is located at 2-174 Deer Park Close. Woodland has 15 floors, 14 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments. Woodland differs from the other towers in that it is home to the district heating system for the whole complex, and has 3 red metal chimneys attached to the side.
Cliffe House.
Cliffe House was built in 1965. It was refurbished in 1990, when it received its current red brick cladding. It is located at 1-173 Deer Park View. Cliffe has 15 floors, 14 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Parkside House.
Parkside House was built in 1965. It was refurbished in 1990, when it received its current red brick cladding. It is located at 1-173 Deer Park Road. Parkside has 15 floors, 14 of them residential; 48 apartments are located within the 41 metre tower, all of which are 1-bedroom apartments.
Hanover House.
Hanover House was built in 1966 in the Broomhall district of Sheffield. It has 16 floors, 15 of them residential, and is located on Exeter Drive. It is 43 metres tall. Its cladding is exposed grey-brown concrete with bright yellow metal panes. However, it is currently being refurbished to hide these panes.
The Fosters (demolished).
The Fosters was built in 1966 in the High Green district of Sheffield. It has 10 floors, 9 of them residential, and is located on Foster Way. It is 38 metres tall. It was vacant and in a dilapidated state for a number of years, and was eventually demolished in 2012 following a decision by Sheffield City Council.
Jordanthorpe complex.
The Jordanthorpe complex was built in 1967, and consisted of 3 towers. All have now been demolished.
Chantrey House (demolished).
Chantrey House was built in 1967. It was located on Dyche Drive. Chantrey had 15 floors, 14 of them residential. 48 apartments were located within the 41 metre tower, all of which were 1-bedroom apartments. Apartments in Chantrey were only available for "older" people to purchase. This block was demolished on 29 April 2012.
Ramsey House (demolished).
Ramsey House was built in 1967. It was located on Dyche Drive. Ramsey had 15 floors, 14 of them residential; 48 apartments were located within the 41 metre tower, all of which were 1-bedroom apartments. It was demolished in 2001.
Rhodes House (demolished).
Rhodes House was built in 1967. It was located on Dyche Close. Rhodes had 15 floors, 14 of them residential; 48 apartments were located within the 41 metre tower, all of which were 1-bedroom apartments. It was demolished in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31098930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098930" title="Max Eastley">
Max Eastley

Max Eastley (born 1 December 1944, Torquay, Devon) is a sound and visual artist. He is part of the Cape Farewell Climate Change project (Cape Farewell official website). He studied painting and graphic art at Newton Abbot Art School and then went on to gain a BA in Fine Art (1969–1972) at Middlesex University (formerly Hornsey School of Art). He is a sculptor (kinetic), musician and composer. His primary instrument is a unique electro-acoustic monochord, developed from an aeolian sculpture. 'The Arc' consists of a single string stretched lengthwise across a long piece of wood (around ten feet) which can be played with a bow, fingers or short glass rods. The end of the instrument has a microphone attached so the basic sound can be amplified, recorded and run through sound effect programs.
Eastley has collaborated with many different artists and musicians on performances, installations and recordings including: David Toop (Toop's official website), Brian Eno, Paul Burwell, Victor gama, Hugh Davies, Steve Beresford, Peter Greenaway, Dave Hunt, David Buckland, Evan Parker, Peter Cusak, Spaceheads. From 2001-2002, Eastley was a visiting fellow at John Moores University Liverpool and is currently (2010 onwards) an AHRC research fellow at Oxford Brookes University researching Aeolian phenomena. On the 17th May 1989, Eastley was awarded a prize in the 'Learning Spaces Category' of the working in the City European Communities Architectural Ideas Competition (University College Dublin).
Selected Discography.
Eastley has worked across a variety of genres including: improvised and experimental music; folk music; popular song; jazz; compositions using environmental recordings as well as musical resources. He has also composed music for film and dance. Eastley was part of the group 'The 49 Americans', who played together for a period during the 1980s and produced several albums together.
Selected Performances.
Max has performed as a solo musician and in many combinations with other artists. He has worked on stage with his installations and with film and has created and performed in musical/theatrical performances such as: 'Whirled Music'.
Selected Installations and Exhibitions.
Max has done a wide variety of installations worldwide, many of which use moving parts (motors, pulleys etc.) to create ambient soundscapes while engaging the observer visually. Many recordings of the below installations appear on the CD: 'Max Eastley Installation Recordings 1973-2008' 
Installations for Cape Farewell.
Eastley collaborated with sound engineer Dave Hunt to develop an innovative computer-controlled amplification system for these installations. Eastley has been part of the Cape Farewell project since 2005 and has been on three trips to Spitsbergen with the organisation. Sound clip of bearded seals
The following installations were part of a touring exhibition:
Publications Featured In.
Eastley has appeared in several publications since the 1970s, including:
Dance.
Eastley composed music for the Siobhan Davies Production: 'Plants and Ghosts' in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31098942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098942" title="Dominion (Benedictum album)">
Dominion (Benedictum album)

Dominion is the third studio album by the American heavy metal band Benedictum, released through Frontiers Records in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31098948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098948" title="Kevin Spencer (musician)">
Kevin Spencer (musician)

Kevin Spencer (born December 22, 1973) is a Canadian musician-writer-producer.
He began his career in music as a member of the Hamilton, Ontario pop band The Misunderstood, one of the 1996 CFNY New Music Search Finalists. In 1997, after The Misunderstood broke up, Spencer moved to Vancouver, British Columbia as a hired musician for Rymes With Orange penning the Canadian hit "Standing in the Rain" and became a founding member of the band Mudgirl, who had a Canadian radio hit that year with "This Day", which garnered them a spot on Lilith Fair and consequently in Rolling Stone Magazine.
Between the years 1999 and 2001, he continued performing, recording and touring with Mudgirl, The Kim Band, Rymes with Orange, Mezzanine, and others contributing guitar, bass, drums, programming and voice. In September 2001, Spencer was recruited by Bernard Telsey Casting in New York to play the role of Roger Davis in the National Tour of the rock opera "Rent". Completing over 550 shows, his contract ended in late 2004. Between the years 2005 and 2009, he toured and worked exclusively 
for musician/producer Daniel Lanois (U2, Peter Gabriel, Bob Dylan).

</doc>
<doc id="31098953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098953" title="Nikos Alexiou">
Nikos Alexiou

Nikos Alexiou (; 1960 – 25 February 2011, Athens) is a Greek artist who specialized in visual art, contemporary art, installation art and set design for theatre and dance. He exhibited his work at personal exhibitions and group events both in Greece and abroad. Alexiou lived in central Athens until his death from cancer at the age of 51.
Education.
In 1982, at the age of 22, Alexiou moved to Austria to study at the Viennese Academy of Fine Arts. Two years later, he returned to Greece to study at the Athens School of Fine Arts.
Career.
Alexiou received recognition for his work as set designer for "Medea" (Dimitris Papaioannou, (1993) and for "The End" (installation, 2007). "The End" was selected as the Greek contribution to the 52nd Venice Biennale.
Contemporary and visual art.
In 1985, Alexiou held his first personal exhibition at "Desmos" Gallery in Athens. He used basic materials and those commonly found in nature such as rock, wood, mud and water. In 1987, Alexiou continued his experimentation with natural features by venturing into their decomposition. He created "Prisms", a series of works which analyzes the projection of white light into different spaces, even through rain. Alexiou later created "Solar Houses", minimalistic constructions of cane and reeds which share a fragile feeling of absolute geometry. Alexiou said, he was creating "an imaginable garden pavilion".
Other works in this genre include: "San Marco di Venezia", "The Gate", and "Fountain".
"The End".
In 2007, Vassilika Sarilaki, an art historian, interviewed Alexiou regarding his participation in the Venice Biennale.She wrote,
Set design.
In his years at the Athens School of Fine Arts, Alexiou met Dimitris Papaioannou, a stage director, choreographer, and visual artist. At the time, Papaioannou was a fellow pupil. The two men became friends and worked together on various projects.
In 1990, Alexiou proposed a collaboration, using his own work as a base for Papaioannou to work upon. The result was "The Last Song of Richard Strauss", which later became "The Songs" trilogy.
"The Last Song", a success for Papaioannou and the "Omada Edafous Dance Theatre company", demonstrated work in the genre of set design.
In 1993, Alexiou again collaborated with Dimitris Papaioannou in the production of "Medea" for the "Omada Edafous Dance Theatre company".
Art collector.
Alexiou began collecting art at a young age. In 2009, he curated an exhibition of his collection of works by 70 modern and contemporary artists at the Bazeos Tower in Naxos. The tower is a 17th-century tower that was built as a monastery.
The collected artists included Adam Chodzko, Bernhard Cella, Amy O’Neill, Jim Shaw, Jimmie Durham, Andisheh Avini, Yuken Teruya, Antonis Kiriakoulis, Deanna Maganias, Giannoulis Chalepas, Elena Poka, Ilias Kafouros, Kostis Velonis, Dimitris Papaioannou, Mantalina Psoma, Emmanouil Zacharioudakis, Simon Periton, Marie Francoise Poutays, Mary Redmont, Michael Michaeledes, Minas, Spyros Litinas, Stephen Dean, Vasso Gavaisse, Lydia Venieri,Vangelis Vlahos and Yorgos Papountzis.
The exhibition was an expression of the artistry of Alexiou (as much as his own work). The collected items paralleled his own development as an artist; the business of the final preparations of the exhibition reflected his passion; and the tower itself became an art subject itself in Alexiou's video productions of the day.
List of works.
Alexiou participated a large number of personal and group exhibitions. There are works which were never exhibited or are not known to the public. (The following list is not complete; it depicts only a selection of his known works).

</doc>
<doc id="31098970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098970" title="HMS M16">
HMS M16

HMS "M16" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor.
Design.
Originally intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M16"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk X gun which had been held as a spare for the and . In addition to her 9.2 inch gun, she also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. She was equipped with Triple Expansion steam engines rated to 800 horse power that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M16" was ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. She was laid down at the William Gray shipyard at Hartlepool in March 1915, launched on 3 May 1915, and completed in June 1915.
World War 1.
"M16" served in the Mediterranean from July 1915 to October 1918.
Disposal.
"M16" was sold on 29 January 1920 for mercantile service as an oil tanker with Anglo Saxon Petroleum Co, and renamed 'Tiga'.

</doc>
<doc id="31098991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31098991" title="Jack Rattenbury">
Jack Rattenbury

Jack Rattenbury, nicknamed Rob Roy of the West (1778, Beer, Devon - 1844) was an English smuggler. In 1837 after thirty years at sea as a fisherman, pilot, seaman and smuggler he wrote about his life in a book called "Memoirs of a Smuggler" with the help of a local Unitarian clergyman.
Life.
Jack Rattenbury was born in Beer in 1778. His mother, Anne Newton, came from Beer, and his father, John Rattenbury, came from Honiton. Going to sea from the age of nine, Jack Rattenbury first became involved in smuggling at the age of sixteen. In 1800 he married Anna Partridge from Lyme Regis. He died aged sixty-five, and was buried on 28 April 1844 in Seaton churchyard, at an unmarked spot close to the north transept.
The Beer Quarry Caves were of great use to smugglers as they could be used to store contraband, hidden from the excise officials. One cave that was used was the Adit between Branscombe and Beer Head.
Rattenbury in fiction.
In 1879 Sir Walter Besant and James Rice published a book of stories, " 'Twas in Trafalgar Bay", about Rattenbury.
In 1900 Sabine Baring-Gould wrote a novel about him entitled "Winefred: a story of the chalk cliffs".
Author Mary Upton wrote a 2007 novel about him entitled "Rattenbury: a novel based on the memoirs of a West Country smuggler".

</doc>
<doc id="31099006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099006" title="Sy Thomas">
Sy Thomas

Sy Thomas (born 24 August 1979 in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire) is a British TV presenter, stand-up comedian and actor.
Early years and career.
Thomas attended Aberystwyth University, Wales, where he studied drama from 1998 to 2001 and received a BA upper second.
In 2005, Thomas took part in a documentary film with Alexis Dubus about the Plymouth to Banjul Challenge. The project involved buying a car for £100 and attempting to drive it 4,000 miles through seven countries and the Sahara Desert before auctioning it off for local charities in the Gambia. He has referred to this as a life-changing experience.
In 2006 he started presenting comedy characters on Nickelodeon which led to a full presenting role on "ME:TV" and the UK Kids' Choice Awards in 2007.
Thomas is a regular performer at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe with his comedy partner Simon Feilder.
Thomas appeared in a viral Vodafone campaign alongside Lewis Hamilton 
He was the lead presenter on the first two series of the TV programme "The Cool Stuff Collective" by Archie Productions on ITV.
In June 2011, Thomas began demonstrating products from the Argos catalogue, such as backpacks and camcorders, on home shopping channel Argos TV.
From September 2012, Thomas has starred as Archie in the CBBC sitcom "The Revolting World of Stanley Brown".

</doc>
<doc id="31099016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099016" title="Alain Ambrosino">
Alain Ambrosino

Alain Ambrosino (born 15 June 1951 in Casablanca, Morocco) is a French rally driver, who won the Rallye Côte d'Ivoire in 1988, a round of the World Rally Championship.
Career.
Ambrosino did most of his rallying on the African continent, winning the African Rally Championship three times, in 1983, 1986 and 1987. However, the first World Rally Championship event he contested was the Press-on-Regardless Rally in the United States in 1974, from which he retired. He finished the following year's Rallye du Maroc in 11th position.
It was on the Rallye Côte d'Ivoire where he enjoyed the most success on the world stage. He finished third in 1980 and again in 1985 before winning it in 1988. This result was made possible due to the lack of manufacturer entries in the event.

</doc>
<doc id="31099037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099037" title="Evi Christofilopoulou">
Evi Christofilopoulou

Evi Christofilopoulou (; born in 1956 in Athens, Greece) is the Deputy Minister of Education, Lifelong learning and Religions of Greece.
Early Life and Education.
Evi Christofilopoulou was born in 1956 in Athens, Greece. She graduated from the Law School of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
After her graduation, she entered the London School of Economics, where she obtained a Masters of Sciences in Political Sciences, as well as a Ph.D. in Public Administration and Civil Policy.
She is fluent in English and French.
Career.
From 1986 until 1991, Evi Christofilopoulou was in charge of the Sector of member Development for the Local Administration in E.E.T.A.A. .
From 1992 until 1997 she co-operated with the National Bank of Greece, as well as enterprises of the private sector in the field of human resources development.
She had also been a Special Consultant of Georgios Gennimatas during his post in the Ministry of Economics.
Academic career.
Evi Christofilopoulou has been a Professor in the Department of Public Administration of Engineers and Regional Development of the University of Thessaly, as well as in Post-Doctorate courses of the Department of Political Sciences and Public Administration of the Law School of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
Evi Christofilopoulou, is currently an assistant Professor in the School of Business Administration of the Hellenic Open University.
Politics.
Evi Christofilopoulou joined the Panhellenic Socialist Movement in 1999.
From 1997 until 2002, she was the General Secretary of the Administration of Public Funds in charge of the planning and administration of employment and education for Civil Policies.
She has been a member of the Committee of Civil Cases and Research for the Technological Equipment of the Hellenic Parliament.
From 2004 until December 2006, Evi Christofilopoulou was the co-ordinator for Civil Cases in the Parliamentary Team of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement.
She has been a member of the Committee of the program of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement in charge for the policies related to the family and children.
In March 2004, she was elected as a member of the Hellenic Parliament with the Panhellenic Socialist Movement in the Prefecture of Attica (greater Athens).
In October 2009, she was re-elected as a member of the Hellenic Parliament and was appointed as the Deputy Minister of Education, Lifelong learning and Religions in the Cabinet of George Papandreou, which she remained in the Papademos. Following the Greek legislative election, June 2012, she was named spokesperson of the PASOK parliamentary group in the Hellenic Parliament, together with Michalis Chrisochoidis, a position she left on 25 June 2013 after joining the Coalition Cabinet of Antonis Samaras as Deputy Minister of Administrative Reform and e-Governance.
Personal life.
Evi Christofilopoulou is married to Dimitris Christofilopoulos. They have a daughter, Eliana, and a son, Paulos.

</doc>
<doc id="31099041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099041" title="Cantao">
Cantao

Cantao may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31099043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099043" title="List of communes of the Province of Carbonia-Iglesias">
List of communes of the Province of Carbonia-Iglesias

The following is a list of the 23 "comuni" of the Province of Carbonia-Iglesias, Sardinia, in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31099055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099055" title="May Cutler">
May Cutler

May Cutler (September 4, 1923 – March 3, 2011) was a Canadian author, journalist, publisher, playwright and former mayor of the City of Westmount, Quebec. Cutler founded Tundra Books in her home in 1967, becoming Canada's first female publisher of children’s books. Cutler served a four-year term as the first female mayor of Westmount, Quebec from 1987 to 1991.
Life and career.
Early life.
Cutler was born May Ebbitt in the east end of Montreal in 1923. Her parents, Francis (née Farrelly) and William Henry Ebbitt, a police officer, were Irish immigrants. May had two older brothers, William "Bill" Ebbitt and Jack Ebbitt. She married Phil Cutler in 1953, a Canadian labor lawyer and Quebec Superior Court judge, who died in 1987. The couple had four sons - Keir, Adam and Michael, who are twins, and Roger.
Cutler earned both her Bachelor of Arts and her master of arts degrees from McGill University in Montreal. She next obtained a second master of arts in journalism from Columbia University in New York City.
Early career.
Cutler worked for the newly formed United Nations following her graduation from Columbia University. Cutler returned to Canada, where she became a columnist and reporter for the former "Montreal Herald". She also wrote magazine articles for the now defunct "Montreal Standard". Cutler was only the second woman to be hired by the Canadian Press.
She would later join the faculty of McGill University, where she founded a three-year curriculum program for journalism.
Tundra Books.
In 1967, using 1st prize money won when she entered her short autobiographical novel titled "The Last Noble Savage" in the Canadian Centennial Commission Publications Assistance Competition, Cutler founded Tundra Books. In doing so, Cutler became the first Canadian woman to become a publisher of children's books in history. Cutler owned and operated Tundra Books for more than 28 years. She openly sought out writers and artists to author children's books for her publishing house. Cutler was the first publisher to release works by Stéphane Poulin, a French-language illustrator and author, Dayal Kaur Khalsa, author of I Want a Dog and several other titles, and William Kurelek, who released "A Prairie Boy’s Winter" and "They Sought a New World" through Tundra Books. In addition to children's publishing business, Cutler also published books by architect Moshe Safdie and novelist Roch Carrier, including his work "The Hockey Sweater".
Cutler successfully guided Tundra Books through financial difficulties, as well as the death of her husband in 1987, which coincided with her political campaign for mayor of Westmount. Tundra Books was sold to the McClelland & Stewart publishing firm in 1998.
Cutler also wrote and published her own works during her career. She published her novel, "The Last Noble Savage", in 1967. She also penned a musical, two theatrical plays and a biography of Kurelek entitled "Breaking Free: The Story of William Kurelek".
Mayor of Westmount.
Cutler decided to enter politics in 1987 following several personal and professional disagreements with the local government. The city council of Westmount, Quebec, had refused her request for a zoning change which would have allowed Tundra Books' headquarters to move to the street-level floor of Sherbrooke Street which she had purchased even though the space permitted "professional" use. Cutler announced her candidacy for mayor of Westmount in 1987, which was her first political campaign. She defeated incumbent Westmount Mayor Brian Gallery in the 1987 mayoral election, becoming the first female mayor of the city. Gallery later praised Cutler's handling of the transition of power saying, "She was listening, she asked good questions...I walked away from our chat thinking she’ll be a good friend. The keys to the city will be in very good hands." Montreal city councilman Marvin Rotrand also noted that Cutler's election, "marked a sea change from the clannish, traditional way that Westmount had always been run."
Cutler served one four-year term as Mayor of Westmount. She declined to run for re-election in 1991 and asked then Westmount city coucilman Peter Trent to run to succeed her as Mayor. Trent was elected in 1991 when Cutler stepped down from office. Her main accomplishment during her term as mayor was to launch a campaign to renovate the Westmount Public Library from a rundown building into a state-of-the-art modern library. The result of this campaign was realized shortly after Cutler left office as mayor.
Later life.
May Cutler completed her dream to visit all continents when she traveled to Antarctica in 2010 for a six-week trip. The trip by boat from Miami and down the west coast of South America took its toll her health. She returned to Montreal with heart condition. She died in her home in Montreal on March 3, 2011, at the age of 87, after being hospitalized in February. She had suffered from several illnesses. Upon her death, she had asked that her body be donated to McGill University Medicine for medical studies.
Cutler was survived by her four sons and six grandchildren. In November 2013, her oldest grandson, Philip A. Cutler, at age 25 became the youngest candidate elected councilor to the City of Westmount.

</doc>
<doc id="31099058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099058" title="Hwang Hyun-sun">
Hwang Hyun-sun

Hwang Hyun-sun (Hangul: 황현선, Hanja: 黃鉉善) (born March 24, 1993) is a short track speed skater who competes for South Korea.
Career.
In 2010, Kim was chosen by the South Korea national team at the age of 17. She won one gold, five silvers and one bronze medals at the World Cup. At the 2011 Asian Winter Games, she also won silver in 3000 m relay. She also won a gold medal at the 2011 World Team Championships in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="31099092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099092" title="HMS M15">
HMS M15

HMS "M15" was a First World War Royal Navy "M15"-class monitor. It was sunk off Gaza by on November 11, 1917.
Design.
Intended as a shore bombardment vessel, "M15"s primary armament was a single 9.2 inch Mk X gun which had been held as a spare for the and . In addition to her 9.2 inch gun, it also possessed one 12 pounder and one six pound anti-aircraft gun. It was equipped with Triple Expansion steam engines rated to 800 horse power that allowed a top speed of eleven knots. The monitor's crew consisted of sixty nine officers and men.
Construction.
HMS "M15" was ordered in March, 1915, as part of the War Emergency Programme of ship construction. It was laid down at the William Gray shipyard at Hartlepool in March 1915, launched on 28 April 1915, and completed in June 1915.
World War 1.
"M15" was towed to Malta in July, 1915, where it received her main armament. it then proceeded to Mudros, and later was involved in the defence of the Suez Canal.
After bombarding Gaza as part of the Third Battle of Gaza, on November 11, 1917, "M15" and a destroyer HMS "Staunch" were torpedoed by . 26 men lost their lives in the sinking of "M15".

</doc>
<doc id="31099093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099093" title="Then and Now (Livin Out Loud album)">
Then and Now (Livin Out Loud album)


</doc>
<doc id="31099114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099114" title="Theodor Thomsen">
Theodor Thomsen

Theodor Thomsen (20 March 1904 – 14 May 1982) was a German sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Dragon Class" with Erich Natusch and Georg Nowka at the 1952 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31099118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099118" title="Naples–Aversa railway">
Naples–Aversa railway

The Napoli–Aversa railway (also known as "Rainbow line", as each station is identified by a different colour, or "Alifana bassa") is a commuter railway line that connects Naples with its northern suburbs.
Route.
The line connects Naples (Piscinola station) to the town of Aversa. Only Piscinola station (shared with line 1) is within the municipality of Naples.
Management.
The line is managed by Ente Autonomo Volturno (EAV).
History.
The first section of the line, between Piscinola and Mugnano, was opened in 2005.
In 2009 the line was extended from Mugnano to Aversa Centro, with two intermediate stops in Giugliano and Aversa Ippodromo.
Service.
Trains usually travel every 15 minutes, and every 10 minutes during peak hours.

</doc>
<doc id="31099127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099127" title="Stralsund Hauptbahnhof">
Stralsund Hauptbahnhof

Stralsund Hauptbahnhof is the main station in Western Pomerania and the main station for railway lines running to Hamburg, Bergen auf Rügen and Berlin in the German Hanseatic city of Stralsund. It is owned and operated by Deutsche Bahn.
Station.
Construction of the present-day station near the centre of the city started on 9 November 1903 and it was inaugurated on 28 March 1905.
Its predecessor was a wooden building constructed in 1863 in the suburb of "Tribseer Vorstadt". The construction of this station and the railway to Stralsund had been promoted by the merchants and entrepreneurs of Stralsund since 1844. They joined together in the same year as the "Society for the attainment of a railway from Berlin via Neu-Strelitz to Stralsund" () and set out its proposals in a memorandum. They also put this matter before the competent authorities in Berlin. The association developed a concept for the construction of the line and accumulated large financial resources. These efforts, however, always failed at the Prussian Ministry in Berlin and the proposals were refused in the 1840s and 1850s. Finally in 1863 a branch line from Angermünde was built from the Berlin–Stettin line (which had opened in 1843) via Prenzlau, Pasewalk, Anklam and Greifswald to Stralsund. On 26 October 1863 the line reached Stralsund. Due to the nature of Stralsund as a fortress, the station building was built only of wood at the instigation of the Prussian war ministry. In the event of an attack on the city, the building could be destroyed quickly. The building measured about 30 × 10 metres and had two waiting rooms. The platforms were not covered, and passengers had to walk along the tracks to reach the platforms.
Despite its initial success in having the branch from Angermünde built, the Stralsund Society continued to campaign for a direct connection, known as the "Northern Railway". In 1869 a plan was prepared for the laying of a railway line from Berlin to Neustrelitz, Stralsund and Cape Arkona, including a fixed crossing of the Strelasund, which was not realized until 1936. The opening of the Prussian Northern Railway to its terminus at Stralsund was finally celebrated on 1 January 1878, with the arrival of the first train from Berlin.
After the demilitarisation of Stralsund, the call for a new, more modern and higher capacity station became louder. The new station was built of brick and opened to traffic on 29 March 1905. The design for the station building was prepared by the Royal Railway Directorate in Stettin (now Szczecin). The processing of the detailed architectural design and construction management was supervised by Alexander Rüdell, with its implementation handled by Hans Stubbe, who was later a professor at the Braunschweig University of Technology.
A tower next to the hall, which houses a staircase, represents the architecture of the three parishes of greater Stralsund. The entrance hall is 22.12 metres long, 9.90 metres wide and almost 15 metres high. Above the entrance and access to the platforms are large glass facades. Station services were located in the western area of the hall. Three waiting rooms were built in the eastern area: one for ladies only, one for 1st and 2nd class passengers and one for 3rd and 4th class passengers. Access to the six platforms became somewhat easier, although travellers who wished to use the line to Rostock opened in 1888 had to continue to cross the tracks. Only later was a tunnel built. The three platform tracks for trains to and from Rostock are through tracks. The other three platforms (1 - 3) were built as terminal tracks.
The station building was built on the area of a former cattle loading ramp on Tribseer Damm (street). Originally there was an area for the operation of carriages to pick up passengers to depart from the station. Later a tramway and a light railway were opened. Today there is short-term parking and a taxi rank in this area.
On the evening of 28 March 1905 a festival was held to dedicate the new station. This lasted until the early morning hours, with the departure of train No. 206 to Neubrandenburg.
In the 1930s, the Stralsund artist Erich Kliefert received a commission to design the lobby. He placed a large colour display of Stralsund from the air on the western side at the top of the hall and on the eastern side there is a similar representation of the island of Rügen.
In the 1990s the building was refurbished and the area in front of the platforms was covered with a large glass structure. The sanitary facilities were renovated and shops were established in the station.
Train services.
The station is served by the following services:

</doc>
<doc id="31099129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099129" title="Erich Natusch">
Erich Natusch

Erich Natusch (23 February 1912 - 11 March 1999) was a German sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Dragon Class" with Theodor Thomsen and Georg Nowka at the 1952 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31099131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099131" title="Nickelodeon (Philippines)">
Nickelodeon (Philippines)

Nickelodeon Philippines (usually abbreviated as "Nick" but more commonly stated as "Nickelodeon" in commercials) is a satellite and cable TV channel that launched a dedicated channel to the country in April 1, 2011. Aimed for children and teenagers and owned by MTV Networks Asia Pacific in partnership with All Youth Channels. 
In October 11, 2006, Viacom's subsidiary MTV Networks Asia Pacific set up a new unit to manage Nickelodeon's southeast Asia operations. In April 1, 2011, MTV Networks launched a dedicated Filipino Nickelodeon channel.
History.
1998–2011: As part of Nickelodeon Southeast Asia.
In November 1998, Nickelodeon decided to reach the popular channel to the Philippines, Japan & Russia as an attempt to bring the popular channel to Asia. One of their shorts were Right Here, Right Now (based on the 1993 Nick USA shorts) and their ID's were by FRONT. In 2003, it became a part of Nicksplat (Nickelodeon's headquarters in Asia).
In October 11, 2006, Viacom's subsidiary MTV Networks Asia Pacific set up a new unit to manage Nickelodeon South East Asia TV based in Singapore. Nickelodeon was launched in Singapore and expanded its services in Southeast Asia, South Asia, and Polynesia. Nickelodeon Philippines, Nickelodeon Pakistan, and Nickelodeon India started working independently. They started their new website, Nicksplat.com in 2003. 
In March 15, 2010, Nickelodeon revamped their logo same as the United States and worldwide and started broadcasting newer Nickelodeon shows from the United States that represents the new Nickelodeon logo and airs latest episodes of current Nick shows.
2011–present: Nickelodeon Philippines.
In April 1, 2011, the Nickelodeon Asia feed was replaced with a dedicated Filipino Nickelodeon channel, although it will still use the Nick-Asia branding used in other countries. In April 11, 2011, the lineup was changed prior to Nickelodeon Southeast Asia. The new schedule will put live-action programs in the primetime slot and will double the Nick Jr. block.
Nickelodeon celebrated the release of the new channel in April 9, 2011 on the Bonifacio Global City, Open Field, Taguig City with the event entitled, "Nick World". The event included mascots of notable Nicktoons characters with storytelling, an animals show, martial arts performances and a world of exciting attractions, booths, and modules for kids.
Starting on May 23, 2011, the lineup of Nickelodeon will once again change where they will cease airing the Nick Jr. block in the afternoon timeslot and will be replaced by live-action shows and miscellaneous NickToons programs. This lineup will double the TeenNick block which only runs in the evening and other animated shows that only airs once a day.
In 2012, Nickelodeon uses new graphics used in the US and UK, however it only applies to selected programs' promos and station IDs. The former Nick-Asia graphics is still used.
Dedicated Channel.
With the dedicated feed, the channel will now cater specifically to Free TV viewers via scheduling, market-specific advertising and promotions specifically tailored for two- to 14-year-old audiences in the Philippines. Local advertisers and cable operators will now have enhanced opportunities to work with Nickelodeon on customized marketing solutions including sponsorships of long and short-form programming and tailored advertising opportunities including events, promotions and multi-platform marketing solutions.
The dedicated feed targeting kids aged two to 14 and families will feature 24 hours of Nickelodeon’s favorite original animation titles including the top Nickelodeon programs in the Philippines for kids age two to six years old such as "Dora the Explorer", "Go, Diego, Go!", "The Backyardigans", "Team Umizoomi", "Ni Hao, Kai-Lan" and evergreen hits, "SpongeBob SquarePants", "The Penguins of Madagascar", "The Fairly OddParents" and more. The program lineup also includes Nickelodeon’s latest live-action sensation, "Big Time Rush", as well as hits such as "iCarly", "Victorious" and the highly anticipated new series, "House of Anubis". 
At launch, Nickelodeon Philippines will reach over 1.6 million cable TV households. In 2010, Nickelodeon had its highest ratings in two years for CA 2-6, and also saw the highest increase in average time spent among all kids channels. 
Nickelodeon has a strong history and brand awareness in the Philippines. Nickelodeon Asia has been available on cable television since 1998, and two Tagalog programming blocks are broadcast to over 26.8 million homes via sister terrestrial networks ABS-CBN and ABS-CBN Sports+Action. Nickelodeon also has a strong presence in the market via consumer products, online, recreation, books, and feature films businesses. 
Nickelodeon Philippines Kids Choice Awards.
The Philippines Kids Choice Awards is the second setting of the Kids Choice Awards in Asia preceded by Indonesia. The show was first held since 2008 in the Aliw Theater, Pasay City and was first hosted by Michael V. and some various Filipino artists. Nickelodeon, an American cable television network, brought Kids' Choice Awards to the Philippines in an effort to strengthen its presence in Asia. According to Amit Jain, executive Vice-President and managing director of MTV Networks India, China and Southeast Asia, "This is a milestone for Nickelodeon's business in Southeast Asia as it will deliver on Nick's commitment
of providing global kids-centric shows and properties which are adapted to reflect local tastes and aspirations." The Philippines KCA has been inactive all over the years.
Nickelodeon on Free TV.
Prior to the launch of Nickelodeon Philippines in Fall 1998, Nickelodeon first aired in the Philippines as a block of the free-to-air TV channel "PTV". The block used to air in morning and afternoon mostly educational, drama and game shows during that time. It aired in such channel until 1992.
Nickelodeon moved to RPN (now known as Solar News Channel) in 1992, where it aired as "Nick on RPN" until 1995 and returned on 2003-2004 (that year mostly air cartoons). Concurrently, GMA Network also aired "Rugrats" and selected Nick Jr. shows from 1997 to 2006.
After RPN lost its rights of airing Nickelodeon shows, ABC (later TV5) launched "Nick on ABC/TV5" in 2006. Nickelodeon shows were later dubbed for the first time into Filipino on August 11, 2008, three days after ABC was relaunched into TV5, making them the first Nick broadcaster on free TV to do so. The network ended its contract with Nickelodeon on June 30, 2010. "Yo Gabba Gabba!", also a Nickelodeon production, was the only Nick program retained by TV5 after losing its rights to ABS-CBN. Although produced by Nickelodeon, it is not dubbed into Filipino as the contract was already expired. 
"SpongeBob SquarePants" was also aired on Q Channel 11 (now known as GMA News TV) weekday mornings until February 18, 2011.
ABS-CBN launched "Nick Time" (later Nickelodeon on ABS-CBN) on July 26, 2010 at 8:30 AM under their "Team Animazing" timeblock. Nickelodeon shows such as "Dora the Explorer", "SpongeBob SquarePants", "The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron", and ' among others shown during Nick Time, thus continuing the Filipino dub that was started by TV5. However, ABS-CBN's airing of SpongeBob SquarePants was criticized for having majority of episodes edited due to lack of time. "Dora the Explorer" ended last June 2011 while "The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron", ' and "SpongeBob SquarePants" ended last October 8, 2011 and replaced by "Go, Diego, Go!", "The Penguins of Madagascar" and "" on October 15, 2011. After a week, "SpongeBob SquarePants" goes back to air.
Studio 23 (now known as ABS-CBN Sports+Action), ABS-CBN's UHF affiliate, launched "Nickelodeon on Studio 23" on October 4, 2010. Like its mother station ABS-CBN, programs are dubbed in Tagalog. As of now, there are no plans to air the "The Fairly OddParents" (currently the second longest active Nicktoon after "SpongeBob SquarePants") as well as "iCarly" on either network, despite its popularity. Studio 23 launched "Catscratch" that premiered last August 2011. The Nickelodeon on Studio 23 block temporarily ended last October 2011 and returned last January 2012. 
After 4 years, Nickelodeon on Studio 23 ended airing its block on January 16, 2014 to pave way for the airing of ABS-CBN Sports+Action. Nickelodeon on ABS-CBN Sports+Action was launched last January 20, 2014 and all of its shows are reverted back to its original English language rather than Filipino-dubbed.
Programming.
Nickelodeon airs new programs and episodes of current Nick shows every 2–7 months after the US broadcast but sometimes takes a year. The program lineup is different from the Nick-Asia feed where live-action programs are aired twice in the afternoon and evening and the Nick Jr. block runs longer. Along with the announcement of the dedicated feed, there were several shows announced to be premiering on Nickelodeon this year such as "Bubble Guppies", "House of Anubis", "The Fresh Beat Band", "" and "T.U.F.F. Puppy". Original Nickelodeon and Nick Jr. titles still remains in the channel.
Programming Blocks.
Programming in Nickelodeon Philippines also in Southeast Asia has often been segmented into blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="31099140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099140" title="William Borlase (died 1665)">
William Borlase (died 1665)

William Borlase (15 October 1620 - October 1665) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1665.
Borlase was the son of Sir William Borlase of Marlow who was MP for Wycombe. He matriculated at Magdalen Hall, Oxford on 30 April 1635, aged 14 and was a student at Inner Temple in 1637. 
In 1659, Borlase was elected Member of Parliament for Great Marlow in the Third Protectorate Parliament. He was re- elected MP for Great Marlow in the Convention Parliament and again in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament. He sat until his death in 1665 at the age of 45. He was buried on 1 November 1665.
Borlase married Joanna Bankes, daughter of Sir John Bankes. They had a son and four daughters. His son John was MP for Marlow in 1679. His daughter Henrietta married firstly Sir Richard Astley, 1st Baronet and secondly in 1690, John Richmond Webb. His daughter Anne married Thomas Wingfield, High Sheriff of Shropshire in 1692 and his daughter Alicia, married John Wallop of Farleigh Wallop and had issue, including John Wallop, 1st Earl of Portsmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="31099149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099149" title="Beer in Colombia">
Beer in Colombia

Beer in Colombia is a sizeable industry ranging from small local micro-brews to large scale productions of popular brands. 
It is estimated that Colombia has more than 15 large national brands (the most popular listed below); but dozens of small/local microbrewery boutique beers are growing beyond regional demand.
List of Colombian beers.
Cervecería Bavaria.
– Source: 
Cerveza Ancla.
– Source: 
BBC Bogota Beer Company.
– Source: 
Cerveza Colón.
– Source: 
Cerveza 3 Cordilleras.
– Source: 
Cerveza San Tomás.
– Source: 
Cerveza Casa Suárez.
– Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="31099181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099181" title="Dius">
Dius

In Greek mythology, the name Dius (Δῖος "divine") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31099191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099191" title="Denys Graham">
Denys Graham

He was educated at New College, Oxford and trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.

</doc>
<doc id="31099202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099202" title="Europa World Year Book">
Europa World Year Book

The Europa World Year Book provides detailed country surveys containing analytical, statistical and directory data available for over 250 countries and territories.
Volume I contains a listing of more than 2,000 international organizations such as the United Nations and its agencies, the European Union, the International Criminal Court and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and provides coverage of countries arranged alphabetically from Afghanistan to Jordan.
Volume II covers countries from Kazakhstan to Zimbabwe.
Each country is covered by an individual chapter containing:
Price (U.S. $ 1,440) makes the buyers mainly institutions and libraries.
Similar regional publications.
All is also available in nine regional surveys:

</doc>
<doc id="31099205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099205" title="List of communes of the Province of Cremona">
List of communes of the Province of Cremona

The following is a list of the 115 "comuni" of the Province of Cremona, Lombardy, in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31099212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099212" title="The Nanny (2003 novel)">
The Nanny (2003 novel)

The Nanny is a 2003 novel by Melissa Nathan. The story revolves around Jo Green, a bright but unfulfilled twenty-three-year-old nanny living in provincial England who takes a job with an upper-class family in London.
Plot summary.
When Jo Green takes a nannying job in London to escape her small-town routine, complicated family and perfect-on-paper boyfriend, Shaun, culture shock doesn't even begin to describe it...
Dickand Vanessa Fitzgerald are the most compatible pair since Tom and Jerry, and their children - strong and determined Cassandra, humorously protective Zak, and sweet and shy Tallulah - are downright mystifying. Whilst also having Jo on a 24/7 scheduelle, chasing them around to their music or ballet lessons. Suddenly village life doesn't sound too bad.
Then, just as Jo's getting the hang of their designer lifestyle, the Fitzgeralds acquire a new lodger and suddenly she's sharing her nanny flat with the distractingly good-looking but inexplicably temperamental Josh. So when Shaun turns up,things get even trickier...

</doc>
<doc id="31099213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099213" title="Georg Nowka">
Georg Nowka

Georg Nowka (born 7 November 1910) was a German sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Dragon Class" with Theodor Thomsen and Erich Natusch at the 1952 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31099224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099224" title="Mäkäräinen">
Mäkäräinen

Mäkäräinen is a surname originating in Finland, derived from the given name Makarios. Although the surname is common in Kainuu, particularly in Puolanka, Ristijärvi and Paltamo, it is relatively rare elsewhere in Finland. All total, 1,060 people, living or dead have had Mäkäräinen as their surname at one point in time.
A variant form of the surname outside of Finland is without diacritics: Makarainen. 
In addition, the word "mäkäräinen" can refer to black flies in some dialects of Finnish. The correct word in the literary language is "mäkärä".
Mäkäräinen may refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="31099255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099255" title="2011 Lebanese protests">
2011 Lebanese protests

The 2011 Lebanese protests were seen as influenced by the Arab Spring. The main protests focused on calls for political reform especially against confessionalism in Lebanon. The protests initiated in early 2011, and dimmed by the end of the year. In another aspect of the Arab Spring, Lebanese pro and anti-Assad factions descended into sectarian violence, which culminated in May-June 2012.
Background.
Political system.
Lebanon is a parliamentary republic within the overall framework of confessionalism, a form of consociationalism in which the highest offices are proportionately reserved for representatives from certain religious communities. The constitution grants the people the right to change their government, however, from the mid-1970s until the parliamentary elections in 1992, a civil war precluded the exercise of political rights. According to the constitution, direct elections must be held for the parliament every 4 years. The last parliamentary election was in 2009, which led to about six months before a new government was formed. The parliament, in turn, elects a president every 6 years to a single term, he is, however, not eligible for re-election. The last presidential election was in 2008. The president and parliament choose the prime minister. Political parties are grouped with either the March 8 alliance or the March 14 alliance. (the Progressive Socialist Party of Walid Jumblatt is ostensibly independent but leans towards March 8 since their withdrawal from the then governing March 14).
Lebanon demographics is roughly split amongst Sunnis, Shias and Christians (most of whom are Maronite). Due to the demographic concerns, amid fears the country could be a powder keg, a census has not been carried out since 1932. Since then the government has only published rough estimates of the population.
2011 new government.
On 12 January 2011, the government collapsed after Energy Minister Gebran Bassil announced that all ten opposition ministers had resigned following months of warnings by Hezbollah that it would not remain inactive should there be indictments against the group by the Special Tribunal for Lebanon in the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri. Preliminary indictments were issued 17 January as expected,) President Michel Suleiman's appointed Minister of State, Adnan Sayyed Hussein, resigned later bringing the total number of ministers who quit to 11 thus causing the fall of the government. The "New York Times" suggested that the resignations came after the collapse of talks between Syria and Saudi Arabia to ease tensions in Lebanon. The resignations stemmed from PM Hariri's refusal to call an emergency cabinet session over discussion for withdrawing cooperation with the STL.
Suleiman, who is constitutionally responsible for the formation of a new government, accepted the resignations saying: "In line with clause one of article 69 in the Lebanese constitution on the circumstances under which the government is considered to have resigned...as the government has lost more than one third of its members...the cabinet requested to act as a caretaker government until the formation of a new government." The March 8 alliance then nominate Najib Mikati to form a government in line with the accepted norms that a prime minister must be a Sunni (even though most Sunnis are supporters of March 14).
On 13 June, a new government was formed.
Protests.
27 February.
On 27 February, hundreds of Lebanese marched along the old demarcation line in the capital Beirut against the country's sectarian political system. A peaceful sit-in in Saida also took place.
6 March.
In follow-up rallies to the 27 February demonstration, around 8,000 people marched from Dora to Beirut in the second round of a campaign to "topple the sectarian regime" and its leading symbols and to call for a secular state. Similar protests took place in Baalbek and Sidon.
13 March.
A rally was organised by the March 14 alliance in which several hundreds of thousands supporters attended in commemoration of the start Cedar Revolution 6 years earlier. The main slogan of the rally was calling for the disarmament of Hezbollah and to renew support for the ideals of the revolution.
20 March.
Thousands of Lebanese took to the streets to protest against the sectarian nature of the governing system. This was the third protest against the sectarian political system.
17 June.
In interfactional clashes in Tripoli, Seven people were killed and 59 were wounded, on Friday, 17 June. Armed clashes erupted in following a rally in support of Syrian protesters. Fighting broke out between gunmen positioned in the rival neighborhoods of Jabal Mohsen (mainly Alawites who support the Syrian regime) and Bab al-Tabbaneh (mainly Sunnis, supporting the Syrian uprising). Among the dead were a Lebanese army soldier and an official from the Alawite Arab Democratic Party.
26 June.
On 26 June, hundreds of people marched towards the parliament in Beirut demanding the end of Lebanon's confessional system.
12 October.
What the local press considered might be the largest general strike in its history had been called for this date. The General Labor Confederation is demanding higher wages, among other things. The cabinet acceded to these demands, and the marches were "suspended. However, the teacher's union refused to accept this, went on strike anyway, and paralyzed the nation's education system
15 December.
5,000 protesters filled the streets of Downtown Beirut as part of a teacher's strike, which is said to be a precursor of a general strike planned for the following week.
Aftermath and spillover from Syria (2011-12).
On 5 and 6 October 2011, the Syrian army briefly invaded (killing one person) before retreating again across the border, causing instability in the Mikati government. “I am not being silent about this, we are dealing with the issue normally,” Mikati said, noting the permeability of the border. 
Further incursions by the Syrian military onto Lebanese territory occurred in December 2011, resulting in more deaths. More Syrian incursions into Lebanon (also to Turkey) followed in March 2012. In addition to the Tripoli clashes in March between Alawites and Sunnis, several border penetrations increased fears of Syrian uprising affecting Lebanon. The clashes greatly escalated in May and June, leaving dozens dead and hundreds wounded.

</doc>
<doc id="31099257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099257" title="The Savage Mind">
The Savage Mind

The Savage Mind () is a 1962 work of structural anthropology by Claude Lévi-Strauss. The English translation appeared in 1966.
Contents.
"The Savage Mind".
Lévi-Strauss makes clear that "la pensée sauvage" refers not to the discrete mind of any particular type of human, but rather to 'untamed' human thought: "In this book it is neither the mind of savages nor that of primitive or archaic humanity, but rather mind in its untamed state as distinct from mind cultivated or domesticated for the purpose of yielding a return." (219)
Savage thought, Lévi-Strauss argues, continually gathers and applies structures wherever they can be used. If scientific thought is represented by the engineer who asks a question and tries to design an optimal or complete solution, savage thought resembles the bricoleur, who constructs things using whatever materials are at hand.
One of Lévi-Strauss's many examples is the relationship between two Australian groups, the Aranda and the Arabanna. The Aranda have a complex system for intermarriages that divides all people into two groups and then four stages within each group. The system specifies where the children will live and how they will marry. The Arabanna use a different system for marriages, but somehow use the Aranda's marriage system for determining the sex and affiliation of reincarnated spirits. The structure has been borrowed and transposed, appropriated because of its ability to generate a certain economy independently of its substrate.
Critique of Totemism.
Lévi-Strauss (continuing the argument in "Totemism", his previous work) criticizes the concept of totemism for arbitrarily prioritizing a particular structural relation. He admits the reality of totemism, in which, within a larger group, smaller groups distinguish themselves through identification with a plant or animal. He denies, however, that totemic societies differ fundamentally from societies that divide people on the basis of caste. Totems, he argues, are just another way to create necessary distinctions within a larger group. These distinctions may have greater or lesser practical significance, but ultimately:
In other words, the operation of identifying with a totem is secondary to the underlying process of re-appropriating structure (for example, observed differences between animals) for the purposes of society.
Significance.
"The Savage Mind" was one of the earliest works of structural anthropology and had a large influence on the field of anthropology.
The book also played a role within the larger currents of structuralism and post-structuralism. The application of bricolage to social structure provided the inspiration for Jacques Derrida's essay "Structure, Sign and Play". The idea that social structures can be transposed and recontextualized also plays a large role in Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari's "Capitalism and Schizophrenia".

</doc>
<doc id="31099268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099268" title="Federico Falco">
Federico Falco

Federico Falco is an Argentinian writer born in 1977. He holds a BA in Communications from Blas Pascal University in Argentina and an MFA in Creative Writing in Spanish from New York University. 
In 2004, he was given the Young Writers Award by the Spanish Cultural Centre of Córdoba, Argentina.
In 2005, he received a grant for improvement from the National Trust for the Arts of Argentina, and in 2009, a scholarship from New York University and Banco Santander Foundation.
In 2010 Federico Falco was selected as one of The Best of Young Spanish Language Novelists by the Granta Magazine.
Bibliography.
Short Stories
Novels
Poetry books
Theatre

</doc>
<doc id="31099283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099283" title="Simple Modular Architecture Research Tool">
Simple Modular Architecture Research Tool

Simple Modular Architecture Research Tool (SMART) is a biological database that is used in the identification and analysis of protein domains within protein sequences. SMART uses profile-hidden Markov models built from multiple sequence alignments to detect protein domains in protein sequences. The most recent release of SMART contains 1,009 domain models. Data from SMART was used in creating the Conserved Domain Database collection and is also distributed as part of the InterPro database. The database is hosted by the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="31099317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099317" title="Tighrinna">
Tighrinna

Tighrinna, also known as Harit il Yhud (The Jewish Quarter), was a Jewish village located in the Gharyan District of northern Libya. Several hundred metres separated it from Menzel Tighrinna, where the Muslim population lived. In 1943 there were 343 Jews living in the village, which had two synagogues and Jewish cemetery. The population lived in underground caves. In 1943, the British occupied the region. Soon after, events in Palestine sparked rioting by local Muslims who looted and burnt of Jewish homes. This led to the depopulation of the village, with refugees fleeing to Israel between 1948-51.

</doc>
<doc id="31099322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099322" title="Jeffrey Gilbert (judge)">
Jeffrey Gilbert (judge)

Sir Jeffrey Gilbert (1674–1726) was an English judge and author who was Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer in both Ireland and England and later became renowned for his legal treatises, none of which were published in his lifetime.
Family and early career.
He was born at Goudhurst in Kent, son of William Gilbert, a farmer; his mother Elizabeth Gibbon is said to have been a cousin of the great historian Edward Gibbon. He was called to the Bar in 1698 and earned some fame as a law reporter. He was an outstanding scholar, his interests including theology and mathematics as well as law: shortly before his death he became a Fellow of the Royal Society. He enjoyed the patronage of William Cowper, 1st Earl Cowper, and soon after Cowper's reappointment as Lord Chancellor in 1714 was sent to Ireland as a judge of the Court of King's Bench.
Irish career.
Soon after his arrival the Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer, Joseph Deane, died suddenly. It appears that no Irish-born judge was prepared to take on this onerous appointment which would involve clearing a large backlog of cases in the Court of Exchequer (Ireland) and reforming practices described as creating "confusion and disorder almost beyond remedy". Accordingly Gilbert received the promotion. His early years in Ireland were happy: he received an honorary degree from the University of Dublin and was hailed in ballads as the "darling of the nation".
"Sherlock v Annesley".
Gilbert's contentment was destroyed when the case of "Sherlock v Annesley", first heard in the Exchequer in 1709, was referred back. This dispute over the ownership of lands in Naas was notable only for the determination of both parties (who were cousins) to win it. In pursuit of this aim they opened the senitive issue of whether the Irish House of Lords or the British was the final court of appeal in Ireland.The Exchequer had found in favour of Maurice Annesley and ordered that he be put in possession of the lands. After a long delay Hester Sherlock's appeal was heard by the Irish peers who reversed the Exchequer and made a decree in her favour. Annesley then appealed to the British House of Lords which restored the original Exchequer order and apparently questioned the right of the Irish House to hear the appeal at all. The Exchequer ordered the High Sheriff of Kildare to put Annesley in possession and when he refused censured him. A similar order was served on Mrs. Sherlock; she again appealed to the Irish House which summoned the Barons of the Exchequer to explain their conduct. Asked what orders he had received from London Gilbert unwisely relied on the privilege against self-incrimination. The Lords were infuriated and although Lord Midleton, the Lord Chancellor, urged moderation, the Lords voted by a large majority to commit the Barons to the custody of Black Rod; as a further insult they were ordered to pay for their upkeep.
Aftermath.
After three months detention Gilbert emerged from custody to find that from " the darling of the nation" he had become "the most infamous of men". The British House of Lords responded to the imprisonment of the Barons by passing the Dependency of Ireland on Great Britain Act 1719 ( the notorious "Act of the Sixth of George I") which took away the right of appeal to the Irish House and declared the right of the British Parliament to make laws for Ireland. Embittered by the loss of their powers, the Lords blamed Gilbert rather than their own provocative behaviour: he was venomously attacked by the influential Archbishop of Dublin, William King, and subjected to a campaign of petty persecution (on assize he found it impossible to find proper lodgings).
English career.
Though now friendless in Ireland, Gilbert still had influence in London. It appears he was offered the office of Lord Chancellor of Ireland, but understandably preferred to return to England. He became a Baron of the Exchequer in 1722 and a Commissioner of the Great Seal in 1725. The same year he became Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer and was knighted. However he soon became seriously ill, died at Bath in October 1726 and was buried in Bath Abbey. He is not known to have married. He had been elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society in May 1726.
The treatises.
Though renowned as a legal scholar Gilbert published very little in his lifetime. After his death however a large collection of manuscripts was found covering almost the whole of English law and practice. Over the coming decades most of them were published, but in a rather haphazard way. This gave rise to curious stories; in a leading copyright case in 1774, Gilbert's successor as Chief Baron, Sidney Smythe, said that many lawyers recalled that Gilbert left the works to a colleague who employed a journalist to copy them, but that the copyist stole them and sold them to a publisher. While this seems unlikely, it is clear that the standard of the early editions was poor: most were full of mistakes, so that in later editions readers were assured that the editors had corrected them. On the other hand it is generally agreed that the quality of the writing itself is remarkable: Francis Elrington Ball called Gilbert probably the most eminent author who ever sat on the Irish Bench.
The law of evidence.
The best known and most influential of the treatises is his "Law of Evidence"; first published in 1754, it went through six further much expanded editions and remained the leading work on evidence for half a century. William Blackstone was warm in his praise, calling it a book which it was impossible to abridge without destroying its beauty. Its influence declined after Jeremy Bentham singled it out for attack in his own "Treatise on Evidence" (1825), but it is still regarded as a landmark in the development of evidence as a branch of the law in its own right.
Central to the work is the best evidence rule: despite a few earlier references Gilbert can fairly be said to have invented it. He argued that "a man must have the utmost evidence the nature of the fact is capable of.. there can be no demonstration of the fact without the best evidence that the fact is capable of". He formulated the idea of "weights or hierarchy of evidence": written evidence has more weight than verbal, and an original document has more weight than a copy (the last part of the rule is still good law).
Other works.
Blackstone admired Gilbert's "The History and Practice of Civil Law Actions", praising Gilbert's skill in tracing the origin of many modern rules; other critics however deplored the number of mistakes and questioned whether Gilbert actually intended to publish it. His "Treatise on Tenures" was influential in America as well as England; the US Supreme Court called it "an excellent work" in 1815, and the future President John Adams said he had learned much from it. The "Treatise on Rents" was regarded as authoritative by the Supreme Court of Canada as late as 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="31099339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099339" title="List of national parks of the Gambia">
List of national parks of the Gambia

The Gambia has the following National parks and nature reserves, managed by the Department of Parks and Wildlife Management:

</doc>
<doc id="31099368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099368" title="Vault II">
Vault II

Vault II is a 2003 compilation album from the band Pretty Boy Floyd.

</doc>
<doc id="31099377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099377" title="Mauro Solar Riser">
Mauro Solar Riser

The Mauro Solar Riser is an American biplane ultralight electric aircraft that was the first manned aircraft to fly on solar power. It was also only the second solar-powered aircraft to fly, after the unmanned AstroFlight Sunrise, which had first flown four and a half years earlier.
Design and development.
The president of Ultralight Flying Machines, Larry Mauro, created the Solar Riser by converting a stock UFM Easy Riser hang glider to solar power. Normally foot-launched, the Solar Riser had wheeled landing gear added. Power is supplied by a Bosch electric starter motor of connected to a 30 volt DC Nickel-cadmium battery pack taken from a Hughes 500 helicopter, powering a propeller through a reduction drive made from a timing belt and two pulleys. The battery is charged by a series of photovoltaic solar panels mounted in the top wing that provide 350 Watts of power. The solar cells are not sufficient to provide power in flight and all flights were made by recharging the battery on the ground from the solar cells and then flying using energy stored in the battery. A charge in bright sunshine for an hour and a half yields a flight of 3-5 minutes.
Because the battery power is enough to launch the aircraft for a soaring flight it is theoretically possible to launch on battery power, soar while the batteries are being charged by sunlight and then continue powered flight. The Solar Riser did not employ the most efficient cells available at the time and the upper wing had room for twice the number of cells to be installed. Early plans called for upgrading and increasing the number of cells so that sustained electric flight could be made, using only solar energy and not battery power, but these plans were never completed.
Operational history.
The Solar Riser made the first man-carrying flight on solar power on 29 April 1979 (some sources say 20 April 1979) at Flabob Airport in Riverside, California. The aircraft reached a maximum height of about and flew . A number of other flights of similar height and duration were flown, including demonstration flights at EAA AirVenture Oshkosh before the aircraft was retired to a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31099387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099387" title="Warrior Formation">
Warrior Formation

The Cambrian Warrior Formation is a mapped limestone bedrock unit in Pennsylvania.
Description.
The Warrior Formation is described by Berg and others as gray, thin- to medium-bedded, fossiliferous, cyclic limestone bearing stromatolites, interbedded with shale, siltstone, and sandstone.
Age.
Relative age dating places the Warrior Formation in the middle to late Cambrian.

</doc>
<doc id="31099391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099391" title="California Comprehensive Computer Data Access and Fraud Act">
California Comprehensive Computer Data Access and Fraud Act

The California Comprehensive Computer Data Access and Fraud Act is in §502 of the California Penal Code. 
According to the State Administrative Manual of California, the purposes is as follows:
"The Comprehensive Computer Data Access and Fraud Act (Penal Code Section 502) affords protection to individuals, businesses, and governmental agencies from tampering, interference, damage, and unauthorized access to lawfully created computer data and computer systems. It allows for civil action against any person convicted of violating the criminal provisions for compensatory damages."
Penalties Under the CCCDAFA:
According to the California Comprehensive Computer Data Access and Fraud Act, violations of the law are subject to criminal penalties. For violating some of the more major premises of the Act, the punishment can be up to a $10,000 fine and a 3 year prison term.
Notable cases:

</doc>
<doc id="31099396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099396" title="Plumpton, Northamptonshire">
Plumpton, Northamptonshire

Plumpton is a place in Northamptonshire, England. The Ordnance Survey map shows it as having a church and a manor house. It is within the parish of "St Mary & St Peter Lois Weedon with Weston and Plumpton". 
The 1870-72 "Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales" describes Plumpton as having a population of 42 in 12 houses, and describes the church as "good" and having a "pinnacled tower". The church is now cared for by a charity, the St. John the Baptist, Plumpton, Heritage Trust.
Plumpton was a civil parish until 1935 

</doc>
<doc id="31099422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099422" title="We Have a Pope (film)">
We Have a Pope (film)

We Have a Pope is a 2011 Italian-French comedy-drama film directed by Nanni Moretti. Its original title is Habemus Papam, Latin for "We have a pope", the phrase used upon the announcement of a new pope. The film stars Michel Piccoli as a cardinal who, against his wishes, is elected pope. Moretti co-stars as a psychiatrist who is called in to help the pope overcome his panic. The film premiered in Italy in April 2011 and played in competition at the 64th Cannes Film Festival.
Plot.
On the death of the pope, the conclave meets in Rome. Early ballots end with black smoke, since none of the main candidates reaches the quorum. After several rounds of voting, Cardinal Melville is elected, though he had not previously been considered a frontrunner.
At the moment of the public announcement, with the faithful are gathered in St. Peter's Square and the cardinal proto-deacon ready to announce the name of the new pope, the newly elected pope has a panic attack and fails to appear on the balcony.
The spokesman of the Holy See evades questions from the press and the curiosity of the outside world by reporting that the new pontiff felt the need to sequester himself in prayer and reflection before taking office, and by explaining that he will make his official appearance within a few hours. This does not happen.
In accordance with the laws of the Church, until the pope appears before the people on the balcony, the ceremony of election is not over and no one in the conclave can have contact with the outside world.
The College of Cardinals, deeply concerned by the crisis and the depression from which the new pope seems to be suffering, calls in the psychoanalyst Professor Brezzi. The cardinals react to the psychoanalyst with some suspicion, but still allow him to examine the new pope. Brezzi, in the presence of the cardinals, tries to initiate a psychotherapy session which, however, fails to reveal anything to explain the depression and helplessness that plague the pontiff.
Brezzi reveals that his ex-wife is also a psychoanalyst and the newly elected pope is taken secretly to see her, but escapes his minders and runs away during a walk. Unaware of his absence, the cardinals kill time by playing games, ranging from cards to an international volleyball tournament organized by Brezzi.
Vatican spokesman Marcin Rajski makes everyone believe that the Pope is in his quarters in prayer, and eventually the cardinals find Melville and give him another chance to announce his acceptance. However, when Melville comes out onto the balcony he declines his new position, claiming "I am not the leader you need," and retreats back into St. Peter's.
Themes.
Director Nanni Moretti explained his aim with the film at the press conference following the press screening in Rome: "I wanted to depict a fragile man, Cardinal Melville, who feels inadequate in the face of power and the role he's called to fill ... I think this feeling of inadequacy happens to all cardinals elected Pope, or at least that's what they say."
Production.
"We Have a Pope" was announced in May 2009 as a co-production between Sacher Film, Rai Cinema and the French company Le Pacte. Fandango joined as a co-producer later in the year. The production involved a budget of eight million euro. French actor Michel Piccoli was cast in the leading role after auditioning six scenes in Italian in August 2009. The character's name, Melville, was inspired by the French filmmaker Jean-Pierre Melville. Some of the minor characters were played by members of the production team, whom Moretti found suitable for the roles when working on the set.
Principal photography started 1 February 2010 and was finished by the end of May. Studio constructions at the Cinecittà studios in Rome included replicas of the Sala Regia and the Sistine Chapel. Other scenes were shot in the Palazzo Farnese and Villa Medici, which otherwise house the French embassy and the French Academy in Rome, respectively.
Release.
The film was released in Italy on 15 April 2011 through 01 Distribution in collaboration with Sacher Distribuzione. It was launched on 460 screens. With 1,298,524 euro in revenues during the first weekend, the film entered the Italian box-office chart as number two, behind the American film "Rio" which premiered simultaneously. "We Have a Pope" showed In Competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
Reception.
Deborah Young of "The Hollywood Reporter" called the film "a well-written, surprisingly mainstream comedy" and noted how it was less political than earlier works by Moretti, such as "The Mass Is Ended" and "The Caiman": "Here the storyteller overpowers the moralist in every sense. Not a hint of clerical sex scandals clouds the surreal image of frolicking white-haired Cardinals; the most critical line in the film suggests the Church needs a leader who will bring great change, but even that plays as an offhand remark." Young went on to compliment the production design and cinematography, and called Moretti "one of the most creative filmmakers working in Italy". However, Young wrote, "the finale is a let-down, leaving the feeling of an artist paralyzed by his own perfectionism and his desperate search for originality at all costs."
Reactions from the Roman Catholic community were mixed. Vatican correspondent Salvatore Izzo called for a boycott of the film in the newspaper "Avvenire", owned by the Italian Episcopal Conference. Izzo wrote: "We shouldn't touch the pope – the rock on which Jesus founded his Church." He continued: "Why should we support financially that which offends our religion?" Vatican Radio commented on the film and found it to contain "no irony, no caricature" of the pope. Regarding the prospect of an official condemnation of the film from church authorities, Sandro Magister, an Italian journalist specialising in Vatican issues, said: "If there were to be one, it would only help the producer. He would be very happy with a polemic that is completely without foundation."
Trivia.
The film's central theme revolves around the reluctance of the protagonist to accept the position of the Pope, and the chaos the ensues, as the Conclave only officially ends when the Pope is proclaimed and presents himself to the faithful waiting at Saint Peter's Square. In reality, after a Cardinal reaches the two-thirds majority, the Dean of the College of Cardinals first asks the pope-elect whether he is willing to accept his election as Pope, and is free to decline (although in practice, Cardinals who intend to refuse their election explicitly state this to their colleagues before a two-thirds majority is reached). Also, a Pope-elect immediately enters office once he accepts his election, ending the Conclave, and all ceremonies regarding his installation are purely ceremonial.

</doc>
<doc id="31099432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099432" title="Fanatorget">
Fanatorget

Fanatorget is a shopping mall in Ytrebygda district in Bergen. The center is located in Sandsli / Kokstad area, and has 16 stores, as well as health care and community service and district offices.

</doc>
<doc id="31099448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099448" title="Ağam Ağam">
Ağam Ağam

Ağam Ağam is the debut studio album by Turkish pop, arabesque singer Emrah Ipek. It was released in 1983, when the singer was 12 years old.
Emrah was discovered in a school talent show and signed to the label Raks Müzik. "Ağam Ağam" was the first album he released for this label, and it sold 4 million copies.

</doc>
<doc id="31099450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099450" title="Idio">
Idio

idio Ltd. is an enterprise software company that produces and implements products for brands and publishers, using its cloud-hosted platform, which incorporates modules for large-scale content aggregation and structuring, content analytics (most fundamentally, semantic extraction), multi-channel marketing automation, and customer insight generation. idio has offices in London and Exeter in the UK.
In early 2011, idio acquired thrudigital to expand its engineering team and set up a London office.
History.
idio was founded in 2006, by Edward Barrow and Andrew Davies, at Warwick Business School in the UK, with the aim of building a system to personalize content effectively. After several months, idiomag was launched. This consumer-facing personalized music magazine was a proving ground for the technical and commercial approach of idio. Based on this, idio refocused on a business-to-business proposition, and started licensing the technology to brands and publishers; to aggregate social media content, deliver personalized multi-channel content services, and to monitor user interactions. idio has since refined this proposition and delivers a range of content and customer intelligence solutions.
Offerings.
Platform.
idio has a growing range of modules built on its platform, including the following:
These modules deliver a range of solutions, including the following:
Chrome extensions.
In early 2010, idio launched a range of Google Chrome Extensions on Google's new Chrome Extension Marketplace. This enables users to install Chrome Extensions from many publishers, and get customized alerts when relevant news is posted. The Independent launched one in January 2010, and it now used by over 60,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31099463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099463" title="Theofilos (film)">
Theofilos (film)

Theofilos () is a 1987 Greek drama film directed by Lakis Papastathis on the life of the Greek painter Theofilos Hatzimichail. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31099464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099464" title="Paper chemicals">
Paper chemicals

Paper chemicals are a group of chemicals that are used to influence paper properties.
Pulping chemicals.
For the production of chemical pulp from wood chips, following chemicals can be used:
Caustic soda is added to increase the pH in the pulping process of fibers. The higher pH of the paper fiber solution causes the fibers to smoothen and swell, which is important for the grinding process of the fibers.
Bleaching chemicals.
Sodium dithionite, Chlorine dioxide, Hydrogen peroxide, Ozone
Bleaching additives:
Sizing agent.
Internal sizing of paper, most paper types must have some water-resistance in order to have a specific writing quality and / or printability.
Until 1980 mainly a rosin in combination with alum was used. When the paper industry started using chalk instead of china clay as filler, the paper chemistry had to switch to a neutral process. Today mainly AKD (alkyl ketene dimer) and ASA (alkenyl succinic anhydride) are used.
Wet strength additive.
Wet strength additives ensure that when the paper becomes wet, it retains its strength. This is especially important in a tissue paper. Typical chemicals used are as epichlorohydrin, melamine, urea formaldehyde and polyimines. These substances polymerize in the paper and result in construction of a strengthening network.
Dry strength additive.
Dry strength additives, or dry strengthening agents are chemicals that improve paper strength of normal or not wet condition. Those strength including compression strength, bursting strength, tensile breaking strength, delamination resistance etc. Typical chemicals used are as cationic starch and polyacrylamide (PAM) derivatives. These substances act as binder of fibers, often under aid of aluminum ion in paper sheet.
Cationic starch.
To enhance the paper strength, cationic starch is added to wet pulp in the manufacturing process. Starch has a similar chemical structure as the cellulose fibre of the pulp, and the surface of both the starch and fibre are negatively charged. By adding cationic (positive charged) starch, the fibre can bind with the starch and thus also increase the interconnections between the fibres. The positively-charged portion of the starch is usually formed by quaternary ammonium cations. Quaternary salts that are used include 2.3-epoxy propyl trimethyl ammoniumchloride (EPTAC, also known as or Glytac Quab) and (3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl) trimethyl ammonium chloride (CHPTAC, also known as Quat 188).
Optical brightening agent.
Optical brightener is used to make paper appear more white. Optical brightening agents use fluorescence to absorb invisible radiation from the ultraviolet part of the light spectrum and re-emit the radiation as light in the visible blue range. The optical brightening agent thus generates blue light that is added to the reflected light. The additional blue light offsets the yellowish tinge that would otherwise exist in the reflected light characteristics. It thus increases the brightness of the material (when the illumination includes ultraviolet radiation).
Pigment.
Pigments that absorb in the yellow and red part of the visible spectrum can be added. As the dye absorbs light, the brightness of the paper will decrease, unlike the effect of an optical brightening agent. To increase whiteness, a combination of pigments and optical brightening agent are often used. The most commonly used pigments are blue and violet dyes.
Retention agent.
Retention agent is added to bind fillers to the paper. Fillers, such as calcium carbonate, usually have a weak charged surface. The retention agent is a polymer with high cationic, positively charged groups. An additional feature of a retention means to accelerate the dewatering in the wire section of the paper machine. Polyethyleneimine and polyacrylamide are examples of chemicals used.
Mineral Fillers.
China Clay, Calcium carbonate, Titanium Dioxide, Talc
Coating binders.
Styrene butadiene latex, Styrene acrylic, dextrin, oxidized starch are used in coatings to bind the filler to the paper.
Co-Binders, natural products such as starch and also CMC (Carboxymethyl cellulose), are used along with the synthetic binders, like styrene acrylic or styrene butadiene. Co-binders are used to reduce the cost of the synthetic binder and improve the water retention and rheology of the coating.

</doc>
<doc id="31099471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099471" title="Scolopendra cingulata">
Scolopendra cingulata

Scolopendra cingulata, also known as Megarian banded centipede, and the Mediterranean banded centipede is a species of centipede, and "the most common scolopendromorph species in the Mediterranean area".
Description.
The species has alternating bands of black and yellow-gold. At approximately 10-15 cm, "Scolopendra cingulata" is one of the smallest species in the family Scolopendridae. Its venom is also not as toxic as that of other scolopendrid centipedes.
Distribution.
Widely distributed, this species can be found throughout southern Europe and around the Mediterranean Sea, in such countries as Macedonia, Portugal, Spain, France, Italy and Greece, as well as parts of North Africa.
Habitat.
"Scolopendra cingulata" is a burrowing animal, preferring dark, damp environments such as beneath logs and in leaf litter.
Behaviour.
This species is fast and aggressive.
Diet.
"Scolopendra cingulata" is an opportunistic carnivore. It will attack and consume almost any animal that is not larger than itself. These include insects and small lizards.

</doc>
<doc id="31099476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099476" title="Ron de Moraes">
Ron de Moraes

Ronald 'Ron' de Moraes is a television director and producer. He has worked on numerous commercial, shows and concerts, and received an Emmy Award for co-directing the 2002 Winter Olympics opening ceremony and a Daytime Emmy Award for his work on the 2007 Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade.
Career.
Ron began his career as a boy soprano soloist for the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. After a childhood filled with classical music training as a violinist, pianist and conductor (at the age of fourteen, Ron conducted the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra), he made the transition to television. He began his television career as staff Director/Producer for KGGM Albuquerque, WCPO Cincinnati, WBZ Boston, WNAC Boston, KNBC Los Angeles and the NBC Network. From directing the original Ginsu Knife commercial to the Salt Lake City Winter Olympics Opening Ceremonies, for which he won an Emmy for "Outstanding Directing For A Music/Variety Program", Ron's long career in television as a director has been filled with historical, comical and illustrious credits.
Televison Director.
Ron is perhaps best known for having directed over 5,000 shows of the grounding-breaking entertainment news show Entertainment Tonight for which he was nominated for an Emmy for "Outstanding Individual Achievement, Directing" and the show, twelve times, for "Outstanding Non-Fiction Series, Informational". Though he left "ET" as the director in 1997, he continued as a creative consultant for overall production. Award Shows and Live Events Ron has directed include ABC's Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade for which he won an Emmy for "Outstanding Individual Achievement, Directing"; "Celebrity Apprentice: Live Finales"; "Survivor: The Amazon Finale"; Miss America; Miss USA; Miss Universe; "Screen Actors Guild Awards"; "Academy Awards: Countdown to the Oscars"; "Radio Music Awards"; The Dove Awards; TV Guide Awards; "The Hispanic Heritage Awards"; for which he served as Executive Producer and Director; "Countdown to the Emmys"; "CableACE Awards" and the "Soul Train Music Awards". He also directs many television series include FOX's Million Dollar Money Drop, "Don't Forget The Lyrics!", "The Moment Of Truth" and "Hole In The Wall"; ABC's "Whose Line Is It Anyway?" and "America's Funniest Home Videos"; NBC's "Thank God You're Here!"; and the internationally syndicated "Soul Train" for which he was twice nominated for an Emmy for "Outstanding Special-Class Directing".
Concerts.
His extensive resume include Concert Specials: "Eric Clapton Crossroads Festival" for which he was nominated for a Director's Guild Award for "Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Musical Variety"; "In Performance At The White House: A Celebration of Music From The Civil Rights Movement"; Produced and Directed "Woodstock 99"; "Come Together, John Lennon Tribute"; "One Love, Bob Marley Tribute"; "Fashion Rocks"; "Essence Music Festival" and, after 9/11, "Concert for America". Television Concerts include: Celine Dion, Marc Anthony, The Who, KISS, The Judds, Jewel, Lyle Lovett and the Bay City Rollers. He started working for the first time directing Paris By Night while director Alan Carter is working on NBC's The Voice. He works on several shows like, "Paris By Night 107: Nguyễn Ngọc Ngạn - 20 Năm Sân Khấu", "Paris By Night 109: 30th Anniversary Celebration", and "Paris By Night 110: Phát Lộc Đầu Năm."
Awards.
Daytime Emmy Awards.
Ron de Moraes was nominated twice (in 1996 and 2000) for his work on Soul Train. He was also nominated 6 years for his work on the Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade and consequently won the "Outstanding Special Class Special" Emmy in 2005.
Directors Guild of America.
He was nominated for an "Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Musical/Variety" DGA award in 2005 for directing the episode of "Great Performances" about the Crossroads Guitar Festival.
Emmy Awards.
He was nominated in 1989 for directing Entertainment Tonight, in 2010 for "In Performance at the White House: A Celebration of Music from the Civil Rights Movement" and won the "Outstanding Directing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Program" award for co-directing the opening ceremony of the 2002 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31099484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099484" title="Tony Furjanic">
Tony Furjanic

Tony Furjanic was a professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the Buffalo Bills and Miami Dolphins

</doc>
<doc id="31099489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099489" title="Robin Bengtsson">
Robin Bengtsson

Robin Bengtsson (born 1990 in Svenljunga, Sweden) is a Swedish singer who took part in Swedish Idol 2008 finisheing third behind winner Kevin Borg and runner-up Alice Svensson. In mid-2009, he was signed by Merion Music label releasing the single "Another Lover's Gone". Bengtsson was also a guest of Katrin Zytomierska's programs "Idol 2008: Eftersnack" and ZTV program "Sexuellt".
In 2010, Robin took part in the charity song "Wake Up World" for "Hjälp Haiti" with Karl Martindahl and Daniel "The Moniker" Karlsson and also performed the song "Long Long Night" with Kim Fransson (known from the TV reality program "Made in Sweden". In 2010, Robin Bengtsson participated in the Swedish/Scandinavian version of "Wipeout", reaching the final round and finishing second. He continues to make music signed to Merion.

</doc>
<doc id="31099499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099499" title="Gülom">
Gülom

Gülom is the second studio album by Turkish pop, arabesque singer Emrah Ipek. It was released in 1984 and sold 2 million copies.

</doc>
<doc id="31099521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099521" title="Nilo Pereira">
Nilo Pereira

Nilo de Oliveira Pereira (Ceará-Mirim, December 11, 1909 – Recife, 23 January 1992) was a Brazilian journalist and teacher.
He graduated in law at the Faculty of Law of Recife in 1932, but practiced law only briefly.
Journalist.
He exercised journalism in the following periodicals:
Literary life.
He was a member of the following literary and cultural institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="31099533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099533" title="Yaralı">
Yaralı

Yaralı is the third studio album by Turkish pop, arabesque singer Emrah Ipek. It was released in 1985, when the singer was 15 years old.
Emrah İpek's voice started to change while he was recording this album, and he said that finishing the recording was very challenging. It sold one million copies.

</doc>
<doc id="31099543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099543" title="Paul McNulty (American football)">
Paul McNulty (American football)

Paul McNulty (August 9, 1902 – September 27, 1985) was a professional American football player who played wide receiver for two seasons for the Chicago Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31099545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099545" title="Intraguild predation">
Intraguild predation

Intraguild predation, or IGP, is the killing and eating of potential competitors. This interaction represents a combination of predation and competition, because both species utilize the same prey resources and also benefit from preying upon one another. Intraguild predation is common in nature and can be asymmetrical, in which one species feeds upon the other, or symmetrical, in which both species prey upon each other. Because the dominant intraguild predator gains the dual benefits of feeding and eliminating a potential competitor, IGP interactions can have considerable effects on the structure of ecological communities.
Types.
Intraguild predation can be classified as asymmetrical or symmetrical. In asymmetrical interactions one species consistently preys upon the other, while in symmetrical interactions both species prey equally upon each other. Intraguild predation can also be age structured, in which case the vulnerability of a species to predation is dependent on age and size, so only juveniles or smaller individuals of one of the predators are fed upon by the other. A wide variety of predatory relationships are possible depending on the symmetry of the interaction and the importance of age structure. IGP interactions can range from predators incidentally eating parasites attached to their prey to direct predation between two apex predators.
Ecology of intraguild predation.
Intraguild predation is common in nature and widespread across communities and ecosystems. Intraguild predators must share at least one prey species and usually occupy the same trophic guild, and the degree of IGP depends on factors such as the size, growth, and population density of the predators, as well as the population density and behavior of their shared prey. When creating theoretical models for intraguild predation, the competing species are classified as the "top predator" or the "intermediate predator," (the species more likely to be preyed upon). In theory, intraguild predation is most stable if the top predator benefits strongly from feeding on the intermediate predator, and if the intermediate predator is a better competitor for the shared prey resource.
The ecological effects of intraguild predation include direct effects on the survival and distribution of the competing predators, as well as indirect effects on the abundance and distribution of prey species and other species within the community. Because they are so common, IGP interactions are important in structuring communities. Intraguild predation may actually benefit the shared prey species by lowering overall predation pressure, particularly if the intermediate predator consumes more of the shared prey. Intraguild predation can also dampen the effects of trophic cascades by providing redundancy in predation: if one predator is removed from the ecosystem, the other is still consuming the same prey species. Asymmetrical IGP can be a particularly strong influence on habitat selection. Often, intermediate predators will avoid otherwise optimal habitat because of the presence of the top predator. Behavioral changes in intermediate predator distribution due to increased risk of predation can influence community structure more than direct mortality caused by the top predators.
Examples.
Terrestrial.
Intraguild predation is well documented in terrestrial arthropods such as insects and arachnids. Hemipteran insects and larval lacewings both prey upon aphids, but the competing predators can cause high enough mortality among the lacewings to effectively relieve predation upon the aphids. Several species of centipede are considered to be intraguild predators.
Among the most dramatic examples of intraguild predation are those between large mammalian carnivores. Large canines and felines are the mammal groups most often involved in IGP, with larger species such as lions and gray wolves preying upon smaller species such as foxes and lynx. In North America, coyotes function as intraguild predators of gray foxes and bobcats, and may exert a strong influence over the population and distribution of gray foxes. However, in areas where wolves have been reintroduced, coyotes become an intermediate predator and experience increased mortality and a more restricted range.
Aquatic and marine.
Intraguild predation is also important in aquatic and marine ecosystems. As top predators in most marine environments, sharks show strong IGP interactions, both between species of sharks and with other top predators like toothed whales. In tropical areas where multiple species of sharks may have significantly overlapping diets, the risk of injury or predation can determine the local range and available prey resources for different species. Large pelagic species such as blue and mako sharks are rarely observed feeding in the same areas as great white sharks, and the presence of white sharks will prevent other species from scavenging on whale carcasses. Intraguild predation between sharks and toothed whales usually involves large sharks preying upon dolphins and porpoises while also competing with them for fish prey, but orcas reverse this trend by preying upon large sharks while competing for large fish and seal prey.
Importance to management and conservation.
The presence and intensity of intraguild predation is important to both management and conservation of species. Human influence on communities and ecosystems can affect the balance of these interactions, and the direct and indirect effects of IGP may have economic consequences.
Fisheries managers have only recently begun to understand the importance of intraguild predation on the availability of fish stocks as they attempt to move towards ecosystem-based management. IGP interactions between sharks and seals may prevent seals from feeding in areas where commercially important fish species are abundant, which may indirectly make more of these fish available to fishermen. However, IGP may also negatively influence fisheries. Intraguild predation by spiny dogfish and various skate species on economically important fishes like cod and haddock have been cited as a possible reason for the slow recovery of the groundfish fishery in the western North Atlantic.
Intraguild predation is also an important consideration for restoring ecosystems. Because the presence of top predators can so strongly affect the distribution and abundance of both intermediate predator and prey species, efforts to either restore or control predator populations can have significant and often unintended ecological consequences. In Yellowstone National Park, the reintroduction of wolves caused them to become intraguild predators of coyotes, which had far-reaching effects on both the animal and plant communities in the park. Intraguild predation is an important ecological interaction, and conservation and management measures will need to take it into consideration.

</doc>
<doc id="31099547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099547" title="Sodium aluminium phosphate">
Sodium aluminium phosphate

Sodium aluminium phosphate (SAlP) describes the inorganic compounds with consisting of sodium salts of aluminium phosphates. The most common SAlP has the formula NaH14Al3(PO4)8·4H2O and Na3H15Al2(PO4)8. These materials are prepared by combining alumina, phosphoric acid, and sodium hydroxide.
In addition to the usual hydrate, an anhydrous SAlP is also known, Na3H15Al2(PO4)8
(CAS#10279-59-1), referred to as 8:2:3, reflecting the ratio of phosphate to aluminium to sodium. Additionally an SAlP of ill-defined stoichiometry is used (NaxAly(PO4)z (CAS# 7785-88-8).
The acidic sodium aluminium phosphates are used as acids for baking powders for the chemical leavening of baked goods. Upon heating, SAlP combines with the baking soda to give carbon dioxide. Most of its action occurs at baking temperatures, rather than when the dough or batter is mixed at room temperature. SAlPs are advantageous because they impart a neutral flavor. 
As a food additive it has the E number E541.. Basic sodium aluminium phosphates are also known, e.g., Na15Al3(PO4)8. These species are useful in cheese making.

</doc>
<doc id="31099550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099550" title="Alliance Française de Dhaka">
Alliance Française de Dhaka

Alliance Française de Dhaka or AFD is a nonprofit organization, which has been working in Bangladesh since 1959. Located at Dhanmondi, Dhaka, AFD celebrated its 50th anniversary of operating in Bangladesh in 2010. Sometimes referred as the French Cultural Center, Alliance Française de Dhaka works independently in close liaison with the High Commission of France in Bangladesh.
Location.
Alliance Française de Dhaka is located at 26 Mirpur Road, Dhanmondi, Dhaka, Bangladesh, corner of Dhanmondi Road No. 3. As of 2012, two branches have been established at Gulshan and at Uttara.
Function.
Alliance Française de Dhaka promotes French culture, especially the French language to the local people of Bangladesh and at the same time, promotes the local Bangladeshi culture in France. Local personalities who are enthusiasts and partisans of the French culture, work as an executive committee for this organization.
Courses.
Courses in French as a foreign language conform to the CEFR and Cadre européen commun de référence pour les langues (CECR).
Alliance Française de Dhaka organizes four sessions of courses each spanning for three months per year. There are three age groups: children (9-12), teenagers (13-15) and adults (16+). International exams like DELF, DALF, Test de connaissance du français (TCF), Test d'évaluation du français (TEF), and Diplôme d'Aptitude à l'Enseignement du Français Langue Étrangère (DAEFLE) are offered for all eligible students. Alliance Française de Dhaka has been preparing private courses for Bangladesh military, navy, air force and police personnel as well as corporate and tailor-made courses for diplomats and foreign missions.
Alliance Française de Dhaka has offered workshops on art, interior design, dance, musical instruments, fashion designing, video/cinema and photography.

</doc>
<doc id="31099561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099561" title="Boynu Bükükler">
Boynu Bükükler

Boynu Bükukler is the fourth studio album by Turkish pop, arabesque singer Emrah Ipek.

</doc>
<doc id="31099565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099565" title="Ctesippus">
Ctesippus

In Greek mythology, the name Ctesippus (Κτήσιππος) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31099574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099574" title="Metal aquo complex">
Metal aquo complex

Metal aquo complexes are coordination compounds containing metal ions with only water as a ligand. These complexes are the predominant species in aqueous solutions of many metal salts, such as metal nitrates, sulfates, and perchlorates. They have the general stoichiometry [M(H2O)n]z+. Their behavior underpins many aspects of environmental, biological, and industrial chemistry. This article focuses on complexes where water is the only ligand ("homoleptic aquo complexes"), but of course many complexes are known to consist of a mix of aquo and other ligands.
Stoichiometry and structure.
Most common are the octahedral complexes with the formula and [M(H2O)63+. Some members of this series are listed in the table below. A few aquo complexes exist with coordination numbers lower than six. Palladium(II) and platinum(II), for example, form square planar aquo complexes with the stoichiometry [M(H2O)4]2+. Aquo complexes of the lanthanide trications are eight- and nine-coordinate, reflecting the large size of the metal centres.
Aquo complexes of about one third of the transition metals (Zr, Hf, Nb, Ta, Mo, W, Tc, Re, Os and Au) are either unknown or rarely described. Aquo complexes of M4+ centres would be extraordinarily acidic. For example, is unknown, but [Ti(H2O)63+ is well characterized. This acidification is related to the stoichiometry of the Zr(IV) aquo complex (see zirconyl chloride. Similarly, [V(H2O)65+ is unknown, but its conjugate base, is highly stable. Univalent metal centres such as Cu(I) and Rh(I) rarely form isolable complexes with water. Ag(I) form tetrahedral [Ag(H2O)4+, a rare example of a tetrahedral aquo complex.
Some aquo complexes also contain metal-metal bonds. Two examples are and [Rh2(H2O)104+.
Structure of solid aquo complexes.
Many transition metal salts are aquo complexes, not only in solution but also as solids. A wide range of stoichiometries are known. Many complexes also crystallize with water of hydration, wherein some of the water is not an aquo ligand, but stabilizes the structure by noncovalent interactions.
Reactions.
Three reactions are most fundamental to the behavior of metal aquo ions: ligand exchange, electron-transfer, and acid-base reactions of the O-H bonds.
Water exchange.
Ligand exchange involve replacement of a water ligand ("coordinated water") with water in solution ("bulk water"). Often the process is represented using labeled water H2O*:
In the absence of isotopic labeling, the reaction is degenerate, meaning that the free energy change is zero.
Rates vary over many orders of magnitude. The main factor affecting rates is charge: highly charged metal aquo cations exchange their water more slowly than singly charged species. Thus, the exchange rates for and [Al(H2O)63+ differ by a factor of 109. Electron configuration is also a major factor, illustrated by the fact that the rates of water exchange for and [Ir(H2O)63+ differ by a factor of 109 also. Water exchange usually follows a dissociative substitution pathway, so the rate constants indicate first order reactions.
Electron exchange.
This reaction usually applies to the interconversion of di- and trivalent metal ions, which involves the exchange of only one electron. The process is called self-exchange, meaning that the ion "appears" to exchange electrons with itself. The standard electrode potential for the equilibrium
shows the increasing stability of the lower oxidation state as atomic number increases. The very large value for the manganese couple is a consequence of the fact that octahedral manganese(II) has zero crystal field stabilization energy (CFSE) but manganese(III) has 3 units of CFSE. 
Using labels to keep track of the metals, the self-exchange process is written as:
The rates of electron exchange vary widely, the variations being attributable to differing reorganization energies: when the 2+ and 3+ ions differ widely in structure, the rates tend to be slow. The electron transfer reaction proceeds via an outer sphere electron transfer. Most often large reorganizational energies are associated with changes in the population of the eg level, at least for octahedral complexes
Acid-base reactions.
Solutions of metal aquo complexes are acidic owing to the ionization of protons from the water ligands. In dilute solution chromium(III) aquo complex has a pKa of about 4.3:
Thus, the aquo ion is a weak acid, of comparable strength to acetic acid (pKa of about 4.8). This is typical of the trivalent ions. The influence of the electronic configuration on acidity is shown by the fact that (pKa = 2.7) is more acidic than [Rh(H2O)63+ (pKa =4), despite the fact that Rh(III) is expected to be more electronegative. This effect is related to the stabilization of the pi-donor hydroxide ligand by the (t2g)5 Ru(III) centre.
In more concentrated solutions, some metal hydroxo complexes undergo condensation reactions, known as olation, to form polymeric species. Many minerals, form via olation. Aquo ions of divalent metal ions are less acidic than those of trivalent cations.
The hydrolyzed species often exhibit very different properties from the precursor hexa-aquo complex. For example, water exchange in is some 20000 times faster than in [Al(H2O)63+.

</doc>
<doc id="31099591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099591" title="Wohin?">
Wohin?

Wohin? is a 1988 German drama film directed by Herbert Achternbusch. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31099618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099618" title="Bill Leak (sportsman)">
Bill Leak (sportsman)

Brian Hedley "Bill" Leak (5 May 1917 – 12 January 2007) was an Australian sportsman who represented South Australia in both
Australian rules football and cricket. 
Leak, who was born in Adelaide and educated at Scotch College, lost some of his best sporting years to the war. In the 1930s and early 1940s, Leak represented the South Australian cricket team in eight first-class matches and played for Sturt at district level. He played as a batsman and was an outstanding fielder, winning the Talbot Smith Medal in 1939/40.
He was also a leading player for the Sturt Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL). He played his football as a centreman and was a member of Sturt's 1940 SANFL premiership winning team. An interstate representative, Leak returned to the club after the war in 1946 and was appointed captain. It was the same year that he joined Prince Alfred College, where he was involved in sports coaching.
As a state cricketer, Leak had the distinction of playing his earliest matches under the captaincy of Don Bradman. He only made South Australia's Sheffield Shield eleven on two occasions, returning a top score of 31. In fact, it wasn't until his sixth first-class match that he made a half-century, breaking the drought with an innings of 79 in a high scoring encounter with New South Wales. Leak, who was stumped four times in his short career, batted anywhere from four to seven in the batting order for South Australia.
During the war, Leak served with the Royal Australian Navy, and was stationed at the naval base in South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31099632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099632" title="Roberto Nobile">
Roberto Nobile

Roberto Nobile (born 11 November 1947) is an Italian actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31099633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099633" title="Jim Denomie">
Jim Denomie

Jim Denomie (born 1955) is an Ojibwe painter. He is known for his colorful, at times comical, looks at United States history and Native Americans.
Background.
Early life.
A member of the Lac Courte Oreilles Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians, Denomie lived on reservation until the age of four when his family moved to Chicago, Illinois due to forced government relocation programs taking place within Native communities in the 1960s. This program, started by Dillon S. Myer, head of Bureau of Indian Affairs, hoped to assimilate American Indians into mainstream America by providing job and housing opportunities in major cities for selected families and individuals.
The stress of the relocation is credited as a contributing factor to the divorce of Denomie's parents, and he went to live with his mother, at the age of five, in Minneapolis. In the summers and winters he visited his grandparents on the reservation.
A young adult.
As a youth Denomie struggled in school with the pressures to conform and fit in. Seeking support from family members on how to deal with racism, stereotypes and peer-pressure rarely helped, as many of his relatives and friends dealt with their own conflicts in regards to assimilation into American culture. As a teenager he started to abuse alcohol, which he stopped drinking in 1990.
Higher education.
That year he began to attend the University of Minnesota, pursuing a degree in health science. Eventually he became involved with the American Indian student organization on campus, meeting other Indian students and engaging in Native art, culture, politics, language and other subjects he was not exposed to in his public school education. Denomie also became a teaching assistant in the American Indian studies department. Switching majors, in 1995 he received his Bachelor of Fine Arts from Minnesota. In his art classes he was exposed to Western art history and movements, and he began to form his own style and techniques.
Current life.
A husband, father, and grandfather, Denomie lives and works in Shafer, Minnesota. Aside from painting, he also works in photography, collage and other mixed media explorations. He's also an avid golfer. He is represented by Bockley Gallery.
Artistic career.
"He holds his mirror up to Indigenous people as surely as he does to Americans and American culture. Denomie's art addresses everyone with equal rigor and has important lessons for all viewers." - Gail Tremblay
Creation process.
Starting with a theme, he then starts an initial sketch which serves as a rough draft, refining it until it is ready to be executed into a painting. With paintings ripe with color and heavy texture, he at times mixes his paints directly on the canvas when working quickly. His large scale works always receive a ground layer of paint which assists in forming a general composition. He describes his process as a "chess game", derived from the many decisions he must make when placing, layering and constructing his detailed works.
When asked when he decided a painting was completed, Denomie stated:
"...a painting is done when the artist dies. Previously, I felt that a painting was done when I have taken it as far as I could, at that point in time, and signed it. Now, if the painting is still in my possession and I am not impressed with it, I may rework it. A painting is like a motion picture, always evolving. We hit pause when it looks good to us and then we sign it. But we may come back to it sometime later and look at it again with a perspective enhanced by experience and development and say, “this painting needs more work.”"
His preferred creation time is in the evening, listening to music by the likes of Bob Dylan, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Dire Straits, among others. Denomie credits his primary instructors at the University of Minnesota as major influences on his painting, as well as his family, dreams, memories, and his own life experiences.
Metaphorical surrealism.
Denomie describes his narrative painting style as "metaphorical surrealism". His paintings frequently examine historical and contemporary events in American and Native American history, as well as aspects of pop-culture, art history and Anglo-Indian relations.
Works such as "Attack on Fort Snelling Bar and Grill" (2007) are a comical examination of 19th century American events and contemporary culture. Inspired by his wife's participation in the 1862 Commemorative March, which took place in March 2006 to honor Dakota women and children forced to walk 150 miles from the Lower Sioux Agency to Fort Snelling due to the refusal by Indian agent Thomas J. Galbraith to release foodstuffs to the community. Andrew Myrick, a storekeeper from the agency, stated that if the Indians were hungry "let them eat grass or their own dung." Myrick was killed on the second day at the Battle of Lower Sioux Agency and when his body was found he had a mouth stuffed full of grass. Many of these events are shown in the painting: Myrick running away from an Indian on a lawnmower with grass in his mouth, Edward Hopper's "Nighthawks" inspires the "Bar & Grill", a World Wrestling Entertainment flag flies high as a tribute to Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura, Edward S. Curtis photographs an Indian couple in their own version of "American Gothic", a nude Indian woman riding an appaloosa, and other numerous events and individuals representing Indian Country yesterday and today.
Edward S. Curtis makes a number of appearances as a voyeur in Denomie's artworks. In "Edward Curtis, Paparazzi: Skinny Dip" Denomie mocks Édouard Manet's "Le déjeuner sur l'herbe". A group of four Indians, one in a lake, while the others reclining in a grassy area, relax after a day of skinny dipping and Edward Curtis is shown in the corner, with his camera, prepared to take pictures.
"Peking Duck" (2008) parodies the Bering Strait theory by showing an Indian riding in a rickshaw carrying Chinese takeout in his hand. Above the taxi is a Denomie's own version of The Creation of Adam, depicting White Buffalo Calf Woman giving a drum to the Lakota people.
Portraits.
In 2005 Denomie decided to create a portrait a day for one year as a way to make painting more of a priority in his life. His busy life wasn't allowing him to work in the studio as often as he liked, and upon returning to the studio after a week of not working he felt like a foreigner. This has led to a collection of hundreds of portraits, primarily small scale works (5x7 inches, 6x8 inches) of American Indians that Denomie describes as "Rugged Indians". The portraits are generally head and shoulder portraits, with the individual faced forward, taking between 15–30 minutes to complete. The concept, similar to Chris Ofili's "Afro Muses" series, allowed for Denomie to get his "head into the oven" of art creation. Succeeding at this project, Denomie is currently not painting a portrait a day.
The "Afflicted Warriors" is a series of portraits depicting male Indian warriors with long hair, a headband a single feather from their head, while some are not adorned. The "Wounded Knee" series is reminiscent of Picasso's Blue Period, a series of male and female portraits painted in blues, greens and blacks with a touch of white. The portraits are skeletal, representative of the horrors that took place at Wounded Knee. Occasionally they are just general "Rugged Indians" and Denomie will sign, date and perhaps name the portrait after someone it reminds him of.
Wabooz.
Denomie's studio, Wabooz Studio, is named for the Ojibwe word for rabbit. Wabooz is a common image in Denomie's paintings, as an animal that he identifies with, the rabbit is also representative of the Ojibwe trickster figure Nanaboujou. As an alter ego for Denomie, he allows himself to enter the works of art he creates. Wabooz has even made an appearance in Denomie's portraits as "Magic Rabbit", a series of three paintings depicting an alert rabbit wearing a vest with intense almost google-eyes.
Minnesota.
Minnesotan politics, news and Indian Country are often found in Denomie's contemporary history paintings. The intense recount between Al Franken and Norm Coleman is shown in "Split Decision", where Paul Wellstone is the referee standing between the two politicians, dressed like boxers. Denomie's signature cast of characters sit in the audience: Wabooz, an Indian riding a horse, a coyote, a moose, and plenty of unenthusiastic people.
The landscape "Casino Sunrise" is Denomie's own remake of the Seal of Minnesota. Governor Tim Pawlenty is represented by "Pawl Bunyan" (a play on Paul Bunyan) and is shown with his pants around his ankles standing directly behind Babe the Blue Ox. Former governor Jessie Ventura is shown only wearing a thong and a feather boa; he has a cigar in his mouth, a fishing rod set with a grenade in one hand, and a fist of money in the other. No politician of recent Minnesota history escapes the wrath of Denomie's paintbrush; Norm Coleman sits on a toilet and Al Franken counts ballots behind him. Indian Country is represented as well through images of lynched Indians from Fort Snelling, an Indian funeral pyre, a Christian church, a member of the American Indian Movement riding a horse and more. A Minneapolis police car relating to arrests made of three Indian men and without enough room for them all in the car one was placed in the trunk, is also depicted. Of this painting Denomie said, "The Minnesota State seal needed to be updated. It's been a while...This is all history, all of it is history of Minnesota."

</doc>
<doc id="31099637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099637" title="Theresa Gloria Mwale">
Theresa Gloria Mwale

Theresa Gloria Mwale (born 1947) is a nurse who entered politics in Malawi, and was appointed Deputy Minister of Health in 2009.
Theresa Gloria Mwale was born in 1947, and gained an MSc in Nursing Education and Management. 
From 1973 to 1976 she worked as a nurse and manager in hospitals in the Nkhatabay and Chikhwawa districts. 
From 1976 to 1987 she was a teacher at Zomba School of Nursing and Kamuzu College of Nursing. 
Between 1987 and 2008, Mwale was a Health Advisor for Reproductive Women and New-Born Babies for the World Health Organization.
Mwale was elected Member of Parliament for the Mchinji West Constituency on a Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) ticket on 19 May 2009.
She was appointed Deputy Minister of Health in the cabinet that became effective on 15 June 2009.
After the Cabinet reshuffle of 9 August 2010, she was appointed Minister of Gender, Child & Community Development.

</doc>
<doc id="31099641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099641" title="Empress Liu">
Empress Liu

Empress Liu (劉皇后/柳皇后) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31099683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099683" title="KHBZ (FM)">
KHBZ (FM)

KHBZ (102.9 FM, "The Z") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Harrison, Arkansas, USA, the station is currently owned by KHOZ, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="31099688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099688" title="Auden Schendler">
Auden Schendler

Auden Schendler is an American businessman and author of "Getting Green Done". He is the Vice President of Sustainability at Aspen Skiing Company.
Schendler has written extensively about the difficulties of enacting sustainability initiatives in the business world and the ineffectiveness of conventional green business practices in the face of climate change. He has been featured in Men's Journal, Businessweek, Outside, Fast Company Harvard Business Review, "Slate", and Scientific American's Earth 3.0.
He has published numerous essays on climate change, politics, parenting, and the outdoors and speaks regularly about climate change and what constitutes meaningful action. At Aspen Skiing Company Schendler is part of a team that has developed several innovative utility-scale clean energy systems, including a microhydroelectric plant, a solar photovoltaic farm, and a coal mine methane-to-electricity project, the first of its kind west of the Mississippi. 

</doc>
<doc id="31099695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099695" title="Ledshire">
Ledshire

Ledshire was a fictional county in the north of England in two novels by Susan Pleydell, "Summer Term" (1959) and "A Young Man's Fancy" (1962). It was also the name of a county in the Miss Silver novels (1928-61) of Patricia Wentworth.
The county in the Pleydell novels.
The Ledshire of Susan Pleydell was a small, almost entirely agricultural county. Its main (presumably, county) town, on the River Ledd, was Ledenham, the location of a 400-year old boys' public school that was the focus of the novels. Ledenham contained "two or three unexpectedly good hotels and shops", as well as a Regal cinema. A major landmark was Leyburn Castle, seat of the Earls of Leyburn, which served as a sort of "county headquarters", containing, among other things, a library, art gallery and museum. 
The industrial town of Snaydon, just outside the county, some 15 miles from Ledenham, via the village of Thaxley, maintained "steady growth" and caused Ledshire to maintain "a particularly nervous eye". The spearhead of Snaydon's advance was Sir Arthur Hinton-Brigg, chairman of Hinton-Brigg Ltd, who, just after the Second World War, had married into a Ledshire landowning family and bought Thaxley Manor, his wife's childhood home. (The Grampians are close by and Snaydon is described as being "over the border". It is therefore a reasonable conclusion that Ledshire abuts the Scottish borders and that Snaydon is just inside Scotland).
A small county like Ledshire would probably have been affected significantly by the reorganisation of local government in the 1970s. Under the new arrangements some counties, notably Rutland, disappeared, while others, such as Hereford and Worcester, were merged.

</doc>
<doc id="31099697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099697" title="Albemarle-Kenmore Terraces Historic District">
Albemarle-Kenmore Terraces Historic District

The Albemarle-Kenmore Terraces Historic District is a small historic district located in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. It consists of two short cul-de-sacs, Albemerle Terrace and Kenmore Terrace, off of East 21st Street, and the 32 houses on the two streets.
All the houses were designed by the local firm of Slee & Bryson, but differ in style between the two streets. The houses on Albermarle Terrace, built between 1916 and 1917, are Colonial Revival two and one-half- or three-story brick buildings located on courts and raised above street level behind terraces or front gardens. On Kenmore Terrace, three of the houses are also in the Colonial Revival style, one of which was built in 1918 and other two in 1919-20, but the remaining six on the south side of the street show the influence of the Garden city movement, and were designed in the English Arts and Crafts style. These Kenmore cottages were built in 1918-19, and presage the automobile-based look of many suburbs built in the decades to come, as each house has a driveway leading to a private garage.
Also located on Kenmore, but not part of the historic district, is the parsonage of the Flatbush Reformed Dutch Church, a two and one-half-story wood-frame house designed in a vernacular style transitional between the Greek Revival and Italianate styles, which was built in 1853 and moved to its present location in 1918.
The historic district was designated by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1978, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31099708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099708" title="KHOZ (AM)">
KHOZ (AM)

KHOZ (900 AM) is a radio station licensed to Harrison, Arkansas, USA. It carries a nostalgia/MOR format. The station is currently owned by Khoz, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="31099724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099724" title="Jasper Blackall">
Jasper Blackall

Jasper Blackall (born 20 July 1920) is a British sailor. He won a bronze medal in the Sharpie class with Terence Smith at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He went on to form a graphic design company with Peter Cook and Rod Dew (Blackall, Cook and Dew) in 1961. Blackall was an illustrator and designer serving the advertising industry in London.

</doc>
<doc id="31099753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099753" title="Mitchell Block">
Mitchell Block

Mitchell Block (born c. 1950) is an American filmmaker whose 2010 film "Poster Girl" was nominated for Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject) and who Executive Produced the Academy Award winning documentary short film "Big Mama" for HBO in 2000.
Block attended the Hun School of Princeton, graduating in 1968. He earned bachelor's and master's degrees in fine arts from the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University, where he majored in television and film production,and was awarded an MBA from the Columbia Business School.
In 1990, film makers posted a protest to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences arguing that Block, as a member of Documentary Steering Committee that selects films as nominees, had a conflict of interest because his company Direct Cinema owns the rights to three of the five films selected as nominees for best documentary feature, while Michael Moore's "Roger & Me" was omitted. The Academy's Executive Director, Bruce Davis remarked, "Mitch Block said firmly and unequivocally that he thought that "Roger & Me" should be one of the nominees."
Among the films and documentary series that Block has conceived, created and produced are "Carrier" and "Another Day in Paradise", both of which were broadcast on the Public Broadcasting Service and the National Geographic Channel internationally. "Carrier" received an "Emmy Award" for Best Cinematography in a prime time series in 2009. 
In 2008, Block's short film No Lies (1973) was selected for the National Film Registry by the Librarian of Congress. The other films so far selected from films produced in 1973 are: "American Graffiti", "Badlands", "Enter the Dragon", "The Exorcist", "Frank Film", "Mean Streets" and "The Sting". Only a handful of the 550 films on the registry (as of 2011) are short films made by students. 
Since 1978, Block has been an adjunct professor at the School of Cinematic Arts of the University of Southern California most currently teaching in the Peter Stark Producing Program.

</doc>
<doc id="31099756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099756" title="Terence Smith (sailor)">
Terence Smith (sailor)

Terence Smith (born 18 October 1932) is a British sailor. He won a bronze medal in the Sharpie class with Jasper Blackall at the 1956 Summer Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="31099774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099774" title="Iran national futsal team all-time record">
Iran national futsal team all-time record

The list shown below shows the Iran national futsal team all-time international record against opposing nations.
Result by nations.
‡ FIFA considers Czech Republic as the inheritor of the records of Czechoslovakia.
↓ FIFA considers Russia as the inheritor of the records of Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="31099785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099785" title="Bandar Enstek">
Bandar Enstek

Bandar Enstek is a new township in Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia. This township is located near Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA).

</doc>
<doc id="31099787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099787" title="Boerum Hill Historic District">
Boerum Hill Historic District

Boerum Hill Historic District is a national historic district in Boerum Hill, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It consists of 238 contributing residential rowhouses and a few commercial buildings built between 1845 and 1890. Most are three bay, three story brick buildings with projecting stoops in a Greek Revival or Italianate style.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31099796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099796" title="Transylvanian varieties of Romanian">
Transylvanian varieties of Romanian

The Transylvanian varieties of Romanian ("subdialectele / graiurile transilvănene") are a grouping of speech varieties of the Romanian language, specifically of the Daco-Romanian dialect. These varieties cover the historical region of Transylvania, except several large areas along the edges towards the neighboring subdialects.
The Transylvanian varieties are part of the northern grouping of Romanian subdialects, along with the Moldavian and the Banat subdialects.
Among the Transylvanian varieties, the Crișana subdialect is easier to distinguish, followed by the Maramureș subdialect. Less distinct are two other dialectal areas, one in the north-east and another in the center and south.
Classification.
Unlike the other Romanian subdialects — those of Wallachia, Moldavia, and Banat —, the Romanian of Transylvania is broken up into many smaller and less distinct local speech varieties, making its dialectal classification more difficult. Classifications made until the end of the 19th century included a Transylvanian subdialect, but as soon as detailed language facts became available (at the beginning of the 20th century), this view was abandoned. In 1908 Gustav Weigand used phonetic differences and reached the conclusion that the Romanian language in Transylvania was a mosaic of transition varieties. Subsequent researchers agreed with his view.
Emil Petrovici suggested this dialectal fragmentation could be attributed to the fact that Transylvania has been inhabited for longer and had enough time to differentiate and split into small dialectal cells, determined by geography, whereas Moldavia and Wallachia were relatively recently colonized, which led to a remarkable dialectal unity in each of those two regions.
Phonetic features.
As a group, all Transylvanian varieties share a small number of common phonetic features:

</doc>
<doc id="31099817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099817" title="D'Arcy Browning">
D'Arcy Browning

D'Arcy Browning is a Canadian actor born in Edmonton and raised in South Cooking Lake, Alberta most widely known for his portrayal of Jesus Christ in the "Canadian Badlands Passion Play", Drumheller. The CBC filmed the documentary "The Cross and Bones" following Browning and the cast, paleontology experts from the Tyrell Museum and the bikers of the valley for the clash of science and religion every summer for the past dozen years. The film opened Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival for the Toronto based documentary film festival and travelled internationally.
Browning attended the World Championships of Performing Arts in 2009 in Hollywood, California and received 4 Gold Medals, 5 Silver Medals and 6 Bronze Medals for performances in competitions with international participants in the areas of acting, singing and modeling.
World Championships of Performing Arts 2009 results.
He has performed before hundreds of thousands on live stage and more in Television and International Films. He is a member of the Canadian Film Actors Union. He has also performed for the Calgary Opera.

</doc>
<doc id="31099823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099823" title="Souleymane Fall">
Souleymane Fall

Souleymane Fall (born 19 June 1969 in Dakar) is a former Senegalese football defender who is best known for playing for Spartak Trnava. Souleymane currently plays for ŠK Modranka in Slovak fifth league.

</doc>
<doc id="31099832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099832" title="Marzieh Sotoudeh">
Marzieh Sotoudeh

Marzieh Sotoudeh (born 1957 in Tehran) is an Iranian Canadian writer and translator who won Hedayat's literary award in 2004 . She left her country during the early years of the war between Iran and Iraq and settled in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31099835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099835" title="Wim Hora Adema">
Wim Hora Adema

Wim Hora Adema (14 July 1914 – 10 December 1998) was a Dutch author of children's literature and a feminist, notable for being the co-founder of "Opzij", founded in 1972 as a radical feminist monthly magazine. She was one of the best-known women of the Dutch second wave of feminism.
Biography.
Adema began her career as an unpaid worker for the "Algemeen Handelsblad", a liberal Amsterdam newspaper; in 1939, she was appointed editor for the national section. She worked there until 1941, when she resigned as a protest against the anti-Jewish measures taken at the paper. During World War II, she was active in the Dutch resistance, which brought her in contact with the group that published "Het Parool", an illegal resistance paper.
"Parool" and "Voor de vrouw": 1940s to 1950s.
After the war ended, "Het Parool" hired her as editor for national news. After three years, in 1948, Gerrit Jan van Heuven Goedhart, editor-in-chief of "Het Parool", asked her to start editing a page for women and children, called "Voor de vrouw (maar voor haar niet alléén...)" ("for the woman, but not just for her"). which also published reviews of children's books. In that period she shared desks with authors such as Gerard Reve, Henri Knap, and Simon Carmiggelt, and was one of the people in Amsterdam around whom literary life was centered. Contributors of stories and verse to the "legendary" page included Hora Adema herself as well as authors and journalists such as Annie M.G. Schmidt, Jeanne Roos, and Harriët Freezer; for almost twenty years, Fiep Westendorp illustrated the column with black and white drawings that situated the position of woman in society. Adema worked for "Het Parool" for twenty-two years, during which time she helped nurture women authors and illustrators including Schmidt, Westendorp, Freezer, Hella Haasse, and Mies Bouhuys. In 1968 she was fired by editor-in-chief Herman Sandberg, which caused some uproar and even led to the firing of an editor at "Vrij Nederland".
Feminist activism and "Opzij", 1960s and after.
In the 1960s, Hora Adama gained attention writing feminist newspaper columns. With Hedy d'Ancona, Joke Smit, Hora Adema started "Man Vrouw Maatschappij" (often abbreviated as MVM, and translated as "Man Woman Society"), a radical feminist action group considered the first Dutch Second-wave feminism organization and active until it was dissolved in 1988.
With d'Ancona, Hora Adema founded the radical feminist monthly magazine "Opzij" (the title translates as "move over") in 1972, together with politician and sociologist Hedy d'Ancona. "Opzij" is the only publication that has survived from the Dutch second wave of feminism and has a large and loyal readership. In 1972, the magazine printed 1,700 copies per month; by 1992 this had grown to 65,000, having developed itself "from a radical feminist pamphlet to a liberal-feminist opinion magazine with a large dose of human interest." In 1992, d'Ancona and Adema were awarded the Harriët Freezer ring, an award given to contributors to women's emancipation, honoring them for "Opzij" and other contributions. In 2007 printed over 94,000 copies per month, though today it is considered a more mainstream magazine, focusing more on general opinion than on activism.

</doc>
<doc id="31099851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099851" title="Harawa">
Harawa

Harawa ( ""), is a village in the desert in the Sirte District in Libya. As of 2010, it had 2,600 inhabitants. It is 50 kilometres east of the city of Sirte. As part of the Libyan civil war, rebel forces claimed on 1 September 2011 that the village had surrendered and by 3 September rebel forces had occupied Harawa. However, these reports proved false and it wasn't until 17 September that the town fell to the forces of the National Transitional Council.

</doc>
<doc id="31099857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099857" title="Carroll Gardens Historic District">
Carroll Gardens Historic District

Carroll Gardens Historic District is a national historic district in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It consists of 134 contributing residential rowhouses built between the 1860s and 1880s. They are two and three story brownstone buildings in neo-Grec and late Italianate styles. They feature uniform setbacks, even cornice lines and stoop levels, and fenced front yards and landscaped gardens.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31099862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099862" title="Paul Drury">
Paul Drury

Paul Drury (London 14 October 1903 — 19 May 1987) was an artist and printmaker born Albert Paul Dalou Drury, the son of sculptor Alfred Drury.
Early life.
Drury was born in Brockley, south London in 1903. He was educated at Bristol Grammar and Westminster School. In 1921 he entered Goldsmiths School of Art in New Cross, London.
Career as artist.
Drury was influenced by the work of Samuel Palmer, a 19th-century pastoralist, and this is seen in his early etchings in 1922. After study, Drury taught at the leading British Art Schools of the time including the Central School of Art, Heatherley School of Fine Art, and latterly at the school from where he graduated, Goldsmiths.
In 1944 he was commissioned, with other leading artists of the day, to produce a series of prints for Cowan's, a leading artist's printmaker.
After World War II, Drury returned to Goldsmiths and became part of the mid 20th century Goldsmiths School. Drury eventually became Principal of Goldsmiths in 1966 for three years.
Drury produced 92 etchings, almost half of which were portraits and a quarter of which were landscapes. Although the majority of his work was portraiture, he is known for his landscapes including 'September' and 'Nicols Farm'.
He exhibited regularly at the Royal Academy, London, and, amongst others, via the British Council at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston; the National Gallery of Canada; the National Gallery of New Zealand and in the British Pavilion of the 1939 World's fair in New York.
His work is held at the National Portrait Gallery, London, the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston; the National Gallery of Canada, amongst others.
Drury was President of the Royal Society of Painter Printmakers for five years from 1970-75.
Personal life.
At 10 years old, Drury lost the sight in one eye, due to an air-gun pellet, whilst playing with his brother.
He married the painter Enid Solomon in 1937; two years later at the outbreak of war, Drury could not serve due to his damaged sight. Instead of becoming a war artist, he worked at Queen Mary's Hospital, in Roehampton in the plaster workshop.
Paul Drury died on 19 May 1987. The Daily Telegraph obituary praised him as ‘One of the most distinguished etchers and draughtsmen in that remarkably gifted generation of printmakers who grew up between the two World Wars. landscapes contain a deep poetic quality which was to exert a powerful influence on the succeeding generation of neo-Romantic artists.’ 

</doc>
<doc id="31099867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099867" title="Gunnar Bahr">
Gunnar Bahr

Gunnar Bahr (born 21 October 1974) is a German sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Soling class" with Jochen Schümann and Ingo Borkowski at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31099888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099888" title="Ingo Borkowski">
Ingo Borkowski

Ingo Borkowski (born 2 October 1971) is a German sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Soling class" with Jochen Schümann and Gunnar Bahr at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31099892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099892" title="Rushing Roulette">
Rushing Roulette

Rushing Roulette is a 1965 Merrie Melodies cartoon starring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner. It was directed by Robert McKimson, and was the second Road Runner cartoon directed by someone other than Chuck Jones, who had exclusively used the characters since their debut in 1949 (the first was "The Wild Chase", directed by Friz Freleng). McKimson directed one other Road Runner cartoon the following year ("Sugar and Spies"). Unlike the ten Rudy Larriva-directed Road Runner shorts after "Run, Run, Sweet Road Runner" (which featured a series of pre-recorded music cues that didn't follow the action on-screen as closely), Rushing Roulette featured an entirely original score by Bill Lava.
The title of this cartoon is a play on Russian roulette.
Summary.
As with all Road Runner cartoons, Wile E. Coyote tries various methods to nab the speedy bird:

</doc>
<doc id="31099910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099910" title="Maidstone Borough Council election, 2006">
Maidstone Borough Council election, 2006

The 2006 Maidstone Council election took place on 4 May 2006 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent, England. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Background.
Before the election the Conservatives were the largest party on the council with 24 seats, compared to 20 Liberal Democrat, 8 Labour and 3 independent councillors. 18 seats were contested in the election, with the Conservatives the only party to contest every seat. Labour had 15 candidates, the Liberal Democrats 14, Green party 6, United Kingdom Independence Party 4 and there were 3 independent candidates. Both the Liberal Democrat leader of the council, Mick Stevens, and the Labour group leader, Daniel Murphy, stood down at the election, while the Conservative and Independent group leaders, Eric Hotson and Pat Marshall, defended Staplehurst and Bearsted wards respectively.
Election result.
The results saw the Conservatives make the 4 gains they required to win a majority, but fall a seat short after also losing one seat. This meant the council remained under no overall control as it had been since 1983, with the Conservatives on 27 seats, the Liberal Democrats on 19, Labour 6 and there were 3 independents. Overall turnout in the election was 37.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="31099931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099931" title="Field hockey at the 2011 Pan American Games – Women's tournament">
Field hockey at the 2011 Pan American Games – Women's tournament

The women's field hockey tournament at the 2011 Pan American Games was held between 19–28 October 2011 in Guadalajara, Mexico. The tournament doubled as the qualification to the 2012 Summer Olympics to be held in London, Great Britain.
The United States won the tournament after defeating Argentina 4–2 in the final, obtaining their first title and ending Argentina's streak of six consecutive titles since the women's tournament was included in the Pan American Games in 1987.
Qualification.
Every country in the Pan American Hockey Federation had the opportunity to qualify through a regional tournament except the two North American countries as they did not participate in them. Taking that into consideration, it was decided to allow two teams not already qualified through regional tournaments to qualify for the Pan American Games based on final rankings in the 2009 Pan American Cup. Alongside with the automatically qualified host nation, the eighth participating country was decided in a three test-match series between Cuba (who did not participate in the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games) and Jamaica (who would have qualified in the third qualifying position from the 2009 Pan American Cup)
Competition format.
Eight teams competed in both the men's and women's Pan American Games hockey tournaments with the competition consisting of two rounds.
In the first round, teams were divided into two pools of four teams, and play followed round robin format with each of the teams playing all other teams in the pool once. Teams were awarded three points for a win, one point for a draw and zero points for a loss.
Following the completion of the pool games, teams placing first and second in each pool advanced to a single elimination round consisting of two semifinal games, and the bronze and gold medal games. Remaining teams competed in classification matches to determine their ranking in the tournament. During these matches, extra time of 7½ minutes per half was played if teams were tied at the end of regulation time. During extra time, play followed golden goal rules with the first team to score declared the winner. If no goals were scored during extra time, a penalty stroke competition took place.
Umpires.
Below are the 12 umpires appointed by the Pan American Hockey Federation:
Results.
"All times are Central Daylight Time ()"
Medal round.
Gold medal match.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31099939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099939" title="Los Santos (Grand Theft Auto)">
Los Santos (Grand Theft Auto)

Los Santos is a fictional city in the "Grand Theft Auto" series, developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games. It is based on the U.S. city of Los Angeles and southern California. Like its counterpart, Los Santos comprises several diverse areas, and the urban area of Los Santos holds a population comparable to Los Angeles and its surrounding metropolitan area.
Although the state of San Andreas first appeared in the original "Grand Theft Auto", Los Santos has only appeared in two separate titles in the series: "" and "Grand Theft Auto V". In "San Andreas", Los Santos is surrounded by other cities: San Fierro and Las Venturas, separated by remote areas; however, in "Grand Theft Auto V", Los Santos appears as a single city, with Blaine County located to the north. In both of these renditions of the city, there are various businesses for the player to purchase, which generate revenue.
The size of the map in "Grand Theft Auto V" (Los Santos and surrounding countryside) is apparently larger than the maps of "San Andreas", "Grand Theft Auto IV" and "Red Dead Redemption" combined.
Development.
In both "San Andreas" and "Grand Theft Auto V", Los Angeles was used as a model for Los Santos. The virtual city is a compressed representation of Los Angeles, including similar landmarks and districts but in different locations and under different names. For example, within the game Hollywood is known as Vinewood.
Los Angeles was extensively researched for "Grand Theft Auto V". The team organized field research trips with tour guides and architectural historians and captured around 250,000 photos and hours of video footage during these visits. Since the release of the game, hundreds of in-game buildings have been identified as being based on real-world landmarks.
Districts.
Los Santos features several interpretations of many of Los Angeles' districts, landmarks, and neighborhoods, including Compton (Ganton/Davis), Willowbrook (Willowfield), Watts (Jefferson), Inglewood (Idlewood/Strawberry), East Los Angeles (East Los Santos), MacArthur Park (Glen Park/Mirror Park), Downtown Los Angeles (Downtown Los Santos), Beverly Hills (Rockford Hills), Mulholland Drive (Mulholland), Santa Monica (Santa Maria Beach/Del Perro), Malibu (Chumash), North Malibu (North Chumash), Venice Beach (Verona Beach/Vespucci Beach), Hollywood (Vinewood) and its Hollywood Sign (Vinewood Sign).
Reception.
Following the release of "Grand Theft Auto V", the city of Los Santos received high praise from critics. Both Joel Gregory of "PlayStation Official Magazine" and Hollander Cooper of Gamesradar praised the map of its size and detail, with the former concluding Los Santos is "far more appealing" than "Grand Theft Auto IV"s Liberty City. IGN's Keza MacDonald reflected this opinion, and she praised the openness of the world and found exploring it enjoyable. Chris Plante of "Polygon" noted how believable the world was. Many reviewers praised the scale of the open world, complimenting its realisation of Los Angeles. Both Tom Bramwell of Eurogamer and Jim Sterling of Destructoid praised the game for streamlining the geography of Los Angeles into a diverse and well-designed city space. Jeff Gertsmann of Giant Bomb called the city "nicely evocative of Los Angeles." Brandon Jones of GameTrailers noted that the city is an "interest patchwork" of landmarks in Los Angeles. 
"The New Yorker"'s Sam Sweet notes that, with sales of game reaching thirteen million copies, "there will be more people living in the imaginary state of Los Santos than in the real city on which it was modelled."

</doc>
<doc id="31099942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099942" title="Jinpa Sonam">
Jinpa Sonam

Geshe Lharampa Jinpa Sonam is a Tibetan Buddhist philosopher and Spiritual Director for the Indiana Buddhist Center. Sonam was born on May 25, 1955, in Zanskar valley, Ladakh, in the Republic of India. In 1967, he became a monk at the Stagrimo Gompa, a Drukpa Kagyu monastery in Ladakh near Padum. He studied at this monastery for six years before joining the Drepung Gomang Monastery, a Gelugpa monastery in Mundgod, Karnataka India as a novice monk.
In 1999, he passed the Gelugpa Board Examination and was awarded the Lharampa Geshe degree. That same year he was sent to the Tibetan Cultural Center in Bloomington, Indiana, with three other monks to teach Buddhism. After a brief return to India, he returned to the United States to serve as a resident teacher at the Gomang Meditation and Dharma Center in Independence, Kentucky prior to returning to Indiana to found the Indiana Buddhist Center.

</doc>
<doc id="31099955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099955" title="The Market Place">
The Market Place

The Market Place is a novel by American author Harold Frederic. It was published posthumously in 1899, following his death the previous year.
The book's publication and success as a bestseller led to a conflict over Frederic's estate between his wife Grace Frederic and mistress Kate Lyon. This resulted in a scandal involving much of London's Victorian society. The resulting furor led to the jailing of Lyon on charges of manslaughter at the behest of his wife. Another notable American figure of the time, Cora Crane, the companion of author Stephen Crane, sheltered his three children with Lyon while she was jailed pending trial. She was acquitted. 
The novel was among the best selling books in the United States in 1899.
Reception.
American author Willa Cather wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="31099958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099958" title="Lucious Grandson Kanyumba">
Lucious Grandson Kanyumba

Lucious Grandson Kanyumba is a politician who was appointed Minister of Youth Development and Sports in the cabinet of Malawi in June 2009. 
Lucious Grandson Kanyumba was born in 1972. 
He attended St Kizito Seminary, Dedza, and then the University of Malawi, Chancellor College. 
In 1995 he obtained an MSc in Environmental Sciences, and became a teacher at Balaka Secondary School. 
In 1996 he was appointed an Executive director for Andiamo Youth Cooperative trust. 
Kanyumba qualified for a Doctor of Philosophy Degree in Biological Sciences in April 2009.
He operates a hardware shop in Mangochi and is involved in crop produce and transportation.
Kanyumba joined the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) in 2005, became the Regional Governor for the Eastern Region in July 2008, and in February 2009 became 2nd Deputy National Director for Youth on the DPP National Governing Council.
Kanyumba was elected Member of Parliament for Ntcheu Bwanje South on 19 May 2009.
He was appointed Minister of Youth Development and Sports in the cabinet that became effective on 15 June 2009.
He retained this position in the cabinet announced on 9 August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31099987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099987" title="James Sansom Carpenter House">
James Sansom Carpenter House

The James Sansom Carpenter House was significant to Des Moines cultural history from 1906 to 1939. The 13 acre property named Oakwood estate by its owners J. S. Carpenter and his Spouse Florence L. Carpenter because of the old growth oak forestation. The Carpenters' collection was deemed by art critics as one of the finest collections of etchings and lithographs in America. The house held the Carpenter collection of 125 paintings and 350 etchings. J. S. Carpenter was also known as Sannie or Sandy after his oddly spelled middle name. J. S. Carpenter, a bridge building magnet, founded the Des Moines Association of Fine Arts in 1916. The Association members each contributed $100.00 annually for the purchase of paintings and sculptures. The members also received a 25% discount on art purchased at Association events. Carpenter was known as the Guru of fine arts by the Des Moines community. Visiting artists and dignitaries came to Des Moines to sell their art and often stayed with the Carpenter's at Oakwood. Carpenter was president of the Association from its inception until his death of heart disease in 1939. The Associaton transformed into the Edmundson Art Museum in 1940 under the auspices of Association Executive member, and Carpenter's close friend Jay N. (Ding) Darling. Darling as President of the Edmundson Art Foundation merged the original collection into the present day Des Moines Art Center.
The mansion.
Carpenter house, built 1890, extensively renovated in the 1920s, is a colonial revival with two and one half stories. It has six bedrooms with a formal front staircase on the west made of quarter-sawn oak and rectilinear panels with square stair spokes. The library has oak built in bookcases, wall panels and dentil cove molding all of quarter-sawn oak. The living room is 17 feet by 33 feet with an oak colonial revival fireplace on the north. The fireplace has matte green Grueby like three inch square tiles. The ceiling of the great room or living room is molded plaster tiles identical to the ceiling of the historic Hoyt Sherman House. Florence Carpenter, a member of the Des Moines Women's club, was on the Hoyt-Sherman building committee in 1923 when the club auditorium was first dedicated. The formal dining room also has wood wall panels and cove molding all of African Teak wood. A servant's call button was present in the middle of the dining room but has since been covered by a brass plate. There is a servant's staircase on the east. After a fire nearly claimed the Carpenters' collection in the 1920s, a fireproof art room was constructed on the North. The room is separated from the house by about three feet of concrete and a double bank vault door. The 17 by 13 foot art room with 11 foot ceilings has 10 inch concrete floors and ceiling. Two windows on the North had bars that were removed at an unknown date, after the carpenter occupation. On humid days, with a strong Northeast wind, the smell of charred wood is present in the second story. The estate was 13 acres during the Carpenter period. The original address of Summit street was changed to 1525 East 33rd street and again changed by development to 3320 Kinsey Avenue. The property was placed on the National Historic Register in 1998 and declared a local Des Moines Landmark by the Des Moines City Council ordinance 2001.
The grounds and outbuildings.
The grounds originally consisted of 13 acres. A servant's house is located to the north, still standing and under private ownership. The servant's quarters were sold off the estate in the 1960s. The land to the east was also sold in the 1960s to development and is now commonly known as Eastwood Drive and East 34th st, Des Moines Iowa. In 1973 the Hawkeye Development Company purchased Oakwood Estate's remaining five acres and subdivided the land into 11 lots. Houses and duplexes were built around the mansion. One lot to the west, commonly known as 1515 East 33rd street, Des Moines Iowa, was left undeveloped for 23 years and acquired for the estate. A low-income-housing duplex to the west commonly known as 1525 East 33rd St was demolished in 2011, with the lot added to the estate in 2012.
The Carpenters and artist Henry Ossawa Tanner.
Henry Ossawa Tanner, one of America's first successful African American Artists, was a close friend of J. S. Carpenter. How they met is unknown, but it probably was on a buying trip to New York or while Carpenter studied art in France, based on anecdotal evidence. The friendship started as a business relationship. Carpenter wanted a Tanner canvas for the Association of Fine Arts. Carpenter was enthralled with Tanner's works in general. Carpenter wanted to place as many Tanner's works in Des Moines as possible. Part was his love of the style and part the appeal to the consumer. Carpenter brokered paintings for Tanner at a 25% commission. Carpenter often begged Tanner to send more paintings to Des Moines for placement. The best example of their true friendship came in 19** when Carpenter was shopping for art in New Youk City. Carpenter came upon a large Tanner canvas at a gallery. The price was not what Tanner would usually receive. Carpenter believed the canvas was acquired by nefarious means. Carpenter contacted Tanner, who was then living in France, to ask if the canvas was stolen. Carpenter discovered that Tanner stored six pictures with an art warehouse. The business closed and the owner took the pictures to another storage area. The owner died with his widow auctioning the paintings off and keeping the money for herself. Carpenter took it upon himself to seek out the auctioned Tanner canvases and recover as many as possible. Carpenter expended his own funds for the entire recovery process at a cost of $?. The ordeal started in 19** and by 19** the cost of recovery totaled. Tanner paid him back from the proceeds of the sales 19**. The letters that followed this misadventure revealed a trusting friendship. Tanner assisted Carpenter in acquiring the Hand of Rodan for $1,000.00 along with provenance for the Fine Arts Association. A bronze that is still in the Des Moines Art Center collection. Tanner also bid at auctions for Carpenter's friends and for Carpenter. Carpenter gave Tanner free rein to bid on, "a large work, from a big artist at a small price." In Tanner's final year of life he confided in Carpenter that many canvases were in the studio but he had not the strength to complete the work. Tanner referenced a new Tempera mix for which he was very excited. In Carpenter's final letter to Tanner, 1936, Carpenter noted two weeks in Chicago for medical treatment and the stagnant art market. Carpenter and Tanner demonstrated a true and trusted friendship to their final days of life.
Of note is eye witness accounts of cross burnings in the 1920s just three blocks south of Carpenter's Oakwood Estate. The Ku Klux Klan would ride their steel shod horses East down the brick paved East University Street and then turn North toward Carpenter's house to a horse pasture on the highest hill near today's East 34th street and Dubuque Avenue, Des Moines Iowa. There, the white cloaked KKK members would burn their cross. There is no information indicating this as a warning to Carpenter for selling a "Negro's" paintings. Nothing in the news or Carpenter's correspondence indicate he was distracted from selling Tanner paintings. To the contrary, Carpenter was an aggressive promoter of Tanner works.
The Carpenters and artist Leon Kroll.
Artist Leon Kroll and his wife visited Des Moines and stayed with the Carpenter's at Oakwood. Extensive correspondence exists between J. S. Carpenter and Leon Kroll at the Archives of American Art.
The Carpenters' Richard E. Miller painting, "Goldfish".
The Carpenters owned a very rare painting by artist Richard E. Miller titled "Goldfish", circa 1912. The subject was Miller's wife and daughter. Miller's daughter died shortly after the painting was completed. The painting was inherited by Carpenter's niece. In 1990 the niece offered Goldfish to the Des Moines Art Center. With little research, the Art Center rejected the offer. The Art Center already had an example of Richard Miller's work. The Art Center failed to recognize the importance of the painting in that it depicted the artist's last painting of his daughter. Carpenter's niece donated the painting to her alma mater Simpson College, Indianola, Iowa with full knowledge of the painting's value. Simpson college sent Goldfish to Sotheby's auction house for sale in New York 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31099995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31099995" title="Robert Cruickshank (sailor)">
Robert Cruickshank (sailor)

Robert Cruickshank (born 19 February 1963) is a British sailor. He won a bronze medal in the soling class at the 1992 Summer Olympics with Lawrie Smith and Ossie Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="31100006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100006" title="Fields of Gold (disambiguation)">
Fields of Gold (disambiguation)

Fields of Gold may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31100024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100024" title="York Club">
York Club

The York Club is a gender neutral downtown private club in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is in The Annex neighborhood close to the University of Toronto (U of T). The building it inhabits was originally constructed in 1889 as a home for George Gooderham and his large family. It took nearly three years to complete. The architect was David Roberts Jr., who designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style. After George Gooderham died in mid 1905, at the age of 75, his widow Harriet Gooderham decided to move to a smaller home at 224 St. George Street. Accordingly, the former Gooderham family home was put on the market for sale. Letters Patent incorporating The York Club were issued under the Great Seal of the Province of Ontario on the 22nd day of November, 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="31100030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100030" title="Jessie J discography">
Jessie J discography

English singer-songwriter Jessie J has released two studio albums, one extended play (which was also her first live album), twelve singles (including two as a featured artist), twelve music videos, and two promotional singles.
Jessie J released her debut single, "Do It Like a Dude", in the United Kingdom in November 2010, where it peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart. It also reached number eight in New Zealand. Her follow-up single, "Price Tag", which featured B.o.B, was released in late January 2011, spending two weeks at number-one in the UK; selling over a million copies as of January 2012. The single also reached number twenty-three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States and peaked at number-one in France, Ireland, New Zealand, while reaching the top three in Australia, Germany and the Netherlands. Her debut album, "Who You Are", was released in February 2011 and reached number two on the UK Albums Chart. It also reached the top ten in Australia, Canada, Ireland and New Zealand, and number eleven in the US. The album's third single, "Nobody's Perfect", peaked at number nine in the UK, while its fourth single, "Who's Laughing Now", peaked at sixteen. The fifth single from the album, "Who You Are", earned Jessie a fourth top-ten hit in December 2011, when it peaked at number eight. A non-album single, "Domino", was released in some territories, peaking at number three in New Zealand, number five in Australia and became her first top ten single on the "Billboard" Hot 100; peaking at number six. The track was later included on the repackaged edition of "Who You Are" in the UK and was released as the sixth single and became her second number-one single in the UK in January 2012. A seventh single, "LaserLight" taken from the platinum edition of the album it was released in May 2012; reaching the top ten in the UK and Ireland.
The campaign for the second studio album "Alive" was launched in May 2013, with the worldwide release of "Wild". Featuring rappers Big Sean and Dizzee Rascal, the track reached number five in the United Kingdom and number six in Australia. A second single—"It's My Party"—preceded the release of the album on September 15. Alive was released on September 20 2013
Jessie J also appeared as a guest vocalist on James Morrison's single "Up" in November 2011. The single, released from the album "The Awakening", reached number thirty in the United Kingdom. In December 2012, Jessie J featured on singer Daley's single "Remember Me"; a track which went on to reach number twenty-four in the UK.
As of April 2012, Jessie J has sold 11 million singles and 2.5 million albums worldwide.
Writing credits.
The following songs were co-written by Jessica Cornish and performed by other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="31100034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100034" title="Ossie Stewart">
Ossie Stewart

Simon "Ossie" Stewart (born 31 January 1954) is a British sailor. He won a bronze medal in the Soling class at the 1992 Summer Olympics with Lawrie Smith and Robert Cruickshank.

</doc>
<doc id="31100054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100054" title="Boye (band)">
Boye (band)

Boye (a pun for "Boje", trans. "Colors") were a Serbian new wave and later alternative rock band from Novi Sad. Until the late 1980s Boye were an all-female band, but later lineups also featured male members.
History.
1980s.
The band was formed in October 1981 by Biljana Babić (drums), Jasna Manjulov (keyboards, vocals), Ljiljana Radaković (bass) and Klaudija Gavrilović (guitar, vocals). The first live appearance the band had in December of the same year, presenting themselves as an energetic all-female new wave band. In February of the following year, along with other Novi Sad new wave bands, they performed at Novosadski novi talas ("Novi Sad New Wave") concert held in the Vienna club Arena.
In 1983, the band performed at the international rock festival Frauen in der Rock Music in Vienna and Frauen Avantgarde festival in Linz. At the time, Klaudija Gavrilović left the band being replaced by Vesna Branković and Milica Žilnik "Maša" became the new lead vocalist. The following year, the band recorded their debut album in Zagreb, however, it was never released as the record label wanted them to become an electropop band.
In 1985, without the need for compromise the band made demo recordings, with the Disciplina Kičme frontman Dušan Kojić "Koja" as the producer. The recorded demo tracks provided them with an opportunity to release a single "Ja hoću te" ("I Want You"), with the song "Kralj dosade" ("King of Boredom") as the B-side, through PGP RTB. The cover of the single featured the inscriptions "Prvi pravi ženski zvuk" ("The first true feminine sound") written in Kojić's already familiar manner. 
The single release was followed by the debut album, "Dosta! Dosta! Dosta!" ("Enough! Enough! Enough!"), released by the same label in 1988, featuring the prominent songs "Mama Kivi" ("Mother Kiwi"), "Gde se možemo sresti" ("Where Could We Meet"), and the title track. The album also featured the new bassist Darko Matić, the first male member in the group, and yet another vocalist Tanja Đajić. Under Kojić's influence, the band had maintained their original musical style and introduced rap vocal sections. The album cover for both the album and the single had been designed by Biljana Babić.
1990s.
In 1990, the band released their second album "78" through the Croatian independent record label Search and Enjoy, featuring the new bassist Ilija Vlaisavljević "Bebec", a former La Strada member. The album producer was once again Kojić who also appeared as the author of the tracks and a guest guitarist. The song "Ja sam radosna" ("I am Joyful"), present in the band repertoire since the beginning of their career appeared on the album, featuring the lyrics written by La Strada frontman Slobodan Tišma, whose song "Mlad i radostan" ("Young and Joyful") was also sampled on the track.
The political circumstances in the country influenced the work within the group as with the outbreak of the Yugoslav Wars, Tanja Đajić, Jasna Manjulov and Vesna Branković left the band quitting their musical careers. Biljana Babić and Ilija Vlaisavljević continued working with Boye featuring the new members Jelena Kajtez (vocals) and Aleksandra Blažić "Caka" (vocals) and Vladimir Radusinović "Radule", the member of the Novi Sad punk rock band Atheist Rap, who had left the group after a short period of time. The new lineup appeared on the "Ne računajte na nas" ("Do Not Count On Us") antiwar concert held at the Belgrade Republic Square during the spring of 1992.
The following year, the band recorded their third studio album "Boye se ne boje" ("Boye Are Not Afraid") in the Netherlands at the Sing Sing studio owned by the former Čista Proza member Milan Ćirić. The album production was done by Vlaisavljević, who had also recorded the guitar sections, and as guests on the album appeared the former Disciplina Kičme member Zoran Erkman "Zerkman" (trumpet) and David Gardeur (keyboards). With the help of the latter, the band recorded a promotional video for the track "Gleglegledaj!" ("L. L. Look!") which, along with the interview with the band, had been broadcast on Dutch national television. The album was released by the Israel record label Doranit Enterprises Ltd, led by two people from Novi Sad, and in Serbia it was released first by Music YUser and then by Metropolis Records. The album got the award for the best release in 1993 by the Serbian magazine "Ritam". Around that same time, a compilation album featuring "Dosta! Dosta! Dosta!", "78" and the first three tracks of "Boye Aren't Afraid" was released.
Having returned from the Netherlands, Aleksandra Blažić left the band, and Miloš Rašković (guitar) and Đorđe Todorović (trombone), became the new band members. During the early 1994, the band held three concerts in Athens, where, along with the performance at Crete, in April of the following year, the band had appeared on the manifestation "Za mir na Balkanu" ("For Peace on the Balkans"). At the time, Robert Telčer became the new guitar player. The new lineup performed in March 1996 at the Balkans Art Festival in Komotini and Xanthi situated in Greece, near the Turkish border.
The fourth studio album "Prevariti naviku" ("To Trick a Habit") was released in July 1997, once again recorded at the Sing Sing studio and produced by Vlaisavljević, featuring the single "Ludilo mašina" ("Machine Madness"), presenting the band in a more modern musical direction than on the previous releases. After the album release, without any official announcement, the band ceased to exist. During the same year, on the Slovenian live various artists compilation "V živo v Štuki" ("Live in Štuk"), the band appeared with the performance made in 1995 at the Maribor Štuk Hall, along with the performances of various bands from Slovenia and Croatia.
Legacy.
In 2009, the Novi Sad alternative rock band Obojeni Program covered the song "Ja hoću te" and released it in 7" single format through Dutch independent record label Hello Bing. During the same year, the Belgrade indie rock band Autopark covered the song "Gde možemo se sresti" ("Where We Could Meet") on their album "Sve dalje" ("Further On").
In 2011, at the Belgrade Mikser festival, the Serbian alternative rock band Jarboli performed the album "Dosta! Dosta! Dosta!" in its entirety.
In 2014, the cast of the "Otvorena vrata" TV series, covered the song "Dosta! Dosta! Dosta!", for the soundtrack for the episode "Idoli".

</doc>
<doc id="31100058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100058" title="Richard P. Giles">
Richard P. Giles

Richard P. Giles (died November 17, 1896) was an American, Democratic politician from Missouri.
In November 1896, Giles was elected to the United States House of Representatives for the Missouri First Congressional District. However, on November 17, 1896, Giles died before he was able to take office. James Tilghman Lloyd was elected in a special election to succeed Giles.

</doc>
<doc id="31100069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100069" title="John Shaw (died 1690)">
John Shaw (died 1690)

Sir John Shaw (c 1617 - 1690) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1679.
Shaw was the son of John Shaw of Colchester and his wife Mary Lufkin. His father was an alderman who supported the Royalist cause in the English Civil War. 
In 1659, Shaw was elected Member of Parliament for Colchester in the Third Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Colchester for the Convention Parliament in 1660 and for the Cavalier Parliament in 1661 and sat until 1679.
In 1660 Shaw became Recorder of Colchester when his father was restored to his rank as alderman. He was knighted at Whitehall on 24 September 1661
Shaw married Thamar Lewes in 1643 and had several children.

</doc>
<doc id="31100086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100086" title="Wine Museum, Ehnen">
Wine Museum, Ehnen

The Wine Museum ("Musée du Vin"), located in Ehnen on the Luxembourg side of the Moselle, illustrates the art of wine-making with exhibits of traditional vintner's tools and bottling equipment together with old documents and photographs. Opened by the State in 1978, it occupies the home of a former vintner with wine-making antiques and furnishings.
The museum.
Standing close to the banks of the river, the old house belonged for generations to the prosperous Wellenstein family. The premises also house a cooperage showing how barrels were made, a large old wine press, a smithy and an old weights and measures office. There is also a small vinyard with all the local grape varieties.
Visiting times.
The museum is open from April to October every day except Mondays from 9.30 to 11.30 am and from 2 to 5 pm.

</doc>
<doc id="31100089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100089" title="Christopher Milburn">
Christopher Milburn


</doc>
<doc id="31100098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100098" title="Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 23)">
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 23)

The following is a list of episodes from the twenty-third season of PBS "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" which aired in late 1992 and early 1993.
Episode 1 (Up & Down).
Rogers and Mr. McFeely ride an elevator and an escalator in a mall, to compare the differences. Lady Elaine accepts the delivery of a hydraulic platform. 
Episode 2 (Up & Down).
Famed domino artist Bob Speca sets up and knocks down dominoes at Negri's Music Shop. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Robert Troll rides the hydraulic platform outside the Museum-Go-Round. 
Episode 3 (Up & Down).
King Friday wants the neighbors to find a place where Mimus polyglottos and Troglodytes aedon can take up dance lessons. While they are not looking, Robert Troll takes Mimus and Trog for a walk and dance, while Chuck Aber goes off looking for the birds. 
Episode 4 (Up & Down).
Rogers hears from clarinetist Richard Stoltzman. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, two crises remain unsolved. They are stopping the Museum-Go-Round from going up and down, and getting the wooden birds back. 
Episode 5 (Up & Down).
Bruce Franco makes balloon art, concentrating on animals. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, the hydraulic platform is fixed. By chance, Robert Troll is seen with the King's two wooden birds. 
Episode 6 (Love).
Rogers enters carrying a stuffed bear and wearing a bear costume. Mr. McFeely then brings in a video that shows how stuffed bears are made. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe finds one of its neighbors in a bear costume. 
Episode 7 (Love).
Rogers shows a picture of one friend, an ornithologist, and visits him at The Aviary in Pittsburgh. Lady Elaine Fairchilde is readying a "Museum of Love." At Mayor Maggie's suggestion, Lady Elaine decides to start a soap opera. 
Episode 8 (Love).
Rogers soaks his feet in a pool outside his porch and "Officer" Clemmons makes an unexpected visit. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Lady Elaine is preparing to do a soap opera she calls "As the Museum Turns". Meanwhile, King Friday, Queen Sara, and Prince Tuesday get angry at each other, in front of Lady Aberlin.
Episode 9 (Love).
Rogers discusses the way of how images are reflected in mirrors. Lady Elaine continues preparations for her one-woman soap opera.
Episode 10 (Love).
Rogers uses bubble mix and a wand to make large bubbles and discovers he has no running water. Before things are fixed, he remembers his visit to a kitchen where he helped make spinach egg rolls. The Neighborhood of Make-Believe witnesses the soap opera at the Museum of Love. Some of the neighbors help Lady Elaine perform. 
Episode 11 (Then & Now).
Rogers does a science experiment involving food coloring and water. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Robert Troll takes the Trolley off its tracks. This prompts several neighbors to search for it. 
Episode 12 (Then & Now).
Guest shadow artist Jim West performs silhouettes of various animals. Mr. McFeely shows a tape on how light bulbs are made. The Court of the Neighborhood of Make-Believe wants to return the shadows of Harriet Elizabeth Cow, Donkey Hodie, X, and Henrietta. Before long, Robert Troll reveals the Trolley's Extra Dimension to Lady Aberlin. 
Episode 13 (Then & Now).
Mr. McFeely brings a pantomimist to Rogers' television house. The trolley's reputation for revealing the past spreads through the Neighborhood. It gets to the point where the Trolley turns the Neighborhood upside-down. 
Episode 14 (Then & Now).
Mr. McFeeley brings a dead bird into the television house and asks Rogers for a box in which to bury it. This prompts a Neighborhood of Make-Believe discussion of death as Lady Aberlin helps Henrietta and Daniel. 
Episode 15 (Then & Now).
Rogers visits Itzhak Perlman at a concert hall and reflects on his visit to Colonial Williamsburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="31100135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100135" title="Atanas Lyaskov">
Atanas Lyaskov

Atanas Lyaskov () (born 9 July 1979) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Bansko 1951 as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31100202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100202" title="Alain Oreille">
Alain Oreille

Alain Oreille (born 22 April 1953 in Sarre-Union) is a former French rally driver, who won the Rallye Côte d'Ivoire in 1989, a round of the World Rally Championship. He won the FIA Cup for Drivers of Production Cars in 1989 and 1990.
Career.
Oreille drove Renaults for most of his career, including all 28 of his WRC starts. He took back-to-back wins in the FIA Cup for Drivers of Production Cars in 1989 and 1990 in a Renault 5 GT Turbo. By winning the Rallye Côte d'Ivoire in 1989 he became the first and only driver to win a WRC round in a Group N car.

</doc>
<doc id="31100225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100225" title="Service Control Manager">
Service Control Manager

Service Control Manager (SCM) is a special system process under the Windows NT family of operating systems, which starts, stops and interacts with Windows service processes. It is located in the codice_1 executable. Service processes interact with SCM through a well-defined API, and the same API is used internally by the interactive Windows service management tools such as the MMC snap-in codice_2 and the command-line Service Control utility codice_3.
Implementation.
The SCM executable, codice_4, runs as a Windows console program, and is launched by the Wininit process early during the system startup. Its main function, codice_5, launches all the services configured for automatic startup. First an internal database of installed services is initialized by reading the following two registry keys:
In the next step, SCM's main function codice_5 calls the function codice_13 function which checks whether the device drivers that should be started during the boot or system startup were successfully loaded, and those that have failed to do so are stored in a list called codice_14. Then a named pipe codice_15 is created as a remote procedure call interface between the SCM and the SCPs (Service Control Processes) that interact with specific services.
Next, it calls the codice_16 function which loops through all the services marked as auto-start, paying attention to the calculated load-order dependencies. In case of a circular dependency an error is noted and the service depending on a service that belongs to a group coming later in the load order is skipped. For delayed auto-start services, grouping has no effect, and those are loaded at a later stage of system startup.
For each service it wants to start, the SCM calls the codice_17 function which checks the name of the file that runs the service's process, ensuring that the account specified for the service is same as the account that the service process runs in. Every service that does not run in the codice_18 account is logged in by calling the LSASS function codice_19, for which LSASS process looks up "secret" passwords stored in the codice_20 registry key, which were stored by the SCP using the codice_21 API, when the service was originally configured. 
Next, the codice_22 function is called for every service whose service process has not been already launched. Service processes are created in a suspended state via the codice_23 API. Before the service process' execution is resumed, a named pipe codice_24 (where X is a number incremented for each service iteration) is created which serves as a communication channel between the SCM and the service process. Service process connects to the pipe by calling the codice_25 function, after which the SCM sends the service a "start" command.
Delayed auto-start services.
Delayed auto-start services have been added in Windows Vista, in order to solve the problem of a prolonged system startup, as well as to speed-up the start of critical services that cannot be delayed. Originally the auto-start method of service initialization was designed for essential system services upon which other applications and services depend. The SCM initializes the delayed services only after handling all the non-delayed auto-start services, by invoking the codice_26 function. This function queues a delayed (120 seconds by default) work item associated with a corresponding worker thread. Other than being initialized after a delay, there are no other differences between delayed and non-delayed services.
Device drivers.
Services whose codice_27 registry value is codice_28 or codice_29 are handled specially: these represent device drivers for which codice_17 calls the codice_31 function which loads the appropriate driver (usually a file with an extension codice_32) which must be located in the codice_33 directory. For that purpose, the codice_34 system call is invoked, and the codice_35 is added to the SCM's process.
Network drive letters.
SCM provides an additional functionality completely unrelated to Windows services: it notifies GUI applications such as the Windows Explorer when a network drive-letter connection has been created or deleted, by broadcasting Windows messages codice_36.

</doc>
<doc id="31100229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100229" title="Wyoming Highway 345">
Wyoming Highway 345

Wyoming Highway 345 is a Wyoming State Road located in northern Sheridan County. 
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 345 begins its western end (or northern end at this point) at Montana Secondary Highway 451 at the Montana State Line, approximately 3 miles north of Parkman, Wyoming. For its entire length, WYO 345 parallels the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway and to some extent Interstate 90/US Route 87, which lies north of it. Highway 345 travels through the census-designated place (CDP) of Parkman at about 3 miles, as it turns gently southeast. Shortly after, the northern terminus of Wyoming Highway 343, which links to US 14 at Dayton, is met at just under 6 miles. Highway 345 continues eastward toward Ranchester which it reaches nearing 12 miles and US 14 which provides access to exit 9 of Interstate 90. Past Ranchester WYO 345 now closely parallels the interstate in its last stretch. Highway 345 meets Interstate 90/US Route 87/US Route 14 at Milepost 19.27, at the "Acme Interchange," its eastern terminus. The roadway continues east as "Acme Road" past the interchange to Acme.
History.
The entire length of Wyoming Highway 345 was originally designated as US Route 87. This section of US 87 was the last to be decommissioned in favor of the I-90 routing. In March 1985, when I-90 was completed, the Interstate Highway System in Wyoming was completed. At the same time, US 87 was rerouted to Interstate 90 and as a result the former routing through Ranchester became WYO 345.

</doc>
<doc id="31100264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100264" title="Nicholas Gecks">
Nicholas Gecks

as his modernising colleague Charles Hearthstoke.
Gecks starred as Father Mike in the 1983 film "Forever Young".

</doc>
<doc id="31100265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100265" title="Charles G. Clarke">
Charles G. Clarke

Charles G. Clarke ASC (19 March 1899 – 1 July 1983) an American cinematographer who worked in Hollywood for over 40 years and was treasurer and president (twice - 1948-50 and 1951–53) of the American Society of Cinematographers.
Career.
Clarke started his career as an assistant cameraman to Allen Siegler at Universal Pictures in 1915. After serving overseas with the US Army during World War I, he returned to work as an assistant cameraman with the National Film Company and Oliver Morosco Company.
Subsequently promoted to cinematographer on the 15-part silent serial "The Son of Tarzan" (1920), he worked across a broad spectrum of film, including standard movie serials at the independents, to showcase musicals and major-studio epics. From 1927 to 1933 he was first cameraman at the Jesse Lasky Company.
He was responsible for all of the China location footage and much of the studio work for MGM's "The Good Earth" (1937) but was uncredited. After working on a number of movies for Fox Films in the 1930s, he moved MGM. In 1938 he returned to the now 20th Century-Fox and worked the majority of his subsequent career at the studio.
He worked on low-budget Mr. Moto and Charlie Chan pictures to helped produce propaganda material such as "Guadalcanal Diary" (1943) to pictures "Thunderhead, Son of Flicka" (1945) and "Miracle on 34th Street" (1947)) to big CinemaScope musicals "Marching Along" (1952).
He was married to Marian Bowden and died at his home in Beverly Hills, California, in 1983.
Teacher.
Whilst on the shoot for "Marines, Let's Go" in Japan, Clarke suffered a minor heart attack and retired from work. However, former friend and Fox producer Kenneth Macgowan persuaded Clarke to join the Theater Arts Department at UCLA. Clarke taught film school and wrote a book called "Professional Cinematography" at the urging of his students in 1964. In 1976 he published "Early Film Making in Los Angeles" which recounted his time during the early years of Hollywood and how the technology of cinematography changed.

</doc>
<doc id="31100285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100285" title="William West (died 1670)">
William West (died 1670)

William West (1 February 1612 – December, 1670) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1653 and 1660. He fought on the Parliamentary side in the English Civil War.
West was a colonel in the Parliamentary army by 1653 and served as MP for Lancashire in the Barebones Parliament. In 1659 he acquired the manor of Middleton, Lancashire.
Also in 1659, West was elected Member of Parliament for Lancaster in the Third Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Lancaster for the Convention Parliament in 1660.
West died at the age of 58 and was buried on 7 December 1670.
West's first wife Juliana died in 1666. He subsequently married Frances Kirkby, daughter of Roger Kirkby of Kirkby Ireleth.

</doc>
<doc id="31100297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100297" title="Blue Belle">
Blue Belle

Blue Belle is a 1976 British-Italian drama film directed by Massimo Dallamano and starring Annie Belle, Felicity Devonshire and Maria Rohm. A young woman meets up with her older lover after she leaves school. Its Italian title is "La fine dell'innocenza".

</doc>
<doc id="31100302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100302" title="Norwegian Army Command Germany">
Norwegian Army Command Germany

The Norwegian Army Command Germany () was in charge of the Norwegian contribution to the occupation of the British Zone in Germany, which with the creation of NATO also become a defence force. It was active from the fall of 1946 to the summer of 1953 and represented the Norwegian Army High Command with regards to both the Independent Norwegian Brigade Group in Germany and the British Army of the Rhine. With changing brigades every 6 months the command represented the continuity in the Norwegian presence in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31100305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100305" title="Eunice Kazembe">
Eunice Kazembe

Eunice Kazembe (1952 – 28 October 2013) died was a Malawian politician who was appointed Minister of Industry and Trade in the cabinet of Malawi in 2009.
On 26 April 2012 President Joyce Banda named her new cabinet. Kazembe became minister of Education.
Eunice Kazembe was born in 1952. 
She obtained a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Carleton University, Ottawa, and a Masters in Business Administration from Indiana University.
She was at one time General Manager of the Agricultural Development and Marketing Corporation (Malawi), and Malawi's Ambassador to the Republic of China (Taiwan). 
Kazembe was a Chief Advisor to the President on Urban Development from 2005 to 2009, and served as Minister of Trade and Industry, and Minister of Mines, Energy and Natural Resources.
She is a trustee and co-founder of Chisomo Children’s Club.
Kazembe was elected a Member of Parliament for Chiradzulu South in May 2009, running on the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) platform.
She was appointed Minister of Industry and Trade in the cabinet that became effective on 15 June 2009.
She retained this position in the cabinet announced on 9 August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31100336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100336" title="Hague Marriage Convention">
Hague Marriage Convention

The Hague Convention on Celebration and Recognition of the Validity of Marriages or Hague Marriage Convention is a multilateral treaty developed by the Hague Conference on Private International Law that provides the recognition of marriages. The convention was signed in 1978 by the Portugal, Luxembourg and Egypt, and later by Australia, Finland and the Netherlands. It entered into force more than 10 years after opening for signature after ratification by Australia, the Netherlands (for its European territory only) and Luxembourg, and no countries have acceded to the convention since.

</doc>
<doc id="31100341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31100341" title="Brooks Young Band">
Brooks Young Band

Brooks Young Band is a New England based rock and blues band from Concord, New Hampshire fronted by Fender endorsed lead vocalist/lead guitarist Brooks Young. Other band members include keyboardist Jeff LeRoy, keyboardist rhythm guitarist Andy Devine, bass guitarist Matt McDermott and drummer Dave Lombard.
In April 2010, the Brooks Young Band released their first full length studio album entitled "Counting Down" featuring the guitar work of Gibson Signature Artist Johnny A. on the title track of the album. The album was recorded at Rocking Horse Studio in Pittsfield, New Hampshire.
The Brooks Young Band has performed with such notable acts as Grammy Award Winning, King of the Blues BB King, blues legend James Cotton, blues harmonica player James Montgomery, multicultural American funk and soul band Robert Randolph and the Family Band, J. Geils of The J. Geils Band, Huey Lewis and the News, Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes, Barry Goudreau of Boston and Michael Carabello of Santana.
Discography.
"Counting Down".
Released in 2010
"Back On The Ground EP".
Released in 2009

</doc>
