<doc id="31050663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050663" title="Brock Duckworth">
Brock Duckworth

Brock Duckworth (born April 19, 1989 in Dallas, Texas) is an American soccer player currently playing for Charlotte Eagles in the USL Professional Division.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Duckworth played his college soccer at the University of North Carolina Wilmington, where he was Second-team NSCAA All-South Atlantic in 2008 and Third-team All-CAA in 2009.
During his college career, Duckworth played with USL Premier Development League club Carolina Dynamo during their 2009 and 2010 seasons.
Professional.
Duckworth signed his first professional contract on March 1, 2011 when he joined USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads. He made his professional debut on April 17, 2011 in Wilmington's first game of the 2011 season, a 1-0 win over the Rochester Rhinos. On April 30, 2012 Duckworth signed for the Myrtle Beach FC.

</doc>
<doc id="31050671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050671" title="Jones–Sherman House">
Jones–Sherman House

The Jones–Sherman House is a historic Bungalow/Craftsman style house built in 1913 in Salem, Oregon, United States. It was built from a pattern book by Lindstrom & Almars by owner Ralph R. Jones.
The house is also known as the Ralph R. Jones House or Charles L. Sherman House.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 because of its architectural significance.

</doc>
<doc id="31050680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050680" title="Ives Fabián Quintana">
Ives Fabián Quintana

Ives Fabián Quintana (born December 23, 1983 in Mendoza, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for ESPOLI in Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="31050693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050693" title="Goodwizz">
Goodwizz

Goodwizz was a social network service website based in France. Users had an option to use their Facebook credentials to sign up and log on to Goodwizz. The site seems to be down since mid-2012.
Goodwizz explored new horizons in social network, with advanced approach in building social ties. It defined itself as a social network, with games, and a meeting section in four steps: matchmaking algorithm, discovery questions, personality games and meeting location suggestions.
History.
In September 2010 Emmanuel Cassimatis started and gathered 60,000 members in its first 6 months of existence.
Goodwizz was a result from a market study with the cooperation of 200 people. The outcome is that most people find it hard to connect and get to know people online. The study was able to find ways on how to connect to other users by means of genuine connections.
Originally launched with a matchmaking algorithm and personality games developed with psychologists. 
On June 6, 2011, Goodwizz founder Emmanuel Cassimatis made a statement on BBC News regarding the banning of French TV and radio presenters from mentioning social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter on air.
Today, Goodwizz extended steadily the range of proposed functionalities, focusing on guidance, evolving to a meeting management platform offering meeting-oriented tools.
Features.
Like most social networking service, Goodwizz allow users to post and upload pictures and videos, share thoughts and comments on a wall, invite friends, and send them virtual gifts. It developed a unique matchmaking system that suggests particular users to members with common interests and compatible personal feature.
It has its own personality games and external games from Facebook. Meeting services that focuses on guidance and coaching based on personality plays is also an attraction.
Applications that provide service like online radio, classifieds, photo editing, psychic services and many others.
Goodwizz also offers a mobile phone version of its website.

</doc>
<doc id="31050708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050708" title="Eurocup Basketball 2010–11 Quarterfinals">
Eurocup Basketball 2010–11 Quarterfinals

The quarterfinals were two-legged ties determined on aggregate score. The first legs was played on March 23. All return legs were played on March 30. The group winner in each tie, listed as "Team #1", hosted the second leg.

</doc>
<doc id="31050726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050726" title="Edward Griffin (MP)">
Edward Griffin (MP)

Sir Edward Griffin (1587 – 5 May 1681) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1644.
Griffin was the son of Sir Edward Griffin of Dingley and Gumley Ewing Northamptonshire. He matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford on 16 October 1601, aged 14. He was a student of Middle Temple in 1604. He was knighted on 20 May 1625. 
In April 1640, Griffin was elected Member of Parliament for Downton in the Short Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Downton in the Long Parliament and sat until he was disabled on 5 February 1644. 
Following the Restoration, Griffin was Treasurer of the Chamber from 1660 to 1679.
Griffin is said to have died in 1681 at an advanced age.

</doc>
<doc id="31050729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050729" title="Tata Pixel">
Tata Pixel

The Tata Pixel is a rear-engined four-passenger city car, unveiled on 1 March 2011 by Tata Motors at the 81st International Motor Show in Geneva and aimed primarily at the European market. It is based on the Tata Nano platform.
History.
The Tata Pixel is based upon the Nano Europa concept which was first shown at the 2009 Geneva Motor Show. For the Europa concept, Nano was upgraded to meet EU safety and emission standards, the concept had a number of improvements over the standard Nano, including an extended wheelbase, a new 3-cylinder engine, power steering, an anti-lock braking system (ABS), an improved interior and exterior and it was also heavier than the standard Nano.
Features.
The Tata Pixel concept includes following features
Zero Turn Drive.
The Tata Pixel is able to maneuver and park in tight spaces due to the zero turn toroidal traction-drive, Infinitely Variable Transmission (IVT), and due to its steering system design. This results in a turning circle radius of 2.6 meters. The steering and the transmission work together so that each wheel is driven independently with inputs from the steering system. By applying reverse drive on a single rear wheel and forward drive on a single front wheel, the car is able to turn almost in its own length.
Low Carbon Footprint and High Fuel Efficiency.
The Tata Pixel features a start stop hybrid and regenerative braking system, with a fuel efficient and low emission diesel engine. It has CO2 emissions of 89 gm/km and combined cycle fuel economy of 3.4 litres/100 km.
Design.
The Tata Pixel features a monographic roof, silver shaped window graphic and forward sweeping roof line. It also features a ‘Scissor’ door system for access and visibility.
My Tata Connect.
“My Tata Connect” is a platform which provides integration of smart phones or tablet with the vehicle’s information, and entertainment system and also allows the user to control the key functions of the car.
Technical specifications.
The Pixel is a car with a three-cylinder 1200 cc rear engine.

</doc>
<doc id="31050736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050736" title="PLAYgreen Festival">
PLAYgreen Festival

The PLAYgreen Festival is "the largest eco-experimental college festival" in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31050747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050747" title="The Secret Circle (TV series)">
The Secret Circle (TV series)

The Secret Circle is an American supernatural teen drama that aired on The CW from September 15, 2011, to May 10, 2012. It is based on the book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith. Set in the town of Chance Harbor, Washington, the series focuses on Cassie Blake (Britt Robertson) who, after moving to Chance Harbor, discovers that she is a hereditary witch and soon after joins a secret coven of five others. The series was developed by Andrew Miller and was picked up on May 17, 2011, by The CW. On October 12, 2011, The CW ordered a full 22-episode season of the series.
On May 11, 2012, The CW canceled the series. The ratings decline in the second half of the season, the expensive cost of special effects, and dramatic locations were cited as reasons for the show's cancellation. The show can now be seen on Netflix and on the Chiller channel.
Synopsis.
Following the death of her mother, Cassie Blake (Britt Robertson) moves to Chance Harbor, Washington, to live with her grandmother. Her attempts to adjust to the new town are crushed when five of her classmates, Adam Conant (Thomas Dekker), Diana Meade (Shelley Hennig), Faye Chamberlain (Phoebe Tonkin), Melissa Glaser (Jessica Parker Kennedy), and Nick Armstrong (Louis Hunter), reveal to Cassie that she comes from a long line of witches and is the final member of their coven; with her they are able to unlock the full extent of their powers. Initially Cassie refuses to believe that she is a witch, even after Adam helps her to unlock her powers. It is only after she discovers an old leather-bound book of spells left to her by her late mother, Amelia, that Cassie begins to accept her power. Inside the book is a message to Cassie explaining that she kept their real family history and her powers a secret in order to keep her safe; as the circle soon finds out, their powers attract dark and dangerous forces that constantly puts them in harm's way.
Development.
On October 28, 2010, L. J. Smith announced that the series had been optioned for a TV series by The CW. On February 8, 2011, The CW picked up "The Secret Circle" with "Dawson's Creek" creator and "The Vampire Diaries" co-creator/executive producer Kevin Williamson now attached. However, he told The CW that "The Vampire Diaries" companion series he was helming had been put on hold in order to focus on "The Secret Circle." Williamson worked on an original script penned by Andrew Miller, creator of the Emmy-nominated web series "Imaginary Bitches", with writer credit shared by both men.
On February 16, 2011, "The Secret Circle" booked Liz Friedlander to direct the pilot. Friedlander also directed episodes for "The Vampire Diaries", "Pretty Little Liars", "90210" and "One Tree Hill".
On October 12, 2011, The CW ordered a full season of twenty-two episodes. On May 11, 2012 The CW cancelled the series.
Reception.
Critical reception.
The pilot has been met with mixed reviews, with Metacritic giving a score of 55 out of a 100 based on 20 critics. Lloyd Roberts of the "Los Angeles Times" thought the pilot was "splendidly rendered; effective in the expected ways in a way that makes you forget you expected them." He then wrote "Director Liz Friedlander aims not just for creepiness but for a tremulous sense of beauty that reflects the heightened sensibilities and hair-trigger sensitivities of adolescence" and appreciated the actors "who are good to look at, but also bring a little soul to their roles."
Phoebe Tonkin's performance was well received by critics; she was featured on "Variety"'s list of new faces to watch and named one of 2011 Breakout TV Stars by E! Online.
Cancellation and fan campaign.
On May 11, 2012, the CW cancelled the series, despite being the network's third-highest rated performer. Following the show's cancellation, a formal fan-led campaign website titled 'Save The Circle' was launched. A letter-writing campaign, targeted at the CW, aimed to encourage the CW to re-consider bringing back the show for a midseason slot. Campaigns were also launched at other TV networks whose target demo matched those of The CW—MTV, ABC Family, and Syfy. 
Fans donated between $1–10 to the Make a Wish Foundation in the name of MTV; this aimed to attach a good cause to the campaign while getting MTV's attention. "The Secret Circle" executive producer, Andrew Miller, auctioned a signed poster of the show's cast in support of the campaign. In the end, over $7,000 was raised. The campaign targeted at ABC Family asked fans to donate money to fund a delivery of 325,000 golden plastic coins to the network's headquarters. The coins were symbolic of a 'cloaking coin' that belonged to one of the main characters, Adam Conant's grandfather in the episode "Traitor". The metaphor was that The CW 'cloaked' the show by cancelling it, and fans wanted ABC Family to 'uncloak' the show by picking it up.
A letter-writing campaign to Syfy was also launched, but ultimately the 'Save The Circle' campaign leaders decided against pursuing the network further due to budgetary concerns. Following the announcement that Warner Bros. had unsuccessfully entered talks with ABC Family about picking up the show and that the series would not be shipped to another network, campaigning targeting potential networks for a pick-up ceased.
Nevertheless, a new campaign, aimed at Warner Bros, was launched following the announcement that the series' first season would not be released on DVD or Blu-ray. As of September 2012, "The Secret Circle" is available on Netflix for immediate streaming. A music project was launched, with the aim of developing and distributing a full-length album of 10 fan songs online and making them available for free download. Fans were asked to either submit an audio recording of themselves singing their own songs, or send in lyrics for potential use. Petitions were also set up, in hope that they will bring back the series. The three main campaigns together, as of June 24, 2012, amass over 85,500 signatures. Since the show was canceled, fans have voted it "the show that will be missed most" or "Most Shocking Cancellation" in a number of polls, including E!, Clique Clack, Hypable, Spoiler TV, TV Fanatic, TV.com, and Zap2it.

</doc>
<doc id="31050785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050785" title="Horta premetro station">
Horta premetro station

Horta premetro station is part of the Brussels Metro, situated in the Saint-Gilles commune of the Brussels capital region, Belgium.
Opened on 3 December 1993, the station forms part of a southerly extension to the north-south premetro line (formerly line 3), which originally linked the Brussels-North railway station and Brussels-South railway station. Located on the Chaussée de Waterloose/Steenweg op Waterloo, the underground station serves the 3, 4, 33 and 51 trams while the 81, 83 and 97 trams and 48 bus stop 100 m to the north-west around the Barrière de Saint-Gilles.
An underground car park occupies the space between the platforms and the park above. The station is odd in that it can only be reached from the eastern end, at the entrance on the Chaussée de Waterloo/Waterloosesteenweg, whereas no entrance was built leading to Place van Meenen/Van Meenenplein, which would have eased access to the town hall.
The station is named for Art Nouveau architect Victor Horta, who designed a number of significant buildings in the area. Decorative ironwork and stained glass designed by Horta for the Maison du Peuple/Volkshuis and Hôtel Aubecq, which were demolished in the 1950s and 1960s, is on display in the station.
The interior tilework is grey. The station is a favourite hangout for adolescents, and the STIB/MIVB security officers, community wardens and police are often in attendance. On 22 January 2012, the station suffered a graffiti attack of such scale - paint had been splashed carelessly all the way along the walls - that it was closed for 24 hours while it was cleaned.

</doc>
<doc id="31050794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050794" title="Georgiy Basharin">
Georgiy Basharin

Georgiy Prokopievich Basharin (), March 21, 1912 - April 18, 1992) was a Sakha (Yakut) historian, professor, public figure, an honorable scholar of the Sakha Republic (Yakutia) and of the Russian Federation, the first Laureate of the A.E. Kulakovsky State Prize, Sakha Republic (Yakutia).
Biography.
Basharin was born in Sylan village, Churapchinsky district, Sakha Republic (Yakutia), Russia, in a large poor peasant family. He was introduced to literacy at the age of 17 during the illiteracy eradication campaign initiated by the Soviet state. In 1932 Basharin became a student of the Yakutsk Pedagogical College and then transferred to the History department inside the newly established Yakutsk Pedagogical Institute. In 1937 he continued his education at the Moscow State Pedagogical Institute. Upon his graduation, in 1938, Basharin returned to his homeland to teach at the Yakutsk Pedagogical Institute.
On September 10, 1943, he successfully defended his dissertation () titled "The Three Yakut Realists-Enlighteners", which analyzed the lives and work of the founders of the Sakha national literature—Alexey Kulakovsky, Anempodist Sofronov, and Nikolay Neustroev. During Stalin's totalitarian era, these three enlighteners had been accused of bourgeois nationalism and their writings were prohibited. Basharin's dissertation, published as a separate book in 1944, became a scholarly triumph over erroneous political accusations of the founders and classics of Sakha literature. The history of its appearance and the political struggle that unfolded around it became the example of courage, fight for the historical truth and decency, defense of the national pride of the Sakha people and their best representatives. In 1949 Basharin has defended his doctoral dissertation ()"The History of Agrarian Relations in Yakutia (from the 1760's to mid-19th century)" and became the first ethnic Sakha to obtain a doctoral degree. His dissertation was published as a book in 1956 and republished in two separate volumes in 2003. In 1952 Basharin was accused of "bourgeois nationalism" for rehabilitating the prohibited Sakha national writers. He was excluded from the Communist Party, deprived of his academic degrees and his job. The accusations were dismissed in 1962. Shortly after, Basharin defended his doctoral dissertation for the second time. After his name was cleared, Basharin worked as a dean of the History and Philology Department, a Professor of the Yakutsk State University, and a researcher at the Yakutsk Institute of Humanitarian Studies, previously known as Institute of Language, Literature and History.
Work.
Basharin is the author of 18 monographs and over 400 scholarly papers. He devoted his life to investigating key problems regarding the socio-cultural, economic, and political life of the Sakha republic, including:

</doc>
<doc id="31050825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050825" title="Jens Schanche">
Jens Schanche

Jens Schanche (1717 – 1787) was a Norwegian postmaster who contributed significantly to the development of postal services in Norway. He was instrumental in the transition from post transport being a duty imposed on farmers, to the use of contractors. Schanche was given the title post controller, and later chancellor advisor (). 

</doc>
<doc id="31050832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050832" title="Karawi">
Karawi

Karawi is an Arabic surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31050842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050842" title="Rafael Bermúdez">
Rafael Bermúdez

Rafael Bermúdez (born October 13, 1978 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Unión San Felipe of the Primera División in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31050847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050847" title="Michael Weiner (referee)">
Michael Weiner (referee)

Michael Weiner (born 21 March 1969 in Ottenstein) is a German football referee.
Football career.
Weiner was entitled to take charge of matches in DFB-administered leagues in 1993. Two years later, he was promoted to the 2. Bundesliga before eventually working his first Bundesliga match in 1998. 
In 2002, Weiner was admitted to the FIFA list of referees. He was one of the referees at the 2003 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. He has been in charge of 16 international matches until this date. 
Weiner was the referee of the 2006–07 DFB-Pokal Final between VfB Stuttgart and 1. FC Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="31050849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050849" title="Kıraç">
Kıraç

Kıraç is a Turkish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31050855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050855" title="Phoenix Indian School">
Phoenix Indian School

The Phoenix Indian School, or Phoenix Indian High School in its later years, was a Bureau of Indian Affairs-operated school in Encanto Village, in the heart of Phoenix, Arizona. It served lower grades also from 1891 to 1935, and then served as a high school thereafter. It opened in 1891 and closed in 1990 at the orders of the federal government. During its existence, it was the only non-reservation BIA school in Arizona.
The Phoenix Indian School Historic District, a portion of the campus that contains some of the most historic buildings, became part of the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
History.
1891—1931: Phoenix Indian School.
19th century.
After a year-long search for a school site, the Indian School opened in 1891 on 160 acres of land. Up until 1931, the federal "assimilation" policy that sought to regimentalize and culturally exterminate Native American students was in place.
Physical growth was the major theme in the 1890s as the school opened. Growth in students was quick to come under superintendents Wellington Rich and Harwood Hall. By 1896 there were 380 students, in comparison to just 100 at its 1891 founding. It had twelve buildings, including a "girls building" designed by prominent local architect J.M. Creighton (built 1892) and a Victorian-style hospital (built mid-1890s). However, the focus on growing the school didn't mean that the assimilation was occurring or meeting federal expectations. Some students did learn to speak English, however there were only four academic teachers by 1897. 
Vocational training was instead the emphasis: boys learned business skills and girls domestic skills. To that end, officials instituted the "outing system," which was loosely modeled after the outing program Richard Henry Pratt had instituted at Carlisle Indian Industrial School; students worked at off-campus jobs to gain experience and earn money, as well as to help assimilate them. However, unlike Carlisle, the students did not live with one particular family, but were instead cheap contract labor. Due to several incidents and the abuses that would later be critical in changing the course of PIS's history, the idea of assimilation through employment quickly went out the window at PIS as it became a way for white Phoenix employers to procure cheap Native American labor.
In 1897, another new superintendent took the role at PIS, Samuel McCowan. He continued an emphasis on increasing enrollment but also realized that academics had to improve. He diversified the student body, recruiting Mojaves and Hopis from all over the southwest. The aggressive recruitment that closed the 1890s made PIS the second largest school in the federal system, with over 700 students. Overcrowding accompanied the rapid growth, and during McCowan's tenure, he built new dormitories and employee residences. 
20th century.
A Mission Revival style auditorium was designed in 1901 and constructed the next year. As increasing enrollment made it clear to administrators that a dining hall was needed, the design modifications to turn the auditorium into one were performed in 1903 and a kitchen was built in 1904. The Dining Hall is the oldest extant building on the PIS campus.
1902 brought another new superintendent, Charles Goodman. He inherited a stable school with 56 employees (12 of which were teachers) and a 24-building campus surrounded by of farm land. A series of major events took place in his tenure (which lasted until 1915), including a major tuberculosis outbreak, but Goodman's time as superintendent was also characterized with the first real progress in graduating students. By 1915, a total of 175 students had received diplomas from the PIS – none had done so before 1901. This was just under five percent of the student body, but it proved from a federal perspective that assimilation was finally occurring.
During this time period in PIS's history, various techniques were used to attempt better assimilation – new students were organized into military companies, given a uniform and work clothes, and marched to and from classes after starting at 5am.
Serving in World War I.
John B. Brown became superintendent in 1915. Assimilation continued to make progress, reflected in Native American participation in the military. Male students were receptive to military service after being regimented at the school. In 1912, Arizona formed Company F in its state National Guard, the first all-Indian unit in the nation, composed of older PIS students and former students. Despite not being citizens, many students and alumni volunteered to fight in World War I. Within four months of President Woodrow Wilson's declaration of war on Germany in April 1917, 64 PIS students and alumni volunteered to serve in the army and navy. Upon returning from border duty near Naco, Company F became part of the 158th Infantry Regiment, Fortieth Division. Their distinguished combat helped to change attitudes in Washington about Native Americans, leading eventually to the Indian Citizenship Act being signed into law on June 2, 1924.
In direct response to this successful assimilation, the federal government authorized the construction of the Memorial Hall and War Memorial in 1922. The Mission Revival style structure was built for $50,000, and students provided much of the labor. It replaced the original auditorium – now the Dining Hall. Memorial Hall saw use for general assemblies, graduations, and theatrical productions. The War Memorial, just south, commemorated the founding of the school and the service of its students.
Assimilation fades.
Though Superintendent Brown was personally committed to assimilation, the environment began to change in the 1920s. After 1915, Indian schools began to face troubles, such as overcrowding and budget cuts. Discipline problems increased, and the quality of student health care at Indian schools nationwide declined. In response to these issues, a reform movement began in the early 1920s led by John Collier.
Eventually, in 1928, "The Problem of Indian Administration" (the Meriam Report) was published. W. Carson Ryan's section on education criticized all "Indian" education in the United States, especially the non-reservation schools. It called for an end to assimilation.
At PIS, Superintendent Brown, a career Indian Service educator, held his ground. He sought to ameliorate the school's image by reforming the outing system, which by 1920 had become something very different. Most PIS students worked on weekends and during the summer, and most of the people sent out were non-students. Brown sought to enhance this, and in 1922, he declared that the school would be responsible for all Native American employment in Phoenix.
In 1929, assimilationist Indian Commissioner Charles H. Burke resigned under pressure from reformers. He was replaced by Charles J. Rhoads, who was committed to enacting the reforms of the Meriam Report. Rhoads and Collier began to have disputes; Collier's reformers felt that Rhoads was moving too methodically. Rhoads issued circular number 2556 in 1930 allowing some forms of punishment at Indian schools to maintain order. The disputes came to a head; Collier found the action a backwards step and challenged Rhoads by bringing information concerning brutality at PIS to the forefront.
In May 1930, the Senate Subcommittee on Indian Affairs held a meeting over the allegations. Collier argued that PIS was not just guilty of brutal treatment but of mismanagement as well. The charges were never proven, and there was never a definitive conclusion, but the hearing helped bring about changes, such as the appointment of W. Carson Ryan as Director of Indian Education in September 1930. A reorganization of the Indian Service that followed allowed Meriam Report reformers to ascend to top posts in the education bureau.
Brown remained at the PIS, but his days were quickly numbered by the damage sustained to his reputation. In April 1931, the Subcommittee held additional hearings in Arizona about conditions at PIS. Brown lost any remaining support and retired in July 1931.
At this critical juncture, the grammar school building, built in an understated Moderne style, was constructed.
1931—1990: Phoenix Indian High School.
New PIS era.
Carl H. Skinner succeeded John Brown as superintendent of the Phoenix Indian School in 1931. He had a doctorate in education and no experience in the Indian Service. Under Skinner and with the assistance of new Indian Bureau chief John Collier, the facility was modernized; the old guard faded away; and waste was eliminated. Two of his first changes had some of the largest impact. The military discipline was no more; students did not have to wear uniforms, and the band no longer marched students into the dining hall. As reservation day schools were built, the lower grades at PIS were discontinued. This brought the enrollment down from 950 in 1928 to 425 in 1936. From here on out the Phoenix Indian School served grades 7-12.
The 1930s PIS curriculum emphasized vocational education, such as masonry; carpentry; and painting. However, the prevailing Great Depression reduced urban employment for Native Americans. The agricultural program was expanded to help students who wished to return to the reservation.
World War II—going mainstream.
World War II had an indelible impact at PIS. Native Americans and PIS students participated in the war effort both at home and abroad. Many Native Americans volunteered or were drafted, serving in all branches of the military in the Pacific and European theaters. Students who stayed home bought war bonds and participated in blood drives.
It was also World War II and the widespread rate of service that brought Native American illiteracy to the forefront. Some Navajo ex-servicemen went to Washington in 1946 to ask that treaty obligations over education were met. In 1947, the Special Navajo Program was created, in which Navajo children attended five years of school to receive an 8th-grade education.
The SNP led to major growth at PIS. 200 Navajo children enrolled in the first year, and more students participated every year until 1958, when the PIS had 427 Navajos and 600 regular students. By the time the SNP was closed in 1963, several thousand students had taken part.
The major growth at PIS led to overcrowding. There was a lack of space at the school, and many buildings dated back to the 1890s and were obsolete. In response, Glenn Lundeen, the school's superintendent, asked for a BIA review of the campus in 1952. A building plan was adopted, and for the next 13 years, the BIA campus was modernized. Eight new dormitories, an administration building, a materials center, five science lab classrooms, a warehouse, and nine home economics/vocational classrooms were built as part of the construction blitz at this time.
The curriculum also began to change, as between 1947 and 1965, the federal government began the "termination policy" which centered on ending federal responsibility for reservations. Emphasis was placed on integrating Native Americans into mainstream America as well as teaching Native Americans skills useful in city jobs. Girls were taught typing and cosmetology, and boys could take new math and science classes. The North Central Association, which accredits high schools, accredited the school in 1960. The school also became known as the Phoenix Indian High School. It became a member of the Arizona Interscholastic Association, the governing body for high school sports in Arizona. The earliest AIA enrollment records for the Phoenix Indian School date to 1967, when the school had 885 students.
By this time, the area bounded by Central Avenue, 7th Street, Indian School Road, and Camelback Road was home to four high schools: Catholic Brophy College Preparatory and Xavier College Preparatory, the public Central High School, and Phoenix Indian High School. In 1971, the schools served 4,600 students combined, and in 1984, they combined for a total of 5,000 students.
To closure.
As the United States changed in the 1960s and early 1970s, the upheaval affected students at PIHS. Students regained their interest in their Native American identity, as seen in the growth of tribal clubs. At the same time, students and teachers began to question how "Indian" education emphasized some skills only useful in white culture. With the passage of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975, Native Americans could finally have more of a voice at BIA schools. The self-determination trend showed that non-reservation boarding schools were expendable. For most of the early 1970s, enrollment at PIS declined to a stable number of about 550 students, held through the mid-1980s.
In 1982, the Indian Bureau announced it would close the Indian School, but this was delayed because the Hopi and Papago tribes did not have their own high schools. By 1987, with the opening of Hopi Junior/Senior High School in Keams Canyon and Tohono O'odham High School in Sells, this situation was rectified. PIS closed its doors for the last time in the spring of 1990. In its final year, the PIS had only 80 students, a far cry from the 638 it held in 1985.
The name remains on Indian School Road, an important Phoenix arterial street, and in Steele Indian School Park.
Architecture.
The original buildings on the Phoenix Indian School campus were built in Victorian Queen Anne style. However, the oldest remaining building, the Dining Hall, bucked this trend. Both the Dining Hall and Memorial Auditorium were constructed in Mission Revival style, in 1902 and 1922, respectively. They are the only Mission Revival buildings on the PIS campus, and no use of Mission Revival in Arizona before the Dining Hall's construction has been documented. The two buildings are considered "the best ... Mission Revival auditoria ... in the Southwest." (They are the only Mission Revival auditoria in Arizona.) By the time the Memorial Hall had been built, most of Mission Revival's elements had been replaced by Spanish Colonial Revival details.
Its use by the federal government is also uncommon. From 1897 to 1912, all federal buildings were designed and built under the responsibility of the supervising architect for the U.S. Treasury Department, James Knox Taylor. During a time when the Historicist Neoclassical style was the common one for federal buildings, the Dining Hall is the only known Mission Revival federal building. A specific architect has not been identified. It was built for $7,500.
Brick was used as a primary material for the first building as well as the second. After the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, most buildings in this style were constructed of concrete. The use of brick at Memorial Hall shows "a complete lack of understanding" of the evolution of the style.
The building for the lower grades was modified on the interior to house the band, but it retains its 1931 Moderne exterior.
New park.
The school's campus and buildings, after its 1990 closure, sat vacant for several years. The city of Phoenix obtained the land in 1996 in a land exchange that involved the Barron Collier Company and the federal government. Barron Collier established a $35 million trust fund for Native American children, and the city converted the campus into Steele Indian School Park, which opened in 2001. 
The three NRHP-listed buildings and large pond make up its landmark core. The park's design pays homage to the site's Native American history. Many of the design elements reflect Native American concepts of life, earth and the universe. 
The 75-acre Park includes the Bird Lake, the outdoor amphitheater with seating for 1,500 people, the Entry Garden featuring desert native plants and Native American poems in the ramps, the Phoenix Green shady oasis area with meandering walkways, and a Neighborhood Park with recreation, sports, and picnicing features. 

</doc>
<doc id="31050893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050893" title="Resperion">
Resperion

Resperion is a company based in Scottsdale, Arizona that is involved in the creation and development of a variety of products used in road construction, soil stabilization, dust control, and natural paving alternatives.
The company’s main focus is on the modification of asphalt with its IntegraBase product. IntegraBase alters the chemical structure of asphalt, improving strength, temperature performance and longevity of roads. IntegraBase is only used in the sub-layers of pavement design (base/binder courses).
The company attracted a lot of global attention in 2003 when its IntegraBase product was selected for use in the Kabul-Kandahar Highway in Afghanistan, funded by USAID and contracted by the Louis Berger Group.
History.
Resperion, originally named Chemcrete USA, was formed in 1999 to manufacture, market and sell the Chemcrete Asphalt Modifier. Chemcrete was originally invented in the early 1980s in Abu Dhabi to stabilize sand mixes with bitumen. The original Chemcrete Technology had also been owned by both Koch Materials Company and Lubrizol at different times. The name change to Resperion, and the renaming of the Chemcrete product to IntegraBase occurred in 2004.
Solutions.
Asphalt Modification.
Resperion’s IntegraBase modifier increases the strength of hot mix asphalt Base and Binder courses while also improving fatigue life. The increased strength from the binding technology enables thickness reductions while reducing costs and time needed to build without sacrificing any performance or longevity of the pavement. IntegraBase also provides for improved high temperature performance, retaining strength in warm temperatures while withstanding typically deleterious thermal cycling. IntegraBase’s binding technology also improves wet strength and improves water stripping properties (separation of the bitumen from the aggregate). The binding strength of IntegraBase also enables the construction of roads with marginal aggregates, allowing contractors to use local materials.
IntegraBase is a multi-metallic catalyst (MMC) in asphalt soluble form. When mixed with asphalt cement and aggregates, this catalyst initiates a series of chemical reactions which ultimately cross link the asphalt molecules and consume the catalyst; this reaction creates an Organic Metallic Complex, the strongest bond in all of chemistry. The new higher-molecular-weight materials created are extremely resistant to heat and heavy loads. They also exhibit superior water resistance and anti-stripping properties.
Dust Control/Soil Stabilization.
Resperion’s IntegraSeal is a 100% natural product based on a Tall Oil Pitch emulsion used to bind soil for a number of applications including dust control, erosion control, soil stabilization, haul roads.
Natural Paving.
Resperion also has solutions based on their Tall Oil Pitch emulsion which can be used to construct 100% natural pavements as well as being used with Recycled Asphalt as a substitute for bitumen.
Notable Projects.
Kabul/Kandahar Highway Project.
IntegraBase was used to modify the basecourse of the Kabul-Kandahar highway in 2003. IntegraBase enabled the Louis Berger Group to modify the original pavement design for the road, eliminating a sub layer of aggregate and decreasing the original basecourse thickness of 14 inches to 8 inches. With the use of the modifier, the Louis Berger Group was able to use local aggregates in the mix design. It was estimated that the use of the IntegraBase product saved $90 million for the project from the reduction of asphalt used, the use of river run-gravel, and the decreased time of construction.
The Kabul-Kandahar highway was in major disrepair due to over two decades of war and neglect. The United States funded the repair and rebuilding of 389 kilometers of road, while Japan funded 50 kilometers. 43 kilometers of the highway were already usable prior to the repairs. The rebuilding project was overseen by the Louis Berger Group, with assistance in planning and design by Turkish and Indian engineers. Phase one of paving was completed in December 2003 and the highway was opened to traffic. The journey used to take travelers two days but now takes about 6 hours.
State Route 138 (California).
IntegraBase is being tested by Caltrans in their quest to construct higher quality and longer lasting roads. Resperion and Caltrans have been working together for numerous years in an attempt to refine the technical guidance and specifications written for higher strength asphalt concrete base in order to allow its routine use cost effectively on California State Highway projects. Caltrans utilized IntegraBase in the basecourse in a section of State Route 138 near Palmdale, CA in 2006/2007.
Leadership.
Josh Benveniste – CEO
Product Distribution.
Resperion sells its products globally through a vast array of partnerships and distributors.

</doc>
<doc id="31050905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050905" title="Ralph Bell">
Ralph Bell

Ralph Albert "Lefty" Bell (November 6, 1890 – October 18, 1959) was a professional baseball pitcher from 1909 to 1916. He appeared in three Major League Baseball games for the Chicago White Sox in 1912. Bell was 5 feet, 11 inches tall and weighed 170 pounds.
Career.
Bell was born in Kahoka, Missouri, in 1890. He started his professional baseball career in 1909. That season, he pitched for two minor league teams and won nine games for each. He was then purchased by the National League's New York Giants and went to spring training with them in early 1910, but he was unable to make the team for the regular season. Instead, Bell spent the 1910 season with the Western Association's Joplin Miners. In 33 games for Joplin, he went 21-7 and led the league in wins. The Miners finished the season in first place with a record of 90-34 and is considered one of the greatest minor league teams of all-time.
The following season, Bell pitched for the Central Association's Burlington Pathfinders and won 21 games again. After starting 1912 with a record of 12-8, he was purchased by the Chicago White Sox of the American League. He made three relief appearances for the White Sox in July and allowed six earned runs in six innings. He then returned to the minors. In 1913, while playing for the Northern League's Winona Pirates, Bell set a career-high in wins, with 28. No other pitcher in the league had more than 20. He played for Winona again in 1914 and won 15. He then joined the Northern League's Fargo-Moorhead Graingrowers, and in 1915 he went 22-13 to lead his league in wins for the third and final time.
Bell's professional baseball career ended after the 1916 season. Overall, he went 156-90 in the minor leagues for a career .634 winning percentage. Bell died in Burlington, Iowa, in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="31050930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050930" title="List of French films of 2011">
List of French films of 2011

A list of films produced in France in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31050958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050958" title="Sebastian Wurth">
Sebastian Wurth

Sebastian Wurth (born 21 July 1994 in Wipperfürth, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German singer and was a participant in season 8 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar, making it to the Top 5.
Biography.
Early life.
Sebastian was born in Wipperfürth, North Rhine-Westphalia on 21 July 1994. He is a fan of Bayern Munich. He has already tried to be a songwriter. In his free time, he plays soccer, goes bowling, and likes to go to the cinema. He has a scooter. If his music career does not work out, he would like to study medicine or acting.
Deutschland sucht den Superstar.
He was the youngest participant in season 8. Dieter Bohlen sees great potential in him. He is often compared with Justin Bieber because of their similar hair styles. RTL received a statement from the Office of Public Safety stating that Sebastian Wurth was not allowed to participate after 10 PM. RTL also received a 15,000 Euro fine for allowing him to participate after 10 PM.
Post-DSDS.
Sebastian Wurth released his first single called "Hard to Love You". Sebastian is working with Tom Hugo and Erik Nyholm. Wurth has started a joint project with fellow DSDS alumni Dominik Büchele. Wurth stated that he miss the hype from DSDS. He does occasional appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="31050965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050965" title="USS SC-34">
USS SC-34

USS "SC-34", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 34" or USS "S.C. 34", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-34" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 9 January 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 34", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 34".
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 34" was classified as SC-34 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-34".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-34" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31050980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050980" title="Ruth Edmonds Hill">
Ruth Edmonds Hill

Ruth Edmonds Hill is an African-American scholar, oral historian, oral storytelling editor, journal editor, educator, historic preservation advocate and spouse of Dr. Hugh Morgan Hill who is also known as Brother Blue. Ruth Edmonds Hill is sometimes known as Sister Ruth. Her oral history office is part of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study of Harvard University. She is an iconic figure among oral storytellers, particularly in the United States but also abroad, and has advised storytellers' organizations. Ruth Edmonds Hill is the daughter of Florence Edmonds of western Massachusetts, whose life story is chronicled and has been critically analyzed as part of African-American oral history. Hill has degrees from Simmons College and the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Hill is most widely known among oral history researchers for conducting the Black Women Oral History Project at the Arthur and Elizabeth Schlesinger Library on the History of American Women at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study which has often been cited within related fields of study in journal articles, dissertations, and in panel discussions and has been acclaimed as a pioneering work in its genre.
Hill has also made oral history field recordings, including guided interviews, of Cambodians, Chinese Americans and other ethnic and socioelect communities, traveling widely in research as well as conference participation.
After the death of her husband Brother Blue in 2009, Ruth Edmonds Hill hosted Memorial Tributes in the Blue Circle community of artists, ministers and educators formed during his lifetime and from his joint opus with Ruth Edmonds Hill, most recently in 2010.
Personal genealogy and historic conservation.
In addition to being the daughter of health care specialist Florence Edmonds (1889–1983) of Pittsfield, Massachusetts, who was later chosen to be among the subjects of the Black Women Oral History Project which Ruth Edmonds Hill conducted, Hill is the great-granddaughter of Reverend Samuel Harrison (born April 15, 1818, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to enslaved parents, died August 11, 1900, Pittsfield, Massachusetts), pastor of the Second Congregational Church in Pittsfield and of Sanford Street Congregational Church (now St. John's Congregational Church) in Springfield, Massachusetts, who successfully crusaded to obtain equal pay for black soldiers serving in the Union Army during the Civil War.
Reverend Harrison served as chaplain of the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, the first all-black infantry regiment to see action in the Civil War, whose exploits were dramatized in the motion picture "Glory". Reverend Harrison also served as Chaplain of the W.W. Rockwell Post of the Grand Army of the Republic.
In May 2004, Ruth Edmonds Hill and her husband, Brother Blue, met with Pittsfield residents interested in conserving, as a historic site, the modest 19th century Samuel Harrison House at 82 Third Street in the Morningside neighborhood (plot purchased by Harrison 1852 for $50, house completed and occupied by the Harrison family fall 1858) which was Reverend Harrison's homestead. The City of Pittsfield had moved to demolish the structure, which was in poor condition. Hill petitioned the Massachusetts Historical Commission, citing her great-grandfather's works and "lifelong pioneering spirit," and the Commission denied the City's motion for demolition. The Samuel Harrison Society's preservation initiative gained support as a consequence of the documentary "A Trumpet at the Walls of Jericho: The Untold Story of Samuel Harrison" by filmmaker Mike Kirk which PBS television aired in February, 2005. Congressman John Olver secured a Save America’s Treasures matching grant of $246,000 for the Samuel Harrison Society, starting endowment of the preservation project, and the initiative which Hill had placed into historic conservation procedures resulted in the Samuel Harrison House being designated a National Register of Historic Places landmark on March 22, 2006, a National Park Service "Save America’s Treasures" Preservation Project, and a Massachusetts Historical Commission Preservation Project. On August 22, 2008, Ruth Edmonds Hill participated in groundbreaking ceremonies to mark the official start of renovation work on the Samuel Harrison House. After renovations costing $500,000, the house's new function became that of a black museum.
The Black Women Oral History Project.
In the mid 1970s, the Radcliffe College Schlesinger Library on the History of Women in America responded to recommendations that selected memoirs of older living black women be collected and made available by opening The Black Women Oral History Project. Ruth Edmonds Hill and a team of black oral history interviewers recorded 71 subjects from 1976 to 1981, with work continuing after these first case studies.
Subjects of the Black Women Oral History Project.
Some oral histories published or exhibited by Ruth Edmonds Hill as part of the Black Women Oral History Project at the Schlesinger Library, which houses the archives of their recorded and vita materials, include those of:
Subsequently, the lives and statements of these subjects are individually treated in literature secondary to the Black Women Oral History Project's reports.

</doc>
<doc id="31050992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050992" title="Texas City Terminal Railway">
Texas City Terminal Railway

The Texas City Terminal Railway is an American terminal railroad that operates of track at the Port of Texas City in Texas City, Texas. Established in 1921, the TCTR is jointly owned by the Union Pacific Railroad and BNSF Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="31050996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31050996" title="Zahid">
Zahid

Zahid is a given name for males. People named Zahid include:

</doc>
<doc id="31051009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051009" title="Cristian Alessandrini">
Cristian Alessandrini

Cristian Alessandrini (born May 27, 1985 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Cobreloa of the Primera División in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31051034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051034" title="George Washington Jones House">
George Washington Jones House

George Washington Jones House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31051044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051044" title="Éliane de Meuse">
Éliane de Meuse

Éliane Georgette Diane de Meuse (9 August 1899 – 3 February 1993) was a Belgian painter. She was the wife of Max Constant Armand Van Dyck. They attended together the courses of the same professors at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts, Brussels.
Biography.
Eliane de Meuse took her first drawing lessons at the age of fourteen with Ketty Hoppe, the wife of the Belgian painter Victor Gilsoul.
She also trained in the studio of the genre painter Guillaume van Strydonck, member of "Les XX" and James Ensor's friend. At the same time, she received advices from the sculptor Marcel Rau, Prix de Rome – 1908.
In 1916, Meuse decided to become a painter and joined L'Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts, Brussels. She there met the young painter Max Van Dyck, (23 December 1902, (Brussels – Schaerbeek) – 26 December 1992, (Brussels – Ixelles) and married him in 1922. The latter had won the great Prix de Rome (Belgium) in 1920 when he was only 17 years old, a sensational event widely commented in the Belgian press. He taught later the Decorative arts at the "Académie des beaux-arts d'Anderlecht" of which he eventually became the director.
At the Academy (ARBA, Brussels) Meuse was the student of the Symbolist painter Jean Delville and the portraitist Herman Richir.
From all these influences, her art developed into a style similar to Post-Impressionism, her subject matter including portraits, figures, marines, landscapes and still lifes. In some of her latest paintings underlying abstract structure can be observed.
Critics sensed that Eliane de Meuse had much inherited from the Belgian Luminism, movement born in the very early 20th century, which combined aspects of Realism (Realist visual arts), Impressionism and Neo-Impressionism. It got its name from the style of Emile Claus and of a few other painters, grouped in a circle called "Vie et Lumière" ("Life and light") from which Claus was one of the main founders.
Charles Bernard, the foremost Belgian critic at that time wrote he considered the art of Eliane de Meuse as aimed towards "a pure, clear artistic ideal, without any selfish motives". He very rightly felt that the artist did not belong to the Impressionism of Emile Claus, so close to French Pointillism, but that she was the spiritual daughter of James Ensor.
In an article published on 22 October 1936 in the "Nation belge", he commented Meuse's first exhibition in these words: "A discovery... an artist that reinvents James Ensor and Rik Wouter's impressionism, that enriches impressionism with new elements, in terms of richness and interpretation indicating the presence of a personality...
This exhibition took place in the "Palais des Beaux-Arts" (Centre for Fine Arts, Brussels), where a collection of paintings representing the outcome of fourteen years of dedication in the pursuit of personal expression was presented.
The same year, in Le Courrier d’Anvers, Sander Pierron, another influential critic, wrote he believed this young artist was called to a great destiny. He described Eliane de Meuse as a born colourist with a prodigious talent: " Since Rik Wouters such talent had not been observed... she is a colourist able to seize the tiniest variations of light and uses them with harmony as a musician should do with notes, displaying a personal feeling."
K. de Bergen also noted the interesting way to use the colour in her works and added that she demonstrates that: "the colour possesses its own truth".
Another critic signing his article by L. J. estimated that we must place Eliane de Meuse amongst the most sensitive painters like Édouard Manet or Marcel Jefferys.
In his monograph dedicated to Eliane de Meuse Paul Caso wrote that: "Every type of art work has been tackled, with a natural inclination for still lifes (frequently with wonderful flowers from her garden), the true nub of her work, often studied as a pile of objects, masks, flowers, draperies, many times assembled around the same chair of her studio, a chair which acquires a real personality, in an apparent disorder of forms and colours."
In 1921, she won the Prix Godecharle created in 1881 by Napoleon Godecharle, the son of Gilles-Lambert Godecharle. This prize gave her the opportunity to travel in Italy, the shock of a whole civilization, the ceaseless return to Renaissance sources.
Documentary broadcast on television.
"Personnalité à domicile : Éliane de Meuse" interviewed by Éric Russon, Télé-Bruxelles, 1991

</doc>
<doc id="31051048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051048" title="Handiwork 181">
Handiwork 181

Handiwork 181 is an experimental aircraft, which was built at Aviation Scientific-Technical Complex named by Oleh Antonov in Kyïv at the end of the 1980s.
An interesting feature of the plane is its unusual arc-shaped wing.

</doc>
<doc id="31051079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051079" title="1999 Asian Wrestling Championships">
1999 Asian Wrestling Championships

The 1999 Asian Wrestling Championships were held at the in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. The event took place from May 25 to May 30, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31051100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051100" title="Purna Das Baul">
Purna Das Baul

Puran Das Baul, popularly known as Purna Das Baul Samrat, (born 18 March 1933) is an Indian musician and singer, in Baul tradition. The artist is sometimes cited as Purna Chandra Das, though 'Purna Das Baul' is used to avoid confusion with other artists and individuals with the same name. He has traveled major 140 countries, throughout the world and presented the Baul tradition.
Family and background.
Purna Das Baul Samrat is perceived as the successor to the once wandering mendicant minstrels, the Bauls of Bengal, a historical territory which currently is divided between People's Republic of Bangladesh (previously East Bengal / East Pakistan) and the Indian state of West Bengal, and the neighboring Indian states of Bihar, Assam and Orissa. Das is a traditional surname among Bauls as well as in other members of the populace in this region.
Born in 1933 in Birbhum district, West Bengal, India, Purna Das Baul Samrat is the son of Nabini Das Kapha Baul and was born in the village of Ekchakka near Rampurhat in Birbhum. Purna Das's wife Manju Das Baul is both a Baul and a singer of Indian and Benagali folksongs in other traditions, and also a musicographer, principally in non-English idioms. Of Purna Das's three sons, Subhendu ("Beautiful Moon") Bapi Das Baul, is a musician who also works in the Baul tradition while concurrently branching out, musically, into global fusion, having lived for many years in France. Purna Das Baul Samrat's son Dibyendu Das Baul joined Purna Das Baul Samrat in the Baul Samrat's musical and liturgical troupe. the oldest son Krishnendu Das Baul, helped his father reaching all continents, and is himself a Baul, living in Canada.
Dr Rajendra Prasad, first President of the modern state of India acknowledged Purna Das as Baul Samrat in 1967. In this capacity, Purna Das Baul Samrat was awarded the Indian President’s Award by Shri K. R. Narayan, tenth President of India, in 1999.
Purna Das has also appeared in numerous films, and was personally fêted by Mick Jagger in England, and by Bob Dylan who told Purna Das that he himself would be 'the Baul of America'.

</doc>
<doc id="31051107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051107" title="Kunal Shah">
Kunal Shah

Kunal Shah (born as Kunal Dilipkumar Shah on 21 August 1976) is an Indian film actor who predominantly appears in Tamil-language films. Son of a businessman, Dilip Shah, he started his career as an actor in Nassar's film "Pop Carn"
He performed his first lead role in the 2003 musical film "Pop Carn", before rising to fame with his breakthrough performance in "Raam" (2005), which won an award at the Cyprus International Film Festival.
Career.
He made his feature film debut as a lead actor in 2003 with "Pop Carn" alongside known names like Mohanlal, Simran Bagga, Vivek, following which he essayed a negative role in "Raam" (2005). His first film "Pop Carn" failed to succeed at the box office. His subsequent release, Ameer's mystery thriller "Raam" eventually gained him recognition in the film industry. He was nominated by the"Filmfare Awards" and the Variety Film Awards for the film "Raam". Kunal next made an appearance in Prabu Solomon's "Laadam", after which he went on to doing some English Language films Such as Within The Mind's Eye and The Reunion.
Personal life.
Kunal Shah was born as Kunal to Dilip Shah and Bindu on 21 August1976 in Mumbai, Maharastra as the second oldest of 3 siblings. His older sister Dimple is a Fashion Designer, while his younger brother Pranav is an entrepreneur in the machinery industry.

</doc>
<doc id="31051136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051136" title="Advans Bank Tanzania">
Advans Bank Tanzania

Advans Bank Tanzania Limited, commonly known as Advans Bank Tanzania is a commercial bank in Tanzania. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by Bank of Tanzania, the national banking regulator.
Overview.
The bank is a small financial services provider that focuses on serving very small, small and medium-sized enterprises and the individuals who own them in Tanzania. It operates as a microfinance bank. In February 2011, the shareholders' equity was valued at about US$4.62 million (TZS:7.2 billion).
History.
Advans Bank Tanzania received a commercial banking license from the Bank of Tanzania in May 2010. In June 2010, the bank incorporated in its present form. In February 2011, the bank opened its first branch in Dar es Salaam, the capital city of Tanzania. Opening with a staff of eighteen, the bank plans to increase its staff numbers to sixty-nine by the end of 2011 and to open a second branch at another location in Dar es Salaam by 2012.
Ownership.
Advans Bank Tanzania is a joint venture between Advans SA, a venture capital firm registered in Luxembourg as majority shareholder and Netherlands Development Finance Company (FMO). Advans SA aims to establish microfinance financial institutions in emerging economies. Founded in 2005, Advans SA owns microfinance institutions in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Cameroon, Ghana, Cambodia, Cote d'Ivoire and Tanzania. , Advans SA has invested in excess of US$76 million (EUR:55 million), in the countries where they operate. The table below depicts the shareholding within Advans Bank Tanzania:
Branch Network.
, Advans Bank Tanzania maintains a network of branches at the following locations:
Governance.
The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Advans Bank Tanzania, is Brigette Laydeker.

</doc>
<doc id="31051174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051174" title="Newt Gingrich presidential campaign, 2012">
Newt Gingrich presidential campaign, 2012

Former U.S. Representative from Georgia and Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich began preparing for a possible campaign for the 2012 Republican Party nomination for President of the United States shortly following the 2010 midterm elections. He was politically active during the midterm elections, and helped several Tea Party-backed Republicans with his endorsements and fundraising abilities.
In early 2011, he chose to run for President and left his position as a political analyst for Fox News. He suffered campaign staff troubles in June but by November had revived his campaign through strong debate performances and the introduction of a new "Twenty-First Century Contract with America".
In November and early December 2011, Gingrich was the front-runner of the Republican primaries, gaining momentum in the early states of Iowa, Florida, and South Carolina. In one month, his campaign organization had enjoyed greater fund-raising success than it had in all its previous months put together, and polling found the electorate had a more favorable opinion of him among conservatives, Tea Partiers, and moderates, who had long been former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney's strongest constituency.
By December, however, Gingrich's polling success had attracted renewed media scrutiny. His support began to wane and he was fourth in the first two contests of the 2012 primary season held on January 3 and 10, a result attributed to a wave of opponent-financed attack ads. He subsequently focused his attention on front runner Romney, dubbing him a "timid Massachusetts moderate." After strong debate performances in the week prior to the South Carolina primary, he managed to revive his campaign by winning all of that southern state's delegates on January 21. Although Gingrich captured 32% of the vote in Florida on January 31, the Romney campaign took 46% to win Florida comfortably in the increasingly bitter contest. After low percentages of the votes in early February, the "Newt 2012" campaign counted on a strong showing in the March votes in the South, particularly in Alabama and Mississippi. Gingrich came a close second in both, and announced he would not drop out.
On April 25, 2012, he announced he would suspend his campaign on Tuesday, May 1 and endorse Mitt Romney. He withdrew from the race on Wednesday, May 2.
Background.
Gingrich was first elected to Congress in 1978, and served as Speaker of the House after helping to orchestrate the 1994 Republican Revolution in part with the "Contract With America". He stepped down as Speaker and resigned from the House in 1999. Since then, he has published several historical novels and served as a political consultant and recently as a Fox News contributor. He was previously speculated as a candidate in the 2008 election, and has supported the Tea Party Movement.
For most of 2010, Gingrich spent a considerable amount of time campaigning throughout the early primary states, particularly Iowa and New Hampshire. In 2011, he took part in the Conservative Political Action Conference, fueling further speculation of a potential run.
In March, speaking on the Christian Broadcasting Network about his past marital infidelity, he said he had made poor moral judgments and regretted that part of his past, for which he had sought God's forgiveness.
2011: campaign kick-off and developments.
Announcement.
Gingrich had maintained he would not officially decide whether or not to pursue the office of President until at least February 2011, and would announce his decision sometime in March. It was erroneously announced on May 1, 2011, that Gingrich had formed an exploratory committee, and officially announced the committee in Georgia after a meeting with Governor Nathan Deal. He actually launched an exploratory committee on May 3, when he started his new website.
The website, entitled "Newt Exploratory 2012", features a photo of Gingrich with his wife, Callista, superimposed over a background of flag-waving Americans. The Getty Images-licensed background was found to have been previously used on the website of the late Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts. He officially declared his run for President on May 11, 2011, through Twitter and YouTube, making him the first candidate in American history to do so.
"Meet the Press" interview.
On May 15, 2011, Gingrich was interviewed by David Gregory on "Meet the Press". Questioning Gingrich on the issue of entitlements, Gregory asked: "The Medicare trust fund, in stories that have come out over the weekend, is now going to be depleted by 2024, five years earlier than predicted. Do you think that Republicans ought to buck the public opposition and really move forward to completely change Medicare, turn it into a voucher program where you give seniors some premium support and—so that they can go out and buy private insurance?" Gingrich answered: "I don't think right-wing social engineering is any more desirable than left-wing social engineering. I don't think imposing radical change from the right or the left is a very good way for a free society to operate."
Perceived to be criticism of the Republican Party's plan to reform Medicare for the 2012 United States federal budget, the comments were met with backlash from the GOP and various political pundits. Sarah Palin, former Governor of Alaska and the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee, defended the former Speaker of the House on the Fox News Channel show "Hannity", stating Gingrich was a victim of gotcha journalism and that his apology was forced by the "lamestream media". Gingrich later said on CBS News's "Face the Nation" that he was not referring to Ryan but to a general principle "that neither party should impose on the American people something that they are deeply opposed to."
Staff resignations.
On June 9, 2011, Gingrich's campaign manager, his press secretary, and senior aides in early primary states resigned "en masse". One resigning aide, strategist Dave Carney, cited incompatibility between the candidate's vision of the campaign and that of the professional staff. "The New York Times" cited aides complaining of the influence of Gingrich's wife, Callista Gingrich, on the campaign, the candidate's unwillingness to devote more time to campaigning in early primary states, and recent spending on a chartered jet despite fundraising troubles. "Fox News" also reported that staff had argued with Gingrich over a luxury cruise in the Balkans, Greece and Turkey he took with his wife just before the resignations.
By late June 2011, the campaign was rumored to be $1 million in debt. Two of the aides had previously worked for Rick Perry, who was launching his own presidential bid. Gingrich vowed on his Facebook page the same day to begin his campaign "anew". He compared himself to Ronald Reagan and John McCain, who experienced large staff resignations during their presidential runs.
Revival.
Gingrich continued to campaign on a promise of restoring competitiveness to the United States, promising to eliminate the capital gains tax and slash corporate taxes. In August 2011, Gingrich called for the adoption of the Six Sigma business management model by the United States government, arguing that as much as half a trillion a year in waste could potentially be eliminated.
Gingrich began taking commercial flights and recruited professional volunteers to save money. By July 2011, he announced he had raised $2 million in the previous 3 months and was on-track to paying back his campaign debts. Gingrich said the hardest aspect of his campaign was fundraising, and stated that potential donors had been deterred by earlier media stories that he was not a serious candidate.
He told guests at a fund-raising dinner, "It's September and I'm here. Every day that goes by we're fund-raising. We will be on the road 24 days this month. I will be in 50 states. This campaign is fully underway." On the campaign trail, a former Republican Party chairman described him as "a wellspring of ideas" and an independent voter said his study of history was a "good credential".
Gingrich approached his political campaign based on a model from Walmart and McDonalds, saying that instead of carving a niche for himself from among his fellow Republican contenders, he would court nontraditional interest groups for the GOP, including Asian Americans and Latinos.
Reporters characterized him as "wonkish" and "unconventional" in his approach to campaigning; he spent hours discussing brain disorders such as Alzheimer's and autism with scientists, for instance, and spoke with voters on the importance of investing in brain science research. Gingrich was one of several candidates, including Mitt Romney, who did not contest the 2011 Ames Straw Poll. Gingrich did not purchase a booth or speaking slot at the Ames poll, and made no serious effort to win the Ames poll. He finished 8th out of 10 candidates listed.
Gingrich put effort into his Internet social networking, and developed a strong following on Facebook and Twitter. He also held a handful of video "hangouts" where he would have webcam discussions with potential voters. Politico found his Twitter account impressive, and wrote a positive article on how his Twitter account had developed to 1.3 million followers from its start in 2009. Gingrich posted 2 or 3 tweets per day, and included science and history in addition to political topics.
An anonymous former member of Gingrich's campaign staff said about 80% of the followers were inactive or invalid accounts, and that the campaign paid an Internet service to add followers. Gingrich's spokesman rejected the allegations as false and said his inclusion in the Suggested User List was "responsible for a large, but indeterminable amount of followers". ABC News identified two other "suggested" users, Gavin Newsom with 1.3 million, and John McCain with 1.7 million followers, suggesting it was not an anomaly.
Debates and polling.
"The Washington Post" reported Gingrich had a "solid performance" at the fifth Republican debate in Tampa, Florida. A CNN/ORC International poll released shortly after the sixth Republican debate in Orlando, Florida had Gingrich in third behind Perry and Romney. His former rival, Bill Clinton, suggested it was possible for Gingrich to pull off the same success that McCain had in 2008, saying, "The one thing that makes it very hard to count him out is he’s always thinking. He’s always got a bunch of new ideas and some of them are pretty good."
Gingrich increased his fundraising after consistently performing well in the Republican debates. Pollster Kellyanne Conway, who worked for Gingrich's American Solutions, reviewed his debate performances and said his focus and ability to stay on-point during the discussions helped him enormously, as compared to past speeches where he would entertain many different topics. In September 2011, he was able to increase his ground operations in Iowa, South Carolina, and New Hampshire. Tea Party founder Judson Phillips endorsed him, praising his "presidential" appearances at the debates.
Gingrich personally was in-favor of having unmoderated debates, and advocated for a series of Lincoln-Douglas style forums, which he believed would produce a better "adult Conversation with the American people." He explained, "It's difficult to get past the elite media's passion for trivia. It's difficult to deal with presidential debates that say, in 30 seconds, 'What's your position on balancing the budget?' You know, I don't think we're geared, outside maybe of C-SPAN, to the kind of conversations that we really need in order for the country to make decisions that are really very fundamental."
New "Contract with America".
Gingrich introduced a new "Contract with America" that he said would be "much bigger and much bolder" than his original 1994 Contract. Among his proposals would be a Balanced Budget Amendment, a strong training program for new hires in his administration, an individualized learning program for American students, and the signing of 50–100 executive orders beginning on his first day as president.
Mr. Gingrich proposed the building of a fence on the U.S.-Mexican border by January 1, 2014, telling a Tea Party audience it was long overdue, "We won the entire second World War in 44 months, and now in 25 years we can’t control the border when the entire Texas side of the border is a river."
He emphasized the balance of powers between the executive, judicial, and legislative branches, and proposed an elimination of policy czars and the reduction of power for the judiciary. Gingrich said the United States faced "an increasingly arrogant judiciary" and said that the Federalist Papers had established the judiciary as the "weakest of the three branches". Gingrich promoted a reduction in the size of the federal government, pushing for the states' rights authorized by the 10th Amendment.
Certain federal agencies, including the Department of Education, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Department of Homeland Security would be reduced or eliminated entirely, and federal programs such as student loans would be done by private companies instead of the government. He believes the EPA should be eliminated and replaced by a smaller agency which would be more aggressive in getting companies to use new science and technology to help the environment.
He opposed carbon pricing, which was especially unpopular among conservatives, saying it was an overreach of the EPA's authority. He said the EPA, which was founded in 1970 by Richard Nixon, a Republican, began on good conservative principles but has become too bureaucratic and litigation-focused to be successfully innovative. In particular, he is an advocate for nuclear power, and wants government regulations rewritten from an "outdated" model based on large complex nuclear plants so they take into consideration the systems inside smaller nuclear power plants.
Developments, November and December 2011.
By November 2011 Gingrich had moved ahead of Rick Perry in the polls, behind Mitt Romney and Herman Cain who were both contending for the lead. On November 10 an independent PAC not bound by FEC donation limits, Solutions 2012, was launched to fill the fundraising gap that existed since Gingrich's 527 group, American Solutions, closed down in August.
At a debate, Gingrich was pressed about his past relationship with Freddie Mac, as his consulting firm was paid $300,000 by Freddie in 2006. Gingrich said he did no lobbying for Freddie Mac, which was then under scrutiny by the White House, Alan Greenspan, and some Congressional Republicans ahead of the subprime mortgage crisis. Gingrich said he was approached by Freddie and told, "we are now making loans to people that have no credit history and have no record of paying back anything, but that’s what the government wants us to do," to which he replied, "This is insane." At the time, Freddie Mac had paid over 52 Congressmen as part of its Capitol Hill lobbying efforts. Gingrich's campaign conceded that Freddie Mac was interested in reaching out to more Republican lawmakers but said the contract terms precluded any lobbying.
Media investigations noted that Gingrich's relationship with Freddie Mac extended beyond 2006, with Bloomberg News revealing an earlier consulting contract that lasted from 1999 to 2002. It became apparent that Gingrich's consulting company had received $1.6 million from Freddie Mac.
Scrutiny of Gingrich's "inside the Beltway" ties continued with the "Washington Post" reporting on November 17 that the Center for Health Transformation, a private, for-profit think tank founded by Gingrich in 2003, made at least $37 million over 8 years by billing health care companies and industry groups who as members paid up to $200,000 annual fees. Although the Center denies lobbying, on its website the organization suggests that it can help clients bridge the link to government agencies and build a "network of allies" within the Federal and State governments.
In late November Gingrich received the endorsement of the New Hampshire newspaper the "Manchester Union Leader", which praised his "innovative, forward-looking strategy and positive leadership".
On December 1 Gingrich said confidently he would be the nominee, noting that recent polling had him surging in the early states of Iowa, South Carolina, and Florida, as well as closing on Mitt Romney in New Hampshire. A November 2011 CNN article by Democratic strategist Paul Begala was headlined "Newt Gingrich Would Be a Godsend to the Democrats", and Iowa Senator Tom Harkin (Democrat) said in December that a Gingrich nomination would be "heaven-sent" for President Obama's election campaign. Polling among likely Republicans found Gingrich ranked just as capable as Mitt Romney to defeat Obama, and received higher levels of enthusiasm from men, evangelical Christians, and conservatives, while Romney received more support from those who labeled themselves as moderates. Gingrich said Romney was a "competent man" and said he was considering Romney as a possible running mate.
As Herman Cain's campaign stumbled in November, Gingrich began polling at the top of the Republican field and received solid leads in early states, establishing himself as a frontrunner with serious opposition coming only from Mitt Romney. Romney's campaign attempted to paint Gingrich as "unstable" and "inconsistent", and bought TV ads in Iowa and New Hampshire against Gingrich.
After Romney suggested that Gingrich give back the money he was paid by Freddie Mac, Gingrich responded: "I would just say that if Gov. Romney would like to give back all the money he's earned from bankrupting companies and laying off employees over his years at Bain, then I would be glad to listen to him and I'll bet you $10 dollars – not $10,000 – that he won't take the offer."
This statement was criticised by conservative opinion leader Charles Krauthammer.
In late December, Gingrich picked up the endorsement of the most powerful Republican in New Hampshire, House Speaker Bill O'Brien, whose trip to Iowa to make the announcement underscored the national significance of the endorsement.
After having already failed to file the paperwork required for inclusion on the ballot in Missouri before the deadline, the Gingrich campaign also failed to meet the requirements to appear on the ballot in Virginia, leaving the state to the only two candidates who met the requirements, Mitt Romney and Ron Paul. Political scientist Larry Sabato observed that the filing failure was "yet another signal to Republicans that Gingrich is not able to organize.". At this point Patrick Millsaps was hired as the deputy general counsel to assist with these ballot access issues and to bring some much needed structure to the struggling campaign.
Statements on Palestinians, Arab-Israeli conflict, Iran, N. Korea.
Gingrich stirred international attention for an interview he gave to The Jewish Channel on December 9, 2011, in which he said "Palestinians are an 'invented' people" who could have chosen to live elsewhere. His comments differed from official U.S. policy which recognizes Palestinians as a people. The Palestinian Authority strongly disagreed with Gingrich's statements, which were common arguments among Zionist Jews in the early decades of Israel's existence, but have since been abandoned by mainstream Israelis.
The Republican field stated his statements might stir up trouble in a tumultuous region, but Gingrich stood firm by his comments, adding that Palestine never existed as a separate state and "Palestinians" did not gain common recognition until after 1977. Gingrich also took a hard line against Palestine's government, saying both Hamas and Fatah were intricately linked terrorist organizations and shared hostility towards the Jewish people.
Although Gingrich supports a two state solution to the Arab-Israeli conflict, Palestinians found his statements to be insensitive and insulting. An advisor to the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) suggested that Gingrich's information on the subject was obtained from "one-sided Israeli propaganda" published in the Palestinian Media Watch.
Gingrich's fears of a possible electromagnetic pulse attack in the United States received more media attention. In 2004, Gingrich had advocated that the United States create defense systems and carry out pre-emptive military strikes to prevent such a threat in front of the United States House of Representatives. In 2009, he gave a speech to AIPAC proposing attacks on Iranian and North Korean nuclear sites to prevent a possible nuclear disruption attack. The scientific community has been divided on the potential effects of such an attack, and there is skepticism as to how relevant the threat is in the post-Cold War era.
"Establishment" opposition.
Gingrich's rise to front-runner status provoked renewed skepticism from the party establishment and heavy scrutiny from conservative pundits, who questioned his character and his record. David Brooks argued that Gingrich is subject to "narcissism, self-righteousness, self-indulgence and intemperance" while George Will called him a "rental politician" who "embodies almost everything disagreeable about modern Washington." Peggy Noonan expressed concern that after winning the nomination in 2012 "and the GOP is fully behind him, he will begin baying at the moon."
A "National Review" magazine cover showing Gingrich as Marvin the Martian pokes fun at his support for U.S.-built moon bases. The magazine urged its readers not to vote for Gingrich, calling attention to his past marriages, his "irresolute action" as speaker, and his absence from government since 1998.
In the last few weeks before the Iowa caucuses, established Republican politicians came publicly for Romney and became more vocal against Gingrich, arguing that he was not as "electable" in a general election as Romney. Gingrich received such criticisms from Peter T. King and Nikki Haley, and from pundits Glenn Beck, George Will, Charles Krauthammer, Brit Hume, and Jonah Goldberg. Responding to the criticism, Gingrich said "Republican establishment is anti-intellectual and anti-change. They’re for winning as long as it’s meaningless."
Campaign Restructuring.
On the evening of March 27, 2012, the Gingrich campaign announced it was cutting a third of the staff and replacing campaign manager Michael Krull with his deputy, Vince Haley. Patrick Millsaps remained as the Chief of Staff. The campaign also said Gingrich would have more exposure on the Internet, and that his travel costs would be reduced. Strategic goals would be to present Gingrich as the most capable prospective adversary to President Obama, and to go after delegates in anticipation of a brokered convention.
The previous day, Sheldon Adelson had said Gingrich appeared to be "at the end of the line" because "mathematically, he can’t get anywhere near the numbers, and it’s unlikely to be a brokered convention.”
2012 primaries.
Iowa: 4th place, 13%.
On January 3, Gingrich won 13 percent of the vote in the Iowa Republican caucuses, finishing fourth behind Rick Santorum, Mitt Romney, and Ron Paul. Gingrich blamed negative advertising for his decline in December polling, saying "anybody who has eight or nine million dollars of negative advertising, much of it false, thrown at them is going to slide for a while." When asked if he felt he had been swiftboated, a reference to the negative ads that partially derailed John Kerry's presidential bid in 2004, Gingrich replied that he'd been "Romney-boated". The "San Francisco Chronicle" noted that a PAC supporting Romney launched "more than $1.2 million of negative ads in Iowa, mostly aimed at Gingrich", the content of which included "at least one false statement and several misleading ones". Writing in Politico, Vanderbilt University political science professor John Geer agreed that there was "an unprecedented number of negative ads aired against" Gingrich in December, but argued that the ads were not the sole explanation for Gingrich's decline in support, since the decline was national while the ads were airing only in Iowa. In Geer's view, Gingrich's problem was "the bright lights of the news media", writing that during the summer and early fall "many voters ... focused on his much-praised performance in the GOP debates ... Once Gingrich became a credible candidate, however, the media began to scrutinize him more carefully".
Following release of the Iowa results, Gingrich gave a concession speech, in which he appeared angry at "a Massachusetts moderate" for his campaign's attack ads.
New Hampshire: 5th place, 9.4%.
Following the Iowa caucuses, Gingrich flew to New Hampshire to take part in two debates the weekend prior to that state's January 10 primary. Romney won the primary with 39 percent of the vote while Gingrich finished in fifth place with 9.4 percent, just 11 votes behind Rick Santorum, who finished fourth.
South Carolina: 1st place, 40%.
Ahead of the South Carolina primary, casino magnate Sheldon Adelson donated $5 million to "Winning Our Future", the Super PAC that supports Gingrich. The super PAC allocated $3.4 million for TV advertising in South Carolina, including the trailer for a 27-minute documentary titled "When Mitt Romney Came to Town" that purported to tell the tale of a "predatory corporate raider". This line of attack drew disapproval from some Republican leaders and pundits. After the "Washington Post"'s "Fact Checker" gave the film their most damning rating of "4 Pinocchios", Gingrich called on the PAC to "either edit every single mistake or pull the entire film". A Reuters/Ipsos poll announced a week before the primary showed Gingrich slipping behind the front runner.
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin urged voters to vote for Gingrich on January 18 and the next day Texas Governor Rick Perry dropped out of the race and endorsed Gingrich, describing the former House Speaker as a "conservative visionary".
On January 21 Gingrich outpolled Romney 40% to 27%, with Rich Galen, a Republican strategist and former Gingrich aide observing that, "Newt had one of the best weeks in politics I've ever seen and Romney had one of the worst." Two TV debates held during the week played a decisive factor. "Washington Post" analyst Chris Cillizza dubbed Gingrich's January 16 encounter "the former House Speaker's best debate of the entire race". GOP viewers were put off by Romney’s business-like replies and won over by Gingrich's fire in the belly remarks. After Representative Jim Clyburn (D-SC) accused Gingrich of having engaged in racial dog whistling in South Carolina, Gingrich said "it’s unfortunate that liberal leaders... can’t have an honest debate about policies that fail."
Florida: 2nd place, 32%.
Polls released eight days before Florida's January 31 winner-take-all primary suggested that Gingrich was leading Romney in Florida and in a close race nationally. The super PAC supporting Gingrich bought $6 million of air time in Florida, having received an additional contribution of $5 million from Miram Adelson, Sheldon Adelson's wife. The PAC produced another documentary that attacked Romney, this time making an issue of Romney's 1990 to 1993 tenure as a corporate director of Damon Corporation, a medical testing company that paid $119 million in criminal fines and a civil settlement in 1996 for defrauding Medicare. As of January 27, Romney's campaign and super PAC had outspent Gingrich forces by nearly $12 million, with Wesleyan University's "Media Project" calculating that Romney and his interest group allies had aired almost 13,000 ads on Florida broadcast TV as of January 25, versus 200 for Gingrich's campaign and allies."The Guardian" said that before the primary, Gingrich had been "subjected to one of the most expensive and sustained negative ad bombardments in recent US political history," and Gingrich said some of the attacks on him had been "breathtakingly dishonest.”
As Gingrich excoriated "elites in Washington and New York", Canadian columnist Andrew Steele noted that the former House Speaker was running a campaign of "classic populism".
On January 25, Gingrich made waves by declaring that "by the end of second term, [America will have the first permanent base on the moon". He mentioned that just as Abraham Lincoln, the Wright Brothers, and John F. Kennedy were grandiose, he too was grandiose, and that it was not a negative quality as Mitt Romney had suggested. Former NASA senior adviser Charles Miller praised the announcement, calling the proposal "possible" and "necessary".
Gingrich continued to face opposition from "establishment" Republicans. 1996 GOP Presidential candidate Bob Dole announced that "it is now time" to take a stand against Gingrich. Former Reagan official Elliot Abrams accused the then Georgia Congressman of having been a Reagan critic in the 1980s, although some commentators took issue with Abrams' allegations, noting that Gingrich had frequently praised Reagan.
Gingrich had his 19th debate of the campaign in Jacksonville on January 26. "Washington Post" columnist Jennifer Rubin reckoned that it was a good debate for Gingrich's rivals, describing Romney as "invigorated", and Santorum as "impressive". Rich Lowry of the National Review agreed, noting that at one point "Gingrich tried to wheel on moderator Wolf Blitzer and time it didn't work."
A Quinnipiac poll released four days before the primary found Gingrich trailing Romney by 9%, a margin similar to that found by several other polls. An American Research Group poll conducted on January 27 and 28 found that he was tied with Romney among male voters, but was more than 20 points behind Romney with female voters. Several polls announced just before the vote suggested that Romney would win Florida by a double-digit margin.
On January 31, Romney won with 46% to Gingrich's 32%. Rick Santorum took 13% while Ron Paul, who did not campaign in Florida, received 7%. Gingrich declined to make "the traditional congratulatory phone call" to Romney.
Also on January 31, the Gingrich campaign acknowledged responsibility for a Florida robocall that accused Romney of "forcing Holocaust survivors to eat non-kosher food" while he was Governor of Massachusetts. Gingrich aide Joe DeSantis said it had not gone through the campaign's "normal vetting process", and that calls on the topic would not be repeated in Nevada. The Romney campaign said the calls were "sad" and "desperate". Gingrich denied knowledge of the calls.
February.
Following reports that his Nevada campaign was in disarray, in the February 4 caucuses Gingrich polled 21% to Romney's winning 50%, followed by Paul with 19% and Santorum with 10%. Gingrich vowed to continue his campaign after this second place Nevada finish, but failed to place better than a distant third in any of the three states holding votes on February 8. Colorado, Minnesota, and Missouri were all won by Rick Santorum. As of February 6, Gingrich had 32 of the 1144 delegates needed to win the Republican Primary race. Gingrich received 6% of the votes announced on February 11 concerning the Maine caucuses. Mitt Romney won with 39%. Ron Paul was second in Maine with 36%, and Rick Santorum third (18%). Neither Gingrich nor Santorum campaigned in the New England state.
On February 13 "National Review"'s editors said Gingrich should drop out and endorse Santorum if he wanted to stop Romney. Gingrich noted that there had been calls for him to drop out in the past but he had subsequently bounced back in the polls.
Beginning in February 2012, Gingrich promoted Patrick Millsaps to chief of staff and the two developed a message that began to emphasize Gingrich's proposal for American energy independence as a major theme of his campaign, in response to the rising price of gasoline nationwide. In a video posted by the campaign on February 18, he pledged to reduce gas prices to between $2 and $2.50 a gallon if he is elected. On February 19, 2011, in an appearance on "Fox News Sunday", Gingrich was critical of the Obama administration's energy policies and accused the president of being "anti-American energy". Following a speech on energy policy by President Obama on February 23, 2012, Gingrich criticized the president's embrace of algae biofuel, and at California's Republican Convention he spoke at length on the topic of energy, rebutting the proposals put forward by Obama.
Gingrich came fourth in the February 28 Michigan primary, with 6.5% to Romney's winning 41.1%, Santorum's 37.9%, and Paul's 11.6%.
Romney won Arizona on February 28 with 46.9%, followed by Santorum with 27.0%, Gingrich with 16.0% and Paul at 8.6%.
March.
Although Gingrich won Georgia on Super Tuesday, March 6, Gingrich's relative lack of support outside the South led some pundits to deem Alabama and Mississippi's March 13 primaries as "must wins".
Gingrich failed to beat Santorum in Alabama and Mississippi, but was a close second and at that time indicated that he would not be withdrawing from the race.
In the Puerto Rico primary Gingrich came in third on March 18. Romney scored an "overwhelming win", landing more than 50 percent of the vote and all 20 delegates. Second was Santorum, with Paul fourth. The votes left Gingrich with a total of 136 delegates. Romney had 521; Santorum, 253; and Paul, 50. 1,144 are needed to win the nomination.
In the Illinois primary on March 20, Romney won 46.7% of the votes in a lighter than expected turnout. Gingrich received 8% of the votes cast for Republican presidential candidates. Santorum received 35% and Ron Paul finished third with 9.3%.
In the Louisiana Primary on March 24, Gingrich finished a distant third behind Santorum and Romney. Gingrich announced that as a result of the disappointing showing in Louisiana, he would be reducing his campaign's budget in order to avoid having to drop out of the race.
April.
On April 3, Gingrich placed 3rd in the District of Columbia Primary, 3rd in Maryland, and 4th in Wisconsin.
On April 10, Santorum suspended his campaign, and Gingrich, claiming that he was the "last true conservative" still in the race, announced that he was relocating all his resources and time to Delaware, believing that a win there on April 24 would be a game-changer and would lead him on a path to prevent Romney from clinching the nomination during the primary season. However, on April 19, he told Republicans in New York that he would work to help Romney win the general election if Romney secured the nomination.
On April 24, Gingrich placed third in Connecticut, Rhode Island, and New York, Fourth in Pennsylvania, and a distant second in Delaware.
On April 25, 2012 it was reported that Gingrich would suspend his presidential campaign on Tuesday, May 1 and endorse Romney.
May.
On May 2, with around 4 million dollars in campaign debt, Newt Gingrich officially withdrew from the 2012 presidential campaign and endorsed front-runner Mitt Romney.

</doc>
<doc id="31051185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051185" title="Karl Ifwersen">
Karl Ifwersen

Karl Donald Ifwersen (1893–1967) was a New Zealand rugby football player who represented his country in both rugby league and rugby union.
Early years.
Ifwersen attended both St John's College and Auckland Grammar. He joined the new College Rifles rugby union club and was instrumental in helping the team win back-to-back junior championships in their first two years in ARFU competition. In 1912 he represented Auckland in provincial matches.
Rugby league career.
Ifwersen then switched codes to rugby league, joining the Grafton club in the Auckland Rugby League competition. He played for Auckland before representing his club and made the 1913 New Zealand tour of Australia. He also played for the North Shore club.
World War.
With the outbreak of World War I, Ifwersen joined the military and served for the duration of the war.
Return to league.
After the War Ifwersen returned to New Zealand and again made the New Zealand side. He captained the side in four Test matches in 1919.
Rugby union career.
In 1921 Ifwersen switched codes, playing rugby union. He immediately returned to the rep team, captaining the combined Auckland-North Auckland side against South Africa in his first game back and scoring the only try.
Ifwersen played in one test match for the All Blacks during the 1921 South Africa tour of the country.
Ifwersen continued to play for Auckland between 1922 and 1938.
Later years.
Ifwersen died in Auckland on 19 May 1967, having suffered considerably from football injuries during his old age.
Legacy.
Ifwersen was inducted into the New Zealand Rugby League's Legends of League in 2000. He was the first New Zealander to represent his country in rugby league then in rugby union. This accomplishment would be unmatched until almost 90 years later by Sonny Bill Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="31051193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051193" title="Stonelake">
Stonelake

Stonelake is a heavy metal band from Lund, Sweden, formed in 1984. They are currently on the Massacre Records label.
History.
In August 1984 guitarist Jan Åkesson and singer Peter Grundström got to know each other after a mutual concert. Jan played guitar in a band called Ravage and Peter was a singer in a band called Whitelight. Their meeting led to the conclusion of Jan's work with Ravage and he became a new member in Whitelight in the fall the same year. 
The musical style of Whitelight was initially melodic hard rock. Main influences among many where: Deep Purple, Led Zeppelin and Bad Company, but later on, "newer" bands (English and American) such as Whitesnake, Van Halen, Journey, Toto, Riot, Wrabit and Dokken. The band did many gigs and demos, in hope of getting a proper record deal, but no such offer was ever made.
In 1987 Jan decided to leave Whitelight and went his own way. He wanted to try his own wings with a tougher; more guitar oriented style of music. Peter stayed in Whitelight but Jan wasn't replaced with any new member, instead band name was changed to Kee Avenue. Jan established a new band called Why Not and later he also established new bands like Perfect Stranger and Dr Blue. These bands did really successful gigs and recordings in different places.
Kee Avenue split up in 1991 after the bass player and the keyboard player left the band. The band never found anyone tho replace them. After this breakup Peter played with different band, mostly cover bands. He kept on writing songs. 15 years after the two played together, Jan called Peter on the phone. He thought that it was time for a "reunion". After a good meal, a few beers, the interest grew to once more form a project. The result of this was Stonelake.
Style.
Stonelake mix guitardriven riffs with soaring vocal melodies.

</doc>
<doc id="31051203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051203" title="Norman Langen">
Norman Langen

Norman Langen (born March 7, 1985 in Bardenberg, Germany) is a German singer and a participant in season 8 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar who finished in 7th place. He likes to sing in German. He likes Schlager, pop and dance music.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in Badenberg, Germany but currently lives in Übach-Palenberg, North Rhine-Westphalia. He is a trained welder. But he is retraining as a hospice nurse. He has previously sung in a boy band (BXess, later Manhattan). He has three sisters. He was slightly overweight when he was a kid.
Post-DSDS.
Langen is "in demand" and is a "solid player" in the music industry. Langen stated that I'm still traveling a lot. The success of DSDS has never really flattened."

</doc>
<doc id="31051206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051206" title="Isaiah Greenhouse">
Isaiah Greenhouse

Isaiah Greenhouse (born July 15, 1987) is an American football linebacker and fullback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2010. He played college football at Northwestern State.
Professional career.
Houston Texans.
After going undrafted in the 2010 NFL Draft, Greenhouse was signed by the Houston Texans on May 18, 2010. They tried him at fullback, but moved him back to linebacker later. He was cut on September 3, 2010, and signed to the practice squad two days later. He was called up from the practice squad on October 3, 2010, but was waived on October 10, after being on the roster for one week. He was re-signed to the practice squad on November 3, 2010. Greenhouse was promoted on December 29, 2010. He was re-signed on January 5, 2011. The Texans released him on February 18, 2011.
Dallas Cowboys.
Greenhouse was signed by the Dallas Cowboys on March 1, 2011. 
On August 16, 2011 he was moved to fullback. He was waived on September 3, 2011, and was signed to the practice squad the next day. He was waived/injured on August 23, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31051213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051213" title="Fernando Méndez">
Fernando Méndez

Fernando Méndez (born November 4, 1984 in Caleta Olivia, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for San Marcos of the Primera División in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31051228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051228" title="Karina Longworth">
Karina Longworth

Karina Longworth (born 10 July 1980) is an American film critic, author, and journalist based in Los Angeles. She is one of the founders of the film culture blog "Cinematical" and formerly edited both "Cinematical" and the film blog "SpoutBlog" and, while living in New York, was heard regularly on the Public Radio International show "The Takeaway". From 2010-2012, she was the Film Editor and lead critic at "LA Weekly". 
Longworth has contributed to numerous magazines, including "New York Magazine", "Filmmaker", "TimeOut New York", "Cineaste", and "Las Vegas Weekly", as well as the online publications "Slate", "indieWIRE", "The Daily Beast", "The Huffington Post", "The Village Voice", and "Vanity Fair's Little Gold Men blog".
Internet film criticism vs print film criticism.
When she was still a web critic for "SpoutBlog", Longworth appeared in the documentary "", explaining the virtues of blogging – for creating a back-and-forth dialogue with readers. About blogging she went on to say, "I have a Master’s Degree in Film Studies, but I’m no more qualified to blog than a high school student in Vermont." No more qualified she may be, but as to influence, the "New York Times" has called Longworth, "freakishly smart" and "Variety" said, "... it's the ever-proliferating bloggers – "Spout", "Cinematical", "Movie City" "News and Hollywood Elsewhere" – that have become the instant barometers for how a film plays."
Online film critics are considered by some to be the next wave of film criticism. In 2007 "Variety" said, "As the pool of well-paid print critics shrinks in size, the next generation of film fans may come to trust critic/bloggers like ... Spout’s Karina Longworth, who helped to create the major film blog Cinematical" "The New York Times" has commented, "Are print critics really so all-important and sacrosanct with the Web full of debates about all manner of film in places like indiewire.com, cinematical.com and blog.spout.com?"

</doc>
<doc id="31051247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051247" title="Abbey of the Holy Ghost">
Abbey of the Holy Ghost

The Abbey of the Holy Ghost is a medieval prose allegory, ca. 1350. The text is preserved in at least 26 manuscripts, often followed by the "Charter of the Abbey of the Holy Ghost". The text advises lay women on how to live a contemplative life outside of a monastery; the companion "Charter" speaks of the fall and salvation.

</doc>
<doc id="31051253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051253" title="Erich Axthammer">
Erich Axthammer

Erich Axthammer (born 3 December 1920) was an Oberfeldwebel in the Luftwaffe during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Born 3 December 1920 in Neumark, Austria, Axthammer joined the Luftwaffe in November 1938, and during 1941 was posted to the Eastern Front with 7./Schlachtgeschwader 1 flying the Henschel Hs 123 ground attack biplane. On 10 March 1943 he flew his first combat mission near Krasnohrad on the Eastern Front, and flew over 300 missions before being awarded the German Cross in Gold in November 1943. He then served with 1./Schlachtgeschwader 152, 5./Schlachtgeschwader 77 and later 8./Schlachtgeschwader 10 by August 1944. "Oberfeldwebel" Axthammer was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross in April 1945, one of the last pilots to be thus awarded.
During his wartime career he flew 530 missions, 300 with the Hs 123 and the remainder with the Focke-Wulf Fw 190. He claimed four Soviet aircraft destroyed in aerial combat (plus two unconfirmed victories) and numerous ground targets, including 42 trucks, 27 other vehicles, two tanks, two artillery pieces, two anti-aircraft positions, and two aircraft on the ground. After the war he worked as a miner and in 1958 he joined the German Air Force of the Federal Republic of Germany. He served until 1979 retiring as a "Stabsfeldwebel".

</doc>
<doc id="31051255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051255" title="Erich Klibansky Platz">
Erich Klibansky Platz

The Erich Klibansky Platz in Cologne quarter Altstadt-Nord, located on Helenenstraße, takes the name of Erich Klibansky, the one-time and last headmaster of the "Reformrealgymnasium" Jawne, the first Jewish Gymnasium of the Rhineland. It took his name in 1990.
Location.
The area of the square is small, it came into being as a result of the transformations due to the second world war. The square, which is reserved to pedestrians, lies on the west end of Helenenstraße, between St.-Apern-Straße and Albertusstraße, opposite to the main entrance of the conference hotel "Pullman". 
It is the areal of land of the Jewish community "Adass Jeschurun", where there were several school buildings and a synagogue.
History of the square.
Already in the middle of the 19th century, St.-Apern-Straße was a quarter where rich citizens had their homes and shops. There were many exquisite antique shops, in which mostly Jewish owners sold expensive furniture and jewels. These inhabitants built a synagogue of the orthodox community „Adass Jeschurun“ in 1884. 
An affiliated teachers’ college was built in the same year. At the same time of the Jewish elementary school, the "Morijah", the seat of the Cologne administrative district was built in 1907-1909 in the nearby plot on St.-Apern-Straße by Carl Moritz (the nowadays Kreishausgalerie).
In 1919 the municipality built the Reformrealgymnasium „Jawne“ in St.-Apern-Straße, which was supported by the municipality, even if private.
The inside of the Synagogue was destroyed in November 1938 Kristallnacht, the school was closed in 1942. The buildings were destroyed at the end of the war.
Löwenbrunnen (Lion Fountain).
A fountain decorated with the Lion of Judah, a "Gur Aryeh" (Hebrew for “young lion”), commemorates the 1100 murdered Jewish children of Cologne, whose names are listed on a bronze plaque attached to the fountain basin. 
The fountain also commemorates Erich Klibanksy, who was able to save 130 students by organizing for them an evacuation to Great Britain in 1938. Hermann Gurfinkel, one of these survivors, created the fountain in 1997.
Temporary exhibitions.
Since 1980 through a yearlong research with the help of the married couple Dieter and Irene Corbach, who have committed themselves to examine the Nazi Germany history in Cologne, a lot of material has been examined and saved. Based in this collection, which after Dieter Corbach’s death went to the nazi documentation center of Cologne, a first exhibition was organized, “Jawne in Cologne”. 
Mrs Corbach went on with the work after her husband’s death as delegate by the Synod for the Christian-Jewish dialogue in the Right Rhine Church circle. She also fostered the contacts with Jawne students all over the world.
The current (2007) exhibition with the slogan „The children of the next door schoolyard“ regards the former buildings of the Jewish-orthodox community "Adass Jeschurun" in St.-Apern-Straße 29-31. With the support of the Cologne Nazi documentation center (EL-DE-Haus), it is hoped that a comprehensible information will be provided on the everyday life of a Jewish school in the 1920/30 to all the young visitors through authentic images and the mostly translated text.

</doc>
<doc id="31051279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051279" title="Jawalakhel">
Jawalakhel

Jāwalākhel () is a town in Lalitpur District in Nepal. It is located 2 km from the ancient city of Pātan. Jawalakhel is a satellite town of Patan, also known as Lalitpur, which was one of the three great capitals of Nepal until the 18th century.
Origin of the name.
Jawalakhel means "rice throwing field" in Nepal Bhasa. The name is derived from the large open field at the town's center where cooked rice is offered during an annual religious festival. The field is the venue of Bhoto Jātrā, the festival of the display of the sacred vest, which is the most important cultural event held in Jawalakhel. 
Highlights.
Bhoto Jatra is the grand finale of the chariot festival of Bunga Dyah, the longest street celebration held in Patan. During the chariot festival which lasts over a month, two towering cars containing images of the deities Bunga Dyah (Machhendranath) and Chākuwā Dyah (Minnāth) are pulled through the streets of Lalitpur in stages.
The chariots are brought to Jawalakhel for the concluding ceremonies. During Bhoto Jatra, the holy garment "bhoto" is held up from the four sides of the chariot and shown to the enraptured throng that fills the large field.
Jawalakhel is also famed as the home of Central Zoo, the only zoo in the country. It was built as a private menagerie by a Rana prime minister in 1932. The government took over the zoo after the dynasty was ousted, and opened it to the public in 1956. In December 1995, the government handed over responsibility of running the zoo for 30 years to the National Trust for Nature Conservation.
Jawalakhel is the cradle of Nepal's hand-woven woolen carpet industry. In 1960, 
the government of Nepal, the International Red Cross and the Swiss Aid for Technical Assistance worked together and set up a factory in Jawalakhel where Tibetan refugees could produce Tibetan handicraft to support themselves. The refugees used their hereditary skills and wove woolen carpets like the type traditionally made in Tibet, and an industry was born in Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="31051328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051328" title="Bowlus BS-100 Super Albatross">
Bowlus BS-100 Super Albatross

The Bowlus BS-100 Super Albatross is a single seat, mid-wing glider that was designed by Hawley Bowlus in 1938.
Design and development.
The Super Albatross was created from a Baby Albatross fuselage pod and tail boom. The wings used the outer panels of the Senior Albatross. The resulting aircraft was of wooden construction, with the wings and tail surfaces covered in aircraft fabric. The tail boom is a metal tube.
Only two examples were constructed. The first was built by Bowlus and features an all-flying horizontal stabilizer. The second was built by Frank Kelsey and has a fixed horizontal stabilizer and flaps in addition to spoilers.

</doc>
<doc id="31051331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051331" title="Michelle J. Wong">
Michelle J. Wong

Michelle Jefté Wong Barquero (born 31 December 1979, in Heredia, Costa Rica), also known as Michelle J. Wong, is an independent activist, photographer, journalist, and writer. Wong is a columnist and international correspondent for Latin America and the world, and a leading emerging photojournalist.
Life.
At the age of 14 he left home and began his world travels. In 2003, he established himself in Santa Barbara, California, where he began his Journalism Studies.
In 2009 he worked as the editing assistant to Steve McCurry for National Geographic in New York City and in 2012 for the United Nations in the Middle East. Wong has worked as an independent activist, photographer and journalist around the world.
His work in photojournalism has been presented in photography exhibitions in the School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University,Washington DC, California, New York, Costa Rica, and South America; In 2011, Wong was awarded by the National Press Photographers Association NPPA. ; and in 2013 by the Muhammad Ali Center.

</doc>
<doc id="31051342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051342" title="Castle River (Southland)">
Castle River (Southland)

The Castle River is a river in Fiordland National Park in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It rises on the slopes of Barrier Peak and flows southeast in a steep-walled valley running parallel to the Clinton Canyon before turning south. It is a tributary of Worsley Stream which empties into the Worsley Arm of Lake Te Anau.

</doc>
<doc id="31051365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051365" title="Paul Nicklen">
Paul Nicklen

Paul Nicklen is a Canadian biologist and photographer. He was born on July 21, 1968 in Tisdale, Saskatchewan.
Biography.
Paul Nicklen was born in Saskatchewan Province but grew up in an Inuit community on Baffin Island in the Canadian Arctic. 
He received a Bachelor of Science degree in marine biology from the University of Victoria, British Columbia, in 1990. After University, he worked in the Northwest Territories as a wildlife biologist with Canada's Department of Renewable Resources. He studied species such as lynx, grizzly bears, bison, caribou and polar bears as a biologist before becoming a wildlife and nature photojournalist in 1995. 
Since 1995, Nicklen has worked as a full-time photojournalist specializing in the Arctic and Antarctica with an emphasis on wildlife and climate change. He has worked and lectured on a variety of cruise ships.
Career.
Paul Nicklen is a contributor photographer for "National Geographic" Magazine. He is a Fellow of the International League of Conservation Photographers (ILCP). Major exhibits of his work include Extreme Exposure at the Annenberg Space for Photography in Los Angeles, California. 
Nicklen was a speaker at TED2011. His talk, "Tales of Ice-Bound Wonderlands", focused on disappearing sea ice as a result of climate change and global warming.
Awards.
Nicklen has received awards from Pictures of the Year International, Communication Arts, the BBC Wildlife Photographer of the Year Competition.
A short list of awards includes:

</doc>
<doc id="31051366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051366" title="Greggy Soriano">
Greggy Soriano

Gregory Paul Soriano (born August 19, 1984) also known as Greggy Soriano, is a cake designer. He is known for being in the first season of on TLC (TV channel). Soriano is a television personality and founder of his own brand, Greggy Soriano Holdings, LLC. He was cast as "Greggy, The Self Proclaimed Gaysian" on "Beauty and the Geek" Season 5 on the The CW Television Network.
Early and personal life.
Soriano, a Filipino American, was born in Glendora, California. He spent his childhood in Azusa, California. He is openly gay. He was a member of the performing group The Young Americans, and starred in a musical comedy show in Provincetown, Massachusetts, as well as an off-broadway musical in New York City. He attended The Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park, New York. He currently lives in Jersey City, NJ.

</doc>
<doc id="31051376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051376" title="Super Albatross">
Super Albatross

Super Albatross can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31051406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051406" title="Abbi (Saxon)">
Abbi (Saxon)

Abbi (also Abbio) was a Saxon warrior who fought alongside Widukind. He is mentioned in Carolingian annals for the year 785. He fled across the Elbe with Widukind, and after a peace was negotiated with Charlemagne in the Bardengau, Abbi and Widukind were both baptized. Abbi was probably closely related to Widukind, who was possibly his stepson or his brother in law.

</doc>
<doc id="31051408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051408" title="Crash position indicator">
Crash position indicator

The crash position indicator (CPI) is a radio beacon designed to be ejected from an aircraft when it crashes. This helps ensure it survives the crash and any post-crash fires or sinking, allowing it to broadcast a homing signal to search and rescue aircraft.
CPI's became a requirement on some military aircraft and were often combined with flight data recorders. Today the beacon functions are normally fulfilled by the emergency locator transmitter system. The term "crash position indicator" no longer refers to the specific device, but any locator beacon. The CPI is ranked No. 48 in the list of the 50 Greatest Canadian Inventions.
History.
Harry Stevinson.
The CPI was developed by Harry Stevinson, starting work on the concept just before the opening of World War II. After the war he joined the National Research Council's (NRC) National Aeronautical Establishment (NAE), testing glider performance.
While these tests were ongoing, a jet fighter happened to crash. The aircraft had no beacon, and thus the rescue plane sent to find the fighter was forced to fly low over wooded areas in an attempt to locate the wreck. The rescue plane's low flight led to its own crash in the bush. With a beacon, the rescue aircraft would have been able to stay at much higher, and safer, altitudes. Stevinson decided that the beacon was more important than glider research, and was able to convince the NRC to develop the concept.
Other rescue beacon systems had already been developed and deployed, but Stevinson felt these were insufficient. If the crash occurred over water, the beacon would sink with the aircraft even if the crew escaped and were on the surface. Over land, the aircraft itself would block the signal if the beacon ended up buried under the fuselage, and the crash and any post-crash fires had the possibility of destroying it.
There was one contemporary system that offered survivability. It used a small mortar to fire the beacon off the aircraft and then land it under parachute with a shock absorber to lessen impact with the ground. The beacon package included a folding antenna, two pop-out arms intended to orient it upright after landing on the ground, and a floatation bag for water.
CPI development.
Stevinson liked the idea, but not the implementation. He preferred an aerodynamic release system that would eliminate the mortar, and a ruggedized radio system with an omnidirectional antenna that would eliminate the rest of the complexity. Survivability on both land and water could be achieved using lightweight foams.
The key, however, was to make an aerodynamic system that would pull the system away from an aircraft quickly, but then slow the CPI down once it was released. Working with David Makow, Stevinson came up with the idea of using a Frisbee-shaped package, built a model out of paper, and dropped it off the balcony. When it exhibited a tumbling motion, a second model was built of aluminum and released from the window of a car. As hoped, the tumbling quickly slowed the package to safe speeds. The team then started work on a radio-clear version using fiberglass reinforced plastic.
While they worked on the design, the Division of Electrical Engineering was working on a production radio system. After about two years of development, everything was ready and the first experimental CPI was assembled. Among the many tests, early examples were fired on a rocket sled at speeds up to 370 km/h off the top of a cliff formed by a former gravel pit.
These tests were followed by production-setting releases from aircraft. In this case the CPI was placed inside a cylindrical recess on the outside of the aircraft fuselage, normally near the tail. The upper curved portion of the CPI projected into the wind, providing a constant lift when the aircraft was in motion. This was countered by a spring latch that would automatically release in the case of a sudden deceleration.
Commercial production.
When development was completed in 1959, production did not start immediately. Licenses were passed from company to company before finally settling at Dominion Scientific Instruments (DSI) of Ottawa. They contracted Leigh Instruments of Carleton Place to manufacture the system.
CPI was soon mandatory on Canadian Air Force aircraft working in the far north. In one instance, an aircraft in the Yukon mountains was found by CPI in a location where visual location would have been impossible. In another, a USAF aircraft crashed into the ocean at night, but its injured crew was rescued after the CPI broadcast was detected. Leigh received a letter of thanks. Even Air Force One was equipped with a CPI, the AN/ASH-20.
ARL's flight memory.
While Stevinson was working on the "tumbling aerofoil beacon", David Warren of the Aeronautical Research Laboratories (ARL), Australia's counterpart to the Canadian NAE, was developing the concept of the cockpit voice recorder under the name "Flight Memory". In 1958 he visited the NRC to discuss the possibility of incorporating the Flight Memory system into the CPI.
At the time, Warren's device had not been built, and when they finally had a unit ready for testing in 1962, they found that DSI had already developed a "very nice" system providing "voice, time, and 96 data channels … on ¼ inch tape." Surprised by this development, ARL nevertheless requested one of the airframes, and showed it with Flight Memory at a trade show in 1963.
DSI's system would go on to spawn a series of models, some in CPI's and some in ruggedized crash-survivable forms.
Commercial success, business failure.
By the 1970s, the CPI with data recorder was now a standard item on many Canadian and US aircraft, and would also be selected for the Panavia Tornado. It was optional on many other aircraft, and fairly common on bush planes. Its success was such that Leigh eventually purchased DSI, and by 1978 yearly sales of modern CPI devices were $6 million. Total sales over the years topped $100 million. Leigh became one of the largest Canadian electronics firms.
In 1988, Plessey announced they would purchase Leigh for about 42.5 million Pounds. This was most of the money Plessey received from GEC during the creation of GEC Plessey Telecommunications. However, the deal fell through and the company was eventually broken up.
Although most aircraft carry non-ejectable beacons, ejectable versions are still built for overwater flight, and most of these feature the tumbling-airfoil design.

</doc>
<doc id="31051413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051413" title="Orzell Billingsley">
Orzell Billingsley

Orzell Billingsley (October 24, 1924 – December 14, 2001) became one of the first ten blacks admitted to the Alabama Bar after attending Talladega College and Howard University.
His law practice was deeply involved with civil rights litigation, and he was one of the lead lawyers for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. during the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott. Billingsley served as General Counsel for the National Democratic Party of Alabama (NDPA) and was a delegate for the NDPA at the 1968 Democratic National Convention in 1968. Billingsley helped to incorporate more than 20 small towns in Alabama that had majority black populations. He was well known for his 15-year defense of Caliph Washington who was falsely accused of killing a white officer; it was this case that helped to end all-white juries in Alabama. Billingsley was arrested for helping to secure farmland for the Black Muslims in Alabama. Presidents John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson were known to call on Billingsley regarding the turbulence in Alabama. Billingsley was a founding member of the Alabama Lawyers Association.
He was known as the “black Patrick Henry of Alabama.”

</doc>
<doc id="31051425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051425" title="Insomnia &amp; Other Lullabyes">
Insomnia &amp; Other Lullabyes

Insomnia & Other Lullabyes is the debut album of independent Filipino singer-songwriter Cynthia Alexander released in 1996. The album received local critical acclaim, comparing Alexander to Joni Mitchell. The album earned Alexander the Best Alternative Music Album and Best New Artist awards, at the 1998 Katha Music Awards, in the Philippines.
References.
1.*[http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000RXXP3E] Amazon music page. Insomnia & Other Lullabyes.
2.*[http://www.last.fm/music/Cynthia+Alexander/Insomnia+and+Other+Lullabyes/] Insomnia and Other Lullabyes last.fm page
3.*[http://www.filipinomusica.com/cynthia-alexander.html/] Bio, albums, songs and lyrics of Cynthia Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="31051468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051468" title="Dan Harries">
Dan Harries

Dan M. Harries (born 1963, in Pomona, California) is an artist and theorist of visual culture and media. After twenty years as a professor in Australia, England, and the U.S., and well known for his theories of parody, new media, postmodernism and the image, Harries began to put his teachings into practice and pursue his art full-time. In 2008, he established his studio, Harries + Fayé, in Hollywood's historic Artisan's Patio. His limited edition abstract photographs explore his theories of intertextuality and ambiguity. He currently exhibits his photographs at the Amy-Lauren Gallery on Kauai and at his studio.
In 1993, Harries began his academic career at Griffith University, in Brisbane, Australia, where he lectured in film and television studies. In 1994, he developed a film and media directory Web site, CineMedia, which in 1997 was nominated in the "Film and Television" category for the 1st Annual Webby Awards. In 1995, Harries moved back to Los Angeles to take up the position of the American Film Institute's first Director of Online Media where his team worked on a number of online projects, including the 1996 launch of the world's first streaming video site devoted to classic Hollywood movies. The first movie to be streamed was Charlie Chaplin's silent 1916 classic, "The Rink." In 1998, Harries moved to London where he was head of the Visual Culture and Media Department at Middlesex University until 2003.
Harries has a B.A in sociology from UCLA, an MA in Film Studies from the University of East Anglia, and a PhD from UCLA in Film & Television. His books include "Film & Video on the Internet", "Film Parody", and "The New Media Book". He serves on the editorial board of the journal of visual culture. He currently lives in Los Angeles with his husband and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="31051469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051469" title="2002 Buy.com Tour graduates">
2002 Buy.com Tour graduates

__NOTOC__
This is a list of players who graduated from the Buy.com Tour in 2002. The top 15 players on the Buy.com Tour's money list in 2002 earned their PGA Tour card for 2003.
T = Tied<br>
Green background indicates the player retained his PGA Tour card for 2004 (finished inside the top 125).<br>
Red background indicates the player did not retain his PGA Tour card for 2004 (finished outside the top 150).

</doc>
<doc id="31051495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051495" title="2001 Torneo Godó">
2001 Torneo Godó

The 2001 Torneo Godó was the 49th edition of the Torneo Godó annual tennis tournament played on clay courts in Barcelona, Spain and it took place from April 23–29, 2001. It was part of the 2001 ATP Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="31051507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051507" title="USS SC-35">
USS SC-35

USS "SC-35", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 35" or USS "S.C. 35", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
"SC-35" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 23 January 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 35", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 35".
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 35" was classified as SC-35 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-35".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-35" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31051538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051538" title="1984 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
1984 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 1984 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 10 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the third NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 1983 was Utah. The Competition took place in Los Angeles, California hosted by UCLA in Pauley Pavilion.

</doc>
<doc id="31051543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051543" title="2001 Torneo Godó – Singles">
2001 Torneo Godó – Singles

Marat Safin was the defending champion but chose not to compete.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="31051559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051559" title="Legendre pseudospectral method">
Legendre pseudospectral method

The Legendre pseudospectral method for optimal control problems is based on Legendre polynomials. It is part of the larger theory of pseudospectral optimal control, a term coined by Ross. The Legendre pseudospectral method was originally proposed by Elnagar and coworkers in 1995. Since then, Ross, Fahroo and co-workers have analyzed, extended and applied the method for an impressive range of problems. An application that has received wide publicity is the use of their method for generating real time trajectories for the International Space Station.
Software.
The method was first implemented in DIDO in 2001. Today, it is also available in other software packages such as OTIS and PSOPT.
Flight implementations.
The Legendre pseudospectral method has been implemented in flight by NASA several times. The first flight implementation was on November 5, 2006, when NASA used the Legendre pseudospectral method to maneuver the International Space Station to perform the Zero Propellant Maneuver. The Zero Propellant Maneuver was discovered by Nazereth Bedrossian using DIDO. Watch a video of this historic maneuver.

</doc>
<doc id="31051561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051561" title="Víctor Loyola">
Víctor Loyola

Víctor Jesús Loyola Pando (born 22 June 1981) is a Chilean footballer who currently play for the Chilean Primera División side Santiago Morning.

</doc>
<doc id="31051564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051564" title="Scottish Inns">
Scottish Inns

Scottish Inns is a hotel chain in the United States.
History.
The Scottish Inns chain began in the late 1960s in Tennessee. It was a company that did not operate its own motels, but leased out the name to others. This changed in 1973, as the company assumed ownership of all properties.
The Scottish Inns chain blossomed in the late 1960s when Scottish Inns of America was formed as builder and owner of modular constructed motels with an emphasis on economy lodging. This Kingston, Tennessee based company adopted the Scottish theme of thriftiness much like the Imperial 400 Company of its time. The one big difference though was the fact that Scottish Inns were built from modules constructed in plants in either Tennessee or Florida, and shipped to the motel sites. This concept was possibly considered the lowest price for a constructed motel room at $6,000 each (installed), and in 1972 they could be produced at a rate of about one room per hour.
Although the company owned the motels when finished they did not operate them but leased the motels to independent operators, Scottish Inns also became a franchise operation; however, in 1973 Scottish Inns of America, Inc., with executive offices in Kingston, Tennessee, assumed the management of most of their facilities. A 1974 Scottish Inns of America locations directory featured 70 Scottish Inns.
In 1978 Scottish Inns Franchise Corporation, headquartered in Goodlettsville, Tennessee, listed 31 properties in their Scottish Inns Directory. They had grown to 50 properties by 1981. Soon thereafter Southern Scottish Inns, Inc. and Red Carpet Inns International, Inc. created a new corporation, Hospitality International, Inc., and subsequently moved to Atlanta, Georgia, at which time the newly formed company produced its 1983 International Travel Directory featuring a combined 126 properties with either the Scottish Inns, Master Hosts Inns or Red Carpet Inn brands
In 1985, the Scottish Inns chain was acquired by Red Carpet Inn.
Many changes have taken place since the Scottish Inns modular concept, with only a handful of original Scottish Inns modular buildings still flagged as a Scottish Inns brand. Nearly 30% of the existing 130 Scottish Inns are new construction facilities, rivaling many hotels in the middle price range, and even in some cases upper scale hotels, offering similar amenities, benefits and features; yet Scottish Inns is still considered to be an economy lodging brand. 

</doc>
<doc id="31051566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051566" title="César Civita">
César Civita

César Civita, born Cesare Civita (September 4, 1905 — April 9, 2005), was an Italian Argentine publisher, who in 1936 became general manager of Arnoldo Mondadori Editore in Italy. Following passage of the 1938 Race Laws, he emigrated with his family to New York to escape the discriminatory restrictions.
He moved with his family again in 1941 to Buenos Aires, becoming Walt Disney's representative in Argentina and founding Editorial Abril that year. By the 1960s, his publishing house produced nine magazines.
His brother Victor Civita emigrated to Brazil, where he established Editora Abril in São Paulo in 1949. It developed into Grupo Abril, one of the largest publishing houses in the country.
Early life and education.
He was born Cesare Civita in New York to Italian people parents Vittoria Carpi, an opera singer, and Carlo Civita, a businessman. His younger brothers were Vittorio and Daniele. The family returned to Milan, where the boys were raised and went to school.
As a young man, Cesare developed an early interest in publishing, particularly related to literature and graphic art. He also got involved in cinema, producing a film.
Career.
In 1936 Civita was named general manager of the prestigious publishing house, Arnoldo Mondadori Editore. He and Cesare Zavattini redesigned Pitigrilli's literary magazine, "Grandi Firme", incorporating cover art by Gino Boccasile and attracting the magazine its highest circulation. Civita obtained an exclusive license to publish Walt Disney's American comic books in Italy. He also ventured into cinema, producing a documentary that earned an award at the Venice Film Festival.
After the Fascist regime enacted the 1938 Race Laws, Civita chose to emigrate to New York City with his wife, Mina, and their three children. He became a talent agent for illustrators. Among others, he represented Saul Steinberg, for whom Civita sold portfolios to "Harper's Bazaar" and "Life Magazine." This enabled him to secure a United States visa for the Jewish artist.
In Argentina.
In 1941, Civita relocated with his family to Buenos Aires and became Disney's representative in Argentina. He also established the Editorial Abril publishing house. Disney traveled to Argentina while preparing his upcoming animated film, "Bambi", and modeled its forest backdrop after Los Arrayanes National Park.
Civita diversified Editorial Abril after 1945, hiring a number of talented illustrators and cartoonists from both Argentina and Italy, among them Hugo Pratt, Mario Faustinelli, Alberto Ongaro, Ivo Pavone, Héctor Oesterheld, Alberto Breccia, Dino Battaglia, and Paul Campani. César's younger brother, Victor Civita, established Editora Abril in São Paulo in 1949, which developed into one of the largest publishing houses (Grupo Abril) in Brazil.
Smaller than its Brazilian counterpart, Editorial Abril published nine magazines by the 1960s, including "Parabrisas" (for auto enthusiasts), "Corsa" (auto sports), "Claudia" (a women's magazine), "Adán" (for men), "Panorama" (general interest), and "Siete Dias Ilustrados" (news), as well as the French comic series, "Asterix", and others. Some of the most celebrated figures in Argentine journalism worked for Abril at the time, including illustrator Hugo Pratt, photographer Grete Stern, sociologist Gino Germani, writers Rodolfo Walsh, Francisco Urondo and Juan Gelman, and poet Miguel Ángel Bustos.
Civita was joined in the enterprise by numerous family members, including his wife, Mina (who edited "Claudia"). Their daughter Adriana became the company's chief correspondent during the Vietnam War.
Civita and his wife separated. He later married Paulina, his secretary.
In 1972 Civita purchased stock in Papel Prensa; the public-private newsprint manufacturer was established by the regime. He and Editorial Abril became its principal private stockholders. Following a change in government and return of Juan Perón to the presidency in 1973, his Minister of Finance, José Ber Gelbard, imposed regulations restricting imported machinery. Civita sold his stake in Papel Prensa to financier David Graiver that year. Civita, who never enjoyed good relations with Peronism, came under pressure partly because of the numerous left-wing writers he employed. Pressed on the subject, he asserted that "the Abril publishing house is not against anyone, except Nazis and Fascists."
Civita's attempt to keep balance earned the enmity of the Argentine Anticommunist Alliance, and he was the target of numerous death threats, and a kidnapping attempt. In 1975, a commando attack by helicopter fired on his 18th-story Belgrano apartment. He and his family joined his brother Victor in São Paulo, Brazil.
Though the publishing house's best-selling title, "Panorama", closed in December 1975, Editorial Abril continued to operate. It was sold in 1982 to a partnership between Celulosa Argentina and Rizzoli Editores.
Civita lived in Brazil and Mexico for a number of years, and returned to Argentina after democratic government was restored following the years of the Dirty War. He died in Buenos Aires in 2005, at age 99.

</doc>
<doc id="31051582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051582" title="The Island of the Fay">
The Island of the Fay

The Island of the Fay is an album by the electronic group Tangerine Dream. It was first revealed in late February 2011, and was released on March 18. A preview of "Fay bewitching the Moon" was released to the members who were part of the TDOC. This track features Hoshiko Yamane as a session musician. This album marks the beginning of the band's new "Sonic Poems" series.

</doc>
<doc id="31051590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051590" title="Battles of Chief Pontiac">
Battles of Chief Pontiac

Battles of Chief Pontiac is a 1952 American quasi historical film directed by Felix E. Feist. The drama features Lex Barker, Helen Westcott and Lon Chaney Jr..
Plot.
Conflict between Ottawa Native Americans, led by Chief Pontiac, and the British.
Reception.
Critical response.
Film critic Hans J. Wollstein gave the film a mixed review, writing, "Burly actor Lon Chaney, Jr. said that the role of Chief Pontiac in this cheap action-thriller from low-budget entrepreneur Jack Broder, was one he truly coveted. Unfortunately, Chaney and the rest of the cast were let down by a preachy and frankly dreadful screenplay by Jack de Witt ... Battles of Chief Pontiac was filmed on location near Rapid City, South Dakota, and the scenery remains its only attractive feature."

</doc>
<doc id="31051609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051609" title="Johannes Smemo">
Johannes Smemo

Johannes Smemo (1898 – 1973) was a Norwegian Lutheran bishop and psalmist. 
He was a priest in Drammen and in Sør-Fron, and from 1934 rector at the Norwegian School of Theology. He played an active role in the Church's resistance during the German occupation of Norway. For this he was imprisoned in Berg concentration camp from 11 November 1944 to May 1945.
He was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Agder from 1946 to 1951, and a bishop of the Diocese of Oslo from 1951 to 1968. He chaired the psalm commission of the Church of Norway from 1954 to 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="31051626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051626" title="Echoing River">
Echoing River

The Echoing River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Manitoba and Ontario, Canada. Its flows from its source at Echoing Lake in Unorganized part of Kenora District, Northwestern Ontario to its mouth at the Gods River in Northern Manitoba. The Gods River flows via the Hayes River to Hudson Bay.
The First Nations community of Shamattawa is at the river's mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="31051632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051632" title="Thomas Cawthron">
Thomas Cawthron

Thomas Cawthron (25 May 1833 – 8 October 1915) was a New Zealand businessman and philanthropist responsible for the establishment of the Cawthron research institute.
“Its establishment was not only of great value to agriculture but it also stimulated scientific research throughout the whole of New Zealand.”
Sir Theodore Rigg, former Cawthron director, Encyclopaedia of New Zealand 1966
Many fortunes were made and lost in New Zealand’s 19th Century gold rushes. Canny merchant Thomas Cawthron amassed his pile of wealth from offices in the beached hulk of a ship at Port Nelson, but most of his money came through the hunt for coal and copper and from sending supplies to gold miners in Golden Bay and Hokitika.
Over a hundred years later the name of this retiring but generous man lives on in one of New Zealand’s leading scientific research organisations, Nelson’s Cawthron.
Thomas Cawthron was born at Newington, Surrey, on 25 May 1833 and was 15 years old when his parents and family set out for Nelson in the sailing ship Mary. He worked in Wellington, then followed the gold miners to Australia, spending several years as a contractor for miscellaneous goods on the goldfields of Bendigo and Ballarat. Returning to Nelson in the mid-1850s when his father became ill, he won a contract to dig the test drives for copper deposits on the Dun Mountain, going on to contract for the supply of food and stores for the copper-mining project and for the Jenkins Hill coal mine.
He delivered supplies to miners in the rough Mineral Belt country, around 20 km by a mountainous track from the Nelson township. He was an investor in property, shares, local bodies, war loans and mortgages and seemed to have a ‘golden touch’ in all his business transactions. By the time of his retirement in the late 1880s he had amassed a considerable fortune.
After his retirement he lived quietly and frugally with his sister Mrs Wright. He seemed to have few interests other than the investment and care of his money. However, behind the scenes he helped out in many individual cases of hardship and distress and contributed to causes such as relief funds, church organisations and educational and recreational schemes. In his later years, he made larger and more public gifts, including the Cathedral steps, the Rocks Road chains, Cawthron Park (in the hills to the east of the city), contributions towards a public hospital and nurses' home, and smaller donations to the Nelson Institute (which used to run the Nelson library), the Nelson School of Music and its pipe organ. 
Thomas Cawthron died on 8 October 1915. He bequeathed £231,000, practically the whole of his estate, for the development of an Industrial and Technical School, Institute and Museum to be called the Cawthron Institute. This was officially opened in 1921 with Thomas Hill Easterfield, emeritus professor of chemistry at Victoria University College, as its first director.

</doc>
<doc id="31051677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051677" title="Mohamed Kamel Leilah">
Mohamed Kamel Leilah

Dr. Mohamed Kamel Leilah was an Egyptian law professor, who served as the speaker of the Egyptian People's Assembly from November 5, 1983 to June 22, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31051699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051699" title="Norbert H. J. Nozy">
Norbert H. J. Nozy

'"Norbert H. J. Nozy" (b. 9 Sept. 1952, Halen, Belgium) is a contemporary Belgian conductor, music educator, and classical saxophonist.
Education.
Nozy was introduced to music at a young age through his father, Norbert Nozy, who was in a local band. Nozy studied at the Royal Conservatory of Brussels and at the Lemmensinstituut in Leuven. He won first prizes in music theory, transposition, percussion, chamber music, harmony, counterpoint and the higher diploma saxophone.
Nozy studied conducting with Andre Vandernoot, Yvon Ducène, Leonce Gras and Jean-Sebastien Bereau of the Conservatoire de Paris. He studied fugue with Victor Legley.
Nozy was also recognized as an exceptional saxophonist. In 1970 he was Pro Civitate laureate of the International Gaudeamus Competition for Contemporary Music in Rotterdam in 1973, the Stravinsky Seminar for young conductors, organized by the National Opera in 1975.
Saxophonist.
He was a member of the Saxophone Quartet of Belgium ("La Quatuor Belge de Saxophones") and Saxophone Ensemble from 1972 to 1975 and represented Belgium at several international conferences and symposia including saxophone in Bordeaux, London, Chicago, Washington, D.C., Luxembourg, Maastricht, Ghent, and Brussels.
For the academic year 1973 to 1974 he was a visiting lecturer and teacher at the University of North Texas College of Music, the same year that Jim Riggs began teaching saxophone at North Texas.
Conductor.
In 1975 he was hired as a saxophonist in the Royal Symphonic Band of the Belgian Guides. After great success to the tests of Kapellmeister, he directed the Military Band of the Belgian First Corps in Cologne. From February 1, 1985 he was the head of the Royal Symphonic Band of the Belgian Guides and held this position until 2003.
From 1983 to 1985 he served as conductor of the Harmonieorkest St. Michaël Thorn. Since June 27, 2004 he has been the conductor of the Koninklijke Harmonie of Thorn. He is also chief conductor of the Royal Netherlands Army Band "Johan Willem Friso" in Assen.
Teacher.
Nozy has taught at the Maastricht Academy of Music and the Lemmens Institute in Leuven. He has led seminars on the musical Les Rièzes et les Sarts to Cul-des-Sarts. Nozy teaches saxophone and wind band, at the Royal Conservatory of Brussels, where he also directs the orchestra of the conservatory. He gives master classes at home and abroad.
Juror.
He is also is a juror in international competitions, including (i) the World Music Festival (WMC) in Kerkrade, (ii) the Tenuto Competition in Brussels, and (iii) the Saxophone Festival in Dinant.
References.
General citations

</doc>
<doc id="31051719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051719" title="1985 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
1985 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 1985 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 10 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the fourth NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 1984 was Utah. The Competition took place in Salt Lake City, Utah hosted by the University of Utah in the Jon M. Huntsman Center.

</doc>
<doc id="31051755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051755" title="USS SC-36">
USS SC-36

USS "SC-36", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 36" or USS "S.C. 36", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
"SC-36" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 23 January 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 36", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 36".
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 36" was classified as SC-36 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-36".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-36" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31051801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051801" title="Benjamin Jeannot">
Benjamin Jeannot

Benjamin Jeannot (born 22 January 1992 in Laxou) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Nancy. He plays as a striker and is a French youth international having starred for his nation at under-16, under-17, and under-18 level. With the under-17 team, Jeannot played at the 2009 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship in Germany.
Career.
Early career.
Jeannot began his career with local club AS Dommartin-les-Toul in September 1999. In June 2002, he joined professional club AS Nancy. While in the club's youth academy, Jeannot scored 594 goals in various youth team sections.
Professional career.
In July 2009, Jeannot signed his first professional contract agreeing to a three-year deal with Nancy until June 2012. The contract made Jeannot the youngest professional football player in the club's history. He was, subsequently, promoted to the club reserve team in the Championnat de France amateur, the fourth level of French football. Jeannot appeared in 16 matches with the team scoring only one goal. In the 2010–11 season, he started the season with the reserve team again. After promising performances with the team, which included scoring all four goals in a victory over Lyon Duchère, Jeannot was called up to the senior team by manager Pablo Correa in February 2011. He made his professional debut on 12 February in the club's 3–1 win over Auxerre appearing as a substitute. Two weeks later, Jeannot appeared as a substitute in the team's 2–1 defeat to Marseille. On 11 March 2011, Jeannot signed a three-year contract extension with Nancy until June 2015. After signing the extension, he was permanently promoted to the first-team by manager Pablo Correa and assigned the number 10 shirt.
In 2012 July, he was loaned to Châteauroux, in Ligue 2.
International career.
Jeannot is a French youth international having starred for his nation at under-16, under-17, and under-18 level. He made his youth international debut at under-16 level on 4 December 2007 appearing as a substitute in a 3–0 victory over the Republic of Ireland. Jeannot appeared in six of the team's remaining seven matches as he failed to score a goal. At under-17 level, he made his debut with the team on 24 August 2008 in a 2–1 win over Slovakia in a tournament held in Austria. Jeannot scored his first youth international goal on 6 November in a 2–0 win over the United States. As a result of his performances with the team, he was named to the squad to participate in the 2009 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship. Jeannot started all three group stage matches as France crashed out of the competition in the group stage portion. At under-18 level, he appeared in six matches. Jeannot made his debut with the team at the Sendai Cup in Japan appearing in all three group stage matches. After missing two call-ups, he returned to the team to participate in the 2010 edition of the Copa del Atlántico, a yearly youth international competition held on the Canary Islands in Spain. In the opening group stage match against the hosts, Jeannot scored the equalizing goal in the team's 2–2 draw.
Career statistics.
Club.
"(Correct as of 30 June 2013)"

</doc>
<doc id="31051804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051804" title="Royal Square">
Royal Square

Royal Square or Royal Plaza is common name for a town square in many countries with a monarchy. This is contrasted with names like Republic Square or People's Square in republics.
Examples commonly know by their English names include:
Royal Square is also used as the English translation of many squares more often know by their local names, including:

</doc>
<doc id="31051865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051865" title="Djinn Chair">
Djinn Chair

The Djinn chair is an important design of the "Modernist" style. It was created by French designer Olivier Mourgue. Originally called the ""Low fireside chair"", it is also commonly referred to as the ""2001"" chair, because of its prominent appearance in the film "".
History.
The Djinn chair is actually one element of a series of Djinn furniture designed by noted French designer Olivier Mourgue. In 1964 the first piece of the series, a chaise longue, was introduced by "Airborne" in Merignac Cedex, France. The rest of the series was released in 1965, and includes the iconic ""Low fireside chair"", a two seat sofa, and a foot stool. The set remained in production until 1976. 
The name "Djinn" refers to an Islamic spirit capable of changing shape. The design's low profile was an attempt to emulate the informal lifestyle of the time. The set was introduced during a time when growing interest in Eastern mysticism was influencing Western decorative arts.
Survivors.
The stretch jersey covering used for the Djinn series did not wear well. Worse yet, the polyether foam used in construction of Djinn chairs has a tendency to degrade over time, causing the pieces to become unusable. "Things should have a short life," Mr. Mourgue said in 1965, when he was 26.
Djinn chairs were sold worldwide, and in Europe they have become valuable designer collectibles. Values in Europe remain varied depending on condition, with professionally restored chairs selling for $1,000 or more, and sofas for more than $1,800. In the United States the chairs remain largely forgotten, and little effort at restoration has occurred.
A 1964-1965 green Djinn Chaise Longue is in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York City. It was donated by George Tanier, Inc. in 1966 [http://www.moma.org/collection/object.php?object_id=3358]

</doc>
<doc id="31051918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051918" title="King's Square (disambiguation)">
King's Square (disambiguation)

King's Square is a common name of a town square in countries with a monarchy.
Examples in English include
King's Square is also the translation of many squares commonly referred to by their local name.

</doc>
<doc id="31051927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051927" title="Jair Eduardo Britto da Silva">
Jair Eduardo Britto da Silva

Jair Eduardo Britto da Silva (born 10 June 1988), simply known as Jair, is a Brazilian football player.
He awarded to 2008 Brasileiro Alagoras Championship Rookie of the Year, 2009 Brasileiro Quala Championship MVP, 2010 Brasileiro Serie B MVP. In 2011, he moved to South Korean team Jeju United.
In 2013, he moved to Japanese team JEF United Chiba. He came to substitute striker Yoshihito Fujita, who left the team for Yokohama F. Marinos in J. League Division 1.
In July 2013, he moved to Emirates Club who play in UAE Arabian Gulf League on a loan deal.

</doc>
<doc id="31051937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051937" title="1986 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship">
1986 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship

The 1986 NCAA Women's Gymnastics championship involved 10 schools competing for the national championship of women's NCAA Division I gymnastics. It was the fifth NCAA gymnastics national championship and the defending NCAA Team Champion for 1985 was Utah. The Competition took place in Gainesville, Florida hosted by the University of Florida in the O'Connell Center. The 1986 Championship marked the first time that a record score was not set.

</doc>
<doc id="31051960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051960" title="Tennessee Prison for Women">
Tennessee Prison for Women

The Tennessee Prison for Women (TPFW) is a Tennessee Department of Correction prison for women located in Nashville, Tennessee.
TPFW, the state's primary women's correctional facility, houses women of all custody levels. The prison serves as the state's new female prisoner intake and classification center, and it also houses all female death row inmates. There is currently only one female on death row in the state of Tennessee, Christa Pike. Women on death row are not housed in special death row units because few women go on death row. The prison first opened in 1966 and has a capacity of 760 inmates. The state classifies the prison as a maximum security institution.

</doc>
<doc id="31051967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051967" title="Doug Phillips (politician)">
Doug Phillips (politician)

Douglas George Phillips, also known as Doug Phillips, is a Canadian businessman and politician and the current Commissioner of Yukon.
Born in Toronto in 1946, Phillips moved to Whitehorse with his family as a child. He was first elected to the Yukon Legislative Assembly in 1985, serving fifteen years as the Yukon Party MLA for the territorial riding of Riverdale North. He served in the cabinet of Premier John Ostashek, holding the positions of Minister of Tourism, Minister of Education, Minister Responsible for the Women's Directorate, Minister of Justice, and Minister Responsible for the Public Service Commission. He retired from the Legislature in 2000, and was appointed to numerous boards and commissions in the years afterwards. In 2004 he joined the Yukon Land Use Planning Council, and was serving as its chair when he was appointed Commissioner of Yukon by Prime Minister Stephen Harper. He was also the Yukon Administrator (also referred to as the "assistant commissioner") at the time of his appointment.
Phillips's appointment gained wide approval in the territory.
Phillips and his wife, Dale Stokes, have five children and five grandchildren. Phillips is also an adopted member of the Carcross/Tagish First Nation's Deisheetaan clan.

</doc>
<doc id="31051994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31051994" title="Goldfield, Colorado">
Goldfield, Colorado

Goldfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in Teller County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 49.

</doc>
<doc id="31052001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052001" title="Midland, Colorado">
Midland, Colorado

Midland is a census-designated place (CDP) in Teller County, Colorado, United States. The Midland Terminal Railway maintained a station at Midland, midway between Divide and Cripple Creek. The population as of the 2010 Census was 156.

</doc>
<doc id="31052005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052005" title="Rajhesh Vaidhya">
Rajhesh Vaidhya

Rajhesh Vaidhya () (or, Vaidya), is an Indian veena player hailing from Tamil Nadu. Besides performing on stage, he has worked with various film music composers. He also acted in the movie "Viswa Thulasi" and in "Premi", a tele-serial. Vaidhya was a winner of the 2010 Kalaimamani award for his veena playing.
Music career.
Rajesh Vaidya has composed various albums and given many stage performances. He was music director for the movie "Vegam" by S. Ve. Shekher, starring Ashwin Shekher. He has also worked with Vidyasagar, Harris Jayaraj, Bharathwaj, Deva, Devi Sri Prasad, Srikanth Deva and Isaignani Ilaiyaraaja. He composed the music for K. Balachander's "Sahana", a television series.
He collaborated with Playing for Change, on the album Songs Around The World, (2008). He has performed with musicians and composers like Sir Elton John.

</doc>
<doc id="31052017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052017" title="West Ridge, Accra">
West Ridge, Accra

West Ridge is a district of Accra, Ghana bounded to the south by Kinbu Gardens. Barnes Road serves as the district's western boundary, while the Independence Avenue/Liberation Avenue is the eastern boundary. Castle Road separates West Ridge from the northern district of North Ridge. The Accra branch of the British Council is located in West Ridge off Liberia Road. 
Originally planned as a neighborhood for civil servants and businessmen in the colonial era, West Ridge is gradually being transformed into a commercial district. Among the new office towers cited in the district are the Heritage Tower, Ridge Tower, and Cedi House. A new Movenpick Ambassador Hotel is currently under construction in West Ridge to complement the pre-existing French Novotel hotel to cater to the business clientele.
The area of West Ridge, North Ridge, and East Ridge is collectively referred to as "The Ridge." This area is populated by several major embassies, including those of Germany and the United Kingdom. In addition, several of Accra’s upmarket hotels, and several Ghanaian administrative offices are located in this district.

</doc>
<doc id="31052044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052044" title="Salamonie River State Forest">
Salamonie River State Forest

Salamonie River State Forest is a state forest in Wabash and Huntington counties, Indiana. 
The forest is located along the Salamonie River and includes Salamonie Lake. The nearest city to the forest is Lagro. Salamonie State Forest is administered by the Indiana Department of Natural Resources. Salamonie River State Forest was established in the mid-1930s; the Civilian Conservation Corps reforested the site and built its recreational facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="31052069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052069" title="Katzenjammer Records">
Katzenjammer Records

Katzenjammer Records is an Australian-based independent record label founded 17 May 2006. It was formed by the vocalist of death metal band Dissymmetry purely to release the first two demos by the band. A few years later the label signed Melbourne's black doom metal band Wood Of Suicides. While the band was recording their debut album, the label licensed a mini album by New Zealand metal band Subtract, titled 'Winning Hearts and Minds'. Since then the label has re-released the first two albums by US cult death metal band Necrophagia, and will continue to release quality death, metal, industrial albums as the years progress.
Katzenjammer Records is also the owner of the Australian Street Press magazine called "Street Metal Magazine", which is a free publication with interviews from metal bands from across the globe. All issues will be up for free download soon on the labels website.

</doc>
<doc id="31052075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052075" title="Main Square">
Main Square

Main Square is a common name of the largest town square in many communities.
Main Square may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31052078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052078" title="Finnegan Begin Again">
Finnegan Begin Again

Finnegan Begin Again is a 1985 made-for-HBO original romantic comedy film starring Mary Tyler Moore and Robert Preston. The movie was filmed in Richmond, Virginia and premiered in February 1985 before being released on video.
Plot.
Michael Finnegan, a past-his-prime journalist, has been relegated to ghost-writing Dear Felicity, a column for the lovelorn. He and his wife live in a decaying neighborhood; his wife, still despondent over losing their young son, lives in a fantasy world. Despite these reversals, Finnegan retains his optimism: he knows human beings begin again, and again. He gets his own chance to begin again when, one day on the bus, he meets Liz DeHaan, an art teacher who is having an affair with a married man. 

</doc>
<doc id="31052088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052088" title="Anthony Quinn (judge)">
Anthony Quinn (judge)

Anthony B. Quinn was a Utah Third Judicial District court judge for Salt Lake County, Utah. He was appointed to this position in September 1996 by Gov. Michael O. Leavitt.
Early Life and Education.
Quinn was born in Virginia and lived for some time in Greenwich, Connecticut. Sometime while in high school, his father retired, moving the family back to his family's roots, settling in Bountiful, Utah. He received his Bachelor degree in history from Brigham Young University in 1976 and served as Note and Comment editor of the Law Review. He then graduated from J. Reuben Clark Law School at BYU in 1980, where he graduated in the top 5% of his class.
Death.
On October 24, 2013, while riding his bicycle up Millcreek Canyon in Utah, Quinn was hit head on by an elderly driver who became distracted behind the wheel, and crossed into oncoming traffic. Quinn was transported to an area hospital in critical condition where he later died from his injuries.
Legal career.
After graduating from law school at BYU, Quinn went to work as a law clerk for Utah federal district court judge David K. Winder. He worked there for a year before joining the Salt Lake City, Utah law firm of Ray, Quinney and Nebeker. He worked there from January 1982 to January 1992. He then joined law firm of Wood, Quinn and Crapo. He worked there for five years before being appointed as a judge for Utah's Third Judicial District. As well as practicing law and being a professor, Quinn has served on the Supreme Court Advisory Committee on the Rules of Civil Procedure, the Executive Committee of the Salt Lake Area Safe at Home Coalition.
Judicial career.
In September 1997, Quinn was appointed by the Governor Michael O. Leavitt to the position of judge on Utah's Third Judicial District. He served for 18 years.
Notable cases/rulings.
Judge Quinn presided over a lawsuit filed against the Governor of the State of Utah and others in 2010 by a member of the Utah State Board of Education who was ousted from the Board in the nomination and selection process. Judge Quinn rejected the constitutional challenge to the selection process, but did rule the process was conducted in violation of the Utah Open and Public Meetings Act. However, Judge Quinn ruled that the violations could not be rectified by voiding the actions taken against the plaintiff.
Judge Quinn presided over a lawsuit in which a family sued the Utah Department of Transportation (UDOT) for wrongful death for failing to maintain a barrier on Interstate 15. The jury decided in favor of UDOT. In 2012, the Utah Supreme Court reversed the decision and ordered a new trial. The Supreme Court found that Judge Quinn had erred in failing to give a jury instruction that favored the family.
Personal Background.
Quinn left behind a wife and three children. Two of his children are married and have associations with law, whether it be them or their spouse. John, the oldest, is an attorney in the Salt Lake area focusing on criminal defense and family law. Thomas is married to Kati Roos, and is pursuing his Ph. D. at the University of Utah. Analise is married to Mac Wilson and is an associate attorney at Kirton McConkie. Although Quinn was born and raised for the first eight years of his life on the east coast, he now considers Utah his home. In his free time, something you could find Quinn doing is cycling, something he has enjoyed for the last two decades. He logs about 10,000 miles per year and has gotten some of his children to ride with him. When asked what he likes most about his job, Judge Quinn explains that he "enjoys engaging in discussion with good lawyers," and he "loves the variety of cases."

</doc>
<doc id="31052089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052089" title="Chemical Diversity">
Chemical Diversity

Chemical Diversity (ChemDiv) is a fully integrated contract research organization headquartered in San Diego, California, with subsidiaries in Russia and Ukraine. It provides integrated discovery and development solutions to pharmaceutical and biotech companies for their research and development programs. ChemDiv offers a range of services to help their clients develop treatments and drugs for central nervous system, oncology, inflammation, metabolic, infectious and other diseases, from identification of a biological target (protein expression and assay development) to clinical drug candidates (ADME/DMPK, toxicity and safety studies, and efficacy models) to proof of concept drug candidates (Phase I and II) and to the market.
ChemDiv started in 1990 as a chemistry provider and has since become a full service contract research organization . Among its partners are Eli Lilly, Novartis, Dendreon, Merck KGaA, Solvay Pharmaceuticals, and Bayer.

</doc>
<doc id="31052153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052153" title="USS SC-37">
USS SC-37

USS "SC-37", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 37" or USS "S.C. 37", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
"SC-37" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 1 February 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 37", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 37".
In 1919, "Submarine Chaser No. 37" participated in North Sea minesweeping operations to clear the North Sea Mine Barrage.
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 37" was classified as SC-37 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-37".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-37" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31052161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052161" title="Blende, Colorado">
Blende, Colorado

Blende is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pueblo County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 878.

</doc>
<doc id="31052170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052170" title="Vineland, Colorado">
Vineland, Colorado

Vineland is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pueblo County, Colorado, United States. The population in the 2010 Census was 251.
Vineland is just east of the St. Charles River on East US Highway 50 (Business). It is the home of Pueblo County High School, Vineland Elementary School and Vineland Middle School. The area is known in the area for its family-operated vegetable farms.

</doc>
<doc id="31052173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052173" title="City of London market constabularies">
City of London market constabularies

The City of London market constabularies are three small constabularies responsible for security at Billingsgate, New Spitalfields and Smithfield markets run by the City of London Corporation.
Powers and duties.
Market constables now perform a mixture of security and emergency medical work and are no longer recognised as police officers and are not attested as such. However, their uniforms still say "Markets Police" out of tradition and their 'police-type' role. They are responsible for enforcing market bylaws, rules and regulations. They are not expected to get into serious confrontational roles, with more serious related work being handed over to the City of London Police or Metropolitan Police Service.
Uniforms and equipment.
Constables wear modern-day police uniforms and may wear: blue or white shirt and tie, protective stab vest, high visibility jackets and black (sometimes white-topped) peaked caps with the City of London crest. They may carry torches, radios, whistles and first aid kits on duty belts. Some constables may also carry a pair of hinged handcuffs. They do not carry batons or CS gas.
Vehicles.
If the constabulary has any vehicles it may only be one. These are normally liveried in fluorescent colours and with amber flashing lights to increase their presence. New Spitalfield Market Constabulary operates a Ford Ranger with a bright red stripe, a twin rotating amber flashing light on the roof and the City of London crest and "New Spitalfield Market Constabulary" below that, on the rear sides of the vehicle. Inside the Truckman rear are wheel clamps, road cones, first aid kits, fire extinguisher and granules to soak up diesel spills. 
Billingsgate Market Constabulary uses a Vauxhall Astra estate. It has a yellow stripe down each side and constabulary markings. It is the only vehicle they have to get around the fish market site. The car previously had a blue light attached to the roof that has now been permanently removed. It carries similar equipment to the Ford.
Smithfield Market Constabulary do not operate any vehicles because constables can easily walk around the meat market.

</doc>
<doc id="31052210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052210" title="Norrie, Colorado">
Norrie, Colorado

Norrie is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pitkin County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 7.

</doc>
<doc id="31052221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052221" title="The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists!">
The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists!

The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists! (released in North America, Australia and New Zealand as The Pirates! Band of Misfits) is a 2012 British-American 3D stop-motion animated adventure comedy film produced by Aardman Animations in partnership with Sony Pictures Animation. It was directed by Peter Lord. The film was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was released on 28 March 2012 in the UK and on 27 April 2012 in the US. "The Pirates!" features the voices of Hugh Grant in his animated feature film debut, Martin Freeman, Imelda Staunton, David Tennant, Jeremy Piven, Salma Hayek, Lenny Henry and Brian Blessed.
The film is loosely based on "The Pirates! in an Adventure with Scientists", the first book from Gideon Defoe's "The Pirates!" series. It follows The Pirate Captain and his crew of amateur pirates in their attempt to win the Pirate of the Year competition. "The Pirates!" is the fifth feature film by Aardman Animations, its first stop-motion clay animated feature since "" in 2005, and Aardman's first stop-motion clay animated film released in 3D and shot in 2.35:1 widescreen.
The film received positive reviews, while it was a modest box office success, earning $123 million against the budget of $55 million. The film was nominated for the 2013 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
Plot.
Set in 1837, the Pirate Captain (Hugh Grant), inexpert in the ways of pirates, leads a close-knit, rag-tag group of amateur pirates who are trying to make a name for themselves on the high seas. To prove himself and his crew, the Pirate Captain enters the Pirate of the Year competition, with the winner being whoever can plunder the most. After several failed attempts to plunder mundane ships, the Pirate Captain talks with his close friend and first mate, the Pirate with a Scarf (Martin Freeman), about giving up and selling baby clothes as a living, but is convinced to try boarding the next ship they find, which happens to be the "Beagle". They find no treasure but succeed in capturing Charles Darwin (David Tennant). Darwin recognizes the crew's pet Polly as the last living dodo, and implores the Pirate Captain to enter it into the Scientist of the Year competition at the Royal Society in London for a valuable prize. The Pirate Captain directs his ship to London. The Pirates disguise themselves as girl guides so that they don't get caught and executed, as Queen Victoria has a strong hatred of Pirates.
Darwin desires to win the Scientist prize on his own in order to impress Queen Victoria, on whom he has a crush. He uses Mr. Bobo, his trained chimpanzee who was from an old theory that parodies his own theory, to try to steal Polly. The Pirate with the Scarf witnesses the kidnapping but the attempt goes awry after alerting the other pirates. Darwin avoids implicating himself much to the Pirate with the Scarf's frustration, but now the Pirate Captain insists on hiding the bird and entering the competition on his own, and disguises himself and the whole crew as scientists, because the Pirates are the masters of disguise. The display of the dodo takes the top prize: a minuscule trophy, an Encyclopedia set and an opportunity to meet Queen Victoria (Imelda Staunton). During the ceremony, the Pirate Captain accidentally reveals his pirate identity, but Darwin convinces the Queen to spare the Captain's life because he knows the location of Polly. The Queen lets the Captain go free with a full pardon, but orders Darwin to locate the dodo by any means necessary.
Darwin takes the Pirate Captain to a tavern, and the latter ultimately reveals that he had stashed Polly in his beard. Darwin and Mr. Bobo are able to capture Polly and are chased by the Captain up into the Tower of London, where the Queen is waiting. The Queen quickly dismisses Darwin and Mr. Bobo, and then offers the Pirate Captain a large amount of treasure in exchange for Polly. Soon, the Pirate Captain reunites with his crew with his newfound wealth, stating that Polly is sleeping within his beard, and sets off for the Pirate of the Year ceremony. The Pirate with a Scarf expresses doubt to the validity of the Captain's story.
At the ceremony, the Pirate Captain wins the grand prize from the Pirate King (Brian Blessed), but rival pirate Black Bellamy (Jeremy Piven) makes the Queen's pardon known to all pirates in attendance. The Captain is stripped of the prize, his plunder, and his pirating licensing. And since he is no longer considered as a pirate, the Pirate King banishes the Pirate Captain from Blood Island and on learning that he lied about Polly's fate, his crew abandons him as well. The Captain returns alone to London to sell baby clothes, but soon becomes determined to free Polly. He re-encounters a now-devastated Darwin, who has learned that the Queen is part of a secret dining society with several other world leaders who are now aboard her steamship, the "QV1", waiting to eat the most rarest and most endangered animals. According to the menu, the high light of the year is: "Dodo ala Orange". The Pirate Captain enlists Darwin's help to steal an airship presented at the science contest and rescue Polly.
Aboard the "QV1", the Pirate Captain and Darwin disrupt the meal, and are soon joined by the rest of the Captain's crew, having been informed by Mr. Bobo of his need. The Queen locates them and after justifying her reasons behind her hatred of pirates (which is due to the fact that pirates to her are considered "old" and "dinosaurs" compared to new criminals of that timeframe), attempts to kill both of them, but together they best her. In the battle, they accidentally mix the ship's store of baking soda with vinegar, causing a violent reaction that rends the ship in two. The Pirate Captain rescues Polly and they escape safely, leaving behind a furious Queen. With his reputation among pirates restored because of the large bounty now on his head, the Pirate Captain and his crew continue to explore the high seas in search of adventure.
In a few post-credits scenes, they leave Darwin on the Galapagos Islands where he finally finds a girlfriend, Mr. Bobo joins the Captain's crew, the Queen is left at the mercy of some of the rare animals she had planned on eating, and Black Bellamy is also forcefully relinquished of his trophy by the Pirate King because of the Pirate Captain's new infamy.
Production.
Despite being a stop-motion film, Aardman extensively used computer graphics to complement and enrich the film with visual elements such as sea and scenery. Peter Lord commented, "With "Pirates!," I must say that the new technology has made "Pirates!" really liberating to make, easy to make because the fact that you can shoot a lot of green screen stuff, the fact that you can easily extend the sets with CG, the fact that you can put the sea in there and a beautiful wooden boat that, frankly, would never sail in a million years, you can take that and put it into a beautiful CG scene and believe it."
Naming.
For the release in the USA, the film has been retitled to "The Pirates! Band of Misfits". The official explanation from Aardman was that Defoe's books don't have "the same following outside of the UK," so it was not necessary to keep the original title. Hugh Grant, the voice of The Pirate Captain, said that the studio "didn't think the Americans would like the longer title." Response from the director of the film, Peter Lord, was that "some people reckoned the UK title wouldn't charm/ amuse / work in the US. Tricky to prove eh?" Quentin Cooper of the BBC analyzed the change of the title and listed several theories. One of them is that the British audience is more tolerant for the eccentricity of the British animators. Another is that the film makers did not want to challenge the US viewers who do not accept the theory of evolution. He also developed his own explanation, in which he notes that the word "scientist" is rarely used in the Hollywood films due to it not being "cool," representing "the mad scientist or the dweeby nerd that dress funny, have no social skills, play video games, long for unattainable women."
Controversy.
In January 2012, it was reported that the latest trailer of "The Pirates!" attracted some very negative reactions from the "leprosy community". In the trailer that was released in December, The Pirate Captain lands on a ship demanding gold, but is told by a crew member, "Afraid we don't have any gold old man, this is a leper boat. See," when his arm falls off. Lepra Health in Action and some officials from the World Health Organization, expressed that the joke shows the illness in a derogatory manner, and it "reinforces the misconceptions which leads to stigma and discrimination that prevents people from coming forward for treatment." They demanded an apology and removal of the offending scene, to which Aardman responded: "After reviewing the matter, we decided to change the scene out of respect and sensitivity for those who suffer from leprosy. The last thing anyone intended was to offend anyone...". LHA responded that it was "genuinely delighted that Aardman has decided to amend the film," while the trailer was expected to be pulled down from websites, and the theatrical version of the film has the word "leper" replaced with "plague".
Music.
The film's score was composed by Theodore Shapiro who made his animated feature score debut with this film. The score was released digitally by Madison Gate Records on 24 April 2012, and as a CD-R on-demand on 17 May 2012. The film also includes a number of previously released songs by various artists, including "Swords of a Thousand Men" by Tenpole Tudor, "Ranking Full-Stop" by The Beat, "London Calling" by The Clash, "You Can Get It If You Really Want" by Jimmy Cliff, "Alright" by Supergrass, and "I'm Not Crying" by Flight of the Conchords.
Release.
Home media.
"The Pirates!" was released on DVD, Blu-ray, and Blu-ray 3D on 28 August 2012 in the US, and on 10 September 2012 in the UK. The film is accompanied with an 18-minute short stop motion animated film called "So You Want to Be a Pirate!", where The Pirate Captain hosts his own talk show about being a true pirate. The short was also released on DVD on 13 August 2012, exclusively at Tesco stores in the UK. As a promotion for the release of "The Pirates!", Sony attached to every DVD and Blu-ray a code to download a "LittleBigPlanet 2" minipack of Sackboy clothing that represents 3 of the characters: The Pirate Captain, Cutlass Liz and Black Bellamy.
Reception.
Box office.
The film has grossed $123,054,041 worldwide. $26 million came from United Kingdom, $31 million from the United States and Canada, along with around $92 million from other territories, including the UK.
Critical response.
The film received positive reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 86% of 144 critics have given the film a positive review, with a rating average of 7.2 out of 10. The website's consensus is, "It may not quite scale Aardman's customary delirious heights, but "The Pirates!" still represents some of the smartest, most skillfully animated fare that modern cinema has to offer." Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, gives the film a score of 73 based on 31 reviews.
Potential sequel.
On 14 August 2011, Peter Lord tweeted that they are working on the sequel idea. In June 2012, Lord said in an interview that, "We've got the story, all we need now is the backing." In January 2013, Lord responded to a question whether the sequel will be out soon: "There's not going to be a sequel - well not in the foreseeable future." At a talk later in the year, he explained this was due to the film not meeting box office expectations in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31052226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052226" title="Gorgeous (EP)">
Gorgeous (EP)

Gorgeous is the 2nd mini-album released by the South Korean boy band, F.Cuz. The album was released in physical and digital format on November 18, 2010. The mini-album was also released in Japan and Taiwan on December 8, 2010 and December 16, 2010, respectively.
Track listing.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31052235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052235" title="Mathematics and the Imagination (book)">
Mathematics and the Imagination (book)

Mathematics and the Imagination is a book published in New York by Simon & Schuster in 1940. The authors are Edward Kasner and James R. Newman. The illustrator Rufus Isaacs provided 169 figures. It rapidly became a best-seller and received several glowing reviews. Special publicity has been awarded it since it introduced the term googol for 10100, and googolplex for 10googol. The book includes nine chapters, an annotated bibliography of 45 titles, and an index in its 380 pages.
Reviews.
According to I. Bernard Cohen, "it is the best account of modern mathematics that we have", and is "written in a graceful style, combining clarity of exposition with good humor".
According to T. A. Ryan’s review, the book "is not as superficial as one might expect a book at the popular level to be. For instance, the description of the invention of the term "googol" ... is a very serious attempt to show how misused is the term "infinite" when applied to large and finite numbers."
By 1941 G. Waldo Dunnington could note the book had become a best-seller. "Apparently it has succeeded in communicating to the layman something of the pleasure experienced by the creative mathematician in difficult problem solving."
Contents.
The introduction notes (p xiii) "Science, particularly mathematics, ... appears to be building the one permanent and stable edifice in an age where all others are either crumbling or being blown to bits."
The authors affirm (p xiv) "It has been our aim, ... to show by its very diversity something of the character of mathematics, of its bold, untrammelled spirit, of how, both as an art and science, it has continued to lead the creative faculties beyond even imagination and intuition."
In chapter one, "New names for old", they explain why mathematics is "the science that uses easy words for hard ideas". They note (p 5) "many amusing ambiguities arise. For instance, the word function probably expresses the most important idea in the whole history of mathematics. Also, the theory of rings is much more recent than the theory of groups. It is found in most of the new books on algebra, and has nothing to do with either matrimony or bells. Page 7 introduces the Jordan curve theorem. In discussing the Problem of Apollonius, they mention that Edmond Laguerre's solution considered circles with orientation.(p 13) In presenting "radicals", they say "The symbol for radical is not the hammer and sickle, but a sign three or four centuries old, and the idea of a mathematical radical is even older than that."(p 16) "Ruffini and Abel showed that equations of the fifth degree could not be solved by radicals."(p 17) (Abel-Ruffini theorem)
Chapter 2 "Beyond Googol" treats infinite sets. The distinction is made between a countable set and an uncountable set. Further, the characteristic property of infinite sets is given: an infinite class may be in 1:1 correspondence with a proper subset (p 57), so that "an infinite class is no greater than some of its parts" (p 43). In addition to introducing Aleph numbers the authors cite Lewis Carrol’s "The Hunting of the Snark", where instructions are given to avoid boojums when snark hunting. They say "The infinite may be boojum too." (p 61)
Chapter 3 is "Pie (π, i, e) Transcendental and Imaginary". To motivate e (mathematical constant), they discuss first compound interest and then continuous compounding. "No other mathematical constant, not even π, is more closely connected with human affairs" (p 86).
" has played an integral part in helping mathematicians describe and predict what is for man the most important of all natural phenomena – that of growth."
The exponential function, "y" = e"x" ... "is the only function of "x" with the rate of change with respect to "x" equal to the function itself." (p 87) 
The authors define the Gauss plane and describe the action of multiplication by i as rotation through 90°. They address Euler's identity, i.e. the expression "e"π i + 1 = 0, indicating that the venerable Benjamin Peirce called it "absolutely paradoxical".
A note of idealism is then expressed: "When there is so much humility and so much vision everywhere, society will be governed by science and not its clever people." (pp 103,4)
Chapter 4 is "Assorted Geometries, Plane and Fancy". Both Non-Euclidean geometry and four-dimensional space are discussed. The authors say (p 112) "Among our most cherished convictions, none is more precious than our beliefs about space and time, yet is more difficult to explain."
In the final pages the authors approach the question, "What is mathematics?" They say it is a "sad fact that it is easier to be clever than clear." The answer is not as easy as defining "biology". "n mathematics we have a universal language, valid, useful, intelligible everywhere in place and time ..." Finally, "Austere and imperious as logic, it is still sufficiently sensitive and flexible to meet each new need. Yet this vast edifice rests on the simplest and most primitive foundations, is wrought by imagination and logic out of a handful of childish rules." (p 358)

</doc>
<doc id="31052237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052237" title="Pipo de Clown">
Pipo de Clown

Pipo de Clown is a character created by writer and artist Wim Meuldijk, which became famous as the lead character of a popular early Dutch television series also written by Meuldijk, and which was subsequently popularized in movies and on records. The best-known of Pipo-actors was Amsterdam actor Cor Witschge, who played the part in the television series from 1958 to 1968 and from 1974 to 1980. The regular Pipo cast often performed in theaters and for company occasions. Pipo returned to the mainstream in the 2003 movie "Pipo en de p-p-Parelridder", and in the 2009-2010 theater season with the musical "Pipo en de Gestolen Stem".
History.
The first Pipo episode was televised on 17 September 1958; until 1964 Pipo's adventures were spread out over multiple episodes.
Pipo and his wife Mamaloe, with daughter Petra, live in a travel trailer and travel the country, performing as a circus act and running into adventures. In the first series, the family lives in an attic and travels on foot; in the second series, "Pipo en de Bibberhaai", Pipo is given his familiar trailer by the gipsy Felicio. In the fifth series, "Pipo en de Waterlanders", the two crooks Snuf and Snuitje (the "pearl thieves"), played by Rudi Falkenhagen en Will Spoor, make their first appearance. Another actor appearing for the first time in that series was Donald Jones, who played Mik in the television series "Mik & Mak" (also written by Meuldijk).
Between 1966 and 1968 the NTS showed five-minute episodes in the series "Dag vogels, dag bloemen, dag kinderen". Christel Adelaar, pregnant at the time, was replaced by Marijke Bakker. In two years, more than 600 episodes were filmed, after which the Arbeidsinspectie, the Dutch agency that regulates child labor, put a stop to Pipo and Mamaloe's daughter, Petra, appearing in the show. Pipo also appeared in print: from 1969 to 1973 "Donald Duck Magazine" ran a comics version, drawn by Jan van der Voo. 
After 1971 the VARA broadcasting association picked up the show for a number of long adventures, but Cor Witschge had been replaced by Cees van Oyen, and Marijke Bakker by Janine van Wely after a business conflict pertaining to copyright issues. The replacement actors turned out not to be popular at all, and the original actors returned the following season, though van Wely also returned, but as Pipo's sister, "Plom."
The last televised show was on 19 April 1980, after the VARA had judged that the show was too expensive. Cor Witschge played Pipo for the last time on 17 Februari 1990, on the television show "Rondom tien", after which he donated the Pipo costume to the Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision.
The return of Pipo.
The return of Pipo was touched upon when television talk show host Ivo Niehe interviewed Belinda Meuldijk, Wim Meuldijk's daughter, and her husband, singer Rob de Nijs. Niehe tried to sell the idea to various broadcasters but without success, and the rights were bought by Endemol. Auditions were held, and Joep Dorren was chosen as the new Pipo. The script for a pilot and for six episodes was written, and the 40-minute long pilot (filmed in 1999 on Rob de Nijs's estate) proved very popular. The public broadcasting corporations, however, had no faith in Pipo's chance of success, and in the end Endemol decided to make the series into a feature movie, "Pipo en de p-p-parelridder", directed by Martin Lagestee and with a script by Wim Meuldijk. The movie was filmed in Spain for around 3.5 million Euro and premiered in November 2003. The role of Snuf was played by Rudi Falkenhagen, age 72, and the last survivor of the original television show; he died two years later.
For the 2009-2010 season, Raymond Aerts en Gerard Cornelissen (prompted and supervised by Belinda Meuldijk) staged a musical, "Pipo en de Gestolen Stem", in which Pipo travels to the empire of Zozonia to retrieve the stolen voice of Mamaloe. Belinda Meuldijk wrote the lyrics for the songs.

</doc>
<doc id="31052241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052241" title="Symphonies (EP)">
Symphonies (EP)

Symphonies is the second EP by American rock band In Fear and Faith. It consists of symphonic orchestral renditions of some of the group's best known songs with a guest vocalist included on nearly every track. It was released on May 3, 2011 through Rise Records.
Background.
The planning and idea for "Symphonies" began during 2011. Guest vocalists were confirmed to be included on most of the tracks shortly after the leak for "The Road to Hell Is Paved with Good Intentions" which features Craig Owens.
Due to unclean vocalist, Cody Anderson's departure from the band in 2010, Scott Barnes performs both vocal duties (singing and screaming) on the EP. This release is the first by the band not to employ dual vocalists (other than their demo) as they have been known to feature since their success.

</doc>
<doc id="31052255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052255" title="Town Line">
Town Line

Town Line is the first EP by Staind frontman Aaron Lewis. An extended play consisting of country songs, it was released on March 1, 2011 on Stroudavarious Records. As of the chart dated September 3, 2011, the album has sold 200,208 copies in the US.
Content.
The first single, "Country Boy," which features George Jones, Charlie Daniels, and Chris Young, was released on December 7, 2010. This song has charted on both Hot Country Songs and Rock Songs. The track "Tangled Up in You" is a re-recording of a song from Staind's album "The Illusion of Progress".
Live versions of the songs "Vicious Circles" and "Country Boy" also appear on the deluxe edition of Lewis' 2012 album, "The Road".
Critical reception.
Giving it three stars out of five, Jessica Phillips of "Country Weekly" thought that the songs were "rich with imagery." She also praised Lewis for "resistthe temptation to don a faux twang", but criticized the single "Country Boy" as "an unfortunately overextended string of rural impressions." Sam Gazdziak of The 9513 rated it two stars out of five, calling "Country Boy" "turgid" and "polarizing", also criticizing the three versions present on the EP. His review criticized most of the songs for their themes, but praised "Vicious Circles" and "Tangled Up in You" by saying that they "don’t sound like Lewis was working off of a checklist of things that belong in country music[…and they end up being the best two of the bunch." Stephen Thomas Erlewine criticized Lewis for having "no good feel for country music tradition", and saying that "By Lewis' limited reading, country music is only about god, guns, family, and country". He gave the album one star out of five.

</doc>
<doc id="31052285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052285" title="One Entrance, Many Exits">
One Entrance, Many Exits

One Entrance, Many Exits is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1982 and released by the Palo Alto label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "the combination of musicians works quite well. Pianist Mal Waldron has an inside/outside post bop style that matches perfectly with tenor-saxophonist Joe Henderson, bassist David Friesen and drummer Billy Higgins". 

</doc>
<doc id="31052292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052292" title="Carlo Bordini">
Carlo Bordini

Carlo Bordini (born in Rome 1938) is an Italian poet.

</doc>
<doc id="31052293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052293" title="Ayre (disambiguation)">
Ayre (disambiguation)

Ayre is one of the six sheadings (governmental subdivisions) in the Isle of Man.
Ayre may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31052300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052300" title="Colona, Colorado">
Colona, Colorado

Colona is a census-designated place (CDP) in Ouray County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 30.
On March 18, 1956, a small plane crashed just northwest of the town center of Colona. No one was reported to be injured.

</doc>
<doc id="31052305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052305" title="Mátra Power Plant">
Mátra Power Plant

Mátra Power Plant (Hungarian: "Mátrai Erőmű"), is a lignite fired power plant in the valley of the Mátra mountains, Hungary. It has a total capacity of 950 MW, with expansion opportunities. In the previous years, there were several attempts to exploit the vast lignite reserves, and there were rumours that an additional block will be built, but in late 2010, the project was cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="31052307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052307" title="Portland, Colorado">
Portland, Colorado

Portland is a census-designated place (CDP) in Ouray County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 135. Portland is located between Ridgway and Ouray.

</doc>
<doc id="31052309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052309" title="540th Aircraft Control and Warning Group">
540th Aircraft Control and Warning Group

The 540th Aircraft Control and Warning Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was assigned to the 32d Air Division, stationed at Stewart Air Force Base, New York. It was inactivated on 6 February 1952.
This command and control organization activated on 16 February 1953, and was responsible for the organization, manning and equipping of new Aircraft Control and Warning (Radar) units. It was dissolved after about a year, with the units being assigned directly to the 32d AD.

</doc>
<doc id="31052318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052318" title="USS SC-38">
USS SC-38

USS "SC-38", during her service life known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 38" or USS "S.C. 38", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
"SC-38" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 1 February 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 38", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 38".
In 1919, "Submarine Chaser No. 38" participated in North Sea minesweeping operations to clear the North Sea Mine Barrage. During these operations, she struck a mine on 4 September 1919 and was damaged, but suffered no casualties. She was salvaged, and the Navy sold her to Thomas Lee of Ipswich, England, in December 1919.
The U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, after "Submarine Chaser No. 38" had left Navy service. Had she remained in Navy service at that date, she would have been classified as SC-38 and her name would have been shortened to USS "SC-38", and she now is referred to retrospectively by this name.

</doc>
<doc id="31052360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052360" title="Sara Poulsen">
Sara Poulsen

Sara Poulsen (born January 2, 1984) is a Danish actress born and raised in Copenhagen, the capital of Denmark. She dubs characters in Disney produced material. She is known for dubbing Candace Flynn in Phineas and Ferb. She also dubs London Tipton, played by Brenda Song, in the Danish version of The Suite Life on Deck. She contributes to dubbing commercials, shows, and movies in Danish.

</doc>
<doc id="31052374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052374" title="Minuscule 843 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 843 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 843 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε237 (von Soden), is a 12th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript is lacunose.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 235 parchment leaves (size ). The leaves 38-41 with text Matthew 15:33-17:18 were supplied in the 14th century. The text is written in one column per page, 24 lines per page.
The manuscript is ornamented.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 233 Sections, the last in 16:8), with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum (no Eusebian Canon tables), Prolegomena, the tables of the ("tables of contents") before each of the Gospels, and lectionary markings.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex placed in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual cluster 1167 in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made.
The text of the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is omitted.
History.
C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 12th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 12th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (843e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Biblioteca Nazionale Vittorio Emanuele III Ms. II. A. 37), in Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="31052380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052380" title="Pat Jordan (author)">
Pat Jordan (author)

Pat Jordan (born April 22, 1941 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is a leading sports writer with his work included in the Best American Sports Writing anthology series seven times. He is also the acclaimed author of "A False Spring", a bittersweet memoir about his minor league baseball career, which is ranked #37 on Sports Illustrated's Top 100 Sports Books of All Time. and Time Magazine called “one of the best and truest books about baseball, and about coming to maturity in America…”
Minor league baseball player.
Pat Jordan grew up in Fairfield, Connecticut where he became a highly pursued baseball prospect after going 17-4 over three seasons for the Fairfield Prep Jesuits. On July 9, 1959, after being pursued by over 15 major league baseball organizations, he signed a $36,000 bonus with the Milwaukee Braves, which at the time was reported to be the highest amount given to any new player signed by the organization. He reported to the McCook Braves of the Nebraska State League where he played alongside teammates and future major leaguers Phil Niekro and Joe Torre. He struggled in the minors for three seasons, as chronicled in his memoir, "A False Spring", at which point he retired and returned home to Connecticut to pursue his writing career.
Writer.
Jordan is the author of eleven books and a regular contributor to a number of prominent periodicals. Jordan work has been included in Best American Sports Writing seven times, the Best American Mystery Stories, Best American Crime Writing, Best American Essays, and the Norton Anthology of World Literature.
Best American Sports Writing.
The following writings of Pat Jordan have appeared in the Best American Sports Writing anthology series: 
Best American Mystery Stories.
The following writings of Pat Jordan have appeared in the Best American Mystery Stories anthology series:
Best American Crime Writing.
The following writings of Pat Jordan have appeared in the Best American Crime Writing anthology series:
Education.
Jordan graduated from the Fairfield College Preparatory School in 1959 and received his bachelors degree in English from Fairfield University in 1965.
Personal.
Jordan is married to the mother of actress Meg Ryan. They reside in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31052389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052389" title="The Hottest Night of the Year">
The Hottest Night of the Year

The Hottest Night of the Year is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1982. The album peaked at number 90 on the Billboard 200.
The album's first single, a cover of the 1961 Bruce Channel hit "Hey Baby" was a U.S. country top-ten single, reaching number 7; the following up single, "Somebody's Always Saying Goodbye", also peaked at number 7 on the country singles chart. Both singles topped the Canadian country singles charts.

</doc>
<doc id="31052398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052398" title="Joyce McKee">
Joyce McKee

Joyce McKee (born c. 1933) is a Canadian curler from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. She is a five time Canadian champion. 
McKee won her very first provincial title as a skip in 1954, before the creation of a Canadian women's championship. She won again in 1960, earning the right to play at the Western Canada women's championship in Victoria, British Columbia. Her Saskatchewan rink defeated Alberta 14–11 in the Western final, and was invited to play the Eastern Canadian champion Ruth Smith rink from Quebec in an unofficial championship in Oshawa, Ontario. McKee's team defeated the Quebec team in two matches, 11–3 and 8–5.
The following season, the McKee rink once again won the provincial title. This time, the Canadian Ladies' Curling Association organized a national championship with a similar format to the Brier, the Canadian men's championship. This first event would be called the 1961 Diamond D Championship, and it was held at the Ottawa Hunt and Golf Club in Ottawa. McKee and her rink of Sylvia Fedoruk, Barbara MacNevin, Rosa McFee won the new event, finishing with an undefeated 9-0 record. 
In 1969, McKee returned to national championship, skipping the team of Vera Pezer, Lenore Morrison and Jennifer Falk to another Saskatchewan and Canadian championship. The team was tied with Ontario in their final round robin game with a 7–1 record. They happened to play Ontario in their final game which they won, 6–5, earning them the championship. The team then changed its lineup to have Pezer skip and McKee throw second stones, and brought in Sheila Rowan to throw third stones. This team won three more Saskatchewan and Canadian national championships from 1971 to 1973. 

</doc>
<doc id="31052399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052399" title="Bute Dock Police">
Bute Dock Police

Bute Dock Police was a small police force responsible for policing Bute Docks, in Cardiff, Wales. The force was formed in 1858 and was merged into the Great Western Railway Police in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="31052428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052428" title="Outline of the psychiatric survivors movement">
Outline of the psychiatric survivors movement

The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the psychiatric survivors movement:
Psychiatric survivors movement – diverse association of individuals who are either currently clients of mental health services, or who consider themselves survivors of interventions by psychiatry, or who identify themselves as ex-patients of mental health services. The movement typically campaigns for more choice and improved services, for empowerment and user-led alternatives, and against the prejudices they face in society.

</doc>
<doc id="31052432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052432" title="A Little Good News (album)">
A Little Good News (album)

A Little Good News is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1983. The album peaked at number 9 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. The title track topped the country singles charts in the U.S.; "That's Not the Way (It's S'posed to Be)" was also released as a single.

</doc>
<doc id="31052433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052433" title="Meteor Stadium (Zhukovsky)">
Meteor Stadium (Zhukovsky)

Meteor Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Zhukovsky, Russia. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by FC Saturn-2 Moscow Oblast of the Russian Second Division. It is also used for athletics competitions, including the Znamensky Memorial. The stadium has a capacity of 7,500 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="31052440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052440" title="Trisulfur">
Trisulfur

The molecule or trisulfur or sulfur trimer or thiozone or triatomic sulfur is an allotrope of sulfur. It occurs as a mixture in liquid and gaseous sulfur and also at cryogenic temperatures as a solid. Under standard conditions it is unstable and self reacts to solid sulfur cyclooctasulfur. The molecule shape is similar to ozone. is found in sulfur vapour, comprising 10% of vapour species at and . It is cherry red in colour, with a bent structure, similar to ozone, .
The molecule has a distance between sulfur atoms of and angle at the central atom of . However, cyclic , where the sulfur atoms are arranged in an equilateral triangle with three bonds (similar to cyclic ozone), should in theory be lower in energy than the bent structure actually observed.
The name Thiozone was invented by Hugo Erdmann in 1908 who hypothesized that made up a large proportion of liquid sulfur. However its existence was unproven until the experiments of J. Berkowitz in 1964.
Using mass spectrometry, he showed that sulfur vapour contains the molecule. Above is the second most common molecule after in sulfur gas. In liquid sulfur the molecule is not common until the temperature is high, such as . However small molecules like this contribute to most of the reactivity of liquid sulfur. has an absorption peak of with a tail extending into blue light.
Natural occurrence.
It occurs naturally on Io in volcanic emissions. Also is likely to appear in the atmosphere of Venus at heights of , where it is in thermal equilibrium with and . The reddish colour of Venus atmosphere at lower levels is likely to be due to .
Reactions.
Tungsten and group-8 metal carbonyls, for example iron carbonyl, in theory can replace a carbonyl group with .
Formation of compounds with a defined number of sulfur atoms is possible:
Radical anion.
The ion has been shown to be stable in aqueous solution under pressure of , and is expected to occur naturally at depth in the earth's crust where subduction or high pressure metamorphism occurs. This ion is probably important in movement of copper and gold in hydrothermal fluids.
Lithium hexasulfide (which contains , another polysulfide radical anion) with tetramethylenediamine solvation reacts with acetone or donor solvents to form .
The radical anion was also made by reducing sulfur gas with in a matrix. The material is strongly blue coloured when dry and changes colour to green and yellow in the presence of trace amounts of water. Another way to make it is with polysulfide dissolved in hexamethylphosphoramide where it gives a blue colour.
Other methods of production of include reacting sulfur with slightly dampened magnesium oxide.
Raman spectroscopy can be used to identify , and it can be used non-destructively in paintings. The bands are for symmetric stretch, for asymmetric stretch, and for bending. Natural materials can also contain which has an optical absorption at and Raman band at .
Trisulfide ion.
The trisulfide ion, is part of the polysulfide series. The sulfur chain is bent at an angle of 107° 53'. has a bond length in the trisulfide ion of .

</doc>
<doc id="31052472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052472" title="In Retrospect">
In Retrospect

In Retrospect is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1982 and originally released by the Japanese Baybridge label. 

</doc>
<doc id="31052476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052476" title="Milk and Honey (novel)">
Milk and Honey (novel)

Milk and Honey is a 1990 novel by Faye Kellerman, Peter Decker/Rina Lazarus series, William Morrow and Company. It takes place about eighteen months after "Sacred and Profane", when Decker is 41, in Los Angeles, in the Foothill Division of the LAPD.
Plot summary.
Decker finds a toddler with blood-soaked pajamas in the early morning hours while driving home from the yeshiva. He brings her in to the station to turn her over to child services and starts trying to locate the family she came from. His only clue is a number of bee stings. Pete also finds himself posting bail for an old Army buddy of his (Abel Atwater) who had been charged with rape and assault. Abel offers to do repair work on his barn while Pete is off locating the girl's family. In the meantime, Rina is flying in from New York City for a visit for some alone time and to discuss their upcoming marriage. While backtracking clues in the found toddler's case he finds the family home is the site of a quadruple murder and that her name is Katie Darcy. Decker has to slog through a lot of peripheral clues in the case, including a biker bar and a backwoods section of Los Angeles County. His partner Marge Dunn ends up dealing further with one of the potential parents of Katie whose own child was kidnapped in a custody case. She remembered the face and succeeded in putting a name to it. In a raid on the father's house she gets her skull cracked and is lucky to come out of it alive. Meanwhile, Rina and Abel have found an odd sort of relationship based on his and Decker's mutual past and Abel's bitterness over happenings during the war. He ends up frightening and offending her greatly though she does forgive him in the end. In finding the murderer of Katie's family and clearing Abel's name Decker finds an odd parallel in family circumstance.

</doc>
<doc id="31052480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052480" title="W. R. Davies">
W. R. Davies

William Robert Davies (August 19, 1893 in Tenino, Washington – December 10, 1959 in Eau Claire, Wisconsin) was a Wisconsin educator who was named the second president of Eau Claire State Teachers College in December 1940. Major accomplishments during his tenure (1941–1959) include the establishment of the faculty senate, student government and the University Foundation; creation of The Forum, one of the oldest continuous lecture series in the country; the first addition of academic buildings since the founding of the school in 1916; building of the first residence halls, student center and library; acquisition of the 230-acre Putnam Park; purchase of 48 acres of land for an upper campus; the first accreditation by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools; and the first bachelor and liberal arts degrees.
Life and accomplishments.
Birth and education.
William Robert Davies was born August 19, 1893, in Tenino, Washington. He was the third son of David and Sarah Davies, pioneer settlers of Welsh ancestry who had moved to Washington from Wisconsin. His family returned to Wisconsin, to a farm near Cambria in Columbia County, when Davies was four years old. He graduated from Cambria High School in 1911, and entered Ripon College with a major in mathematics and philosophy. Davies received his bachelor of arts degree in 1915, and in 1921 received his master's degree in education at the University of Wisconsin at Madison. He took additional courses in education at Columbia University, the University of Chicago and the University of Minnesota.
Early professional life.
Davies began his teaching career in 1915, as the assistant principal of the Endeavor Academy, a private Congregational school in Marquette County. In September 1917 Davies joined the YMCA staff at Camp Custer in Michigan, and in November he enlisted in the U.S. Army Medical Corps. In April 1919 he was discharged as a sergeant first class; he was later commissioned as a reserve first lieutenant and remained in the reserve forces until 1930. 
As a school administrator in Wisconsin, Davies was principal of McKinley Senior High School in Marshfield (1919–1923), principal and superintendent of schools at Shawano (1923–1925), and superintendent of schools at Beaver Dam (1925–1931). In 1931 he became superintendent of schools at Superior. In December 1940 Davies accepted the presidency of Eau Claire State Teachers College. He served there until his death on December 10, 1959.
Eau Claire State Teachers College.
W. R. Davies was introduced to the 46 faculty and 700 students of Eau Claire State Teachers College, a four-year teaching college in west-central Wisconsin, at an assembly on December 18, 1940. He began his duties as the college's second president on January 1, 1941.
In his first year, Davies inaugurated the faculty senate and created student government. He established a rapport with the Eau Claire community and launched a vigorous campaign for new buildings on the 28-acre campus, which then comprised only the Old Main building, a small heating plant and an engineer's cottage. He put a more modern record-keeping system in place, initiated the faculty class advisement system, and produced the college's first freshman orientation week. In 1942 Davies established The Forum, one of the longest continuous lecture series in the United States, to express his vision of what the college might become as a cultural center. Speakers presented during the Davies years included John Mason Brown, Margaret Bourke-White, Bennett Cerf, Norman Cousins, Bernard DeVoto, Sinclair Lewis, Wayne Morse, Carl Rowan, Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., and Dorothy Thompson. 
Davies was widowed in October 1942, after the sudden illness and death of Erva Barron Davies, to whom he was married in 1920. He was left with three teenage children. Two years later Davies was married to Delpha Smith, supervisor of music in the Eau Claire public schools.
When enrollment declined to fewer than 400 students due to World War II, Davies obtained the college's accreditation for the Navy V-1 Program, which prepared freshmen and sophomores for graduation into the program as officers. He requested that an Army training unit be assigned to Eau Claire State Teachers College, and in March 1943 the campus welcomed a contingent of Army Air Corps cadets that boosted enrollment by 300 during the war years. The training program lasted until June 1944, and the college received a Certificate of Service award for its placement in the top ten percent of the colleges in the Western Flying Training Command. In cooperation with the Veterans Administration, the college established a veterans counseling center in 1945, to serve veterans from 29 counties. 
Enrollment more than doubled for 1946–1947 and included more than 300 veterans studying on the G. I. Bill. The housing shortage was met by remodeling barracks buildings brought to campus for the Army Air Corps cadets, and by housing students in private Eau Claire homes. In 1946, after three Eau Claire citizens advanced the capital, a State Street mansion two blocks away from Old Main was purchased and remodeled for the first women's residence facility on campus. Davies purchased 20 acres on the bluff behind Putnam Park in 1946, and later purchased an additional 28 acres, for future college expansion to an upper campus.
Davies established an administrative council of the faculty (1943) to improve contacts with the community, and an area committee (1945) to promote higher education and give the community a voice in policy-making. Through Davies' influence, Eau Claire businessman William McIntyre was appointed to the Wisconsin Board of Regents (1945–1966) and faculty member Eugene McPhee was appointed the board's director (1948). Their voices countered long-standing pressure to convert Eau Claire State Teachers College to a two-year junior college of the University of Wisconsin, and advanced Davies' vision that Eau Claire become a four-year liberal arts college.
Throughout the 1940s, Davies steadily steered the campus toward meeting accreditation requirements. A pre-application survey was completed in 1946, and in April 1950 Eau Claire State Teachers College was accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools for the first time. In 1951 the Wisconsin Legislature permitted the college to grant bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees, and the name of the college became Wisconsin State College at Eau Claire.
Wisconsin State College at Eau Claire.
W. R. Davies is credited for the physical expansion of Wisconsin State College at Eau Claire in the 1950s. In September 1951 he set in place the cornerstone for four interconnected buildings that were the first permanent structures built on the campus since the school's founding in 1916. The complex comprised educational facilities for the campus school, teacher training, theatre and physical education. The first residence halls built for the purpose opened in 1955 and 1958. In 1957 the college acquired the 230-acre Putnam Park from the city of Eau Claire, and ground was broken for the first college center, built south of Old Main. Davies presided at the groundbreaking for the college's first library building, west of Old Main, in May 1959. 
Davies organized the Wisconsin State College Foundation in 1958 and served on its inaugural board. The foundation was created to raise funds for the new National Defense Student Loans Program that provided low-interest loans for promising but needy students. Providing the loans required local funds to match the federal grants on a one-to-nine basis. 
Illness forced Davies into semi-retirement in September 1959, when he announced that he would retire in January 1960. Davies presented Leonard Haas, dean of instruction, as his successor at an all-college convocation November 18, 1959. Haas succeeded to the presidency when Davies died December 10, 1959, after a heart attack. Davies was interred at Lakeview Cemetery in Eau Claire.
Legacy.
Six days after William R. Davies' death, the Wisconsin Board of Regents approved the college's request that the recently completed college center be named the W. R. Davies College Center. It was the first building on the Eau Claire campus to be named for an individual. 
On January 21, 1960, the Wisconsin Legislature voted a Resolution of Commendation (Joint Resolution No. 118 S) recognizing Davies' outstanding contributions to education in Wisconsin.
On May 7, 1960, the Wisconsin State College Foundation launched its first major fundraising campaign, the W. R. Davies Memorial Fund. A goal of $15,000 was set, with all funds to be directed to match federal grants for National Defense Student Loans. The campaign kicked off with a live three-hour television broadcast hosted by students, in which more than 200 people participated. More than $16,000 was raised for the student loan program in five months, when annual giving up to that time had rarely reached $1,000. Each dollar raised was matched by nine dollars in federal grants for the student loan program, which played a significant role in increasing enrollment.
After it opened its doors to 1,708 students and 97 faculty in 1959, Davies Center grew with enrollment through additions and updates in 1964, 1976, 1982 and 1991. In 2000 students voted to fund another redevelopment of Davies Center through their fees, but it was later determined that a new student center building was needed and that the existing Davies Center would be deconstructed. The new 170,000 square foot, $48.8 million student center would be funded entirely by student fees. In April 2010 university officials told the Eau Claire "Leader-Telegram" that the new building would most likely be named for a major financial donor, and that only a significant space within the new student center would be named for William R. Davies. But a year later, after a survey of UW-Eau Claire students, faculty, staff, alumni and emeriti, the administration announced at the formal groundbreaking event that the new building would be named W. R. Davies Student Center.
"No drama was found in the revelation that the new UW-Eau Claire student center will retain the W. R. Davies moniker," reported the "Leader-Telegram", "just satisfaction that a key early leader of the university will continue to be honored for many decades to come."

</doc>
<doc id="31052486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052486" title="Heart over Mind (Anne Murray album)">
Heart over Mind (Anne Murray album)

Heart Over Mind is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1984. The album peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
the album's first single, "Nobody Lovs Me Like You Do", a duet with Dave Loggins, topped the U.S. country singles chart, while the follow-up single, "Time Don't Run Out on Me" reached #2; both singles topped the Canadian country singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31052508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052508" title="California Shine the Light law">
California Shine the Light law

California's "Shine the Light" law (CA Civil Code § 1798.83) is a privacy law passed by the California State Legislature in 2003. It became an active part of the California Civil Code on January 1, 2005. It is considered one of the first attempts by a state legislature in the United States to address the practice of sharing customers' personal information for marketing purposes, also known as "list brokerage." The law outlines procedures requiring companies to disclose upon the request of a California resident what personal information has been shared with third parties, as well as the parties with which the information has been shared. The law also outlines specific language that companies who do business with California residents must include in their online privacy policies.
History.
The original bill, California S.B. 27, was introduced to the California State Senate by Liz Figueroa in December of 2002. The bill's co-authors included State Senators Dede Alpert, Sheila Kuehl, Gloria Romero, and Nell Soto.
The bill arose out of increasing concern with business practices in which consumers' personal information, collected by the company with which a consumer engaged in business, was sold to other third-party companies without the knowledge of the consumer. In support of the bill, Figueroa's office offered the State Senate numerous examples of lists of personal information available for purchase on the Internet. Figueroa's office wrote:
After approval in the Senate, the bill went to the California State Assembly, where a number of concerns arose regarding "undue burden" placed on businesses. The authors made several changes to address business interests, including the addition of a provision granting a business 90 days to "cure a violation" and an exemption for small businesses. Revisions also provided businesses the option to either respond to incoming requests from consumers who want to know how their information is being used or to allow users to opt-out and "stop their information from being shared for marketing purposes."
The bill was amended three times in the State Senate and five times in the State Assembly. It passed the Assembly on September 8, 2003 and the Senate on September 12, 2003. On September 24, 2003, Governor Gray Davis signed it into law. The bill became operative on January 1, 2005.
Requirements.
The law applies to all for-profit businesses that conduct business with any resident of California and have "shared customer personal information with other companies for their direct marketing use within the immediately preceding calendar year," with the exception of businesses with fewer than 20 employees, federal financial institutions, non-profit organizations, political groups and politicians, providers of public real estate records, and credit reporting bureaus. Businesses that maintain a free and public privacy policy that allows users to opt in to or opt out of information sharing are also exempt. The law defines "customer" as "an individual who is a resident of California who provides personal information to a business during the creation of, or throughout the duration of, an established business relationship if the business relationship is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes." A business does not need to be located in California, it simply needs to have a single customer who resides in the state.
Personal information.
Under the "Shine the Light" law, California defines 27 categories as "personal information" when disclosed to third parties.
Notification and contact points.
The law requires that a business establish designated contact point—email address, a mailing address, or a phone or fax number—where they may direct Information-Sharing Disclosure requests. In addition, a business must do at least one of the following:
Disclosure and violations.
Businesses must provide to the consumer a complete list of all personal information disclosed to third parties and the nature of that information within 30 days of the request (150 days if a request goes to another address or contact point that is not the designated contact point). However, the law requires a business to respond to requests from a single customer only once in a calendar year. The response must include the categories of information disclosed and the companies to which they were disclosed in the last calendar year. Businesses with privacy policies of allowing users to opt in or opt out can respond to Information-Sharing Disclosure requests with the information on how to opt in or opt out.
If a business receives notice that they have failed to comply by submitting incomplete information or not responding to the request at all, the law provides a grace period of 90 days for them to provide complete information as requested. However, if a business fails to meet a consumer's request according to the law, that customer is entitled to recover civil damages of up to $500. If a company willfully fails to comply, the damages increase to up to $3,000 plus attorney's fees.
Rate of Compliance.
Though the law officially went into effect on January 1, 2005, a 2009 independent study found evidence of uneven compliance. Researchers compiled a list of 112 businesses that were subject to SB 27 and did not supply an opt-out option that would exempt them from required disclosure. When these 112 businesses were served information sharing disclosure requests, only 59 of them responded as required by law.

</doc>
<doc id="31052537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052537" title="Something to Talk About (album)">
Something to Talk About (album)

Something to Talk About is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1986. The album peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31052546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052546" title="John Paul Kennedy">
John Paul Kennedy

John Paul Kennedy is a Third Judicial District court Judge in Salt Lake County, Utah. He was appointed to the bench in 2004.
Early Years and Education.
John Paul Kennedy was born and reared in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He resided there through completion of high school. He attended Harvard University graduating with honors in 1963. In his senior year, he married his wife whom he met while attending Harvard. Judge Kennedy was captain of the Harvard Freshman and Varsity fencing teams. He received his law degree from Stanford University in 1966, where he was a member of the Board of Editors of the Stanford Law Review.
Kennedy authored articles for the Stanford Law Review such as "Toward Expediting Labor Injuctions under § 10(l) of the Taft-Hartley Act" and "Res Ipsa Loquitur Requires Nursery School to Explain Pupil's Injuries: Res Ipsa Loquitur. Burden of Proof. Infants. Schools and School Districts".
Legal career.
During his 30+ years as a practicing attorney, Kennedy has been involved in some significant litigation. He practiced law in Chicago, Illinois, from 1966 until 1972. Upon arriving in Utah, Kennedy was a partner in various Salt Lake City law firms, including Boyden & Kennedy, Nielson & Senior, and Edwards, McCoy & Kennedy. During his career, his practice focused on labor law, employment relations, and Indian affairs. He served as attorney general or assistant attorney general for seven Indian tribal governments. He is a member of the Utah State Bar Association and the Salt Lake County Bar Association.
Judicial career.
Judge Kennedy was certified by the Utah Judicial Council to stand for retention in 2008 after having satisfactorily pass his judicial performance evaluations by attorneys and jurors. Judge Kennedy was successfully retained in office by Utah voters. The litigation section of the Utah State Bar has published a "Bench Book" outlining the courtroom practices and preferences of Judge Kennedy.
Personal Background.
In 2001, Judge Kennedy chose to take a sabbatical to serve a religious mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in St. Petersburg, Russia. (He was the president of the church's mission in St. Petersburg.) He remained there until his return to Utah in September 2004. During this time abroad, he learned to speak Russian fluently. He and his wife have 6 children.

</doc>
<doc id="31052576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052576" title="Hugh VIII">
Hugh VIII

Hugh VIII may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31052587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052587" title="Harmony (Anne Murray album)">
Harmony (Anne Murray album)

Harmony is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1987. The album peaked at number 9 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31052589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052589" title="East Ridge, Accra">
East Ridge, Accra

East Ridge is a district of Accra, Ghana bounded to the south and East by Sir Charles Quist Street. Independence Avenue serves as the district's western boundary. Castle Road separates East Ridge from the northern district of Osu. 
Originally planned as an extension to the historic Victoriaborg district, East Ridge is being transformed into a commercial and leisure district of Accra with the siting of the National Theatre and Efua Sutherland Children's park in the district. 
East Ridge also hosts an entire area of government offices known as the "Ministries." With the recent plans to redevelop the racecourse into a mixed-used commercial area anchored by the new Kempinski Gold Coast City hotel, provision has been made to relocate ministries to be affected by the development.
The area of East Ridge, North Ridge, and West Ridge is collectively referred to as "The Ridge." This area is populated by several major embassies, including those of Germany and the United Kingdom. In addition, several of Accra’s upmarket hotels, and several Ghanaian administrative offices are located in this district.

</doc>
<doc id="31052598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052598" title="Raymond Besse">
Raymond Besse

Raymond Besse (1899–1969) was a French artist.
Biography.
Raymond Besse was born in Niort, Deux-Sèvres on December 26, 1899. He spent his childhood in the Berry province of France.
Raymond Besse arrived in Paris in 1916. He exhibited for the first time in the Salon des Indépendants in 1923. He then continued to exhibit his works in many other exhibitions and salons, among them the Salon d'Automne. Raymond Besse's favorite topic was Paris. He loved to illustrate the life in and around the capital city, especially in the northern areas of Saint-Ouen, Montmartre, Clichy and around the Canal Saint-Martin. 
Raymond Besse's themes of blue-collar Paris neighborhoods, associated to gloomy snowy weather make his artworks often dark and sad and as a result disregarded by many. Those paintings give a perfect picture of the life in the suburbs of Paris during the first part of the 20th century, far from the idyllic and colorful pictures left by artists like Édouard Cortès (1882–1969), Antoine Blanchard (1910–1988) and Eugène Galien-Laloue (1854–1941).
The artist also painted many works about Normandy, villages in the Yonne area, and landscapes around Moret-sur-Loing. Raymond Besse finally moved to the Loire area at the end of his life, and he died in Candé-sur-Beuvron, Loir-et-Cher on March 5, 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31052599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052599" title="Hans Busk">
Hans Busk

Hans Busk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31052630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052630" title="Club Saint-Germain">
Club Saint-Germain

The Club Saint-Germain was a jazz club located at 13 rue Saint-Benoît in the 6e arrondissement de Paris. 
History.
The club was opened in 1947 by Boris Vian. Throughout the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s it staged central figures in the French jazz scene such as Barney Wilen, René Urtreger, Django Reinhardt, and Pierre Michelot. Many Americans on tour including Miles Davis, Art Blakey, and Kenny Dorham also played the club. Along with the Jazzhus Montmartre in Copenhagen, the Club Saint-Germain was a central institution in the movement of exiling American jazz musicians in the 1950s and 1960s. Expatriates such as Bud Powell and Kenny Clarke were frequent performers with other French musicians.
The building of the defunct Club Saint-Germain is now home to the supper club Bilboquet.
References.
Gourse, Leslie. "Jazz Liberates Paris". American Heritage Magazine, April 2000. Volume 51, Issue 2.

</doc>
<doc id="31052639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052639" title="As I Am (Anne Murray album)">
As I Am (Anne Murray album)

As I Am is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1988. The album peaked at number 29 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
The album received a mixed review in "People", which said that "This album, thank goodness, has no hint of the Disco Annie mode that has crept into some later Murray albums" but added that it was "listless".

</doc>
<doc id="31052646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052646" title="Tecophilaea cyanocrocus">
Tecophilaea cyanocrocus

Tecophilaea cyanocrocus (Chilean blue crocus) is a flowering perennial plant that is native to Chile, growing at elevation on dry, stony slopes in the Andes mountains. Although it had survived in cultivation due to its use as a greenhouse and landscape plant, it was believed to be extinct in the wild due to overcollecting, overgrazing, and general destruction of habitat, until it was rediscovered in 2001.
Description.
Both the specific epithet "cyanocrocus" and the common name "Chilean blue crocus" highlight the plant's passing resemblance to the true crocus. However, the two plants are not closely related, and there is no blue crocus, either in the wild or in cultivation.
In its native habitat, the plant blooms from October to November, which is springtime in the Southern Hemisphere. In northern climates, it flowers from February to March.
"Tecophilaea cyanocrocus" grows on stems up to tall, with 1-3 linear fleshy leaves. The single flowers are approximately across, goblet shaped, and are an unusual deep gentian blue color, with a whitish center. The root is a nearly sphere-shaped corm with a fibrous cover.
Taxonomy.
The genus "Tecophilaea" was named after Tecofila Billiotti, botanical artist and daughter of the botanist Luigi Aloysius Colla of Turin. There are only two species in the genus, the other being "Tecophilaea violiflora". The genus was originally placed in the family Amaryllidaceae, eventually being split from that family and becoming the type for the family Tecophilaeaceae.
There are a number of cultivars of tecophilaea. Two of these, 'Violacea' with deep purple flowers, and 'Leichtlinii' with white centers to the flowers, have been in cultivation for many years and are well known among bulb fanciers. By crossing these with each other and with the solid blue type form, other cultivars such as 'Storm Cloud' have been developed in recent years.
The "Tecophilaea cyanocrocus" cultivar 'Violacea' should not be confused with the species "Tecophilaea violiflora".
Cultivation.
"T. cyanocrocus" is hardy in USDA Zones 9-10; in essentially frost-free mild climate areas (e.g. New Zealand, Ireland, much of northern California) "Tecophilaea cyanocrocus" may be successfully grown in open rock gardens exposed to the weather. However, tecophilaea is somewhat frost-tender and cannot withstand hard freezes. Where winter freezes may occur, such as the Pacific Northwest, tecophilaea is best grown in containers that can be protected from very cold weather. Nonetheless, as long as the temperature does not drop much below freezing, tecophilaea is healthier for being kept in the open during winter.
Tecohilaea grows best in a well drained, circum-neutral (pH 6-7) soil. The corms go dormant during summer, and water should be entirely withheld once the foliage fades after the springtime period of active growth. However, tecophilaea does not benefit from the summer baking that most tulips and many crocuses benefit from. On the contrary, tecophilaea prefers dry, but rather cool soil in summer. Putting the pots in which it is grown in the shade, out of direct sun, is desirable. Water should be withheld until new growth appears in the fall as the soil cools, then increased. In climates with heavy winter rains such as the Pacific Northwest, tecophilaea is best kept out of the rain.
When active growth begins in the fall, tecophilaea will benefit from being fed with a dilute solution of a low-nitrogen fertilizer once every week or two. Foliar feeding with a spray of fertilizer solution is also practical, and has the advantage that the fertilizer will not alter the soil chemistry.
The plant is typically propagated through corm offsets. Seed can be obtained by careful hand pollination of the flowers, but seedlings reach flowering size very slowly.
The foliage of tecophilaea is very scanty and the corms are weakened when the foliage is damaged. Tecophilaea must be diligently protected against pests that may eat the foliage: caterpillars, slugs, and deer, for example.
"T. cyanocrocus" and the cultivar 'Leichtlinii' have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="31052670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052670" title="Gérin">
Gérin

Gérin is a French surname. Notable people with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="31052680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052680" title="Luigi Capponi">
Luigi Capponi

Luigi Capponi (1582 – 6 April 1659) was an Italian Catholic cardinal who became archbishop of Ravenna.
Biography.
Capponi was born in 1582, the son of Senator Francesco Capponi and Ludovica Macchiavelli. The Capponi family had extensive links to Italian political circles and to senior members of the Catholic Church. He was educated at the Archgymnasium of Rome where he received a doctorate and became a papal prelate and then treasurer of the Apostolic Chamber. He became a close friend of Cardinal Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini.
On 24 November 1608 he was elevated to cardinal and was installed as cardinal-deacon of Sant'Agata dei Goti. In 1614, he was appointed legate in Bologna but fell ill and Cardinal Giulio Savelli was appointed in his place. When he recovered he was appointed cardinal-deacon of Sant'Angelo in Pescheria. 
In 1621, he participated in the one-day-long papal conclave which elected Pope Gregory XV. The following month, Capponi was elected archbishop of Ravenna, a position he held for the next 24 years.
Over the next decade, Capponi was appointed cardinal-priest at a range of churches including San Carlo ai Catinari (1621), San Pietro in Vincoli (1622) and San Lorenzo in Lucina (1629). He also participated in the papal conclave of 1623 which elected Pope Urban VIII.
In 1642 Capponi was appointed co-legate of Bologna, Ferrara and Romandiola along with Pope Urban's cardinal-nephew, Antonio Barberini. When Urban died in 1644, Capponi participated in the papal conclave of 1644 which elected Pope Innocent X.
In 1645 he resigned as archbishop and was appointed prefect of the Sacra Congregatio de Propaganda Fide while Antonio Barberini was in exile in France. In 1649 he was appointed librarian of the Holy Roman Church. He participated in the conclave of 1655.
In 1650, Capponi was visited by French adventurer, François de La Boullaye-Le Gouz. La Boullaye dedicated the first printed edition of his work to the cardinal. The preface includes an illustration of the adventurer presenting the work to Capponi.
Capponi died on 6 April 1659.
Capponi made substantial renovations to the Villa La Pietra in Florence, adding the Baroque exterior, thought to have been designed by Carlo Fontana.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="31052739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052739" title="Zoomates">
Zoomates

Zoomates is an 8 minute animated short film directed, storyboarded and produced by Butch Hartman (creator of "The Fairly OddParents", "Danny Phantom" and "T.U.F.F. Puppy") and written by Seth MacFarlane (creator of "Family Guy", "American Dad!" and "The Cleveland Show"). It aired on Nickelodeon's "Oh Yeah! Cartoons" in 1998 and Channel Frederator on February 28, 2007.
Plot.
A woman named Helen (Jennifer Love Hewitt), who works at the zoo, tells her boss Mr. Sutten (Dee Bradley Baker) that she doesn't think it's right for the animals to be trapped there, she argues that they should live in houses like humans. After a failed attempt at disposing of her with a trapdoor, Mr. Sutten gives her three animals, Mark the Polar Bear (Thomas F. Wilson), Paul the Alligator (S. Scott Bullock), and Warren the Ostrich (Phil LaMarr), and makes a deal - If she can take them home and prove they are able to conventionally live in a house like the average human, he will shut down the zoo and release them all.
Helen takes the animals back to her apartment for the night and leaves them with a manual on how to live there, telling them she'll check up on them again in the morning. The animals first find her washing machine and dryer, which Mark goes into assuming it's where he is supposed to bathe when the others question what it's for. When he comes out, he feels dizzy from the spinning and bumps into a shelf, knocking a bottle of floor wax onto the ground, causing the slippery wax to then spill across the floor and prevent them from being able to get up. Somebody then appears at the door, and upon trying to get over and answer it the three animals find they slip over every time. Mark tries to resolve the problem by kicking Paul and Warren across the room, but this causes disaster when they crash straight through the door and knock the man down the stairs. At the bottom the man tells them he had come to offer them spiritual enlightenment, which Paul declines, claiming he heard it's "high in sodium".
Later, Mark takes some ice from the fridge and puts it on his bed in an attempt to make it feel more like his bed at home. During the night, however, all the ice below him melts and floods the apartment, as well as waking up the others. The water then reacts with an electrical outlet, causing a fire. In attempt to stop the fire, Paul checks Helen's manual, which tells them in the case of a fire the apartment's sprinkler system will start automatically. The sprinkler then turns on, which resolves the fire but contributes to the flood. Now desperately trying to work out how to prevent the flood from getting even worse, Paul reads aloud that the sprinkler system will turn off manually, but he misunderstands the meaning of the word, asking "Where are we supposed to find a man at this hour?" Warren suggests that if they wait, the sprinkler system may just turn off by itself...
The next morning Helen arrives back at the apartment, seeing water flowing out from underneath the door as she arrives. When she opens it, much to her dismay a huge gush comes out and washes her away, after which she finds her apartment in a huge mess. Helen asks the animals "What on Earth happened?" with Paul responding "We had a little accident", although Warren attempts to lighten the situation by reassuring her that they "kept the place intact". This is soon proved wrong when Mark leans against the wall, his hand going straight through it and consequently causing the entire building to collapse. The cartoon ends with a disappointed Helen breaking the fourth wall, saying "This is going to be tougher than I thought".

</doc>
<doc id="31052744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052744" title="Christmas Wishes (album)">
Christmas Wishes (album)

Christmas Wishes is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1981. The album peaked at number 34 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31052768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052768" title="Shaun Wallace">
Shaun Wallace

Shaun Anthony Linford Wallace (born 2 June 1960) is a British television personality currently working as a barrister and a "Chaser" on the ITV quiz show "The Chase", where his nicknames are "The Dark Destroyer", "The Barrister" and "The Legal Eagle". Wallace is also a part-time lecturer and often visits schools, colleges and other institutions to educate students on the many aspects of law. In 2004, he won "Mastermind". Wallace is ranked 286th in the "World Quizzing Championships" in 2012.
Wallace is of mixed Jamaican, Grenadian and Barbadian heritage.
Television career.
In 2004, he became a champion of the long running BBC general knowledge quiz "Mastermind", which also tests a contestant's aptitude on a subject of their choice. His specialist subject in the final was FA Cup Finals.
Wallace was a finalist on the first series of "Are You an Egghead?", narrowly losing out to Barry Simmons.
Other shows that he has been a contestant on include "Fifteen to One" and "The Weakest Link".
Since 2009, Shaun has appeared as a "chaser" in the UK television series "The Chase", a daytime game show which airs on ITV. The other "chasers" are Anne Hegerty, Paul Sinha and Mark Labbett. Shaun also appears in the Celebrity editions of "The Chase".
Career in law.
Wallace has worked as a barrister since 1986. It has been implied on several occasions that his work has covered some relatively high-profile cases, and he has confirmed that he has taken part in hearings held at both the Old Bailey as well as several Magistrates' Courts located in England and Wales and also in Scotland. He used to be a member of Farringdon Barristers Chambers, until February 2012 when it was announced that he joined Great James Street Chambers.
Wallace is a senior criminal defence advocate. He has worked with Operation Trident cases, manslaughter, serious sexual offences, fraud, money laundering, firearms and drug trafficking. He has lectured in environmental law, health and safety and road transport law and regulations.
Wallace is also a member of the south-eastern circuit of the Criminal Bar Association. Owing to his heritage, he has been a member of the Jamaican Bar since 1999.
Politics.
In 2005, Wallace stood as an independent parliamentary candidate, campaigning to be elected MP for the Brent South constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="31052777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052777" title="Théâtre des Capucines">
Théâtre des Capucines

The Théâtre des Capucines was a former theatre on the boulevard des Capucines in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. It was built in 1889 by architect Édouard-Jean Niermans and then taken over by two brothers, Émile Isola and Vincent Isola, in 1892 to become the Théâtre Isola. They managed the theatre until 1897.
Berthez Armand was an early director and the actress-dancer Gaby Deslys (1881-1920) appeared there. The actress, singer and film star Arletty made her debut there in October 1919 and performed there regularly for ten years, especially in operettas. It was also the venue of the 1941 musical comedy "Une femme par jour", (with music by Georges Van Parys and text by Pierre Véber and Jean Boyer). Serge Gainsbourg inaugurated a series of popular concerts at the theatre in 1963, including an appearance by the singer Barbara.
The theatre finally in 1970 and was taken over by the perfume company Fragonard which has preserved the building as a perfume museum, the Théâtre-Musée des Capucines.

</doc>
<doc id="31052802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052802" title="Devan Carroll">
Devan Carroll

Devan Carroll (born August 23, 1988 in Jacksonville, North Carolina) is an American soccer player currently playing for Myrtle Beach FC in National Premier Soccer League.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Devan Carroll played his High School Career for White Oak High School in Jacksonville, North Carolina going to three back to back State Championship games only just to win his Junior year. Also winning Chamipoinship Most Valuable Player for scoring three goals in the final game. Carroll tallied 107 goals in his four years at White Oak High.
Carroll's club experience started started while playing for the 87' Coastal Crew, he later played for the 88' North Carolina ODP team from who won Co-National Chanmpionship in 2005. He later played for the 86' Cape Fear Breakers prior to starting his college career. In 2006, Carroll played for the 87' CASL Elite under 19's squad winning the State Cup tournament. In 2007 he played for the 88' Triangle Futbol Club under 19's squad also winning a State cup.
Carroll played his college soccer at the University of North Carolina Wilmington, where he was CAA Player-of-the-Year, First-team All-CAA, First-team NSCAA South Atlantic and Third-team TopDrawer.com All-America, National Team of the Week, National Player of the Week, Thomas Moseley Outstanding Athlete Award, all during his 2008 season. Carroll was Also on the 2009 MAC Hermann Watch List.
Carroll played his PDL career for the Cary Clarets for the 2009 season.
Professional.
Carroll signed his first professional contract on March 1, 2011 when he joined USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads.

</doc>
<doc id="31052805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052805" title="Breaking New Ground">
Breaking New Ground

Breaking New Ground is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1983 and released by the Japanese Baybridge label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 3½ stars stating "Mal Waldron's "Breaking New Ground" is an abrupt departure for the pianist. Normally focusing on his own compositions, these 1983 trio sessions with Reggie Workman and Ed Blackwell find him mining current pop songs... This CD may startle Waldron's fans a bit, but it proves that he was open to new ideas". 

</doc>
<doc id="31052834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052834" title="Ik zou je het liefste in een doosje willen doen">
Ik zou je het liefste in een doosje willen doen

"Ik zou je het liefste in een doosje willen doen" is a Dutch song written by Annie M.G. Schmidt (lyrics) and Cor Lemaire (music) for the 1950s television show "Pension Hommeles". Sung by Donald Jones, it was a hit and helped propel Jones to stardom. The song remains a standard in Dutch cabaret and musical comedy.
The song is one of Annie M.G. Schmidt's most popular tunes, and provided the title for a theater show about Schmidt (who died in 1995) that celebrates her 100th anniversary and contain 26 of her most beloved songs. Ostensibly, the title is based on a phrase that Schmidt's mother used to say to her daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="31052835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052835" title="Hall of Game Awards">
Hall of Game Awards

Hall of Game Awards is an award show held by Cartoon Network. The inaugural show was hosted by Tony Hawk and aired
on February 25, 2011. The second show aired in 2012 with Shaquille O'Neal as the host.
2011.
The 2011 Hall of Game awards were hosted by Tony Hawk and featured musical performances by Travie McCoy and Far East Movement.
Winners and nominees.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.
2012.
The 2012 Hall of Game Awards were hosted by Shaquille O'Neal and featured musical performances by Flo Rida and Hot Chelle Rae.
Winners and nominees.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.
Presenters.
Voices included J.G. Quintel, William Salyers (as characters Mordecai and Rigby from "Regular Show"), and Dane Boedigheimer (as "The Annoying Orange").
2013.
Shaquille agreed to host the show again with Nick Cannon as the co-host. It was held on February 11 and it featured a musical performance by The Wanted.
Winners and nominees.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.
Presenters.
Voices included Dane Boedigheimer (as "The Annoying Orange").
2014.
2014 Hall of Game Awards will be hosted by Colin Kaepernick and Cam Newton and will feature a musical performance by Fall Out Boy and Jason Derulo.
Winners and nominees.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface

</doc>
<doc id="31052856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052856" title="Apostolic Women's Ministries">
Apostolic Women's Ministries

Apostolic Women’s Ministries (AWM) is a Canadian ministry under the Apostolic Church of Pentecost (ACOP) designed to help coordinate opportunities for ACOP women to work together to support each other and ACOP’s missionaries.
History.
Originally, the group started in 1959 as the Apostolic Ladies Missionary Fellowship (ALMF). In its founding, it was designed to coordinate the efforts of various ministries already in existence, which provided missionary families with support. By coordinating these various groups, they were able to provide more equal support for the various missionaries. Another role that the ALMF played in its early years to support missionaries was the operation of Central Cupboard, which facilitated donations of blankets and other household goods to be distributed to missionary families on return from their travels.
The ALMF also published a print publication called Harvest Time, but due to rising postage costs, it switched to an electronic newsletter in the 1990s with a new name: For Such A Time as This.
ALMF officially became Apostolic Women’s Ministries (AWM) in 1987. It continues to function as an organization involved in missions by participating in ACOP’s semi-annual Missions Committee Strategy Meetings. In 2005, ACOP historian, Linda Wegner defined the goal of AWM “to meet the changing needs of today’s women.”
Objectives.
The most recent publication that speaks of the AWM is the March 2008 publication of FellowshipFOCUS (a publication of ACOP), the objectives of AWM were laid out for the modern ACOP woman. The most recent stated aims of the organization are very similar to its historical emphasis on supporting missionaries, and are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="31052859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052859" title="Bannered routes of U.S. Route 64">
Bannered routes of U.S. Route 64

Several bannered routes of U.S. Route 64 exist. In order from west to east they are as follows.
Alternate routes.
Spring Hope alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate was established in 1979, replacing the old mainline US 64 through the town of Spring Hope.
Rocky Mount–Tarboro alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate was established in 1987, replacing the old mainline US 64 between the cities Rocky Mount and Tarboro.
Princeville–Williamston alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate (US 64A) was established in 1996, replacing the old mainline US 64 between the cities Princeville and Williamston. At some locations it is signed as US 64A.
Business loops and spurs.
Farmington business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business goes through downtown Farmington, via Main Street and Broadway Avenue. Mainline US 64 is signed as both Bypass and Truck route, going south around Farmington, via Murrey Drive.
Muskogee business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1960, replacing the old mainline US 64 through downtown Muskogee, via Okmulgee Avenue and Main Street.
Vilonia business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established October 11, 2011, following the former alignment of US 64. It traverses through downtown Vilonia, via Main Street.
Augusta business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established on May 9, 1956, following the former alignment of US 64. It traverses through downtown Augusta, via 5th Street, Magnolia Street, 3rd Street, and Main Street.
Patterson–McCrory business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1968, it goes through Patterson and McCrory.
Wynne business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business starts from US 64 and goes west into downtown Wynne, ending at Falls Boulevard. It does not reconnect to US 64, making it a business spur; not to be confused with US 64 Spur, located northwest of Wynne.
Parkin business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1972, it starts from US 64 and goes west into downtown Parkin, ending at Church Street. It does not reconnect to US 64, making it a business spur.
Earle business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1972, it goes through downtown Earle, via 2nd Street.
Crawfordsville business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1972, it goes through downtown Crawfordsville, via Main Street.
Whiteville business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1963, it goes through downtown Whiteville, via Main Street.
Hayesville business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business goes through downtown Hayesville.
Brevard business loop 2.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in late 2006, it reprises the first business loop though downtown Brevard, via Caldwell Street.
Morganton business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business (US 64 Bus) was established in 1960, which followed the old mainline US 64 routing through downtown Morganton before 1956, via Burkemont Avenue, Union Street and Meeting Street. Between 1969-1972, US 64 Bus was split into one-way alignments, eastbound continued on Meeting Street while westbound moved onto Union Street. In 1992, a few years after US 64 was rerouted through Lenoir, US 64 Bus was removed east of Green Street along Meeting and Union Streets to Fleming Drive. Eastbound went north on Green Street to Avery Avenue and westbound went south from Sterling Street to Union Street. Continuing along Avery Avenue and Lenoir Road, it reconnects with mainline US 64, via Sanford Drive. This new alignment adds a short overlap with NC 181 and a long overlap with NC 18; its older section west of Green Street continued to share a short overlap with US 70 Bus.
Pittsboro business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 2002, replacing the old mainline US 64 through downtown Pittsboro, via East and West Streets.
Knightsdale–Zebulon business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1960, replacing the old mainline US 64 through Wendell and Zebulon. It was extended in 2006 west through Knightdale, reconnecting with mainline US 64 via the Raleigh inner beltway (hidden).
Nashville business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1960, going through downtown Nashville, via Western Avenue, Barnes Street, Washington Street, and Eastern Avenue.
Rocky Mount business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1982, it replaced the old mainline US 64 through downtown Rocky Mount, via Sunset Avenue, Thomas Avenue, and Raleigh Street.
Jamesville business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1992, it replaced the old mainline US 64 through downtown Jamesville, via Main Street.
Columbia business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1960, the business loop goes through downtown Columbia, via Broad Street and Main Street.
Bypass routes.
Manns Harbor–Manteo Bypass.
U.S. Route 64 Bypass (US 64 By-pass) was established in 1999 as a new primary routing bypassing Manns Harbor and Manteo, while also providing direct access between Nags Head and the mainland. Its main feature is the Virginia Dare Memorial Bridge, which is a divided four-lane bridge crossing over the Croatan Sound. From 1999-2003, it also shared a complete concurrency with US 264 Bypass.
Spur routes.
Wynne spur route.
U.S. Route 64 Spur could be considered a Farm-to-market road, connecting nearby farms to mainline US 64 as oppose to entering the city limits of Wynne. It connects to Martin Luther King Street and John Brown Road. US 64 Spur is a north–south route.
Truck routes.
Franklin–Hendersonville truck route.
U.S. Route 64 Truck follows US 23 from Franklin to Dillsboro, then east following US 74 to Hendersonville, for a total of . Signage is not primary, US 64 Truck signs are typically located on the side of major junction changes indicating direction of route. Tractor-trailer trucks are prohibited to use mainline US 64 between Franklin and Brevard.
Former alternate routes.
Brevard alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate (US 64A) was established in 1943, as a new primary routing in downtown Brevard, via Caldwell Street. In 1960 it was renumbered to US 64 Business.
Bat Cave–Morganton alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate (US 64A) was established in 1934 as an alternate route from Bat Cave, in concurrency with US 74, to Ruth, then north to Morganton, replacing NC 181. In 1948 the route became mainline US 64.
Statesville alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate (US 64A) was established in 1954, it replaced the old mainline US 64 through downtown Statesville. In 1960 it was renumbered to US 64 Business.
Franklinville–Ramseur alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate (US 64A) was established in 1934, it replaced the old mainline US 64 through Franklinville and Ramseur. Around 1957, US 64A was downgraded to Andrew Hunter Road and part of NC 22.
Siler City alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate (US 64A) was established in 1952, it replaced the old mainline US 64 through downtown Siler City, via 3rd Street. By 1957 it was decommissioned.
Rocky Mount alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate (US 64A) was established in 1934 as an alternate route in downtown Rocky Mount, via Thomas Avenue; while mainline US 64 used Sunset Avenue, Raleigh Street, and Tarboro Street. It was absorbed by mainline US 64 by 1949.
Williamston alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate (US 64A) was established in 1954, it replaced the old mainline US 64 through downtown Williamston, via Main Street, Haughton Street, and Sycamore Street (now Jamesville Road). In 1960 it was renumbered to US 64 Business.
Columbia alternate route.
U.S. Route 64 Alternate (US 64A) was established in 1954, it replaced the old mainline US 64 through downtown Columbia, via Main Street. In 1960 it was renumbered to US 64 Business.
Former business loops and spurs.
Enid business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1967, replacing the old mainline US 64 through downtown Enid, via Rock Island Boulevard, Grand Avenue, and Owen K Garriott Road. It was decommissioned in 2009.
Brevard business loop 1.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1960, as a renumbering of US 64A in downtown Brevard, via Caldwell Street. It was decommissioned by 1980. In 2006, a second US 64 Business was established in Brevard, reprising the original route vacated 26 years earlier.
Statesville business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1960, as a renumbering of US 64A through downtown Statesville. In 1963, mainline US 64 reverted to its original route through Statesville.
Raleigh business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1965, replacing the old mainline US 64 through Raleigh. It was decommissioned in 1978.
Tarboro–Princeville business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1968, replacing the old mainline US 64 in Tarboro and Princeville. It was decommissioned either in 1987 (replaced possibility by NC 44) or 1994 (replaced by NC 33).
Williamston business loop.
U.S. Route 64 Business was established in 1960, as a renumbering of US 64A through Willimaston, via Main Street, Haughton Street, and Jamesville Road. It was decommissioned by 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="31052882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052882" title="Close to Home (band)">
Close to Home (band)

Close to Home is an American post-hardcore band from Cincinnati, Ohio, that was formed in 2005. They have released two EPs (3 mixed, 1 demo) and three full-length albums, "Picture Perfect"; their major label debut, "Never Back Down", which was released on February 15, 2011; and their most recent effort, "Momentum", which was released July 31, 2012 via Artery Recordings. Close to Home has toured across the United States and Europe with bands such as Silverstein, Emery, Dance Gavin Dance, In Fear and Faith, We Came as Romans, and Eskimo Callboy. They have also participated in 2010 and 2012's Scream It Like You Mean It tours. On December 10, 2010, they signed with Artery Recordings; however this contract has been fulfilled. The band was previously managed by Outerloop Management. Close to Home is commonly depicted as CTH.
History.
Formation and Basement Recordings "Picture Perfect", "One Chance, One Time" (Pre-2005–2006).
In 2005, brothers Josh and Justin Wells formed the band "Close to Home" with their friend, bassist Brad Andress in Cincinnati, Ohio. Prior to label involvement, or a record release, Close to Home was invited to perform three western United States dates (Montana, Denver, and Salt Lake City) on the Vans Warped Tour 2005. In 2006, while on their first non-festival tour, Brad Andress was diagnosed with cancer (in Seattle). While Brad Andress was hospitalized, Close to Home was again invited to perform three southern United States dates (Orlando, Miami, and Tampa) on the Vans Warped Tour 2006. In October 2006, Brad Andress passed away.
"Legends Live On", "Standby", and "Let It Be Known" EPs (2006–2009).
After the death of bassist Brad Andress, Close to Home spent most of 2006 getting their members to today's lineup (minus vocalist changes): Josh Wells (Guitar), JJ Cooper (Guitar), and Travis Hartman (Drums). It has been confirmed that guitarists Josh Wells and JJ Cooper have recorded all the bass lines since the passing of Brad Andress. "Legends Live On" EP was released via iTunes April 7, 2008 and was the last live show that bassist Brad Andress played before his death. According to guitarist Josh Wells "The remaining four tracks on the record are about Brad Andress and losing someone." Wells also stated that because of Andress' death, "Close to Home does not have a permanent bass musician". In 2007, Close to Home won the United States, Ernie Ball "Battle of the Bands". This allowed Close to Home to play one night on the acclaimed Taste Of Chaos Tour. According to guitarist Josh Wells, they "played for 13,000 people, sharing the stage with The Used, 30 Seconds To Mars, Chiodos, Senses Fail, Saosin, Aiden, and Evaline, and were given prizes such as a drum set, bass rig, among items." In 2007, Close to Home became a three-peat performer on Vans Warped Tour, performing at Vans Warped Tours 2007 and 2008 in Cincinnati. "Standby" EP was released via iTunes on April 29, 2008. Shortly after, Close to Home embarked on the "V-Neck and Shaved Chest" Tour (June 2008) with We Came as Romans. "Let It Be Known" EP features vocalist Shane Told of Silverstein on "Promise"; and following this release, the band toured a leg with Poison The Well and The Sleeping. During this time, the band were also spokespeople for Sexy Hair products.
Tour Activity (2009–2010).
Close to Home appeared on a mini-tour (September - October, 2009) with I Am Abomination. Close to Home also embarked on the "Scream It Like You Mean It 2010" Tour (July - August 2010) with Silverstein, Emery, Dance Gavin Dance, I Set My Friends On Fire, Sky Eats Airplane, Ivoryline, and We Came as Romans. Andy Glass from We Came as Romans filled in on bass for the complete tour.
"Never Back Down" (2010–2011).
Excerpt from the band's MySpace blog:
""Never Back Down" is our first label debut album! We spent all of 2010 creating this record and getting everything in place to release it! I just wanted to take a moment to tell you a little about the process of making this record and what the concept for it was. When we were first told we would be doing a full length we sat down and put a lot of thought in what direction we wanted to go with it, musically and lyrically. We have always tried our best to be real in everything we do and write what is real to us so the concept of the record formed there. We decided to make a record that would be an exact reflection of our lives, in a way that any one can appreciate. For those who have been supporting us for a long time you know about the struggles we have gone through personally and business wise in pursuit of what we love. It has never been an easy journey but we have always been relentless and 'DIY' in our efforts. The album title and artwork are fairly simple in what it portrays. Being the underdog and coming up against something massive in front of you. The content of the record itself is something we are all very proud of. Musically it is influenced by everything we have ever loved and we believe will take the listener on a journey. It shows the good and the bad of going after what you love and sacrificing everything. We tried to show that also musically as much as lyrically. Some songs are a lot more fun and tell the good side of our lives. The friendship, traveling, partying, creating memorable moments in life worth fighting for and just a love for the people and music itself. The other side to that is some of the heaviest music we have wrote yet and portrays the downsides and struggles. Always being gone and slipping away from understanding what it will ever be like to be 'normal' again. The strain it puts on friendships and all relationships in life. The people who want to pollute the music, talk shit, and infect it with impure intentions. We shot a music video to the song 'All We Know' which is a summary of what the record is about. The album name "Never Back Down" comes out of this song. We wanted the record to be something anyone who has ever pursued what they love in life, sacrificed or overcome great obstacles could appreciate. Can't wait for people to give it a listen from beginning to end! To hear it as one total work and give us feedback". - Close to Home
The album was often compared to A Day to Remember because of the similar vocal style and genre, combining elements of heavy post-hardcore and metalcore with pop punk, leading to a melodic hardcore sound. 
On February 25, 2011, "All We Know" was released as the first official single from "Never Back Down", along with a music video.
Close to Home appeared on the Downtown Battle Mountain Tour (March - April 2011) supporting Dance Gavin Dance, IWrestledABearOnce and In Fear and Faith in support of "Never Back Down". According to a Facebook post by the band on June 6, 2011, bassist Derek Foust was officially named the current tour bassist for Close to Home during this time. Close to Home performed on the Arkaik + MerchNow + Artery "Summer Partery" Tour (July - August 2011) in support of In Fear and Faith and Vanna.
On February 16, 2012, it was revealed that the opening track on "Never Back Down" entitled "Intro" was used in the Chinese multinational personal technology company Lenovo Group Limited's 0:33 second commercial entitled "The Jetpack: When Do Gets Done".
"Momentum" (2011–2013).
According to Close to Home guitarist, Josh Wells, the band entered the studio shortly after the Arkaik + MerchNow + Artery "Summer Partery" Tour to record the follow-up to "Never Back Down". Close to Home provided support on the Merchnow.com + Arkaik Clothing "I'm Alive" Tour (September - October 2011) with We Came as Romans and additional support from Miss May I, Of Mice & Men, and Texas in July. On October 14, 2012, Close to Home performed a video shoot for an unnamed song off "Momentum"; and on October 17, JJ Cooper confirmed Josh Trenkamp as the official bassist in the band. Close to Home began providing direct support to Modern Day Escape on "the Harry Pot - tour" (October - November 2012), along with Picture Me Broken, however on October 29, 2012 this tour was cancelled due to Modern Day Escape dropping off the bill. To close out 2012, Close To Home provided direct support to For All Those Sleeping, along with The Browning, My Ticket Home, and Buried In Verona on “The Remember Your Roots Tour“ (November - December 2012); and was added to the White Couch Production's 4th Annual "20 Bands of Christmas" show on December 8, 2012 in Palatine, Illinois along with headliner Like Moths to Flames, with support from The Color Morale, For All Those Sleeping, The Plot In You, Ice Nine Kills, The Browning, My Ticket Home, Buried In Verona, and Assassins amongst many. On November 30, 2012, Close to Home released their music video for "Don’t Waste Your Breath" exclusively via Alternative Press. On December 3, 2012 it was announced via Alternative Press that "Don’t Waste Your Breath" was the most shared video during the week of its release. To begin 2013, Close to Home headlined the "A Metal Christmas & A Heavy New Year Tour" (January 2013), with support from We Are Defiance, The Overseer, One Year Later, and From Atlantis. Close to Home played its first hometown show of the year on February 15, 2013 at The Thompson House in Newport, KY; and provided support to headliner Eskimo Callboy on the European "Get Drunk or Fuck Off Tour 2013" (February - March 2013), with additional support from The Browning and INTOHIMO. On February 21, 2013 Close to Home announced their headlining "The Momentum Tour" (March - April 2013) with support from Adestria, Alive in Standby, Myka Relocate, and Dismember the Fallen. Close to Home played the Thompson House in Newport, KY on June 7, 2013 with Sea of Treachery.
Still Standing EP (2013–Current).
On July 10, 2013 the band announced that recording of an acoustic EP was underway via Twitter. This is the first album after their contract with Artery Recordings, Razor & Tie was fulfilled. The band stood up an IndieGoGo page in October 2013 to assist in the funding of this EP and also address their recent contract closure. This campaign ended successfully on December 8, 2013. The band supported He Is Legend, with additional support from Sea of Treachery and The American on August 13, 2013 at the Haymarket Whiskey Bar in Louisville, KY. The band headlined a mini-tour (October 22-30, 2013) with direct support from Death of an Era; which also included Day 2 of the fall "South By So What" festival on October 26, 2013 at Quicktrip Park in Grand Prairie, Texas; providing support to headliner Sleeping With Sirens. Due to the break-up of Serianna, Death of an Era took their place on this tour. On December 9, 2013, the band was confirmed for Third String Productions' 10th Anniversary "South By So What?!" festival (March 15, 2014) at Quiktrip Park in Grand Prairie, Texas. On January 1, 2014, it was revealed that the opening track on "Never Back Down" entitled "Intro" was used in an NBC Sports commercial for the 2014 Sochi Olympic Games. On January 6, 2014, the band announced their headliner on "The March Drunken Mess Tour" (February - March 2014) with Famous Last Words, Phinehas, and Climates. Climates dropped off the tour prior to its start for undisclosed reasons. On January 29, 2014, the band was confirmed for the "Never Say Never Fest" on March 12, 2014 at the Las Palmas Race Park in Mission, Texas.
Guest appearances.
Josh Wells confirmed his appearance as a vocalist on the tracks "Mis//Understanding" and "Understanding What We've Grown To Be" by We Came as Romans. These tracks appear on the album "Understanding What We've Grown to Be", released September 13, 2011 via Equal Vision Records.
Andrew DeNeef provided guest vocals on the track "Fake Blood" by Veara. This track appears on the album "Growing Up Is Killing Me", released September 24, 2013 via Epitath Records.
Musical style and influences.
The band's sound is often described as combination of heavy post-hardcore and metalcore music with light pop punk and punk rock, often leading their genre to be called "melodic hardcore" in the vein of Four Year Strong, though the band has never confirmed this as their musical style.

</doc>
<doc id="31052894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052894" title="Higo Seara Santos de Oliveira">
Higo Seara Santos de Oliveira

Higo Seara Santos de Oliveira, commonly known simply as Higo (born 1 May 1986) is a Brazilian football midfielder.
He usually plays as left-winger.
In 2003 he signed with A.C. ChievoVerona and he debuted in the Serie A being only 17. In the following seasons he was member of Calcio Catania in the Serie B and A.C. Bellaria Igea Marina and A.S.G. Nocerina in the Serie C2. In the winter break of the 2006-07 season he moved to the neighbouring Slovenia playing half season with FC Koper playing in the First League.

</doc>
<doc id="31052900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052900" title="Salthrop House">
Salthrop House

Salthrop House is a Grade II listed building on the Listed Buildings Register near the village of Wroughton, Wiltshire, in England. The building was constructed on the site of a previous house built in the 17th century. The current house was built to the style of James Wyatt in 1795, with an entrance front to the west comprising three bays with a central bow, whilst the north and east fronts are of four and five bays, constructed in a Georgian style. The house has a principal room at each corner and a curved central staircase below an oval skylight. Most of the original fittings from the Georgian period have survived despite the numerous owners of the house. In the late 19th century, a grey-brick service wing was added to the north of the house.
Basset Down.
Salthrop is situated in the 'Basset Down Estate' and today is known for its golf course.
Ownership history.
In 1066 Salthrop belonged to Ulwin. In 1086 the estate passed to Humphrey Lisle and later passed with the rest of Humphrey's fief, which included Castle Combe, to the Dunstanville family. In 1242–3 Walter de Dunstanville held ownership until he died in 1269. The manor of Salthrop descended with the barony of Castle Combe and was given in 1309 by William de Montfort, (son of Parnel de Dunstanville and Robert de Montfort), to Bartholomew of Badlesmere, Lord Badlesmere. The Castle Combe estates passed after the execution of Badlesmere in 1322 to the Despensers. Salthrop and Castle Combe were reclaimed after the death of Hugh le Despenser in 1326, and restored by Badlesmere's widow Margaret in 1331. The estate passed to Margaret's son Giles, Lord Badlesmere for a short time until he died in 1338, then to his sister Margaret who died in 1344. Margaret was the wife of Lord John Tybotot, who died in 1367. The last known overlordship occurs in 1370 when it was held by Lord Robert Tybotot who died in 1372.
As part of the barony of Castle Combe and Salthrop, a single fee, was held in 1242–3 by Geoffrey Bluet. In 1275 the fee was said to be divided between Robert Bluet and the abbot of Stanley, most of whose land, lay in the neighbouring parish of Lydiard Tregoze. In 1281 Salthrop was singley owned by Peter Bluet and his wife Lucy. In 1311 it was settled on Peter and Lucy for life with remainder to William Everard and his wife Beatrice. Peter had died by 1329 but Lucy lived until 1337 and she was succeeded by William Everard who died in 1343. William's son, Sir Edmund Everard inherited and maintained ownership jointly with his wife Felice until he died in 1370.
Upon his death, his sisters, Elizabeth, who was married to Robert of London, and Margaret, widow of Thomas of Ramsbury, jointly inherited the estate. Margaret left no heir, so upon her death in 1380 Salthrop was settled on Robert and Elizabeth who also left no heir and their estates were divided. Some of their manors passed via Robert's sister to the Calston family and then to the Darells of Littlecote in Ramsbury, but others including Salthrop, passed to the Lovel family.
Salthrop was held by Lord John Lovel and his wife Maud at the time of his death in 1408 which it then descended with Elcombe manor and the Charterhouse in the early 17th century. 
In 1739 Thomas Bennet, whose ancestors from 1616 had lesed Salthrop, exchanged the manor with the governors of the Charterhouse for his manor of Costow. Bennet's heir was his daughter Martha who married Peter Legh of Lyme. Martha owned Salthrop and later inherited Lyme Park upon the death of Peter in 1754, until her own death in 1787. Their daughter Elizabeth Legh married Anthony James Keck, and secondly William Bathhurst Pye who later adopted the name Bennet. Elizabeth's daughter Elizabeth Keck married Thomas Calley of Burderop in Chiseldon, bringing Salthrop into the Calley family. Thomas's son, John James Calley, sold the manor to Arthur Wellesley, Duke of Wellington, whose son Arthur, Duke of Wellington, inherited Salthrop in 1852 upon his father's death. He later sold it in 1861 to M. H. N. Story-Maskelyne who lived there until his death in 1911. In 1976, Salthrop was owned by Mr. N. M. Arnold-Forster, a direct descendant of Story-Maskelyne.

</doc>
<doc id="31052902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052902" title="Isábena River">
Isábena River

The Isábena is the principal tributary of the river Ésera, itself a tributary of the Cinca, which flows into the Ebro and thence to the Mediterranean Sea. Its head is 2,400 metres above sea level at a place called Es Sebollés, between the peaks Gallinero and Cibollés in the Pyrenees of High Aragon. Its valley lies primarily in the comarca of Ribagorza.
The Isábena flows between the massive El Turbón mountain and the Mountains of Sis range.

</doc>
<doc id="31052904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052904" title="Here Comes The... (EP)">
Here Comes The... (EP)

Here Come The... EP is an EP by Butch Walker, available as a digital download from the iTunes Store since March 10, 2009. It contains four tracks, two versions of the track Here Comes The... from his album Sycamore Meadows and two new studio tracks exclusive to this release.

</doc>
<doc id="31052911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052911" title="Fwix">
Fwix

Fwix is a local information company for developers and media publishers. The mission of the company is to index the Web by location, specifically by organizing content on the Web by latitude and longitude coordinates. Fwix aggregates, in real-time, the news, events, status-updates, photos, reviews, places, and other social media in your city. 
Pivot to Radius.
In April 2012, the company announced it had rebranded the company as Radius and changed its business model.

</doc>
<doc id="31052923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052923" title="Intel Extreme Masters">
Intel Extreme Masters

The Intel Extreme Masters (IEM) are a series of international esports tournaments held in countries around the world. These ESL sanctioned events include events in Starcraft II, Counter-Strike 1.6, Quake Live, League of Legends and . The body that owns the league is Turtle Entertainment. The League has existed for six seasons. Sponsored by their namesake, Intel, the Season Five tournament finals took place at CeBIT, located in Hanover, Germany. Previous events have been held in Los Angeles, Chengdu and Dubai.
History.
The Intel Extreme Masters are a product of the ESL. In 2006, when the Intel sponsored European tournament saw room for expansion outside of European, especially in North American markets, Intel provided funds for a worldwide tournament, billing it as the Intel Extreme Masters. In 2007, when established, the IEM established a format of many smaller qualifying events, leading up to a large final event that is held at CeBIT. All of the Grand Finals have been held at CeBIT. Starting in 2008, the Tournament was billed as being worldwide, boasting participants from Europe, North America, and Asia. Although Counterstrike 1.6 was the only game offered in the first season, the variety of games has increased greatly, to the four that were offered during Season 5. World of Warcraft was offered during Season 4, but was dropped for Season 5. The Season 5 Finals will be held at CeBIT and will included a prize pool.
Games offered in Intel Extreme Masters: Counter-Strike (Seasons 1 - 6), Warcraft 3: Reign of Chaos and Warcraft 3: The Frozen Throne (Seasons 1-2, 3: Asian Championship Finals - CS1.6 and Asian Championship Finals - WoW, 4: Global Challenge Chengdu, 5: Global Challenge Shanghai), World of Warcraft (Seasons 2: Global Challenge Dreamhack, 3-4), Quake Live (Seasons 4-5), StarCraft II (Seasons 5-6), League of Legends (LoL) (Seasons 5: World Championship (LoL Invitational), 6)
Past ESL(Electronic Sports League) IEM(Intel Extreme Masters) Finals:
Format.
IEM utilizes a fair number of offline qualifiers. During Season 5, qualifiers were held for North America, Europe, and Southeast Asia regions. Those who qualify for the finals are placed into two groups of six, of which the top two advance. The first place member of each group goes directly to the semifinals, and the second and third place members go into the quarterfinals.
Organisation.
The Intel Extreme Masters are run by the ESL which is owned by Turtle Entertainment GmbH. Turtle Entertainment is based in Cologne, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31052933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052933" title="Richard Setlowe">
Richard Setlowe

Richard Setlowe Richard Setlowe is an American author and journalist best known for his suspense novels, which have enjoyed critical and academic recognition. His early career as a Navy officer in the Far East and a fascination with technology inform his thrillers. "The Brink", published in 1976, was acclaimed as "the classic novel of the Era of Undeclared War" and was a finalist for the Ernest Hemingway Award for First Novels. "The Experiment" (1980) and "The Haunting of Suzanna Blackwell" (1984) venture into the realm of science fiction and the supernatural, while exploring deep personal themes. With "The Black Sea" (1991), a prescient narrative about a lone Navy frigate's encounter with terrorists, the novelist Clive Cussler commented, "Setlowe has to be the finest adventure novelist in the country today". "The Sexual Occupation of Japan" (1999) was lauded by English professor and novelist Les Standiford as "rivaling Michael Crichton in topicality, le Carre in authority, and Martin Cruz Smith in emotional depth". Setlowe's five novels to date have been translated into a dozen languages.
Background.
Setlowe was born in 1933 in Brooklyn, New York during the height of the Depression. His father Ernest quit law school to become an actor, and a playwright, and met his future wife Marion, a dancer, while performing in the 1927 production of the Broadway musical "Good News". With a growing family, Setlowe's father abandoned his theatre ambitions and went to work in a family furniture manufacturing business.
They moved to Morristown, Tennessee, in the foothills of the Smoky Mountains. The family lived there for just a few years, but the young New Yorker's experiences were deeply affecting. While his novels explore the Pacific Rim from California to Asia, major characters are often Southerners.
Ernest Setlowe encouraged his son Rick's creative interests. In high school on Long Island, teachers were less encouraging. Setlowe's lowest grades were English and languages, but his math and science won him a scholarship to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in upstate New York to study engineering. He transferred in his junior year on a Navy scholarship to the University of Southern California. As part of his training, each summer he embarked as a midshipman aboard warships that made ports of call in Europe. Wanting a broader education, Rick switched majors and earned a B.S. degree in social studies along with a regular commission as a Navy officer.
Ensign Setlowe volunteered for Navy flight school with the ambition of becoming a fighter pilot. But after a year of flight training in Florida, in a budget cutback the Navy reassigned him to the USS Midway as an operations officer and flight controller in the Far East. The aircraft carrier was the flagship during the international crisis in the Taiwan Straits in 1958. Setlowe disembarked from the Midway in San Francisco with the material for his first novels in his sea bag.
Early career.
Prior to becoming a full-time novelist, Rick Setlowe worked as a journalist, first as a staff writer for the "San Francisco Examiner", then a correspondent for "Time" magazine. In San Francisco, he also wrote the "Babylon by the Bay" column for "Variety" and reviewed drama, movies and music. Subsequently, he transferred to Los Angeles, as the "Show Biz Bible's" primary film critic. 
He also served as Press and TV Director for the first National Air Races staged in Reno, Nevada, in 1964, drawing on his Navy flight experience. Setlowe subsequently worked in television news in San Francisco and Los Angeles. 
During this time he wrote his first novel, "The Brink", but the Vietnam War made publishing any fiction about the military extremely controversial. At one point, he received a long letter from a major editor at Doubleday apologizing for not publishing the novel.
Setlowe successfully ventured from journalism into motion pictures, in the early 1970s at ABC Pictures as Vice President of Creative Affairs. The feature films produced during his tenure included several critically significant pictures: the comedy "Kotch" (1971), starring Best Actor Oscar winner Walter Matthau, with Jack Lemmon in his directorial debut (Academy Award nominations also for Film Editing, Best Song, and Sound); Sam Peckinpah's controversial thriller "Straw Dogs" (1971), starring Dustin Hoffman; and the Bob Fosse (Best Director) musical "Cabaret" (1972), starring Liza Minnelli and Joel Grey in Oscar-winning performances (the film won 8 of 10 Oscars for which it was nominated). "Kotch" and "Cabaret" also garnered back-to-back Writer's Guild Awards for Best Adapted Screenplay in 1972 and 1973, respectively. 
Richard Setlowe is honored in "Who's Who In Entertainment".
As his career and writing developed, he did post-graduate work at Stanford and Charles University in Prague, eventually returning to USC to earn a Masters of Professional Writing with Phi Kappa Phi honors. For 15 years, Setlowe taught in the UCLA Extension Writers' Program.
He and his wife Beverly currently live in Los Angeles, the setting of his forthcoming sixth novel. On occasion he writes article for the "Los Angeles Times" and "Variety".
Major Works and Commentary.
Novels.
The Brink (Arthur Fields Books, New York, 1976 ISBN 0-525-63014-7)
The Experiment (Holt, Rinehart and Winston, New York, 1980 ISBN 0-03-041745-7)
The Haunting of Suzanna Blackwell (Holt Rinehart and Winston, New York, 1984 ISBN 0-03-057786-1)
The Black Sea (Ticknor and Fields, New York, 1991 ISBN 0-395-56927-3)
The Sexual Occupation of Japan (HarperCollins Publishers, New York, 1999 ISBN 0-06-018393-4)
The Brink.
Setlowe's first novel, The Brink, was critically acclaimed as "the classic novel of the Era of Undeclared War" and was a finalist for the Ernest Hemingway Award for First Novels. It draws upon his own experience aboard the U.S.S. Midway during the Quemoy-Matsu crisis. John Chancellor, the late NBC News anchorman, noted, ""The Brink" is a vivid and frightening description of something very few people have ever experienced: actually taking the nuclear bombs to the brink of war".
This Doomsday scenario is drawn out in vivid counterpoint to the human dimensions, which portrays the social ferment of marital tedium, love and sexual profligacy in military life. "The Brink" is a post Cold War thriller that has been favorably compared with one of the best books of the genre, James Michener's "Bridges of Toko-Ri". Setlowe retrospectively incorporates his personal experiences into his narrative, but "The Brink" also reflects some of the pervasive social discontent of the post-Vietnam War period during which the book was written. The premise for the "The Brink" is contextualized in well-documented historical events—the strident posturing of world leaders such as Nikita Khrushchev, sensational headlines taken directly from the ominous intonations of President Eisenhower and General Dulles, and the clinical calculus of now-declassified reports on the crisis. One study prepared by a joint committee of the Defense Dept., State Dept. and CIA at the direction of President Eisenhower developed possible limited war contingencies in defense of the Offshore Islands, but quickly arrived at a consensus assessment: "…the Joint Chiefs, in particular Air Force General Nathan Twining, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, felt that the use of atomic weapons was inevitable and the planning proceeded on that assumption" and "the study proceeded on the assumption that a Chinese Communist move against the Offshore Islands would involve aerial as well as artillery interdiction followed by American atomic attacks on mainland airfields".
The Experiment.
Setlowe's second novel, The Experiment, published in 1980, is a medical science fiction thriller. The story of "a human Neptune in the grotto of marine science. And, more particularly, our imagination", was a Literary Guild selection. The "New York Times" review by Jack Sullivan praised "an underwater phantasmagoria, delivers a welcome sense of wonder in the tradition of H. G. Wells's "In The Abyss". 
The renowned science fiction author and futurist Sir Arthur C. Clarke, author of "", corresponded with Setlowe. "The Experiment" resonated with Clarke, who had a lifelong interest in the sea and diving. He respected the meticulous scientific research—Clarke had personally known several of the scientists cited—and commented on the novel's place in the sci-fi pantheon.
The Haunting of Suzanna Blackwell.
The Haunting of Suzanna Blackwell is a departure from the previous two novels. Published in 1984, the story weaves together multiple storylines and elements of love, war and occult genres into a ghost story suffused with smoldering passion, foreboding and suspense.
This second "Literary Guild" selection is, at one level, a classic gothic. Yet, again drawing on his personal background, the author sets the story on a modern high-tech Navy base. "Those ships!" reviewed Caroline Banks in "The Washington Post", "Richard Setlowe has made them—in part by juxtaposing them to the elegant 'pillared mansions of the senior officers along Walnut Avenue'—seem as sinister as the House of Usher. They are 'a great desolate armada—aircraft carriers, battle cruisers, assault transports, destroyers and submarines—all packed stem to stern in tight rows along the length of a narrow bleak pier.' " As in "The Experiment", Setlowe creates a convincing scientific framework for the supernatural.
The Black Sea.
Setlowe's fourth novel, The Black Sea, was a nominee for the PEN West Literary Award in Fiction. Published in 1991, this tale of terror set in Southeast Asia presaged a post-9/11 world in which piracy, ancient ethnic conflicts and ideological zealotry threaten to undermine the hegemony of the superpowers, despite the advantages of their military and technological superiority. As a thriller and gripping sea adventure, "The Black Sea's" clash between a lone U.S. Navy frigate and the mysterious cultures of the Far East and the Muslim fundamentalist world drew critical attention. J. C. Pollock, author of "Goering's List", observed presciently, ""The Black Sea" ushers in new era [for the adventure novel with a masterfully told tale so real it could be true."
"The Black Sea" dramatizes historical events—the Iran-Contra guns for hostages affair, which came to light in 1986, and the 1985 hijacking of the Italian cruise ship Achille Lauro—and anticipates the future. The Islamic fundamentalism and piracy portrayed in Setlowe's thriller not only reflects the zeitgeist of its time but also foresees with uncanny accuracy events that would take center stage in world affairs a decade later. The novel has been republished by the authoritative Naval Institute Press as one of the "exceptional works on naval and military subjects".
The Sexual Occupation of Japan (The Deal, in paperback).
The menace of past lives colliding with the present explored in "The Haunting of Suzanna Blackwell" is a theme Setlowe revisits in his fifth novel, The Sexual Occupation of Japan (1999). Again, moldering memories and the psychic scars of wartime, this time World War II Japan and Vietnam, propel the main characters toward an uncertain future. 
The starred "Kirkus Review" said, "First-rate adult melodrama about the globalization of entertainment and communications networks, not to mention intellectual and spiritual maturity in high finance". Setlowe's novel, however, focuses on interwoven histories—a main character whose personal experiences and memories pit him against contemporary adversaries seething over bitter grievances fomented in wartime Japan. 
Feminist critics have argued the book perpetuates a literary tradition of fetishizing Japanese women. The book begins with an act of literal reciprocity for the metaphorical emasculation of Japanese men bent on revenge for the humiliations suffered at the hands of American occupiers. The gruesome "night letter" nailed on Saxon's hotel room door recalls the true story of geisha Sada Abe, well known in Japan for having carried her lover's severed genitalia in her handbag after killing him by erotic asphyxiation. Abe's notoriety gained international infamy primarily through Nagisa Oshima's film, "In the Realm of the Senses" (1976). Narrelle Morris regards Setlowe's scene as an example of his story's cultural mythologizing with specific reference to Sada Abe's story.
Conversely, other reviewers credit the author with a deft and thoughtfully provocative characterization of the story's protagonists and historical context. Ronnie Terpening, in a starred review for "Library Journal", encapsulated "The Sexual Occupation of Japan": "Setlowe tells an intelligent and engrossing story of love and war, one crafted with exquisite skill, richly detailed, insightful in its implications…."
Plays.
Norma Jean & Johnny (2010)
The Apple That Fell Far From the Tree (2007)
Setlowe's play, "The Apple That Fell Far From the Tree", was staged at the East West Players' David Henry Hwang Theater in Los Angeles in May 2007. "Norma Jean & Johnny" was staged at the Blank Theatre in Hollywood in March 2010. Setlowe regards both plays as works in progress.

</doc>
<doc id="31052991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052991" title="Surround Stakes">
Surround Stakes

The Surround Stakes is an Australian Turf Club Group 2 Thoroughbred horse race for three year old fillies, run at set weights over a distance of 1400 metres at Warwick Farm Racecourse, Sydney in March. Total prize money for the race is A$175,000.
Race history.
The race is named after 1976–1977 Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year, Surround the only three year old filly in history to win the Cox Plate. The race was run at Randwick Racecourse in 1980 and 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="31052999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31052999" title="David Ramadan">
David Ramadan

David-Imad Ramadan (born May 31, 1970) is a Lebanon-born American politician and businessman. He has been a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates since January 2012, representing the 87th district in Loudoun and Prince William counties. He has also taken the 9th largest US franchise, Curves International, into the Middle East and India. Ramadan was highlighted in a 2011 Washington Business Journal article discussing his bullish outlook on expanding Curves in Egypt and other Middle Eastern nations. He is also a frequent commentator on TV and Radio news networks such as ABC's Good Morning America, LBC, MSNBC, France 24, Al-Hurra, BBC, and NPR. 
Ramadan serves on the Board of Visitors of George Mason University; he was appointed by Gov. Bob McDonnell on July 1, 2010. The Washington Post on July 1, 2010 described the appointment by VA's Governor to a VA university's board as "the most prestigious appointments they have to offer – as a thank you to longtime supporters and friends".
Ramadan is a political activist with active roles in the Republican Party of Virginia (RPV), The Loudoun County Republican Committee, and the Arab-American Republican community. He has served on presidential political campaigns as well as on gubernatorial and senatorial campaigns and was appointed by RPV Chair in 2008 to ethnic outreach leadership.
In 2010, he participated in the RNC's "Fire Pelosi" Bus Tour/Campaign. He speaks and writes Arabic and English fluently.
Ramadan has been called to testify in front of a grand jury to testify in an investigation regarding Governor Bob McDonnell.

</doc>
<doc id="31053001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053001" title="James Naka">
James Naka

James Naka (born 9 October 1984 in Honiara) is a Solomon Islands footballer currently playing for Koloale F.C.. He plays as a midfielder. He has played in 10 editions of the FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup and also represented his country 7 times.

</doc>
<doc id="31053012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053012" title="USS SC-39">
USS SC-39

USS "SC-39", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 39" or USS "S.C. 39", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
"SC-39" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned there on 1 or 2 March 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 39", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 39".
"Submarine Chaser No. 39" served at Base 27, Plymouth, England, during World War I.
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 39" was classified as SC-39 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-39".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-39" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31053017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053017" title="Thomas Burgh of Gainsborough">
Thomas Burgh of Gainsborough

Sir Thomas Burgh (pronounced: "Borough"), KG (c. 1431- 18 March 1496) was an English gentleman.
In records, the peerage, and genealogy books he is shown as being created 1st Lord Burgh, of Gainsborough by writ on 1 September 1487. He was several times summoned to Parliament, but never sat; whether he held a hereditary peerage is debatable; fifteenth century records treat him as a knight. His son was never summoned to Parliament he was found insane in 1510; his grandson was summoned and sat in the House of Lords, but sixteenth century records treat this as a new creation in 1529 after the death of his father. When the Burgh peerage was drawn out of abeyance in 1916, however, it was given precedence as of 1487. He had noble ancestors on both sides: his mother was one of the daughters of Sir Henry Percy, who was in turn grandson to Henry Percy, 1st Earl of Northumberland and to David of Strathbogie, Earl of Atholl, descended from the ancient Mormaers of Atholl.
The Burgh family sprang from Hubert de Burgh, younger son of Hubert de Burgh, 1st Earl of Kent and his wife Beatrice de Warrenne, daughter of William de Warrenne, Lord of Wormegay, and Beatrice de Pierrepont. The Burghs were rich, flamboyant and powerful people. Thomas was in great favour with the King as many offices, positions, land grants, and pensions were bestowed upon him.
Career.
Thomas was Esquire of the Body to King Edward IV of England and by Christmas 1462, Thomas was created a Knight by the King and a Privy Councillor. Sir Thomas slowly became the King's chief man in Lincolnshire where he held manors, land, tenements from Northumberland (from his mother's inheritance, which he shared with her sister Margaret, Baroness Grey of Codnor) through Westmorland, Yorkshire, and Lincolnshire, down to his wife’s dower lands in Somerset. Thomas became a rich man who was backed by the King and soon found himself giving advice and legal help to the people of Lincolnshire as well as becoming their Sheriff in 1460 and their representative in Parliament.
It was Sir Thomas Burgh with Sir Thomas Stanley who rescued King Edward IV from the Earl of Warwick whom the Earl had kept prisoner in his castle of Middleham. In 1471, when Edward IV came to reclaim his throne it was Sir Thomas who was first to rally to his side. Sir Thomas fought at the battles of Barnet and Tewkesbury.
After the unexpected death of Edward IV, Sir Thomas was courted by King Richard III of England. Thomas initially support King Richard, but was more interested in securing the future of Henry Tudor, Earl of Richmond, who would become King in 1485. Although Thomas fought in the Battle of Bosworth, his role was kept secret by chroniclers and Thomas was soon in good standing with the new King. After his accession to the throne, King Henry confirmed Thomas as Knight of the Body and Privy Councillor.
Gainsborough Old Hall.
In 1460, Sir Thomas built the great Old Hall in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire. Gainsborough Old Hall was not only their home, but also a demonstration of their wealth and importance. Sir Thomas was a great benefactor to Newark Church and also the founder of the Chantry and Alms House at Gainsborough. In 1470, the manor was attacked by Sir Robert Welles over a clash about lands, status, and honour, but it was not severely damaged. It was in 1484 that Sir Thomas entertained King Richard III in his hall. Today, the Hall with its elaborate timber roof survives as well as the kitchen—possibly the most complete medieval kitchen in England. The Hall is over five hundred years old and one of the best preserved medieval manor houses in England.
Marriage.
Sir Thomas married Margaret de Ros (1432–1488) widow of William de Botreaux, 3rd Baron Botreaux(d.1462). Margaret was the daughter of Sir Thomas de Ros, 8th Baron de Ros and Lady Eleanor Beauchamp, second daughter of Richard Beauchamp, 13th Earl of Warwick and Elizabeth Berkeley. Lady Eleanor was an older paternal half-sister of Henry de Beauchamp, 1st Duke of Warwick and Anne Neville, Countess of Warwick. After the death of the 9th Baron Ros, Margaret's mother, Lady Eleanor, married Edmund Beaufort, 2nd Duke of Somerset thus making Margaret a maternal half-sister of the Duke of Somerset.
Sir Thomas and Margaret had the following children:
Death and succession.
Lord Thomas died on 18 March 1496. He was buried next to his wife, Margaret, in the family vault in Holy Trinity Church, Gainsborough.

</doc>
<doc id="31053028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053028" title="Colobanthus kerguelensis">
Colobanthus kerguelensis

Colobanthus kerguelensis is a low-growing, moss-like flowering cushion plant in the Caryophyllaceae, or carnation family, found on subantarctic islands in the southern Indian Ocean. The specific epithet refers to the type locality – the Kerguelen Islands.
Description.
"Colobanthus kerguelensis " is a perennial herb that forms loose clumps or cushions up to 65 mm in diameter. The slender, freely branching stems lack adventitious roots. The leaves are linear and fleshy, 5–10 mm long and 2–3.5 mm wide. The flowers are 4-merous, with two large outer sepals, and two smaller inner ones. The plant flowers from December to March, and fruits from March.
Distribution and habitat.
As well as on Kerguelen, "Colobanthus kerguelensis" occurs on the Crozet, Prince Edward, and Heard Islands. It has been recorded from gravel substrates in the supralittoral or sea spray zone, in well-drained peaty and sandy soils with "Azorella selago", and in feldmark, up to elevations of 30 m above sea level. It is a pioneer coloniser of recently deglaciated areas.

</doc>
<doc id="31053036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053036" title="Nandinagari">
Nandinagari

Nandinagari is a variant of "Nāgarī script" which appeared in the 8th century AD. This script and its variants were commonly used in Southern India.
History.
Nandinagari is a Brahmi-based script that was used in southern India between the 8th and 19th centuries AD for producing manuscripts and inscriptions in Sanskrit in south Maharashtra, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. It derives from the central group of Nagari scripts and is related to Devanagari.
Nandi Nagari script was used to write Sanskrit language, and most of the Sanskrit copper plate inscriptions of the Vijayanagar period are written in that script.
There are innumerable manuscripts written in Nandinagari, covering vast areas of knowledge, such as Vedas, philosophy, religion, science and arts. These are preserved in the manuscript libraries, particularly those in the southern regions of the country. It uses the system of numerals that is used in Kannada script.
Etymology.
It is difficult to present any exact etymological meaning of the name "Nandinagari". The first part of the term 
"Nandi" is rather ambiguous in the present context. It may mean "sacred" or "auspicious" (cf. Nandi verses in Sanskrit 
drama). Nandi is the name of Lord Siva's Vrishabhavahana (bull vehicle). Nandi bull is widely worshipped in the South, particularly in Karnataka.
Modern usage.
There is currently a proposal to assign a Unicode block for Nandinagari. 

</doc>
<doc id="31053053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053053" title="2011 Toronto International Film Festival">
2011 Toronto International Film Festival

The 36th annual Toronto International Film Festival, (TIFF) was held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada between September 8 and September 18, 2011.
Buenos Aires, Argentina was selected to be showcased for the 2011 City to City programme. The opening film was "From the Sky Down", a documentary film about the band U2, directed by Davis Guggenheim. Considerable media attention at the time focused on Madonna's behaviour during the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31053159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053159" title="Kappa Tau Alpha">
Kappa Tau Alpha

Kappa Tau Alpha is an American college honor society which recognizes academic excellence and promotes scholarship in journalism and mass communication. Membership must be earned by excellence in academic work at one of the colleges and universities which have chapters. 
The seventh-oldest national honor society, KTA was founded at the University of Missouri in 1910 at the world's first school of journalism. KTA is the only journalism and mass communication society recognized by the Association of College Honor Societies and is one of 67 ACHS members.
The emblem of Kappa Tau Alpha is the key, the oldest symbol of knowledge and communication, with a quill pen. The Greek letters mean "The Truth Will Prevail." The letters also suggest three English words: knowledge, truth and accuracy. The society's colors are light blue, signifying truth; and gold, emblematic of worth and high standards. 
The society co-sponsors the Kappa Tau Alpha-AEJMC Awards luncheon at the annual convention of the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication.

</doc>
<doc id="31053182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053182" title="SC 39">
SC 39

SC 39 or variant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31053208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053208" title="Hans Busk (1772-1862)">
Hans Busk (1772-1862)

Hans Busk the elder (28 May 1772 – 8 February 1862) was a Welsh poet, who published poems during the period 1814–34.
His poems included titles such as "The Banquet", "The Dessert" and "The Vestriad". Although obscure today, they did receive some attention at the time, for instance "The Banquet" and "The Vestriad" were reviewed in the "Literary Gazette", the latter on the front page.
Hans Busk lived at Glenalder Hall (or Glenalders), Nantmel, Radnorshire, Wales, and was a justice of the peace. He served as High Sheriff of Radnorshire in 1837. He later lived at Culverden Grove, Tunbridge Wells, Kent.
He died in 1862 at Great Cumberland Place, near Hyde Park in London.
Family.
He was the youngest son of Sir Wadsworth Busk and Alice, daughter of Edward Parish. His father served as Attorney General of the Isle of Man for more than twenty years, where Hans received his early education. His grandfather Jacob Hans Busk was an immigrant from Sweden or Norway.
In April or May 1814 he married Maria, daughter of Joseph Green. His eldest son was Hans Busk the younger. His daughters were Julia Clara Pitt Byrne; Rachel Harriette Busk; Maria Georgiana Loder, wife of Sir Robert Loder, 1st Baronet; Amelia Sophia Crawford (1817–1896); and Frances Rosalie Vansittart (involved in the important legal case "Vansittart v. Vansittart" against her husband in the Court of Chancery). The book "Converts to Rome" separately lists all five of his daughters as having converted to Catholicism, although in the case of Maria Georgiana it was when she was in her seventies.

</doc>
<doc id="31053264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053264" title="Multistate Tax Commission">
Multistate Tax Commission

The Multistate Tax Commission (or MTC) is a United States intergovernmental state tax agency created by the Multistate Tax Compact in 1967. As of 2011, 47 states are members of the Commission in some capacity. Commission members, acting together, attempt to promote uniformity in state tax laws. Its actions do not have the force of law, and member states may opt not to follow its recommendations. 
States require purchasers of goods who claim exemption from sales tax to provide certification to the seller of such exemption. The Commission has developed a Uniform Sales and Use Tax Exemption Certificate used by most states. 
The Multistate Tax Compact provides that the MTC may conduct audits of taxpayers on behalf of those states specifically authorizing such action. The Compact also provides definitions of terms that may be used by states in writing their tax laws.

</doc>
<doc id="31053301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053301" title="Persipas Paser">
Persipas Paser

Persipas stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Paser ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Paser"). Persipas Paser is an Indonesian football club based in Paser Regency, East Kalimantan. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31053345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053345" title="Marabar Caves">
Marabar Caves

The Marabar Caves are fictional caves in the novel "A Passage to India" and the film of the same name. The caves are based on the real life Barabar Caves located in the Jehanabad District of Bihar, India. They serve as an important plot location and motif in the novel. Key features of the caves are the glass smooth walls and a peculiar resonant echo magnifying any sound made in the caves.
Among many others, the main characters, Mrs. Moore, Adela Quested, and Dr. Aziz take a trip to the Marabar Caves. During the tour of the caves Adela, Dr. Aziz and a local guide carry on separately from the group. Adela privately questions her love for Ronny, a British Civil Magistrate in Chandrapore. She assumes Dr Aziz, as a Muslim, has many wives, and asks him about love. Rattled by the question (his only wife had died, leaving two sons and a daughter), Dr. Aziz takes temporary leave of her to have a cigarette. Adela is attracted to him, and he to her. They both realise simultaneously that a relationship is out of the question. Adela enters a cave, and her claustrophobia, her sexual desire for Aziz, and consequent guilt over her lack of feeling for Ronny, combine to overwhelm her. She flees the caves down a steep incline encountering several cacti plants along the way. Coincidentally, a fellow Englishwoman is there with a car and swiftly returns Adela to Chandrapore where she lodges a charge of molestation against Dr. Aziz. A trial ensues which is central to the novel's development of the cultural biases and conflicts during the British occupation of India.

</doc>
<doc id="31053347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053347" title="Estimates of opposing forces in the Battle of Borodino">
Estimates of opposing forces in the Battle of Borodino

The following is an estimate of the opposing forces by major historians of the Armies of Borodino and the year in which those estimates are made.

</doc>
<doc id="31053364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053364" title="Soulshock &amp; Cutfather">
Soulshock &amp; Cutfather

Soulshock & Cutfather was a successful Danish production house in the late 1980s and early 1990s made up of:
They formed a producer and DJ duo making a name by remixing for Danish artists such as Lis Sørensen ("Mine øjne de skal se"), Cut'N'Move ("Get Serious" and "Spread Love"), Laid Back ("Bakerman") and Back to Back ("Jonathan"). In 1990 they together started a record label Soulpower Productions, as part of Medley Records, where they particularly produced Yasmin and Cut'N'Move. Several times they won mixing championship produced for Queen Latifah and Ultra Naté.
The duo collaboration ended with Carsten Schack immigrating to the United States and soon after forming the duo Soulshock & Karlin with Kenneth Karlin.
Carsten Schack and Mich Hansen have both been judges on the Danish X Factor, Carsten "Soulshock" Schack in season 3 (2010) and Mich "Cutfather" Hansen in season 4 (2011) and season 5 (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="31053389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053389" title="Mal Waldron Plays Eric Satie">
Mal Waldron Plays Eric Satie

Mal Waldron Plays Eric Satie is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron playing compositions by Erik Satie recorded in 1983 and released by the Japanese Baybridge label. 

</doc>
<doc id="31053398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053398" title="Johann Georg Gödelmann">
Johann Georg Gödelmann

Johann Georg Gödelmann, (also Godelmann) (May 12, 1559 – March 20, 1611) was a German jurist, diplomat and demonological writer. He was born in Tuttlingen, and died, aged 51, in Dresden

</doc>
<doc id="31053411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053411" title="John Neville, 4th Baron Latimer">
John Neville, 4th Baron Latimer

John Neville, 4th Baron Latimer (1520 – 22 April 1577) was an English peer, and the stepson of Katherine Parr, later the sixth wife of King Henry VIII.
Early life.
John Neville, born about 1520, was the only son of John Neville, 3rd Baron Latimer, by his first wife, Dorothy de Vere, daughter of Sir George Vere (d.1503) by Margaret, daughter and heiress of Sir William Stafford of Bishop's Frome, Herefordshire. Dorothy de Vere was the sister and co-heiress of John de Vere, 14th Earl of Oxford. She died 7 February 1527, and was buried at Well, North Yorkshire. After her death the 3rd Baron married secondly, on 20 July 1528, Elizabeth Musgrave, the daughter of Sir Edward Musgrave, by whom he had no issue. A few years after her death in 1530 he contracted a third marriage in 1533 with Katherine Parr, the widow of Sir Edward Borough, by whom he also had no issue.
Katherine is said to have been a kind stepmother to the 3rd Baron's two children, John and Margaret. In her will, dated 23 March 1545, Margaret stated was unable to render Katherine sufficient thanks 'for the godly education and tender love and bountiful goodness which I have evermore found in her Highness'.
There is some indication that Margaret was the 3rd Baron's father's favourite child, which, if true, might explain the turbulence which followed as John got older. As a teenager, John proved to be a confident sulking, lying, and over-sensitive boy. The 3rd Baron did not name his son as heir to his properties, and ensured that his son could not meddle with his inheritance or father's legacy. In the 3rd Baron's will, his wife Katherine was named guardian of his daughter, and was put in charge of the 4th Baron's affairs, which were to be given over to his daughter when she reached the age of majority.
In January 1537, Neville, his sister Margaret, and step-mother Katherine were held hostage at Snape Castle during the Pilgrimage of Grace. The rebels ransacked the house and sent word to the 3rd Baron, who was returning from London, that if he did not return immediately they would kill his family. When the returned to the castle he somehow talked the rebels into releasing his family and leaving, but the aftermath to follow with Latimer would prove to be taxing on the whole family.
Later life.
John Neville became 4th Baron Latimer at his father's death on 2 March 1543. Katherine remained close to her former stepchildren, and made the 4th Baron's wife, Lucy Somerset, a lady-in-waiting when she became queen consort to King Henry VIII.
In May 1544 the 4th Baron was involved with the siege of Edinburgh in Scotland and he was there knighted at Butterdean near Coldingham. He then went to war in France where he took part in the siege of Abbeville.
The 4th baron was emotionally unstable in later life. In the summer of 1553, he was sent to Fleet Prison on charges of violence done to a servant. He was arrested for attempted rape and assault in 1557, and in 1563 he killed a man. Of the situation in 1553, Thomas Edwards wrote to the Earl of Rutland describing the violence which had taken place with the servant quoting "too great a villainy for a noble man, my thought." That this public violence occurred after the death of his step-mother, Catherine, might suggest that at least she had some sort of control over Neville while she was alive.
The 4th Baron died without male issue in 1577, at which time the title was wrongfully assumed by Richard Neville (d. 27 May 1590) of Penwyn and Wyke Sapie, Worcestershire, only son of William Neville (15 July 1497 – c.1545), second son of Richard Neville, 2nd Baron Latimer. However according to modern doctrine, the barony fell into abeyance among the 4th Baron's four daughters until 1913, when it was determined in favour of the 4th Baron's descendant, Francis Money-Coutts, 5th Baron Latymer.
Marriage and issue.
In 1545, Latimer married Lucy Somerset, the daughter of Henry Somerset, 2nd Earl of Worcester, by his second wife, Elizabeth Browne, the daughter of Sir Anthony Browne, who became a lady-in-waiting to her husband's former step-mother, Queen Catherine Parr. They had four daughters:
All of their daughters' first marriages above produced children.

</doc>
<doc id="31053427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053427" title="List of hexapod robots">
List of hexapod robots

This is a list of hexapod robots.

</doc>
<doc id="31053459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053459" title="USS SC-40">
USS SC-40

USS "SC-40", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 40" or USS "S.C. 40", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
"SC-40" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 13 February 1918 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 40", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 40".
In 1919, "Submarine Chaser No. 40" participated in North Sea minesweeping operations to clear the North Sea Mine Barrage after World War I.
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 40" was classified as SC-40 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-40".
On 14 October 1924, the Navy sold "SC-40" to the Florida Boat Company of Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="31053529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053529" title="Myles Jury">
Myles Jury

Myles Jury (born October 31, 1988) is an American mixed martial artist. He is currently signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship, competing in the Lightweight division. As of May 26, 2014, he is #9 in official UFC Lightweight rankings.
Background.
Jury was born in Hazel Park, Michigan and was raised in a broken home, as his parents divorced when he was two years old causing Jury to live with his father who was a roofer. Jury began wrestling in the seventh grade and demonstrated his grappling talents early, going 12-2 in his first year. Jury then began training in Brazilian jiu-jitsu at the age of 13, being taken under the wing of Don Richard. From there, Jury transitioned into MMA when he was 14 and had his first fight when he was 15. Jury later moved to nearby Fenton, Michigan with his mother and step-father, a mechanic. Jury attended Fenton High School, where he won the district championship and received All-State honors in his senior year.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Jury made his professional MMA debut in October 2005. Prior to appearing on The Ultimate Fighter, he competed primarily for the King of the Cage promotion in California. In his first five years as a fighter he amassed a record of 9-0, with all of his wins coming in the first round.
Fury earned his black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under Don Richard (who is a black belt under Master Caique). From there he started his own MMA Affiliate system teaching wrestling, striking, and jiu-jitsu.
The Ultimate Fighter.
Myles Jury had two stints on the Ultimate Fighter. His first stint was on TUF 13, when he tore his ACL in the first episode and was sidelined for a year without being able to train. But he was able to compete on TUF 15 as was one of the 32 Lightweight fighters announced by the UFC to participate in first live season of The Ultimate Fighter reality show.
Jury won his fight to get in the house, then was selected to fight Al Iaquinta and was defeated by via split decision after three rounds, which won fight of the season.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Jury officially made his UFC debut at on June 1, 2012 against Chris Saunders. He won the fight via submission in the first round.
Jury next fought Michael Johnson on December 29, 2012 at UFC 155. Jury dominated Johnson for all three rounds to earn a unanimous decision.
Jury faced Ramsey Nijem on April 20, 2013 at UFC on Fox 7. He won the fight via one punch knockout in the second round.
Jury faced Mike Ricci on September 21, 2013 at UFC 165. Jury won the fight via split decision.
For his fifth UFC fight, Jury faced Diego Sanchez on March 15, 2014 at UFC 171. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Jury was expected to face Abel Trujillo on June 28, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 44. However, Jury pulled out of the bout citing an injury and Trujillo was pulled for the event as well.
Jury is expected to face Takanori Gomi on September 20, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 52.

</doc>
<doc id="31053544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053544" title="Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower &amp; Reserve Affairs)">
Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower &amp; Reserve Affairs)

Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) is the title of a civilian office in the United States Department of the Air Force. Along with the three other Assistant Secretaries of the Air Force, the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) assists the United States Secretary of the Air Force and the United States Under Secretary of the Air Force.
By law, the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) is appointed by the President of the United States from civilian life with the advice and consent of the United States Senate." One of the Assistant Secretaries serves as Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) and has "as his principal duty the overall supervision of manpower and reserve component affairs of the Department of the Air Force."

</doc>
<doc id="31053592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053592" title="Tahrir Square (disambiguation)">
Tahrir Square (disambiguation)

Tahrir Square (Arabic: , "", lit: "Liberation Square") is a major public town square in downtown Cairo.
Tahrir Square may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31053597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053597" title="Hǫfuð">
Hǫfuð

Hǫfuð (means "man-head") is the sword of Heimdall. It's mentioned in "Gylfaginning" chapter 26.
And "Skáldskaparmál" mentions a mysterious myth about Heimdall's head and sword in chapter 8.

</doc>
<doc id="31053618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053618" title="Royal Kingston Curling Club">
Royal Kingston Curling Club

Royal Kingston Curling Club is a curling club located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1820 and is recognized as one of the oldest curling clubs in Canada. The club received royal patronage in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31053661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053661" title="Bryan Haczyk">
Bryan Haczyk

Bryan Haczyk (pronounced HA-chek) is an American professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He most recently played for the Trenton Titans of the ECHL during the 2012–13 season.
Playing career.
Haczyk was born in Secaucus, New Jersey and grew up in Jersey City before moving to Nutley at age seven. He was a fan of the New York Rangers as a child. Haczyk attended Seton Hall Prep where he won two state championships and won the Gordon Conference MVP award. Haczyk then played one year for the New Jersey Hitmen of the EJHL. He moved to the Green Bay Gamblers of the United States Hockey League for the 2005–06 and 2006–07 seasons. 
In 2007 he enrolled in Niagara University. Haczyk played for Niagara for four full seasons, not missing a regular season game for his entire career at Niagara. For the first three seasons at Niagara Haczyk often served as a short-handed specialist and was known for his skating speed. In the 2010–11 season he served as the team captain. After scoring 18 goals in his first three seasons at Niagara, Haczyk scored 27 goals in the 2010–11 regular season. During the month of January 2011 he was chosen as the Hockey Commissioners Association's player of the month in part due to a 21-game scoring streak. While at Niagara he maintained a 3.9 Grade Point Average and graduated a semester early with a major in Accounting.
After finishing his career at Niagara, Haczyk began playing for the Trenton Devils at the end of the 2010–11 season. He also signed a contract with the Devils' organization for the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31053668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053668" title="Bahishti Maqbara">
Bahishti Maqbara

Bahishti Maqbara (English: The Heavenly Graveyard), located originally in Qadian, India and then in Rabwah, Pakistan is a religious cemetery established by the Ahmadiyya Community as a directive from the community's founder Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, made known in his booklet "Al-Wasiyyat". Mirza Ghulam Ahmad established it in his will after he saw an angel showing him the place of his burial.
History.
In 1905, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, founder of the Ahmadiyya 
Muslim Community wrote a publication titled "Al-Wassiyat" (English: The Will). In it, he describes establishing a cemetery for members of the community who are more spiritual than materialistic. At the time, finding a suitable piece of land in and around Qadian was costly and as such, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad proposed a piece of land from his own property.
He also proposed that for anyone to be buried in Bahishti Maqbara, the following three requirements be fulfilled:
Locations.
To date, there are two cemeteries dedicated as Bahisti Maqbara. The first is located in Qadian, India and the second, in Rabwah, Pakistan.
Qadian.
On May 26, 1908, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad died and was taken by train to Batala. From there, he was carried to Qadian where he was eventually buried in Bahisti Maqbara. Thousands of members of the community arrived in Qadian for funeral prayers while prominent leaders within the community unanimously agreed Hakeem Noor-ud-Din should lead the community as the first successor to Mirza Ghulam Ahmad. As Khalifatul Masih, Hakeem Noor-ud-Din led the funeral prayer for Mirza Ghulam Ahmad the same day.
Notable Burials.
Frequently visited sites in the cemetery include the grave of Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad and Mirza Nasir Ahmad, the second and third Caliphs of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community and successor of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad.
Nobel laureate Abdus Salam was buried in Bahishti Maqbara, Rabwah next to his parents' graves. The epitaph on his tomb initially read "First Muslim Nobel Laureate" but due to Salam's adherence to the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, the word "Muslim" was later erased on the orders of a local magistrate under Ordinance XX which declares Ahmadis non-Muslims. After his death on November 21, 1996, over 13,000 visited to pay their last respects and over 30,000 people attended his funeral prayers.
Muhammad Zafarullah Khan, Pakistan's first Asian President of the International Court of Justice is also buried in Bahishti Maqbara, Rabwah.

</doc>
<doc id="31053709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053709" title="Dinosaur Park (Prince George's County, Maryland)">
Dinosaur Park (Prince George's County, Maryland)

Dinosaur Park is a park located in the 13200 block of Mid-Atlantic Boulevard, near Laurel and Muirkirk, Maryland, and operated by the Prince George's County Department of Parks and Recreation. The park features a fenced area where visitors can join paleontologists and volunteers in searching for early Cretaceous fossils. The park also has an interpretive garden with plants and information signs. The park is in the approximate location of discoveries of "Astrodon" teeth and bones as early as the 19th century.
In the 18th and 19th centuries, the clays of the Muirkirk Deposit in Prince George's County, Maryland were mined for siderite, or iron ore. Iron furnaces located throughout the region melted down siderite to produce iron and steel used in construction and manufacturing. In 1858, African-American miners working in open pit mines were the first to discover dinosaur fossils in Maryland.
Among the first scientists to explore the Muirkirk Deposit was Maryland state geologist Phillip Thomas Tyson. He brought some of the strange bones discovered in the iron mines to a meeting of the Maryland Academy of Sciences in 1859, where his colleagues identified them as dinosaurs. Paleontologist Othniel Charles Marsh was also interested in Maryland fossils. In the winter of 1887, he sent John Bell Hatcher to search the iron mines. Hatcher recovered hundreds of fossils, including the remains of ancient turtles and crocodiles. In the 1890s, Smithsonian Institution scientists Charles Gilmore and Arthur Bibbins also visited Prince George’s County, uncovering dinosaur teeth and other fossils that were added to the Smithsonian collection.
In December 1995, the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission acquired 22 acres near Laurel, encompassing several Muirkirk Deposit exposure sites. The park protects these sites from development and unrestricted collecting, and provides an outdoor laboratory where the public can work alongside professional and amateur paleontologists to help uncover the past.

</doc>
<doc id="31053710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053710" title="Persiko Kota Baru">
Persiko Kota Baru

Persiko stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kota Baru ("en: Football Association of Indonesia New Town"). Persiko Kota Baru or Persiko New Town FC is an Indonesian football club based in Kotabaru Regency, South Kalimantan. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31053713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053713" title="Cyphodynerus">
Cyphodynerus

Cyphodynerus is an afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="31053720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053720" title="Audi Type C">
Audi Type C

The Audi Type C was introduced in 1912. It became popular with the German people and Army, being brought back into production for a couple of years after the war. Its performance, handling and reliability along with rally successes greatly raised Audi's profile, and the Type C was a commercial success. 1,116 cars were produced.
It featured a four cylinder in-line engine with a displacement of 3,564 cc, with a maximum output of at 1800 rpm. The Type C had a maximum speed of 90 km/h (56 mph).
From 1912 through to 1914, the Audi Type C completed the Austrian Alpine Rally, winning in these three successive years. The Austrian Alpine Rally was one of the most competitive motorsport endurance races of the era.

</doc>
<doc id="31053723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053723" title="Tapper World Tour">
Tapper World Tour

Tapper World Tour is an arcade game for Apple's iOS and is a modern reinterpretation of the classic arcade game "Tapper", released in 1983 by Bally Midway. Players take the role of a bartender with the goal of serving drinks and collecting empty glasses and tips from a demanding group of patrons.
Warner Bros. Digital Distribution announced "Tapper World Tour" in February 2011 and is working with famous animator Don Bluth and his game development company Square One Studios. Bluth is involved with creating much of the art style and design of the game.
Gameplay.
In "Tapper World Tour", players wander to different watering holes around the globe to serve libations to patrons. As the tender of the bar, players have three or more counter tops to manage. Patrons arrive sporadically at the end of each bar slowly advancing and demanding drinks.
Customers are served by filling a mug with their drink of choice and sliding the mug towards the advancing customer. Once caught, the satisfied patron gulps his drink and heads to the end of the line. As the game progresses, customers appear more frequently, move faster along the bar and are pushed back shorter distances after catching their drinks.
Bartenders must clear the entire lot of customers to proceed to the next level.
Release.
On February 3, 2011, Warner Bros. Digital Distribution announced that "Tapper World Tour" would be available for the Apple iOS, however an official release date was not specified.
On February 15, 2011, the first official trailer was released and revealed some of the gameplay and various locations "Tapper World Tour" takes place.
Reception.
Preview coverage of the game has been positive. Jared Nelson of Touch Arcade said that “we’re eager to get our hands on the game to see how the new version plays out on iOS.”
IGN'S Levi Buchanan expressed that he was “really excited for the iOS remake from Warner Bros. because Don Bluth – the genius behind two of my favorite arcade games: Dragon's Lair and Space Ace – has been signed to do the art and animation.”
"Tapper World Tour" received top accolades at the 2011 Game Developers Conference including one of PocketGamer's "Top 10 most promising iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad games from GDC 2011"<ref>and one of IGN's "GDC: 5 Great iPhone and iPad Games." [http://wireless.ign.com/articles/115/1153952p1.html

</doc>
<doc id="31053727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053727" title="Yeahwon Shin">
Yeahwon Shin

Yeahwon Shin is a vocalist born in South Korea.
Currently residing in New York, she has performed extensively with some of the best musicians on the Jazz/World music scene,
Her second album "Lua ya" has been released in August 2013 on the innovative label ECM Records with contribution of pianist Aaron Parks and accordionist Rob Curto.

</doc>
<doc id="31053733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053733" title="Eumenidiopsis">
Eumenidiopsis

Eumenidiopsis is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with eight known species.

</doc>
<doc id="31053736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053736" title="St. Paul's United Church of Christ of Laramie">
St. Paul's United Church of Christ of Laramie

St. Paul's United Church of Christ of Laramie was founded in 1886 as the first German language congregation in Wyoming. The church building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983. The cornerstone was laid on July 13, 1890, three days after statehood. Clergy from Chicago and the local Christian, Methodist, Episcopal, Presbyterian and Baptist Churches participated in the ceremony, with an address by Dr. John Wesley Hoyt, former Governor of Wyoming Territory and at the time first president of the University of Wyoming. The building was completed and dedicated on January 18, 1891. It is the oldest church structure in Laramie continuously used by the same congregation. With its stained glass windows and heavy wooden furnishings, St. Paul's is reminiscent of rural German churches. Those elaborate windows and its many simplified Gothic elements make the building unique among Lutheran churches in Wyoming.
The church's several name changes reflect its history. The original name for the congregation (which spoke and worshiped in German) was "Deutsche Evangelische Lutherische St. Paulus Gemeinde". The original church building name was St. Paulus Kirche. The congregation joined the Evangelical Synod of North America in 1904 after incorporating the year before as St. Pauls German Evangelical Church of Laramie, Wyoming. (The original corporate name omitted the apostrophe in "St. Paul's" because German does not use one.) After the Evangelical Synod merged with the Reformed Church in the United States in 1934, St. Pauls changed its name in 1949 to St. Paul's Evangelical and Reformed Church of Laramie, Wyoming. After the Evangelical and Reformed Church merged with the Congregational Christian Churches in 1957 to create the United Church of Christ, the church changed its name in 1963 to St. Paul's United Church of Christ. Since 1974 the church has had its present name, St. Paul's United Church of Christ of Laramie.
During World War I St. Paul's (locally known then as "the German church") and its German-speaking pastor, Rev. O.G. Wichmann, were the targets of anti-German sentiment and murmurings of spying and other disloyal activities. The church's last German language sermon was preached in 1932. In 1976, St. Paul's became the first Laramie church to call an ordained woman as its pastor. 

</doc>
<doc id="31053749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053749" title="Gaston's Mill-Lock No. 36, Sandy and Beaver Canal District">
Gaston's Mill-Lock No. 36, Sandy and Beaver Canal District

Gaston's Mill-Lock No. 36, Sandy and Beaver Canal District, is a historic district listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The district is located within Beaver Creek State Park, approximately 1 mile south of Clarkson, Ohio. Gaston's Mill was constructed in 1837 and was powered by Little Beaver Creek. Lock 36 was one of 90 locks on the Sandy and Beaver Canal. Construction of this canal began in 1834 but was not completed until 1848.
Restoration and reconstruction of the mill began in 1964 and today it grinds whole wheat flour, corn meal and buckwheat flour. Gaston's Mill is the only working water-powered grist mill in Columbiana County. The rebuilding of Lock 36 began in 1988 and was completed in 1991. The lock was restored as an example of how locks were used to raise and lower boats in the canal.
History.
Gaston's Mill was built by Samuel Conkle around 1837, on land that was then part of his father Jacob's farm; the land came into his possession in 1843 after his father's death. Conkle employed the mill with a wide range of grains, including corn, wheat, oats, and buckwheat. In 1849, he sold the mill along with the land and water privileges to James Gaston. The mill is named for Philander Gaston, James Gaston's son, who owned the mill longer than any other owner. The mill was water powered until Gaston sold it in 1886. Subsequently, the source of power changed to steam and then to gasoline. The mill was in operation until World War I. At its peak, the mill produced nearly 200 pounds of flour per day.
Lock 36 was one of 90 locks on the Sandy and Beaver Canal. The canal was under construction between 1828 and 1848. The canal was built as a "feeder" canal to join the Ohio and Erie Canal.
Restoration.
The mill was renovated under the auspices of the Columbiana Forests and Park Council (now the "Friends of Beaver Creek State Park". Restoration began in January, 1964. The council commissioned Lorin Cameron of Damascus, Ohio to undertake the restoration of the mill. During the reconstruction, the building was straightened and wood beams were replaced in the basement. The mill's siding and part of the floors were replaced and a new shingle roof was installed. A new roof was put on the building using shingles produced by an old shingle machine built in 1857 in Salem, Ohio. Most of the wood timbers and posts are original.
Restoration of Lock 36 began in 1988 and was completed in 1991. The cantilevered wood-beam gates used in the restoration were built during a workshop held at Beaver Creek State Park. The builders, Christian & Son Timber, constructed the gates using period tools and dressed as craftsmen of the mid-1800s.
Today, the renovated mill and lock are part of Pioneer Village in Beaver Creek State park. The village, open to visitors, is operated by the Friends of Beaver Creek State park. The Blanche Williams Home near the mill, home of the last private owner of the mill, burned down in 2013.
Recognition.
Gaston's Mill-Lock No. 36, Sandy And Beaver Canal District (section) was added to the National Register of Historic Places in May 1974. The property was selected according to National Register criteria that recognizes that Gaston's Mill-Lock No. 36, Sandy And Beaver Canal District is "associated with events that have made significant contributions to broad patters of history" and that the district embodies "distinctive characteristics of a type, period, or method of construction or represent the works of a master, or possess high artistic values, or represent a significant and distinguishable entity." Its significance is due partially to its rarity: the route from Elkton and Fredericktown was formerly lined with six mills, but Gaston's is the only one that remains.

</doc>
<doc id="31053762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053762" title="Persista Sintang">
Persista Sintang

Persista stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Sintang ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Sintang"). Persista Sintang is an Indonesian football club based in Sintang, West Kalimantan. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31053778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053778" title="Eustenancistrocerus">
Eustenancistrocerus

Eustenancistrocerus is an afrotropical, palearctic and oriental genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="31053787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053787" title="Sadr Faujdari Adalat">
Sadr Faujdari Adalat

Ṣadr Faujdari ʿAdālat () were courts of criminal justice in Mughal and British India. The Faujdari criminal courts are considered the beginning of Hindu and Muslim "personal law" separated from the jurisdiction of civil law in colonial India - a juridical norm preserved as a key principle of democratic secularism in postcolonial India.
History.
The chief institution of this criminal court system was known as the Ṣadr Nizami ʿAdālat ("Administrative Court of Justice") in Calcutta of Bengal Presidency. This chief Administrative Court in Calcutta Criminal oversaw criminal courts in outlying districts and in Madras and Bombay Presidencies. The system was instituted by Warren Hastings, the British governor-general, in 1772, in his reforms of the East India Company's growing sovereign powers. 
They were technically operated by Muslim legal scholars (a qazi or mufti). Hindus were tried with the expertise of a pandit (or scholar of Hindu tradition). These princely nawabs in various parts of India were either independent of, beholden to, or in collusion with British colonial authorities. The Sadr Faujdari Adalat courts were the local juridical arm of the Mughal "princely" rulers (nawabs), whose governmental authority co-existed alongside the British in late 18th and 19th centuries. Ultimately, over the succeeding century after their establishment, the local Indian authorities of the Sadr Faujdari Adalat were gradually supplanted by the British. The high criminal court, like its counterpart for civil jurisdiction — the Sadr Diwani Adalat - was abolished after the Indian Rebellion of 1857 (known by the British as "the Mutiny"), and its powers and jurisdiction were transferred to new high courts of judicature set up by the Indian High Courts Act of 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="31053788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053788" title="Cyrtandra crenata">
Cyrtandra crenata

Cyrtandra crenata is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name Kahana Valley cyrtandra. It is endemic to Oahu in Hawaii, where it is known only from the Koolau Mountains. It has not been seen since 1947, however, and it is feared extinct. The habitat is steep and inaccessible in some areas, so it is possible that specimens of this species still exist in the wild. It was federally listed an endangered species of the United States in 1994. This shrub grows 1 to 2 meters tall and bears white flowers. Like other Hawaiian "Cyrtandra" it is called ha`iwale.

</doc>
<doc id="31053806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053806" title="Christian Howard (footballer)">
Christian Howard (footballer)

Christian Howard (born 19 March 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who currently plays with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League. 
Originally from Adelaide, South Australia, Howard was drafted to the Bulldogs from the Glenelg Football Club in the SANFL with their first selection, the 15th overall in the 2009 AFL Draft. Howard was a surprise selection for the Bulldogs in the draft, with many predicting he would not be drafted until at least the third round.
Seen as a potential long term replacement for Lindsay Gilbee, Howard missed a large part of his first season with a hip injury and could not force his way into the senior lineup. Howard made his senior debut for the Western Bulldogs in round 10 on Sunday, 29 May 2011, he played well picking up 11 possessions in the sides 29 point loss to hawthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="31053809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053809" title="Extreuodynerus">
Extreuodynerus

Extreuodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with a single described species "Extreuodynerus mirificus".

</doc>
<doc id="31053824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053824" title="Road Trips Volume 4 Number 2">
Road Trips Volume 4 Number 2

Road Trips Volume 4 Number 2 is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead. The 14th of the "Road Trips" series of archival releases, it was recorded on March 31 and April 1, 1988, at the Brendan Byrne Arena in East Rutherford, New Jersey. It was released as a three disc CD on February 1, 2011.
"Road Trips Volume 4 Number 2", subtitled "April Fools' '88", includes the complete April 1 concert, along with the second set, encore, and two songs from the first set of the March 31 concert. It was only the second live Dead album that was recorded in 1988; the first was "Grateful Dead Download Series Volume 5".
The April 1 performance of Bob Dylan's "Ballad of a Thin Man" had been previously released on "Postcards of the Hanging".
Critical reception.
In Allmusic, Jeff Tamarkin gave "Road Trips Volume 4 Number 2" three stars out of five, and wrote a somewhat unfavorable review, saying, "... it would seem that those newbies to the scene were witnessing a band that was offering diminishing returns. From the evidence present on this three-CD compendium of tracks recorded in East Rutherford, N.J., on March 31 and April 1, 1988, the Dead had become more or less predictable and somewhat frayed. That isn't to say there aren't moments of inspiration and near-brilliance here... " He concluded, "This "Road Trips" volume is far from a disaster, and Grateful Dead loyalists who remember the era fondly are likely to overlook the flaws and enjoy it for what it is. But anyone just discovering this iconic American band would be far better off with one of the classic "Dick's Picks" sets dating from the early '70s." 
In All About Jazz, Doug Collette was more positive, writing, "Near the end of the '80s, the Grateful Dead was ascending to a pinnacle of performing comparable to its best days in the previous two decades. On disc two, the ambitious interweaving of vintage original material, as well as covers including Traffic's "Dear Mr. Fantasy" (sung so emotively by keyboardist Brent Mydland), benefits tremendously from the excellent recording originally overseen by engineer Dan Healy. In addition, Jeffrey Norman's HDCD mastering brings out the detail in the septet's musicianship, including the snappy interaction between drummers Bill Kreutzmann and Mickey Hart — and not just on pithy "Rhythm Devils"/"Space" interval, but their locked in tandem work during "I Need a Miracle."
Writing in "The Music Box", John Metzger was even more enthusiastic, saying, "Beautifully replicated on "Road Trips, Vol. 4, No. 2" — where the April Fools' Day gig is paired with material from the preceding night — the group's performance at New Jersey's Brendan Byrne Arena was simply spectacular... As "Road Trips, Vol. 4, No. 2" attests, the Grateful Dead certainly was on an upswing in 1988, one which would last for several years. Whether navigating the hilly terrain that linked "China Cat Sunflower" with "I Know You Rider"; the intoxicated, funky jazz that connected "Estimated Prophet" to "Eyes of the World"; or the frenetically propulsive bluegrass of "Cumberland Blues", the members of the Grateful Dead were fully in synch. Fueled by sobriety, new material, and — for the first time in its career — a hit record, the outfit almost seemed to be making amends for the time it lost during the first half of the decade. Things were certainly good in the world of the Grateful Dead."
Set lists.
Following are the full set lists from the March 30, March 31, and April 1, 1988 concerts at the Brendan Byre Arena.
Wednesday, March 30
Thursday, March 31
Friday, April 1

</doc>
<doc id="31053837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053837" title="St. Peter's Lutheran Church Kinde, Michigan">
St. Peter's Lutheran Church Kinde, Michigan

St. Peter’s Lutheran Church is a church located in Kinde, Michigan. It is a member of the Michigan District of the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod.
History.
The church has its roots in the ghost town of Port Crescent, Michigan. In 1844, Rev. W. Swartz of Ruth, Michigan organizes the area Lutherans and ultimately founds the church under the name of The German Evangelical Lutheran St. Peters Church of Port Crescent in 1873. Services were held in private homes. In 1893, the congregation, under Rev. E. Berner, purchases the All Saints Episcopalian Church, built 1885.
In 1901, Mr. Albert Iseler donates an acre of land to Zion Church
In 1907, the businessmen of Kinde, Michigan offered the congregation $130 and a plot of land to relocate their Church to their town. They accepted and the Church was moved from Port Crescent. From then to present, the church was served by many Pastors and joined with Zion Lutheran Church in 1950. The addition of a hall was completed in 2005.
In 2010, the church served as a scene in the movie This Must be the Place starring Sean Penn.
Present.
Today, St. Peter's Lutheran Church is served by Pastor David Putz, from Lapeer, Michigan. The church has 121 baptized members with 56 congregants on an average Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="31053847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053847" title="Gioiella (wasp)">
Gioiella (wasp)

Gioiella is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with three described species.

</doc>
<doc id="31053850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053850" title="Tahrir Square, Alexandria">
Tahrir Square, Alexandria

Tahrir Square "Alexandria", ( , ), is a public town square in Alexandria, northern Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="31053860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053860" title="Globepipona">
Globepipona

Globepipona is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with a single species, "Globepipona zairensis".

</doc>
<doc id="31053868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053868" title="Belonimorphis belonimorphis">
Belonimorphis belonimorphis

Belonimorphis belonimorphis is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002. It is the sole species within the genus "Belonimorphis".

</doc>
<doc id="31053871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053871" title="Globodynerus">
Globodynerus

Globodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with a single species, "Globodynerus globosus".

</doc>
<doc id="31053878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053878" title="PSKT Tomohon">
PSKT Tomohon

PSKT stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Kota Tomohon ("en: Football Association of Tomohon City"). PSKT Tomohon is an Indonesian football club based in Tomohon, North Sulawesi. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31053898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053898" title="Interzumia">
Interzumia

Interzumia is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with a single species, "Interzumia rufonigra".

</doc>
<doc id="31053900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053900" title="Daniel B. Ginsberg">
Daniel B. Ginsberg

Daniel B. Ginsberg is the current United States Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs), having held that office since 2009.
Biography.
Daniel B. Ginsberg was born in West Lafayette, Indiana and raised in Dunwoody, Georgia. He was educated at the University of Michigan, receiving a B.A. in political science in 1995. During his time in college, he was an intern in the office of Sen. Sam Nunn (D–Ga.) in Washington, D.C. from 1990 to 1992. He was a research assistant for Senator Nunn from 1993 to 1995. Later in 1995, he interned at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, studying at the London School of Economics during this period, and then at the United States Mission to NATO in Brussels. He then studied at the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University, receiving an M.A. in strategic studies in 1998. During this period, he completed a fellowship at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments in 1998. 
After completing his education, Ginsberg spent 1999 as a university fellow at the University of Chicago Political Science Department, and worked as a research fellow at RAND Corporation. In 2000, he became Defense Legislative Assistant in the Office of Sen. Patrick Leahy (D–Vt.). In 2007, he was promoted to Senator Leahy's Senior Defense Policy Adviser.
On May 12, 2009, President of the United States Barack Obama nominated Ginsberg to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs), and Ginsberg assumed office following Senate confirmation.

</doc>
<doc id="31053912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053912" title="Ischnogasteroides">
Ischnogasteroides

Ischnogasteroides is an afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps with a single species, "Ischnogasteroides flavus".

</doc>
<doc id="31053914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053914" title="Wim Meuldijk">
Wim Meuldijk

Wim Meuldijk (8 June 1922 – 27 December 2007) was a Dutch writer, illustrator, and screenwriter. He is the creator of "Ketelbinkie", one of the most popular Dutch comics after World War II, and of Pipo de Clown, the star of a television show that ran from 1958 to 1980 which Meuldijk produced, filmed, and for which he wrote the script.
Biography.
Meuldijk's career as an illustrator really started during World War II. While in hiding to avoid being drafted, he developed a comic ("Snowflake and the Eskimo"), and after the war started publishing a comic magazine, "Snowflake", which turned into "Ketelbinkie Krant", a magazine containing what was to be his breakthrough: "Ketelbinkie", a three-panel comic about a little street kid with miraculous strength. The comic first appeared in 1945 and ran in the daily newspapers for twelve years. After that, Meuldijk wrote for radio shows until he was asked by the VARA, one of the Dutch broadcasting organizations, to help make a television show. He drew the clown and thus created the character Pipo de Clown.
For more than twenty years, Meuldijk wrote the Pipo shows. During the show's first years he actually lived and traveled in a travel trailer, just like his character, and both his wife and his daughter were recognized in Pipo's wife and daughter, Mamaloe and Petra. His daughter, Belinda, first performed on the show at age six. In the early days of "Pipo de Clown", which was initially broadcast live on Wednesday afternoon, Meuldijk did everything himself, from writing the script and casting the supporting actors to designing the set and choosing locations; he even built and painted Pipo's travel trailer. 
Meuldijk also wrote screenplays for other television shows, including "Mik & Mak" and "Koning Bolo", and scenes for the Dutch "Sesame Street", but remained pigeonholed the rest of his life as the creator of Pipo. His last creative act was the script for the 2003 film "Pipo en de p-p-Parelridder". At the time of filming he was 81 and could not direct the movie, but did spend a number of days on the set in Cordoba, Spain.
He is praised for his imaginative use of language and is credited with coining a number of expressions that via Pipo and other characters from the show made their way into daily usage.

</doc>
<doc id="31053926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053926" title="Hooded Fang (band)">
Hooded Fang (band)

Hooded Fang are a Canadian indie rock band, formed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in 2007. The band's music is in rotation on CBC Radio. The band's debut recording "EP" was self-released on 15 September 2008. Their first full length album, "Album", was self-released on 6 August 2010, and distributed by Outside Music. Both recordings have received critical acclaim from "Exclaim!". The band released their debut UK album, "Tosta Mista", in March 2012 on the UK independent record label, Full Time Hobby.
Their third album, "Gravez" was released in April 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="31053931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053931" title="Joseph Benhard">
Joseph Benhard

Joseph Benhard (born 10 May 1972) is a Namibian boxer. Shivute competed for Namibia at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Fighting as a light flyweight, Benhard lost to Spaniard Rafael Lozano in the first round.
Benhard turned professional in 2004 but lost the light weight challenge in 2005 to Simon Negodhi. He then tried to make a comeback but his age wouldn’t allow it. Nicknamed "Fimbi Kaliwa", he is still undefeated in his amateur boxing career. He founded the Kilimanjaro Boxing club in March 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31053945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053945" title="Cerithiella">
Cerithiella

Cerithiella is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Newtoniellidae.
This genus was described by Verrill in 1882.
Species.
Species in the genus "Cerithiella" include:

</doc>
<doc id="31053947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053947" title="Martin Bashir (TV series)">
Martin Bashir (TV series)

Martin Bashir was an hour-long weekday U.S. and world political commentary program on MSNBC. The program aired live at 4:00 p.m. ET and was hosted by Martin Bashir. The show premiered on February 28, 2011 moving "MSNBC Live with Thomas Roberts" to 11:00 a.m. ET. It aired from a small customized studio that is actually part of Studio 3A, the primary MSNBC newsroom and studio at 30 Rock. 
Show content.
The program was often a mix of both news and opinion content, serving as a lead-in to the network's afternoon and prime time opinion programming. Bashir gave thoughts on the issues of the day along with a panel of guests and other relevant interviews pertaining to a specific issue being covered. Bashir presented the series with a liberal point of view.
Broadcast history.
The program originally aired in the 3 p.m. slot, but moved forward one hour on June 25, 2012, replacing "The Dylan Ratigan Show". "The Cycle", a new multi-host program, launched in the 3 p.m. hour beginning the same day. 
The show was effectively cancelled after its November 22 edition after controversial comments from Bashir made about the former Governor of Alaska and Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin the week previous, going on an already-planned Thanksgiving break. On December 4, 2013, Bashir resigned from his position at MSNBC after he made "ill-judged comments" about Sarah Palin.

</doc>
<doc id="31053951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053951" title="Persikos Sorong City">
Persikos Sorong City

Persikos stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kota Sorong ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Sorong City"). Persikos Kota Sorong is an Indonesian football club based in Sorong, West Papua. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31053955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053955" title="Prison cemetery">
Prison cemetery

A prison cemetery is a cemetery reserved for prisoners. Generally, the remains of inmates who are not claimed by family or friends are interred in prison cemeteries and include convicts executed for capital crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="31053966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053966" title="Lamellodynerus">
Lamellodynerus

Lamellodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with a single species "Lamellodynerus nigrofulvus".

</doc>
<doc id="31053985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31053985" title="Micreumenes">
Micreumenes

Micreumenes is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with 30 described species.

</doc>
<doc id="31054002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054002" title="The Black Angel (novel)">
The Black Angel (novel)

Black Angel is a 1943 novel by Cornell Woolrich, which was based on two of his own short stories, "Murder in Wax" and "Face Work" (later reissued under the titled "Angel Face". Woolrich had reworked many of his short stories into full length novels, including "Black Angel". 
Murder In Wax.
“Murder In Wax” was first published in the pulp magazine Dime Detective in March 1935, a short story in which a man’s mistress is murdered, right before he is about to leave his wife for her. After he is arrested and sentenced to death, the story is narrated by the condemned man’s wife as she searches for the killer. The twist in this story is that after she seemingly cornered the murderer, she is revealed to be the killer.
Face Work/Angel Face.
Two years later, Woolrich reworked this story again in “Face Work,” published in Black Mask in October 1937, although the story was later reissued under the title “Angel Face.” The characters were changed from husband and wife to brother and sister. The sister, Jerry Wheeler, is a New York stripper who tries to save her younger brother from being executed after he is found guilty of killing singer Ruby Rose. The achieve this, Wheeler has to insinuate herself into the life and affections of a sadistic nightclub owner. 
Jerry Wheeler, 27, has been dancing in nightclubs to support herself and her brother ever since she was 16. Now, when she learns that Chick is ready to desert kindly Mary Allen and run off with a gold-digging floozy, her motherly instincts are aroused and she becomes aggressively protective. She visits Ruby Rose Reading, but can't convince her or Chick to sever the relationship. Later that night, Ruby is found dead and police arrest Chick as the primes suspect. At the trial, the testimonies form Ruby’s maid Mandy Leroy and the doorman Charlie Baker seal Chick’s conviction. The lawyer’s fees force Jerry to move to a cheaper apartment, a seedy dive she has rented under her old stage name, Honey Sebastian. Detective Nick Burns volunteers to help her find evidence that can reopen the trial and exonerate Chick. He calls her Angel Face, a term of endearment that indicates his romantic attraction to her. 
Jerry comes across Ruby’s jewelry case, and inside the box she discovers a secret compartment containing a letter written by notorious gangster Milton Militis in which he threatens Ruby for cheating on him. To wangle her way closer to Militis, Jerry auditions at one of his nightclubs, Hell’s Bells. After several weeks of working there, she lures Militis out of town with a bogus telegram, and breaks into his apartment to search for concrete evidence. Militis returns too soon, and thinks she has finally consented to being his girl, however one of his henchmen, Rocco, exposes Jerry’s identity.
Jerry is captured by Militis and taken to his own on Long Island. At his house, Militis performs his branding ritual on Jerry. He brags aloud about killing her the same way he killed Ruby. Suddenly, Nick bursts through the door with an army of police, and he shoots Militis. The police had trailed Militis to his Long Island home and raided it in time to hear his confession. Nick says that with this information and the brand on Jerry’s hip in the same place as it was on Ruby Rose, they can prove Chick’s innocence.
In 1937 Columbia purchased the rights to “Face Work” and released it as Convicted in 1938, a low-budget crime film, and the film starred Rita Hayworth and Charles Quigley. It was the first screen adaptation of Woolrich’s pulp/suspense stories. Twelve years later, it was aired as “Angel Face” on radio’s famous Suspense series (May 18, 1950) with Claire Trevor as the good-hearted stripper who tries to save her brother from being convicted of a murder.
The Dames.
In Laura Lippman’s introduction to “The Dames” in Otto Penzler’s The Black Lizard Big Book of Pulps, she writes that even though “the pulps of the early-twentieth century will never be mistaken for proto-feminist documents… there is just enough kink in these archetypes of girlfriend/hussy/sociopath to hint at broader possibilities for the female of the species.” Taking into account of a number of notable dames in pulps by Dashiell Hammett, Raymond Chandler, and Randolph Barr, Lippman argues “the most dynamic female in these stories is the avenging angel in Cornell Woolrich’s “Angel Face.” Although she requires a timely rescue in the end, her resourcefulness and bravery are beyond question. For the love of her brother, she withstands torture and risks death. But, as she tells us in the story’s first paragraph when she refers to her makeup as war pant, she’s being quite literal.” 
“I had on my best hat and warpaint when I dug into her bell. You’ve heard make-up called that a thousand times, but this is one time it rated it; it was just that – warpaint.” 
On the Classic Mystery and Detective homepage, designer and editor Michael E. Grost also points out Woolrich’s use of women heroines, especially in "Face Work.” Usually these women are in hard-boiled professions and they get into tough situations where they have to protect a naive younger brother or sister. These stories evoke the Depression and a very tough world. These heroines might be hard-boiled, but they are also immensely kind-hearted and resourceful.
"Black Angel" (the novel).
Woolrich extended the premise of “Face Work” and “Murder in Wax” in "The Black Angel" (1943). The novel follows the story of a woman's desperate attempt to prove her husband's innocence after he has been sentenced to death for the murder of his mistress. She tracks down four men in the victim's life, one of whom she suspects may be the real murderer, and systematically destroys them. In the end, her obsession becomes madness and she has ruined her own life along with her victims' lives to save her philandering husband. 
Twenty-two-year-old Alberta Murray first suspects her husband of infidelity when he stops calling her by her pet name “Angel Face.” After other evidence confirms her suspicions, she visits her rival, Mia Mercer, and finds her dead amid the material splendor of a luxury apartment. As the prime suspect, her husband is tried and convicted and sentenced to execution in three months.
Motivated by a blind devotion to her husband, Alberta follows up on a couple of clues. For one, she finds two monogrammed mathbooks in Mia’s apartment. The one with a double M would be Mia’s. The second, with a single M, she discovers lodged in the door seal and realizes that the murderer must have put it there to enable himself to sneak back into her apartment. She uses Mia’s telephone book to trace four people whose name starts with M. 
Alberta tracks down Marty Blair, Mia’s estranged husband, a skid row drunk, and Dr. Mordaunt, both of whom had alibis. She then meets Ladd Mason, who eventually falls in love with her. She suspects him of murdering Mia and sets up a recording console in her apartment, hoping to get his confession on tape. She manages to get his story but the not the one she expected. Mia was planning to blackmail Ladd and his sister Leila, and in anger, Ladd planned to kill Mia but when he arrived at the apartment she was already dead. The fourth name on the list is club owner Jerome J. McKee – he falls in love with her too, and she takes advantage of their intimacy to ransack his safe, hoping to find incriminating evidence for the murder of Mia Mercer. However, McKee’s henchman catches her. McKee locks her in her room and she overhears him ordering his men to take her out to Long Island and dispose of her. She has enough time to phone Ladd, who sets up an ambush and rescues her.
Alberta tells Ladd she is married and trying to save Kirk from execution. Ladd lapses into a seizure. He confesses he killed Mia because of her betrayal, and now, because she, too, has betrayed him, he attacks Alberta. They bump against the recording console (that Alberta had placed in the apartment to record Ladd’s confession) as he tries to strangle her. Suddenly, he stops. The next thing Alberta realizes is that Ladd is hanging to the window frame from outside the window. The police enter and he falls to his death. Fortunately the recording device was triggered and has recorded Ladd’s confession. Kirk is saved.
The story ends with Alberta sleeping with Kirk but dreaming of Ladd. She had found and lost a love greater than the one she has with her husband, a love which, coupled with her reckless ventures into dark, sordid worlds of vice and corruption, has forever tainted her attitude toward life and her feelings for Kirk.
Regarding the Black Angel heroine, Renzi argues that the self-sacrificing Alberta, out to save her wronged yet unfaithful husband, is a true angel. Yet under that pretense of that noble quest, she is, for the four other male suspects, a “black angel.” She ingratiates herself with them before she leads each to his fateful doom. When Alberta achieves her goal and says it was worth it, the consequences suggest otherwise. 
In the end, Alberta achieves her goal to free her husband, but it proves to be less than satisfying. Experience has taught her that there are other things more desirable than those few she knew in her previously secure, narrlowly enclosed existence. More than that, she has exposed herself to the filth, corruption, and evil layering the deep, dark recesses of the city. She comes to realize, “… there is such a thing as seeing too much. As seeing too much and too clearly.” The sacrifice turns out to be not the time and effort she expended to free her husband but the loss of her childlike innocence.
The film adaptation of "Black Angel".
The film adaptation of the novel "Black Angel" was directed by Roy William Neill in 1946 It is considered by many to be a film noir classic, one of the best of the genre The film attempts to remain true to the noir spirit of the book but changes a number of story points, drops a character, and combines two others. The film follows Cathy Bennett, whose husband is convicted of the murder of singer Mavis Marlowe (who was his mistress), and she sets out to find the real killer. Cathy is assisted by Marlow’s husband, Marty Blair, and a monogrammed matchbook that leads them to a nightclub owner Marko and a quest to find the killer. The killer turns out to be Marty Blair, although he only becomes aware of this fact late in the film as the murder was carried out during a drunken binge. This ending differed significantly from Woolrich’s short story Murder In Wax, in which the wife was the killer.
In "", Thomas Renzi asserts that while the film is closely linked to Woolrich’s stories (because the share the same central conflict), the screenwriter Roy Chanslor transformed most of Woolrich’s original material into a whole new narrative. Renzi points out a number of dissimilarities that significantly altered the original stories’ narratives. Duryea’s Marty Blair (in the film) is a composite of Woolrich’s Blair and Ladd Mason. Like Blair, Marty becomes a self-pitying skid row alcholohic as a result of his failed marriage and murderous act. This character’s demise vastly differs from Woolrich’s Ladd Mason who commits suicide. Furthermore, Marty Blair murders his wife (Mavis Marlowe) in an incoherent state of “alcoholic amnesia,” unlike Ladd who killed Mia Mercer deliberately while in full control of his faculties. In regards to their relationship with the Black Angel, both Ladd and Blair fall in love with her but are rejected. Ladd reacts by attacking Alberta Murray (the Black Angel in the novel) before committing suicide; Marty, less vengeful, forfeits his reclamation and reverts to his alcoholic benders. 
Regarding the Black Angel heroine, Renzi argues that the self-sacrificing Alberta, out to save her wronged yet unfaithful husband, is a true angel. Yet under that pretense of that noble quest, she is, for the four other male suspects, a “black angel.” She ingratiates herself with them before she leads each to his fateful doom. When Alberta achieves her goal and says it was worth it, the consequences suggest otherwise. All along, the Black Angel has had misgivings about the effect her experiences have had on her and her quarry.
Cornell Woolrich disliked the film version of his novel. Woolrich saw the film at the urging of Mark Van Doren, a Columbia University professor, and hated it. He wrote to Van Doren in 1947: 
"I was so ashamed when I came out of there ... it took me two or three days to get over it. All I could keep thinking of in the dark was: Is that what I wasted my whole life at?" 

</doc>
<doc id="31054003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054003" title="Nota bene (disambiguation)">
Nota bene (disambiguation)

Nota bene, Italian and Latin phrase meaning "note well". The word can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31054010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054010" title="Hellenic Railways Organisation rolling stock">
Hellenic Railways Organisation rolling stock

Hellenic Railways Organisation (OSE) owns and maintain an assortment of railway rolling stock. It includes all locomotives, multiple units and hauled stock running on OSE lines (most of it leased to TrainOSE, plus special engineering rail vehicles. 
Active rolling stock of OSE.
Diesel locomotives.
Note: Includes withdrawn types (QTY indicates the number of delivered units)

</doc>
<doc id="31054019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054019" title="Ovodynerus">
Ovodynerus

Ovodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with eleven species.
Potter wasps are solitary builders of 'flask-shaped' nests of mud, each containing an egg and larval food supply.

</doc>
<doc id="31054027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054027" title="James Mulligan (Australian footballer)">
James Mulligan (Australian footballer)

James Mulligan (born 14 June 1989) is a professional Australian rules football player who was listed for the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL) until his retirement at the end of the 2012 season. He was drafted to the Western Bulldogs as their first pick and 4th pick overall in the 2008 Rookie Draft. Despite not playing a game, Mulligan was elevated to the Bulldog's senior list with the 92nd selection in the 2009 AFL Draft . He formerly played for the AFL Queensland team the Southport Sharks.

</doc>
<doc id="31054042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054042" title="Paravespa">
Paravespa

Paravespa is an afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="31054059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054059" title="Pareumenes">
Pareumenes

Pareumenes is an afrotropical, palearctic and oriental genus of potter wasps.

</doc>
<doc id="31054060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054060" title="Pieter Jansz">
Pieter Jansz

Pieter Jansz 
(September 25, 1820 - June 6, 1904) was the first Dutch Mennonite missionary in Indonesia. He arrived in Central Java in 1851 and began his missionary work. He encountered constraining influences from Islam throughout the area, recognizing the lack of religious freedom to become a Christian. He felt compelled to search for new methods in order to evangelize; in which he developed a theory that Christians should be evangelized in colonies, as a solution. He was also known for his ability to translate the Bible into various languages which allowed the Javanese people to have access to the Bible.
Education.
Pieter Jansz was born in Amsterdam on September 25, 1820. His theology was Protestant orthodoxy with a bias toward Pietist expressions. Within a three-month period in 1848, he lost both his father and his newlywed wife, Johanna Elisabeth van Ijzendoorn, through death. These tragedies affected him deeply and caused him to contemplate his future. As a result, he applied as a missionary candidate to the Doopsgezinde Zendungs-Vereeniging or the Dutch Mennonite Missionary Society (DMMS). He later remarried Jacoba Wilhelmina Frederica Schmilau (1830–1909) and they had ten children, of whom their son Pieter A. Jansz was a successor of his father in the missions field. Jansz was an elementary school teacher in Delft. During his years of teaching he published textbooks and didactic stories for children. In preparation for his missionary assignment Jansz received private tutoring at the Royal Academy of Delft in order to become acquainted with the Javanese and Malayan languages, as well as with the geography and ethnology of the Dutch Indies. The last years of his life (1902–1904) he spent at Kaju-Apu, at the home of his son-in-law, missionary Johann Fast, where he died 6 June 1904.
Missionary Work.
August 1851 Pieter Jansz and his wife Jacoba Wilhelmina Frederica Schmilau sailed to Jakarta to begin their missionary work. On November 15 they arrived as the first Mennonite missionaries of the Enlightenment period. Upon their arrival Jansz primary focus was to find an opening for a teacher rather than a missionary. As a teacher he would not be limited by the regulations the Dutch Indies government imposed on missionaries, especially in Java. Also the DMMS was convinced that education was the best way to raise the cultural and moral level of the native population and to make them receptive to the gospel. He worked as a private tutor in the area of Jepara, for a rich sugar plantation owner known as Margar Soekiazian, who was a Christian patrician of Armenian background. Jansz and Soekiazan began to collide because of their different views on Christianity, and Jansz was forced to leave. Later on he opened a school for the Javanese children but had very little success in evangelizing because he had no help; this resulted in him leaving the school and becoming a full-time missionary.
On April 16, 1854 he had succeeded in baptizing five Javanese people which started the first congregation of the native population in the area of Jepara. They joined a European congregation that already existed in Jepara, to become the Javanese Mennonite Church, which then formed part of the Protestant church in the Dutch Indies. Jansz's congregation grew slowly for two specific reasons: he was a very strong believer of coming to faith before baptism, and he pushed believers to become baptized. The second reason for the slow growth is because the area in which Jansz was working had a strong Islamic influence which continues to this day. Because there was a slowness of growth within the church, he wanted to adopt new methods. In doing so he wrote a book called "Land Reclamation and Evangelism in Java" in which he emphasized Christian communities or colonies where converts could find support and protection. Jansz strongly believed that evangelism had to be performed by the Javanese Christians because he was a Westerner who simply cound not bridge the gap between himself and the villagers.
Colonial Government.
The colonial government allocated the Mount Muria area in the Northern part of Java, to the Mennonite missionary organization. Jansz refused to ask legal permission to work as a missionary because he wanted to obey a higher authority than the colonial government. Jansz unwillingly was a subject under the Article 123 of the government regulations to the Dutch Indies, which gave the authorities certain control over the missionaries. Jansz faced much turmoil over Article 123, and in 1860 the Governor General withdrew his admission as a missionary, permitting him to stay in the country only if he remained as a teacher. The DMMS made changes within their organization; and without formal discussion the Mennonite missionaries decided to follow the lead of other mission boards in making use of the financial and legal facilities offered by the colonial government to lease large parcels of land and to build and maintain schools and hospitals. Jansz did not agree with this change because he was a man who asserted himself with great authority; he did not kneel before Europeans like ordinary Javanese.
Bible Translation.
Jansz knew that in order to facilitate a church service and catechism, he needed to translate parts of the Bible into the Javanese language. More specifically he put the Psalms into verse using the Javanese tone scale "tembung". Jansz resigned from his work as a missionary due to poor health in 1881, at which time his son Pieter A. Jansz took over his father's work. Jansz began his work with the British and Foreign Bible Society; in 1888 he published the New Testament in Javanese, and in 1892 the Old Testament. In 1895 he published the second edition of the whole Bible, as well as a Javanese dictionary in two volumes, with the titles Practisch Nederlandsch-Javaansch Woordenboek and Practisch Javaansch - Nederlandsch Woordenboek, both published at The Hague. These literary efforts won him the distinction of a Knight of the Order of the Dutch Lion.

</doc>
<doc id="31054070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054070" title="Proepipona">
Proepipona

Proepipona is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with seven described species.

</doc>
<doc id="31054079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054079" title="3rd Alaska State Legislature">
3rd Alaska State Legislature

The Third Alaska State Legislature served from January 1963 to January 1965.
References.
General<br>
Specific and Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31054091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054091" title="David Fatialofa">
David Fatialofa

David Fatialofa is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally in England for Whitehaven.
Playing career.
Fatialofa was an Auckland Warriors junior and played in the 1995 Lion Red Cup final. He also represented the Junior Kiwis in 1992 and 1993 and played in France during the 1995/96 season.
He then moved to England, joining the Whitehaven under New Zealand coach Stan Martin. 
He was named in the 2000 World Cup train on squad for Samoa but did not make the final squad.
In 2005 Fatialofa won the club's Player of Year award.
He retired at the end of the 2008 season.
He returned in 2010 to play for Whitehaven in a testimonial match for Neil Frazer.

</doc>
<doc id="31054118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054118" title="Jason Tutt">
Jason Tutt

Jason Tutt (born 15 May 1991) is an Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League for the Western Bulldogs. He was the number 31 draft pick in the 2009 AFL Draft.
Tutt made his debut in round 22, 2011 against Port Adelaide Football Club and kicked three goals with his first three kicks. He finished with 26 disposals and four goals.

</doc>
<doc id="31054120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054120" title="Bason Botanic Gardens">
Bason Botanic Gardens

Bason Botanic Gardens are located in Whanganui in the Manawatu District of New Zealand. They have been rated as a Garden of Significance by the New Zealand Gardens Trust and offer six themed areas, including one of the most extensive public-garden orchid collections in the country, and the conservatory architecture is considered unique. Much of the development work is conducted by the Bason Botanic Gardens Trust, which collaborates with the City Council.
Geography.
Bason Botanic Gardens are located on the Central West coast of New Zealand's North Island, northwest from Whanganui. They are set on in a relatively frost-free environment. Bushy Park Forest Reserve is nearby.
History.
Founded in 1966, Stanley and Blanche Bason gave their farm to the city council for the purpose of creating a botanical reserve, and road work and the damming of Mowhanau stream took place in 1971. The garden was developed between 1980 and 2000. 
The Bason Botanic Gardens Trust was formed in 1982 and consists of the Board as well as members of Friends of the Bason. The gardens were given to the residents of Wanganui by Stanley and Blanche Bason in 1996. The New Zealand Gardens Trust honoured Bason Botanic with the distinction of being a "Garden of Regional Significance" in 2004, and with being a "Garden of Significance" in 2008.
Architecture.
The conservatories were constructed from the recycled bricks from two demolished Wanganui picture theatres. Landscape architect Tony Jackman, the first President of the New Zealand Institute of Landscape Architects, designed most of the buildings.
Flora.
The gardens are divided into several areas: the Conifer Arboretum, Dress Circle, Millennium Hill, Native Bush and Wetlands, Lakeside Flats and the Woodlands area. Flora includes camellias, daffodils, magnolias, Norfolk Island Pine, and roses. A Mediterranean garden includes "Aeonium", "Aloe", Agave, "Euphorbia" and "Echium". The subtropical section of the garden includes the aloes and phoenix palms. The conservatories contains tropical plants, begonias and orchids of national importance. A section of the gardens includes maturing revegetation while a bank contains native "Hebes".

</doc>
<doc id="31054130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054130" title="Yahukimo FC">
Yahukimo FC

Yahukimo FC ("Yahukimo Football Club") is an Indonesian football club based in Yahukimo Regency, Papua. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.
History.
The club was previously named Persekaba Badung (Persekaba stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Kabupaten Badung ("en: Football Association of Badung Regency")) based on Samudra Stadium, Badung, Bali. In 2007 Liga Indonesia First Division, Persekaba moved its headquarter to Yahukimo Regency. However, they used the Pendidikan Stadium, Wamena, Jayawijaya Regency to play their home game. Due to this reason, the club changed its name to Persekaba Yahukimo FC. Since the start of the 2010-11 season, the team used the name Yahukimo FC.
Supporter.
Yahukimonia is fans of Yahukimo FC.

</doc>
<doc id="31054131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054131" title="Demon (poem)">
Demon (poem)

Demon () is a poem by Mikhail Lermontov, written in several versions in the years 1829 to 1839. It is considered a masterpiece of European Romantic poetry.
Lermontov began work on the poem when he was just 14 or 15, but completed it only during his Caucasus exile. Lermontov wrote six major variations of the poem, and the final version was not published until 1842, after his death.
The poem is set in Lermontov's beloved Caucasus Mountains. It opens with the eponymous protagonist wandering the earth, hopeless and troubled. He dwells in infinite isolation, his immortality and unlimited power a worthless burden. Then he espies the beautiful Circassian Princess Tamara, dancing for her wedding, and in the desert of his soul wells an indescribable emotion.
The Demon, acting as a brutal and powerful tyrant, destroys his rival: at his instigation, robbers come to despoil the wedding and kill Tamara's betrothed. The Demon courts Tamara, and Tamara knows fear, yet in him she sees not a demon nor an angel but a tortured soul. Eventually she yields to his embrace, but his kiss is fatal. And though she is taken to Heaven, the Demon is left again "Alone in all the universe, Abandoned, without love or hope!...".

</doc>
<doc id="31054136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054136" title="4th Alaska State Legislature">
4th Alaska State Legislature

The Fourth Alaska State Legislature served from January 25, 1965 to January 22, 1967.
References.
General
Specific and Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31054138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054138" title="Charls Walker">
Charls Walker

Charls Edward Walker (born December 24, 1923 Graham, Texas) was Under Secretary of the United States Department of the Treasury from 1969 to 1972, and Deputy Secretary of the Treasury in 1973 under John Connally.
Walker received his bachelors and MBA degrees from the University of Texas at Austin. He received a Ph.D. in economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1955. He then was a professor for a time at the University of Texas at Austin. He then worked as an economist with the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia and as an executive with Republic National Bank of Dallas. In 1961 he became Executive Vice President of the American Bankers Association, a position he retained until 1969.
After leaving the Nixon administration Walker established a consulting firm. He has also taught at the Wharton School, Georgetown University, Texas A&M University and Emory University. He later served as senior advisor to the Center for Deliberate Polling which has dual connections to the University of Texas and Stanford University.
Walker married Harmolyn Hart in 1949 and lived a very peaceful life.

</doc>
<doc id="31054170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054170" title="Soul Divas Tour">
Soul Divas Tour

The Soul Divas Tour is a co-headlining concert tour by American recording artists Dionne Warwick, Natalie Cole and Whitney Houston. The tour was a one-month trek that started on July 7, in Hamburg, Germany. The tour was created and initiated by Felix Scheuerpflug and the team of the Welldone Agency. The exclusive promoter was Tchibo. Tickets were available on Tchibo.de only. Houston who was featured as the main headliner, toured Thailand and China without Cole and Warwick, adding a few more dates throughout July. This marked the first time the three singers embarked on a tour together. Highlights of the tour, included duets with Warwick and Houston, also Cole and Houston duet on Cole's number-one R&B hit "This Will Be".
After Whitney's set, all three ladies would appear together to sing Warwick's worldwide hit, "That's What Friends Are For". At the time of the tour, entertainment media mentioned that the tour would arrive in North America, but was soon postponed until further notice.
Prior to the "Soul Divas Tour", Houston toured Russia and Dubai, UAE in February performing four sold-out shows.
Set list: Russia/Dubai
Tour dates: Russia/Dubai

</doc>
<doc id="31054183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054183" title="2011 Icelandic Cup">
2011 Icelandic Cup

The 2011 Visa-Bikar was the 52nd season of the Icelandic national football cup. It began on 30 April 2011 and ended with the final in August 2011 at Laugardalsvöllur. FH were the reigning champions, having won their second Icelandic cup last year.
KR won the cup after beating Þór 2-0 in the final. As KR also won the league, they qualified for the 2012–13 UEFA Champions League and Þór will enter the first qualifying round of UEFA Europa League as losing cup finalists. 
First round.
The First Round consisted of 33 teams from the lower Icelandic levels and five clubs from the 2. deild karla. The matches were played between 30 April and 4 May 2011.
Second round.
The Second Round included the 19 winners from the previous round as well as 2 clubs from the lower Icelandic levels, 7 clubs from the 2. deild karla and all 12 clubs from the 1. deild karla. The matches were played on 8, 9 and 18 May 2011.
Third round.
The Third round included the 20 winners from the previous round and the 12 clubs from the Úrvalsdeild. These matches were played between 24 and 26 May 2011.
Fourth round.
This round consisted of the 16 winners of the previous round. These matches were played on 20, 21 and 23 June 2011.
Quarter-finals.
This round consisted of the 8 winners of the previous round. These matches were played on 2 and 3 July 2011.
Semi-finals.
The semi-final matches involve the four winners from the previous quarter-final round on 28 July 2011.
Final.
The final took place at Laugardalsvöllur on 13 August 2011 and was contested between the winners of the previous semi-final matches.

</doc>
<doc id="31054190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054190" title="5th Alaska State Legislature">
5th Alaska State Legislature

The Fifth Alaska State Legislature served from January 23, 1967 to January 26, 1969.
The Alaska Legislature had largely been controlled by the Democratic Party since statehood took effect in 1959, as was the case with most territorial legislatures stretching as far back as the early 1930s. In the 1966 elections, Alaska followed the rest of the nation and voted Republican: incumbent governor William A. Egan and incumbent U.S. Representative Ralph J. Rivers both lost reelection to Republican challengers (Walter J. Hickel and Howard W. Pollock, respectively). Republicans also wound up with control of both houses of the legislature, though many of the Republicans newly elected in 1966 only served in this legislature.
This Senate saw major changes in its composition. In response to the "one man, one vote" decision of the United States Supreme Court in "Reynolds v. Sims", the area-based apportionment scheme established for the Senate in the state constitution was abandoned, and the Senate was apportioned strictly on a population basis like the House. Jay Hammond, who served in the House in the first three legislatures before returning home to Naknek to serve as manager of the Bristol Bay Borough, was newly elected as a senator from a district which stretched as far north as Bettles and as far south as the Alaska Peninsula. In the 1966 election, Hammond defeated Democratic incumbent Grant Pearson, who lived in Nenana, from Naknek. Under population-based apportionment, many future legislative districts in rural Alaska would also cover vast amounts of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="31054193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054193" title="Irina Solovyova">
Irina Solovyova

Irina Bayanovna Solovyova () (born September 6, 1937) was one of the five women chosen in the female group, now a retired Soviet cosmonaut. She never flew into space, but was chosen as the backup to Valentina Tereshkova, the first woman in space via Vostok 6 in June, 1963. Solovyova was also chosen to fly on Voskhod 5, in which she would have become the first woman to walk in space (that honor went to Svetlana Savitskaya in 1984), but the Voskhod program was canceled after Voskhod 2 in favor of the Soyuz program.
Before being recruited as a cosmonaut, Solovyova was a world champion member of the Soviet national parachutists.
She was awarded the Belarussian Order For Service to the Motherland in the Armed Forces, 3rd class.

</doc>
<doc id="31054196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054196" title="Persikota Tikep">
Persikota Tikep

Persikota stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kota Tikep ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Tikep City"). Persikota Tikep is an Indonesian football club based in Tikep, Muna Regency, Muna Island, Southeast Sulawesi. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31054198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054198" title="Craig W. Duehring">
Craig W. Duehring

Craig W. Duehring was United States Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) from 2007 to 2009.
Biography.
Craig W. Duehring was educated at Minnesota State University, Mankato, receiving a B.A. in history and sociology in 1967.
After college, Duehring joined the United States Air Force. He spent 1968-69 completing undergraduate pilot training at Craig Air Force Base. He saw service during the Vietnam War in 1969-70, as a forward air controller with the 22nd Tactical Air Support Squadron. In 1970-71, he was a Raven Forward Air Controller based at Udorn Royal Thai Air Force Base. He then returned to Craig Air Force Base 1971-75, as a Cessna T-37 Tweet instructor pilot with the 43d Flying Training Squadron. He also earned a master's degree in counseling and guidance from Troy University in 1975. From 1975 to 1978, he was base fuels management officer with the 1st Fighter Wing at Langley Air Force Base. He was posted at RAF Bentwaters from 1978 to 1981, serving as Chief of Training of the 81st Training Wing. From 1981 to 1984, he was action officer of the Tactical Fighter Operations Division at the Headquarters of the United States Air Forces in Europe at Ramstein Air Base in West Germany. He returned to RAF Bentwaters in 1984, first as assistant operations officer of the 510th Fighter Squadron, then as Director of Operations Training for the 81st Training Wing. He returned to West Germany in 1986, and was stationed at Nörvenich Air Base as American Community Commander and Commander of the 7502nd Munitions Support Squadron. He was then Assistant Deputy Commander of Operations of the 406th Tactical Fighter Training Wing at Zaragoza Air Base 1989-90, and then Deputy Commander of Operations 1990-91. He then spent 1992-93 studying at the Foreign Service Institute in Washington, D.C. From 1993 to 1995, he was United States Air Attaché to Indonesia. Duehring retired from the Air Force in 1996, having attained the rank of colonel.
In 1998, he was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States House of Representatives on the Republican ticket for Minnesota's 2nd congressional district. In 1999, Duehring served as Executive Director of the Patrick Henry Center for Individual Liberty (founded by Gary Aldrich). During the 2000 U.S. presidential election campaign, he campaigned on behalf of George W. Bush, and was later a part of Bush's presidential transition team.
Duehring joined the United States Department of Defense, becoming Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs. As there was no Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs from May 31, 2001 to October 9, 2002, Duehring was performing the duties of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs in the period immediately following the September 11 attacks. Following the resignation of Michael L. Dominguez as Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) in July 2006, Duehring became Acting Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs) at that time. In November 2007, President of the United States George W. Bush nominated Duehring to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower & Reserve Affairs), and Duehring subsequently held this office until retiring from public service on April 30, 2009.
In September, 2009, His Holiness, Pope Benedict XVI conferred a Papal Knighthood on Duehring in the Order of Saint Gregory the Great at the level of Knight Commander with Star.
On September 1, 2010, Duehring was appointed by Governor Bob McDonnell as a member of the Board of Directors for the Virginia National Defense Industrial Authority.
On April 12, 2014, he was inducted into the Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame for 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31054200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054200" title="Augustaburiania">
Augustaburiania

Augustaburiania is an extinct genus of tanystropheid protorosaur from the latest Early Triassic (late Olenekian stage) of Volgograd Region, western Russia. All specimens were recovered in the right slope of the Don River valley from the Lipovskaya Formation. It was named by Sennikov in 2011 and the type species is "Augustaburiania vatagini". "Augustaburiania" is the oldest known tanystropheid.

</doc>
<doc id="31054201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054201" title="Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri Law College">
Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri Law College

The Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri Law College abbreviated to JCCLC is a Government Sponsored Law College in south Kolkata offering degree courses in law. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
Foundation.
It was founded on 25 January 1970, when the first batch of would-be Jccian law graduates entered its campus. At the instance, initiative and financial contributions of Sri Ranadeb Chaudhuri and his family members and with active co-operation of other eminent legal personalities, who formed the First Governing Body of the College was set up by the Chaudhuri Foundation Trust. The Law College was named after Shri Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri who has a golden place in India’s independence movement.
The patron.
Early in life Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri came in close touch with the great Surendranath Banerjee, ever to be remembered as the ‘Father of Indian Nationalism’. He chose for his life–mate, Sarasibala, daughter of Surendranath, and dedicated himself to work for the country under his inspiring leadership. There was not a session of the Indian National Congress in those days where he was not an active participant; on many occasions he acted in such responsible positions as Secretary of the Indian National Congress. 
Jogesh Chandra, who was educated at the University of Calcutta and at the University of Oxford, was called to the Bar in England. On returning home he joined the Calcutta High Court. His legal acumen and interest in law found expression in the famous Legal Journal “Calcutta Weekly Notes”, of which he was the Founder – Editor.
The College bears his name and we hopes that we will live up to the lofty ideals of the public-spirited man, Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri. The College has completed its Silver Jubilee and we look forward to the Golden Jubilee with a sense of accomplishment.
Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri died on 10 February 1951.
The founder.
Ranadeb Chaudhuri was born on 19 January 1907 . By profession he was a Barrister specialising in Companies Laws and Mining matters with an extensive practice in India. He was called to the Bar from Gray's Inn, London.
Ranadeb Chaudhuri hailed from Haripur, Chatmohar Upazila of Pabna District in Bangladesh. He was a grandson of "Rashtraguru" Surendranath Banerjee.
He was Chairman of the Bar Council of West Bengal, President of the East Bengal Club for ten consecutive years, Vice-President of the Indian Lawn Tennis Association. Ranadeb Chaudhuri had also played cricket for Surrey during his student days in England.
He was the founder of the Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri College and Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri Law College, both named after his father and of the Surendranath Centenary School, Ranchi named after his grandfather.
He died on 21 September 2002.
Aims and objects.
The aims and objectives of the institution are not only to promote education by encouraging academic excellence, but also to provide ample opportunities to nurture all round development of pupils and to stimulate and develop creative thoughts in them so that their personalities develop and ultimately they become worthy citizens caring for others, ensuring justice to the tortured and having a sense of duty and responsibility to the society.
It introduces students to a wider world of experience and a larger sphere of activities teaching them to co-operate with their fellowmen and form habits of order and accuracy.
Affiliation and registrations.
Affiliation.
The affiliation of the college has been renewed from time to time on a continued basis. The college has been permanently affiliated with the University of Calcutta for having attained the prescribed academic and administrative standards.
The college has also been granted affiliation for introducing 5 year B.A, LL.B.(Honours) Course from the session 2008-2009 onwards, after having attained the required standards set by the Bar Council of India, the University Grants Commission (India) and the University of Calcutta.
Registration.
The college is independently registered with the Bar Council of India and is eligible to admit students for imparting 5 year B.A.LL.B. Course, the Registration No. being BCI/LE/JCCLC/KLKTA/CU/01/02. 
The college authorities received recognition from the University Grants Commission, and was included the list of colleges prepared under Sec.2 (f) and 12(B) of the U.G.C. Act of 1956, vide letter No.F8-23/97(CPP-I) dated December, 2000, issued by the U.G.C. Authorities. As a result the college is eligible to receive central assistance in terms of Section 12(B) of the U.G.C Act 1956 from 10th Five Year Plan and onwards.
Governing body and administration.
The College has a very able 15 member Governing Body. It consists of the President, Secretary and 13 other members at large. The members of the JCCLC Governing Body are; the Principal of the College who is also the Secretary of the GB, 2 Government Nominee, 2 Calcutta University Nominee, 1 Donor Nominee (from the family of Ranadeb Chaudhuri ), the Local Municipal Councillor, 4 Teacher Representatives, 2 Non-Teaching Representatives and the General Secretary of the Students’ Union. 
All these 14 members elect a reputed Indian Citizen to be the President of the Governing Body for a particular prescribed term.
The administration of the College lies on the shoulders of the Principal, Teacher-in-Charge of Students’ Union and other teaching and non-teaching staffs at large. In the absence of the Principal a Teacher-in-Charge in appointed to run the college smoothly.
Faculty.
One-to-one classes.
The College is blessed with a good number of teachers. They take special care to students at various points of their college life. "One-to-One Classes" are also organized in order to ensure all round care.
Special guest lecturers.
"Special Guest Lecturers" like Judges and lawyers also visits occasionally to take special classes as well. Various seminars are organized in order to give the students the first hand taste of global education at large.
Students' Union.
Two years after the college was established the authorities felt the necessity of having a constitutional Students Union and hence on January 1972 the college got JCCLC Students' Union with Susanta Bose as its first General Secretary (G.Sec). 
Along with the legal luminaries involved with the college, the Students' Union played a very important role in achieving the aims and objectives of the college, which are, the promotion of education through academic excellence, ensuring all round development of a student’s personality and inculcating in them, a sense of duty and responsibility to bring justice to those who have suffered in-justice. In its endeavor to achieve all round development of the college, lies the reason why Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri Law College is the most renowned law college under University of Calcutta.
The Students' Union is administered by the elected Class Representatives of all the Classes. There are 10 General classes from 1st to 5th Year and 2 Honours Class from 3rd to 5th Year. 
In month of December the Executive Council of 36 members is elected.
From among them President, General Secretary, Vice-President, Assistant General Secretary, Cultural Secretary, Office Secretary, Library Secretary, Magazine Secretary, Games Secretary, Debate Secretary, Excursion Secretary, Canteen Secretary, Student' Welfare Secretary, Student' Relation Secretary, Common- Room Secretary and Aid- Fund Secretary are elected.
Even more five Sub-Committee's such as Cultural Sub-Committee, Magazine Sub-Committee, Finance Sub-Committee, Games Sub-Committee and Students’ Welfare Sub-Committee are also constituted.
Festivals and extracurricular activities.
The Students’ Union perfectly recognizes that fact that there is a need to give an outlet to the sporting and creative talents that are latent within the students. In pursuance of such a policy, the Students Union organizes various co-curricular activities for the Jccians like Annual Sports, which gives the students, an opportunity to showcase their sporting talent. An annual Cricket Tournament, by the name Jogesh Premier League and an annual Football Tournament, by the name Jogesh Football League, are held, which are religiously followed by and enthusiastically participated in, by the students of the college.
The Students’ Union also holds Art Mela, which provides an opportunity for the students to showcase their talent in arts and crafts before eminent guests, annually. A photography competition is also held by the Union which is propagated in an exhibition the day of Saraswati Puja.
The Students Union also lays stress on the organization of cultural programmes such as the Saraswati Puja. It also celebrates Independence Day, Republic Day and Netaji’s Birthday, to resuscitate the ‘patriotic fervor’ in each and everyone associated with the college.
Giving credence to the need of the students for entertainment, the Students’ Union organizes Blitz Bacheloreas (College Socials), to give the students, time to relax, while soaking in the vibes created by the electrifying performances put up by some of their college-mates and the guest performers. It gives the performers, a chance to enthrall the audience with their dancing, singing, music and acting talents. The Students' Union even organizes a warm welcome for the new First Years as Freshers.
The Students’ Union organizes an annual excursion, in which the college students get to visit the different High Courts in the country and indeed, the Supreme Court, whichever court the Union decides to visit in that particular excursion.
Special programs.
This being a law college, the Students’ Union is committed towards the cultivation of legal knowledge among the students. It helps the authorities in organizing Legal Aid Programmes, seminars and debates on matters of the law.
Magazine and publication.
Law journal.
In furtherance of the recommendations of the Bar Council of India, the Students’ Union with the help and guidance of the Professors brought out a Law Journal, which includes write-ups from legal luminaries all over India, along with those of the college students. Since 2010 the Law Journal is being tried to made as an annual affair. It has also been sent up to get the International Standard Serial Number for getting it recognised and registered internationally.
E-magazine.
Moreover the college has a general magazine where students can express their free creative view. Even more an E-Magazine has also been put up in order to make it internationally available for the greater Jccian family at large.
The E-Magazine got its place in the JCCLC Students' Union Blog called The Jccians
Infrastructure and facilities.
College library.
The College is equipped with an illustrious library which provides all the students with all latest books papers and material needed for the Curriculum their prescribed course. For better management different years have been allotted with different days in course to complete library activities such as issue, renewal or return of books. Moreover the college feels that law students should be dedicated towards the reference or research kind of study so every year is also scheduled to have at least two or more library periods.
Ranadeb Chaudhuri Centenary Building.
This building was inaugurated in January 2008. It holds a Legal Reference Library consisting of various law journals, papers, AIR’s, Supreme Court Decision copies etc. Students, at the instruction of the Professors or at their free time or for any project consults this library at a regular effect. On its first floor there is a huge digital library with 70 computers with internet connection. It is to give the students a wide access to the world.
Auditorium.
The College is equipped with a well structured auditorium which can accommodate more than 750 students at once. The college auditorium is generally used for various programs but even special lectures are occasionally held here also.
Common room.
The College offers a spacious common room to students with the facility of table tennis and carom. Even girls have a separate common room for them. Every year Annual Common Room Games are organized by the Common Room Secretary of the Students’ Union.
Book bank.
Since 2005 the college has started granting books for allotted academic period in order to reduce the financial burden from the students and also to enhance all possible ways to have a better academic out come at large. With the introduction of the Semester System the Book Bank has proved to be very effective.
Subsidized canteen.
The College provides the students with a healthy canteen at a very subsidized rate.
Concession program.
Every institution has to deal with two kinds of students one who are capable enough and the other who are needy; we don’t discriminate but with the suggestion of Article-14 of our constitution make them equals. We boast of a concession program, for the regular and good students of our college, those who have a tough time to make their two ends meet.

</doc>
<doc id="31054231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054231" title="Meineke Car Care Bowl">
Meineke Car Care Bowl

The Meineke Car Care Bowl may refer to two different bowl games:

</doc>
<doc id="31054233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054233" title="6th Alaska State Legislature">
6th Alaska State Legislature

The Sixth Alaska State Legislature served from January 1969 to January 1971.
References.
General<br>
Specific and Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31054239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054239" title="Persigubin Gunung Bintang">
Persigubin Gunung Bintang

Persigubin stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Gunung Bintang ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Gunung Bintang"). Persigubin Gunung Bintang is an Indonesian football club based in Bintang Mountain Regency, Papua. Club is currently playing in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31054243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054243" title="Russell Stewart (rugby league)">
Russell Stewart (rugby league)

Russell Stewart is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally for Bradford Northern in England.
Playing career.
Stewart is from the Ngongotaha Chiefs club and represented the Bay of Plenty.
He spent three seasons in England playing for Bradford Northern between 1987 and 1990.
He became the player-coach of the Ngongotaha Chiefs in 1992 and in 1993 he was the player-coach of Bay of Plenty in the National Provincial competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31054246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054246" title="Shamar Bailey">
Shamar Bailey

Shamar Bailey is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division. A professional MMA competitor since 2006, Bailey has made a name for himself fighting in the Midwest, and his 1-1 stint with Strikeforce. He was a competitor on .
Early life.
The son of a pastor father, Shamar Bailey was raised in a very strict Christian household which moved him across state lines six times before his 20th birthday. Bailey was homeschooled until his senior year of high school when he elected to attend the local Greenwood, Indiana, public school. During his senior season at Center Grove High School, Bailey excelled on the varsity wrestling team, going undefeated over the course of the year.
After high school, Bailey attended college and majored in church-ministry.
Mixed Martial Arts Career.
Early career.
Building on his impressive senior year at Center Grove, Bailey entered Division III Maranatha Baptist Bible College in Wisconsin where he continued to thrive on the mats, earning All-Conference three times and being named NCAA National Qualifier. The Church Ministries major returned to Indianapolis after graduation and began to train with Jake O'Brien and Chris Lytle to stay active as he mulled over an offer to move to Colorado Springs to train at the Olympic Training Center with the World Team training camp. Bailey began to feel more comfortable in the sport and decided to decline the invitation in order to pursue mixed martial arts and soon after, in 2006, Bailey had his first pro fight, a first round TKO victory over Jason Cook.
For the past four years, Bailey has trained with Integrated Fighting Academy while also working part-time for the Indianapolis Fire Department with Chris Lytle. During this time, he has earned notable victories over John Kolosci and Waachiim Spiritwolf.
Strikeforce.
Bailey made his Strikeforce on November 7, 2009, when he faced John Kolosci at . He won his debut via unanimous decision. Bailey then replaced an injured Bryan Travers, as he fought Justin Wilcox at Strikeforce Challengers 7 on March 26, 2010. He lost via unanimous decision and was subsequently released shortly after.
The Ultimate Fighter.
In 2011, it was announced that Bailey had signed with the UFC to compete in .
Bailey was picked first on Team dos Santos and second overall. In the first preliminary bout of the season, Bailey was selected to fight Nordin Asrih. Bailey used his wrestling to control Asrih on the ground and win a clear-cut decision.
In the quarter-finals, he fought Chris Cope but lost via unanimous decision after two rounds. After the fight Shamar was visibly upset with the decision, saying numerous times, "he fought well, but not that good".
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Even though he lost in the quarterfinals, Bailey remained signed after the show. He made his official UFC debut June 4, 2011 on The Ultimate Fighter 13 Finale card, fighting against fellow quarter finalist and teammate, Ryan McGillivray. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Bailey dropped to lightweight in order to face Evan Dunham at UFC Fight Night 25. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Bailey faced Danny Castillo on November 19, 2011 at UFC 139. During the official weigh ins, Bailey failed to make the weight limit for the lightweight division. Bailey came in 3 pounds over, which resulted being fined 20 percent of his earnings, and the bout took place at a catchweight of 158 lb. He lost the fight via TKO in the first round. After the loss to Castillo, Bailey was released from the promotion.
Post UFC.
Bailey was scheduled to face UFC veteran Karo Parisyan at ShoFight 20 on June 16, 2012 for the vacant welterweight title. However, due to a medical suspension, Bailey was pulled from the fight and will be replaced by John Gunderson
Xtreme Fighting Championships.
Bailey faced Bellator vet Luis Santos at XFC 23 on April 19, 2013. He lost the fight via TKO at just over a minute into the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="31054261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054261" title="Persias Asmat">
Persias Asmat

Persias stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Asmat ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Asmat"). Persias Asmat is an Indonesian football club based in Asmat Regency, Papua. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31054263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054263" title="Raymond F. Chandler">
Raymond F. Chandler

Raymond F. Chandler III (born August 25, 1962) is the current Sergeant Major of the Army in the United States. He was sworn in as the 14th Sergeant Major of the Army on March 1, 2011. Chandler has served in all tank crewman positions and has had multiple tours as a troop, squadron and regimental master gunner. He has served in the 1st Infantry Division (FWD), 2nd Infantry Division, 4th Infantry Division, 1st Cavalry Division, 3rd Armored Division, 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment, United States Army Armor School, and the United States Army Sergeants Major Academy. He also served as First Sergeant in four different detachments, troops and companies. As a Sergeant Major, he served as Operations SGM in 1/2 ACR and as CSM in 1/7 Cavalry, 1st Cavalry Division, United States Army Garrison Fort Leavenworth, Kansas and the United States Army Armor School CSM. Chandler was assigned as the United States Army Sergeants Major Academy CSM in December 2007. In June 2009, Chandler became the 19th Commandant of USASMA and the first enlisted commandant in USASMA history.
Early life.
Chandler is a native of Whittier, California, and entered the Army in Brockton, Massachusetts in September 1981. He attended both Basic Training and Armor Advanced Individual Training at Fort Knox, Kentucky.
Military career.
As Sergeant Major of the Army, Chandler serves as the Chief of Staff of the United States Army's personal adviser on all enlisted-related matters, particularly in areas affecting soldier training and quality of life, including the adoption of the new Army Service Uniform, which phases out the Green Service Uniform in 2014. The Sergeant Major of the Army is routinely invited to testify before U.S. Congress.
Throughout his 30-year career, he has served in every enlisted leadership position from all tank crewman positions to his position as Sergeant Major of the Army. Other assignments he held as a sergeant major were Operations SGM in 1/2 ACR and as CSM in 1/7 Cavalry, 1st Cavalry Division; United States Army Garrison Fort Leavenworth, KS; and the United States Army Armor School CSM. Chandler was assigned as the United States Army Sergeants Major Academy CSM in December 2007. He had only deployed once, that being with 1st Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division to Iraq in 2004-2005 albeit never saw actual combat first hand.
His most recent assignment was as the commandant for the United States Army Sergeant Major Academy in Fort Bliss, Texas.
Chandler now serves as the 14th Sergeant Major of the Army which started on March 1, 2011.
Education.
Chandler's military education includes Noncommissioned Officer Education System, M60A3 and M1/M1A1 Tank Master Gunner Course, Battle Staff NCO Course, First Sergeant Course, Basic Instructor Training, Total Army Instructor Trainer Course, Small Group Instructor Trainer Course, Video Tele-Training Instructor Trainer Course, Army Management Staff Course, Garrison Command Sergeant Major Course and various other professional development courses. His civilian education includes a Bachelor of Science degree in public administration from Upper Iowa University.

</doc>
<doc id="31054268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054268" title="Lukas Markovic">
Lukas Markovic

Lukas Markovic (born 5 January 1987) is an Australian rules footballer who currently plays for the Footscray Bulldogs of the VFL.
Originally selected pick 19 in the 2006 Rookie Draft by Hawthorn, Markovic spent 2 years on the clubs list, his 2007 season was curtailed by a broken ankle, before being delisted at the end of 2008 without playing any games. 
Markovic was co-captain of Hawthorn's VFL affiliate, The Box Hill Hawks in 2009.
He was then drafted in the 2009 Draft at pick 63 to the Bulldogs, where he was on the senior list until being delisted this year.
On 7 February 2014, Markovic and Nick Lower were named the inaugural captains of the newly established VFL club, the Footscray Bulldogs.

</doc>
<doc id="31054272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054272" title="Military administration (disambiguation)">
Military administration (disambiguation)

Military administration refers to the internal government of armed forces. The term may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31054274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054274" title="True Justice">
True Justice

True Justice is a television series about undercover police officers starring Steven Seagal. Seagal stars as Elijah Kane, and heads a special task force in Seattle, Washington. On April 26, 2012, US broadcaster ReelzChannel renewed the series for a second season of 13 episodes to air in 2012.
The series first aired on Nitro, a TV station in Spain, starting on May 12, 2011. It also aired in the UK on 5USA, with the first episode broadcast on 20 July 2011. 5USA also broadcast the 2nd season, starting on 4 July 2012, with the episode "Vengeance is Mine". The second season is sub-titled "The Ghost", the name of the villain that the main characters are pursuing.
Some episodes were made available in Poland on Cyfrowy Polsat VOD, between 30 September and 31 October 2011. The series started airing on Reelz Channel in the United States on March 30, 2012. The series is gradually being released on DVD and Blu-ray, two episodes at a time, edited into single "movies" (see below). A box set of the first season was released in Australia by Paramount Home Entertainment on December 8, 2011.
A 3rd season is rumored
Series Continuity and Setting.
Though set in Seattle and the greater Puget Sound area, numerous differences exist between portrayal in the series and the region in actuality:
The series pilot establishes the focal Sherriff's department as being that of Everett county, with its headquarters located in downtown Seattle. In fact, no 'Everett County' exists in Washington state. The city of Seattle resides in King county. The city of Everett, 30 miles north of Seattle, resides in Snohomish county. Additionally, the second episode of Season One conflates the cities of Seattle and nearby Bellevue. The episode portrays a Seattle city councilman as representing the 'Bellevue District'. In fact, no such district exists within the representative city government of Seattle.
The majority of Season One and Two episodes feature plots involving an economically depressed near-to-Seattle waterfront community known as Camp Harmony, a historic World War Two internment site located in what is now Puyallup, Washington. The community is portrayed as an eclectic mix of Native Americans, immigrants from east Asia, impoverished trailer-residing Caucasians, ex-convicts, and refugees from the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. In reality, no community named 'Camp Harmony' exists in Washington state and the former internment site is currently home to the Puyallup Fairgrounds. Modern Puyallup is an economically vibrant small town and suburb of the city of Tacoma. As an inland community, and contrary to its portrayal in the series, Puyallup is not proximate to the waterfront of the Puget Sound. The plot of Season One features Harmony's refugee Louisiana fishermen as integral to drug smuggling in supposedly difficult to navigate and labyrinthine waterways of the Puget Sound. In reality, the waterways of the region are broad and well-documented main channels and inlets, under frequent use by commercial, industrial and recreational boat traffic.
Though the series is nominally based in Seattle, Washington, principal production and photography occurred in Vancouver, British Columbia. Second unit shots and stock footage from Seattle are used to provide localized context between scenes. In the fourth episode of Season One, however, clearly visible street signs and cross-streets display names unique to Vancouver, and can not be found in Seattle. Other Vancouver-specific signage appears throughout the series, in particular those related to Vancouver's public transit system. In the sixth episode of Season One, an ambulance in the foreground of an establishing shot is clearly labeled 'San Mateo County Paramedics' and includes a prominent emblem of the state of California, despite the hospital in the background being labeled 'SeaTac General Hospital' (a facility which in reality does not exist).
UK DVDs.
"True Justice" is gradually being released as a series of DVD (and some Blu-ray) "movies" in the UK, with each disc editing together two episodes (see List of "True Justice" episodes). To date the releases have been:
NB: The final episode of Season One, "Payback", has not yet been included on any of these DVDs.

</doc>
<doc id="31054302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054302" title="Dameracherla">
Dameracherla

Dameracherla is a mandal in Nalgonda district, Telangana, India.
Villages.
The villages in Dameracherla mandal includes:

</doc>
<doc id="31054318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054318" title="United States v. Morris (1991)">
United States v. Morris (1991)

United States v. Morris was an appeal of the conviction of Robert Tappan Morris for creating and releasing the Morris worm, one of the first Internet-based worms. This case resulted in the first conviction under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. In the process, the dispute clarified much of the language used in the law, which had been heavily revised in a number of updates passed in the years after its initial drafting. Also clarified was the concept of "unauthorized access," which is central in the United States' computer security laws. The decision was the first by a U.S. court to refer to "the Internet", which it described simply as "a national computer network."
Case background.
Robert Tappan Morris was a Cornell student, who began work in 1988 on an early Internet worm. He had been given explicit access to a Cornell computer account upon entering the school, and used this access to develop his worm. Morris released the worm from MIT, in an attempt to disguise its source. The worm spread through four mechanisms:
The worm was designed so that it would not spread to computers that it had already infected. To prevent computers from defending against this by pretending to have the worm, however, it would still infect an already infected computer one out of seven times. The worm was also designed so that it would be erased when an infected computer was shut down, thus preventing multiple infections from becoming problematic. Morris' underestimation of the rate of reinfection causing this safeguard to be ineffective, and "tens of thousands" of computers were rendered catatonic by repeated infections. It was estimated that between $200 and $53,000 was required per infected facility to clean up after the worm.
Morris was found guilty by the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York of violating 18 U.S.C. 1030(a)(5)(A), sentenced to three years of probation, 400 hours of community service, a fine of $10,050, and the cost of his supervision.
Discussion.
Legal discourse took place on three main issues: whether Morris had to have intended to cause damage, whether Morris really had gained unauthorized access, and whether the District Court had properly informed the jury of the subtleties of the case.
Intent to cause damage.
As it read in 1991, , part of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, covered anyone who:
(5) intentionally accesses a Federal interest computer without authorization, and by means of one or more instances of such conduct alters, damages, or destroys information in any such Federal interest computer, or prevents authorized use of any such computer or information, and thereby
(A) causes loss to one or more others of a value aggregating $1,000 or more during any one year period; ...
Morris argued that this did not apply to him, as the Government could not conclusively prove that he had intended to cause damage to a Federal interest computer. Federal interest computers are defined as any that participate in national or international commerce, or that are used in a federal or governmental institution. The Government disagreed, stating that since a comma separated the "intentionally" phrase from the rest of the section, it did not necessarily apply. This use of punctuation to separate adverbs has precedents in Burlington No. R. Co. v. Okla. Tax Comm'n and Consumer Product Safety Comm'n v. GTE Sylvania, Inc.
The court also took into consideration the language used in previous versions of the law to determine the intent of Congress. In the 1986 amendment to the law, section 1030(a)(2) had its mental state requirement changed from "knowingly" to "intentionally." This was done in order to disallow purposeful unauthorized access, not "mistaken, inadvertent, or careless" acts. The court reasoned that since this "intentionally" phrase was inserted into the law in order to avoid punishing users that had accidentally accessed a computer they did not have authorization to, it applied strictly to the "accesses" clause, not the "damages" one. There is no evidence that Congress intended to make it legal to accidentally damage another computer, therefore the "intentionally" specification was not made there. Additionally, the Government suggested that many other subsections of 1030, specifically (a)(1), continue to repeat the mental state requirement before each clause, indicating that the lack of such repetition in (a)(5)(A) is indicative of the short reach of the "intentionally" adverb.
To contest this claim, Morris cited a different section of the Senate Report: "he new subsection 1030(a)(5) to be created by the bill is designed to penalize those who intentionally alter, damage, or destroy certain computerized data belonging to another." The court however, found the Government's evidence of the changing language of the statute to be more convincing.
Unauthorized access.
Morris argued that, since he was given access to computers at Cornell, Harvard, and Berkeley, by releasing the worm he had simply exceeded authorized access, not gained unauthorized access. For this reason, he theorized that section (a)(3), not (a)(5)(A), properly covered him. This defense is based in another section of the Senate report, which stated that the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act would be aimed at "outsiders" (people not authorized to use federal interest computers). Because Morris did have access to computers of this nature, he stated that his actions were not completely unauthorized. However, the aforementioned Senate report also states that the law applies "where the offender's act of trespass is interdepartmental in nature." The court reasoned that since Morris' worm reached computers spanning U.S. government departments, including military ones, 18 U.S.C. 1030 properly applied to him.
The court also pointed out that since Morris used the sendmail and finger programs in a way they were not intended to be used, his "exceeded authorization" defense was further weakened. Since Morris only used these programs because they had security holes he could exploit to gain access to computers he could not otherwise access, this use exemplifies "unauthorized access". The fact that the worm guessed passwords to break into other systems further highlights this point.
Proper instruction of the jury.
Morris claimed that the District Court improperly educated the jury on the specifics of his case. First, he complained that the District Court had not provided a definition of "authorization" to the jury. The Court had stated that "authorization" was of common usage and not required to be defined. The Appellate Court in this case agreed, citing precedent. Morris also contended that the District Court wrongly did not instruct the jury on "exceeding authorized access" using his proposed definition. Again, the Appellate Court agreed with the District Court's decision, stating that extra definition would be potentially confusing, and that Morris's proposed instruction was incorrect. Additionally, the term "exceeding authorized access" implies that it is less serious than "unauthorized access," but even if this was the case, Morris was liable under many parts of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act.
Court's decision.
The US Court of Appeals, Second Circuit affirmed the decision of the lower District Court, in which Morris was found guilty of violating 18 U.S.C. 1030(a)(5)(A).
Case reception.
In 1996 the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act was amended again to clarify the intent problems that made up the majority of "U.S. v. Morris". The adverbs "knowingly" and "intentionally" were inserted in more places in the statute, in an attempt to make litigation with the law simpler in the future.
This case affirmed the strength of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. Prior to this decision, it had been assumed that the Act required intent to cause damage - which was thought to be very hard to prove. The ruling here demonstrated that this was not the case.

</doc>
<doc id="31054340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054340" title="Mark Morton (double bassist)">
Mark Morton (double bassist)

Mark Morton (born September 1, 1962) is the Assistant Professor of Double Bass at Texas Tech University, Principal double bassist of the Lubbock Symphony Orchestra, and the Artistic Director of The American School of Double Bass.
Career.
Dr. Morton was formerly a member of the Columbus Symphony Orchestra for twenty three years and for fourteen of those years, he was the principal double bassist. In 1990, he won first prize for the International Society of Bassists Solo Competition, and was the assistant to Gary Karr at the Hartt School of Music. He holds four Degrees from the Juilliard School in New York and subsequently was the second bassist ever to graduate with a Doctorate from that Institution.
As a recitalist and concerto performer, He has been a frequent performer on radio broadcasts including NPR's "Performance Today", WGBH in Boston, and WQZR in New York. He has also soloed internationally with groups such as the National Orchestra of Chile, the Houston Symphony, and the Symphony Orchestra Academy of the Pacific. He also has put out three albums titled "Thresholds", "Russian Rendezvous", and "Bottesini's Greatest Hits "(on which he plays both the double bass and piano parts). He also shares a CD with Gary Karr with music of Paul Ramsier. It was with that CD that "Classical CD Reviews " hailed him as "a most artistic representative of the new generation developed in the last half century."

</doc>
<doc id="31054346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054346" title="PSKPS Kota Padang Sidempuan">
PSKPS Kota Padang Sidempuan

PSKPS stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Kota Padang Sidempuan ("en: Football Association of Padang Sidempuan City"). PSKPS Padang Sidempuan is an Indonesian football club based in Padang Sidempuan, South Tapanuli Regency, North Sumatra.

</doc>
<doc id="31054383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054383" title="Manukau Magpies">
Manukau Magpies

The Manukau Magpies are a rugby league football club based in Mangere, a suburb of Auckland in New Zealand, who compete in Auckland Rugby League's Fox Memorial competition. The club was established in 1910.
History.
Established in 1910, the club played in 1911 as the "Manukau Northern Union Football Club" with James Rukutai as club captain. The club was registered with the Auckland Rugby League in 1911.
After the First World War the club was reformed as the "Manukau Rugby League Football Club".
From 1924 the club was mainly active in junior grades until 1936 when a senior team was re-established. History was made that year when they took out the Championship, Roope Rooster and Fox Memorial Trophies in their first season. 
The club celebrated its centenary in 2011. Dean Bell was named as the Manukau Player of the Century.
Notable players.
Players who have played for Manukau include George Nepia and Steve Watene in their foundation year.
The club later had a close association with the Bell family as Dean Bell, Ian Bell and Clayton Friend all played for the club and Cameron Bell coached the club.
The following players have played for Manukau and gone on the make the New Zealand Kiwis: Dean Bell 1983-89; Ian Bell 1978-83; Walter Brimble, Wilfred Brimble 1938; Jack Brodrick, Rangi Chase 1937-38; Clayton Friend 1982-91; Doug Gailey 1974, Lummy Graham 1970; Jack Hemi 1936-39; Jack McLeod 1937-38, George Mitchell, Hawea Mataira 1939; George Nepia 1937; Frank Pickrang 1936; Pita Ririnui 1939; Kelly Shelford 1989-91; Steve Watene 1936-37; Tommy Trevarthan 1936; Nick Wright 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31054422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054422" title="Wang Xingyu">
Wang Xingyu

Wang Xingyu (王行瑜) (d. 895) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who controlled Jingnan Circuit (靜難, headquartered in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi) from 887 to his death in 895. At his prime, he and his ally Li Maozhen the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi) had a stranglehold on the court of then-reigning Emperor Zhaozong, and were able to put two former chancellors that they disliked — Li Xi and Wei Zhaodu — to death over Emperor Zhaozong's objections. However, Li Keyong the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi) then attacked them and defeated Wang. Wang fled and was killed in flight by his own subordinates.
Background.
It is not known when Wang Xingyu was born, but it is known that he was from Bin Prefecture (邠州), the capital of Jingnan Circuit. He became an officer at Jingnan in his youth, and he later contributed under the military governor Zhu Mei when Zhu participated in the campaigns against the major agrarian rebel Huang Chao.
In 886, after then-reigning Emperor Xizong fled from the imperial capital Chang'an to Xingyuan (興元, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi) in response to imperial forces' defeat at the hands of Wang Chongrong the military governor of Huguo Circuit (護國, headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) and Li Keyong the military governor of Hedong Circuit, Zhu, who had previously been aligned with Emperor Xizong's powerful eunuch advisor Tian Lingzi, turned against Emperor Xizong and supported Emperor Xizong's distant relative Li Yun the Prince of Xiang as a rival emperor. Under Li Yun's regime, Wang Xingyu was given the title of military governor of Tianping Circuit (天平, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong) but never reported there; rather, Zhu sent him to try to attack Emperor Xizong at Xingyuan.
Initially, Wang enjoyed some success when he attacked San Pass (散關, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), forcing the imperial guard general Yang Sheng (楊晟) to flee to Xing Prefecture (興州, in modern Hanzhong). When he then attacked Yang at Xing, Yang abandoned Xing as well and withdrew to Wen Prefecture (文州, in modern Longnan, Gansu). Emperor Xizong instead sent Li Chan (李鋋) and Li Maozhen to resist Wang at Mount Datang (大唐峰, in modern Hanzhong). Wang was unable to defeat them.
Meanwhile, Tian's successor as the leading eunuch, Yang Fugong, issued a declaration that anyone who killed Zhu would be made the military governor of Jingnan. As Wang feared punishment from Zhu for failing to capture Emperor Xizong, he persuaded his subordinates that they should turn against Zhu. Around the new year 887, Wang made a sudden return to Chang'an with his troops and attacked Zhu, killing him. Li Yun fled to Wang Chongrong's territory but was killed by Wang Chongrong. Subsequently, Emperor Xizong made Wang Xingyu the military governor of Jingnan to succeed Zhu.
Rule of Jingnan Circuit.
In 890, Emperor Xizong's brother and successor Emperor Zhaozong bestowed on Wang Xingyu the honorary chancellor title of "Shizhong" (侍中).
After the eunuch Yang Fugong fled to and rebelled at Shannan West Circuit (山南西道, headquartered in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi) in late 891, along with his adoptive sons/nephews Yang Shouliang the military governor of Shannan West, Yang Shouxin (楊守信, an imperial guard general who fled to Shannan West with Yang Fugong), Yang Shouzhong (楊守忠) the military governor of Jinshang Circuit (金商, headquartered in modern Ankang, Shaanxi), Yang Shouzhen (楊守貞) the military governor of Longjian Circuit (龍劍, headquartered in modern Mianyang, Sichuan), and Yang Shouhou (楊守厚) the prefect of Mian Prefecture (綿州, in modern Mianyang). In spring 892, Wang Xingyu, along with his allies Li Maozhen the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit, Han Jian the military governor of Zhenguo Circuit (鎮國, headquartered in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), Li Maozhen's brother Li Maozhuang (李茂莊) the military governor of Tianxiong Circuit (天雄, headquartered in modern Tianshui, Gansu), and Wang Xingyu's own brother Wang Xingyue (王行約) the military governor of Kuangguo Circuit (匡國, headquartered in modern Weinan), jointly petitioned Emperor Zhaozong to declare a campaign against the Yangs and to make Li Maozhen the commander of the operations. Emperor Zhaozong, concerned that Li Maozhen would be difficult to control if he seized the Yangs' territory, initially refused and ordered them to negotiate a peaceful resolution. Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu, however, refused to follow the emperor's orders and sent troops to attack Shannan West; Li Maozhen also sent letters to the chancellor Du Rangneng and the chief eunuch Ximen Junsui (西門君遂) disparaging the imperial government. Emperor Zhaozong was forced to grant their request and put Li Maozhen in command of the operations against the Yangs. Subsequently, they defeated the Yangs, and Li Maozhen took effective control of the Yangs' territory. During the operations, Emperor Zhaozong bestowed the honorary chancellor title of "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令) on Wang Xingyu.
By 893, Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu were allied with the chancellor Cui Zhaowei, who was secretly informing them all that was happening at Emperor Zhaozong's court. Emperor Zhaozong had, against Du's recommendations, been planning a campaign against Li Maozhen, and Du, despite his opposition, assisted the emperor in planning the campaign. Subsequently, Emperor Zhaozong commissioned the chancellor Xu Yanruo as the new military governor of Fengxiang and put Li Sizhou (李嗣周) the Prince of Qin in command of a newly conscripted imperial army to escort Xu. When Li Sizhou prepared to attack Li Maozhen, his army deserted before it could encounter Li Maozhen's and Wang Xingyu's army. Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu then approached the capital. Emperor Zhaozong was forced to placate them by executing Ximen, along with the eunuchs Li Zhoutong (李周潼) and Duan Yu (段詡), and forcing Du to commit suicide. It was said that thereafter, Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu had a stranglehold over the imperial government, and both eunuchs and imperial officials entered into alliances with them. Whatever those allies of theirs wanted, they would report to Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu; Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu would then petition the emperor to demand that those actions be carried out, and Emperor Zhaozong would be forced to agree. Later in the year, however, when Wang Xingyu requested the title of "Shangshu Ling" (尚書令), the chancellor Wei Zhaodu secretly opposed on the account that no one had dared to hold that title ever since Emperor Taizong held that title — not even the great general Guo Ziyi, who was bestowed the title but constantly declined it and never used it. Emperor Zhaozong agreed, and he tried to placate Wang instead by giving him the title of "Shangfu" (尚父, "imperial father") and bestowing on him an iron certificate, which was supposed to guarantee that he would never be put to death.
In 895, Cui, displeased that Emperor Zhaozong had commissioned Li Xi as a chancellor as well to divert his power, informed Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu the fact that Wei had opposed Wang's request of the "Shangshu Ling" title and claimed that Wei and Li Xi were planning, with Emperor Zhaozong, a campaign against them, much like Du was. Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu thereafter submitted petitions opposing Li Xi's chancellorship. Emperor Zhaozong was forced to remove Li Xi from the chancellor position.
Later in the year, however, another flareup would occur in the relationship between the imperial government and the Li Maozhen/Wang Xingyu/Han alliance. After the recent death of Wang Chongying (Wang Chongrong's brother and successor) the military governor of Huguo Circuit (護國, headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), the Huguo soldiers had supported Wang Chongying's nephew Wang Ke (the son of his brother Wang Chongjian (王重簡), but who had been adopted by Wang Chongrong) as Wang Chongying's successor, but Wang Chongying's son Wang Gong the military governor of Baoyi Circuit (保義, headquartered in modern Sanmenxia, Henan), who had coveted Huguo, persuaded Wang Xingyu, Li Maozhen, and Han to submit a petition recommending that Wang Gong be given Huguo and Wang Ke be given Baoyi. Emperor Zhaozong, citing Li Keyong's support for Wang Ke's succession (as Wang Ke was his son-in-law), refused. Thereafter, Li Maozhen, Wang Xingyu, and Han marched on the capital and put, against Emperor Zhaozong's orders, LI Xi and Wei to death. They then considered deposing Emperor Zhaozong and replacing him with his brother Li Bao (李保) the Prince of Ji. However, at this point, they heard that Li Keyong had mobilized his army and was preparing to march against them, so they, after leaving 2,000 soldiers each at Chang'an to watch over the emperor, returned to their circuits to prepare to defend against Li Keyong.
Defeat and death.
Meanwhile, Li Keyong launched his army and issued a harshly-worded declaration against Li Maozhen, Wang Xingyu, and Han Jian, accusing them of wrongly killing Wei Zhaodu and Li Xi. He quickly defeated and killed Wang Gong's brother Wang Yao (王瑤) the prefect of Jiang Prefecture (絳州, in modern Yuncheng), who was allied with Wang Gong in the Wang Gong/Wang Ke dispute. He then crossed the Yellow River and attacked Kuangguo; Wang Xingyue abandoned the circuit and fled to Chang'an. He then put Han's capital Hua Prefecture (華州) under siege.
Meanwhile, the armies that Li Maozhen and Wang Xingyu left at Chang'an got into a fight between themselves, as both Li Maozhen's adoptive son Li Jipeng (李繼鵬), who commanded the Fengxiang soldier, and Wang Xingyue and another brother, Wang Xingshi (王行實), who commanded the Jingnan soldiers, wanted to seize the emperor and take him to their circuit. Emperor Zhaozong, as the two armies were engaging themselves, fled into the Qinling Mountains to avoid being captured. Meanwhile, Li Keyong, hearing that the two circuits were fighting to control the emperor, quickly advanced on Chang'an and forced the two circuits' soldiers to flee back to their own circuits.
Li Keyong then advanced to Jingnan's Liyuan Camp (黎園寨, in modern Xianyang). Hearing of Li Keyong's victory there, Li Maozhen, fearful, executed Li Jipeng and presented his head to Emperor Zhaozong to beg for forgiveness, and also wrote Li Keyong to seek peace. Emperor Zhaozong thus ordered Li Keyong to concentrate on attacking Wang Xingyu. Emperor Zhaozong then declared a general campaign against Wang Xingyu and stripped him of all of his titles. Li Maozhen, despite sending the emissaries to the emperor and Li Keyong, sent troops to aid Wang. Li Keyong thus asked Emperor Zhaozong to extend the campaign to Li Maozhen as well. Emperor Zhaozong disagreed, but issued an edict ordering Li Maozhen to withdraw. By winter 895, Liyuan fell. Wang Xingyue and Wang Xingshi, who were then at Ning Prefecture (寧州, in modern Qingyang, Gansu), abandoned it and fled. After Li Keyong then defeated Wang Xingyu at Longquan Camp (龍泉寨, in modern Weinan), Wang Xingyu fled back to Bin Prefecture and defended it, while sending offers to surrender to Li Keyong. Li Keyong refused. Wang then abandoned Bin Prefecture and fled; he was killed in flight by his own officers; his head was delivered to Chang'an and presented to Emperor Zhaozong. At Li Keyong's recommendations, Emperor Zhaozong commissioned the imperial guard general Su Wenjian (蘇文建) to be the new military governor of Jingnan.

</doc>
<doc id="31054427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054427" title="Federico Visuetti">
Federico Visuetti

Federico Visuetti is a Panamanian fashion designer. He has designed fantasy costumes for the Panama Carnival as well as for the Miss Universe pageant. He has been designing for 25 years slowly branching out to international venues.
Early life and Career.
Federico Visuetti started making clothes for himself in 1988; he was a Finance major in USMA (Universidad Santa Maria la Antigua) at the time. Panama was going through political turmoil making it hard for a fashion designer to be able to showcase clothing. In 1990 he has an opportunity to present his fashion line. The event was called "Panamá, Color y Moda". He found this opportunity as a thermometer as to see if he could pursue his designer career. After receiving positive reviews, he finished his major in Finance in 1994 and embarked to take classes in the United States of America. He took courses in tailoring, technical perfection of drawing, painting, "look" and image. While in the United States he endures the hardship to make it as a designer and decides to go back to Panama. In 1996 he works as an adviser to "look" and image on the Board of the Panama Carnival. He was also responsible for the image of Sadie Vasquez, outgoing queen, and Jovana Muñoz a Rumba Carnival Queen of 1997. He remained stagnant for a couple of years. He arises in 1999 when he presents 40 outfits for the fashion pavilion at EXPOCOMER, an international commercial exhibition. Multiple attempts to succeed in the fashion arena in Panama him; Sara Bassan and Jaime Luna finally initiated an annual event called "Pasarela Panama 2000 in the 1999 to benefit for the program of UNICEF-PANAMA. He has participated in important fashion events in Panama and abroad, among which are: Fashion and Rumbo al Centenario Canal, Brides Sunset, Elite Model Look Panama, Panama Pasarela, Gala Miss Universe 2003, Panama Extravaganza 2005, among others. He was also invited by the Ecuadorian agency CN Models, to represent Panama in Ecuador Fashion Week 2003 and 2005 in the city of Guayaquil. His creations have been published in major magazines and newspapers, both locally and internationally, most notably at Panama local publications such as, Mundo Social, Ellas, S7ete Magazine, Selecta Magazine, newspaper La Critica, La Prensa and El Panama America, Vogue, Glamour, Hola de España, Vanidades, Harpers Bazaar, Miami Herald, Ocean Drive Miami, Playboy México among others.
Inspiration.
Federico Visuetti, makes two fashion collection a year. He designs for male and females in bold and sophisticated lines focusing on avant-garde design which have characterize his creations. Visuetti takes inspiration from the world's ethnic groups including Panama’s, as well as aspects of the fauna and flora found in that country. He designs thinking about the folkloric aspect of Panama as well as the traditions. He also uses a blend of fine textiles and trends according to the climate of Panama, while also using a wide palette of colors.
Personal life.
He has no romantic partner and has no interest in one(for now). He lives at home with his parents, Frederico and Lidia. His brothers are Ileana and Erick. He loves to cook Italian, Spanish and Creole food. Has a dog named "Kimbo. Federico was born on December 27 with an undisclosed birth year and his sign is Capricorn. He swims every day and loves to sunbathe on the beach.
Awards and Recognitions.
He received a Latin Fashion Award in 2001 for Best Design, Avant-Garde, and elected by the Latin-American Vogue and Fashion TV Paris, as one of the four Latin American avant-garde designers. Besides international awards he has received important awards for his contribution to fashion and culture in Panama, by the National Centennial Committee, from the Mayor of Panama, the Caesar Park Corporation and the Panamanian Institute of Tourism (IPAT). In 2006, he received an important awards by the Motorola Fashion Weekend in Playas, Ecuador. 
In 2008 received awards by the University of Panama in celebration for 20 years of successful career in the Latin fashion world and was elected godfather of the fashion designer career in this university. Also received an importand recognized by SEDAL Company.

</doc>
<doc id="31054434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054434" title="Papal Lateran Cross">
Papal Lateran Cross

The Papal Lateran Cross ( ) is a medal for recognition of merit bestowed by the Holy See.
Overview.
The Papal Lateran Cross was commissioned by Pope Leo XIII, and instituted on February 18, 1903. The distinction was created as a recognititon of merit, and is named in honor of the Basilica of St. John in Lateran (Rome).
The decoration consists of a Greek cross displaying the image of St. John the Evangelist on the right, St. John the Baptist on the left, St. Peter at top, and St. Paul at the bottom. Christ the Redeemer is displayed at the center of the cross. The reverse side of the cross is engraved with the names, in Latin, of each saint depicted ("Joanes", "Batis", "Petrus", "Paulus"), as well as the symbol of Christ (P and X inside a circle).
A button located above the cross is inscribed with the phrase: ""Sacrosancta lateranensis ecclesia - omnium urbis et orbis ecclesiarum mater et caput"" ("The sacred and holy church of the Lateran - the mother and the head of all of the churches of the city and the world").
The medal has been crafted in a number of designs: with or without an adjoining circle, as well as a solid medal with a cross in relief. The accompanying ribbon is red with blue stripes along the sides.
Recipients.
Notable individuals who received this honor include:

</doc>
<doc id="31054437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054437" title="Shane Beamer">
Shane Beamer

Shane Beamer (born 1977 in Charleston, South Carolina) is the associate head coach and running backs coach for the Virginia Tech Hokies football team and the son of long-time Virginia Tech head coach Frank Beamer.
College playing career.
Beamer chose to walk on as a wide receiver at Virginia Tech over an offer of a partial scholarship from Division I-AA Charleston Southern. Later, he moved to long snapper, the position he played during the Hokies' 1999 season, in which they played for the national championship.
Coaching career.
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets.
Following Beamer's playing career, he became a graduate assistant at Georgia Tech under George O'Leary. Beamer's team was scheduled to play against his father in the 2000 Black Coaches Association Classic to open the season, but the game was canceled because of lightning and Georgia Tech refused to reschedule it.
Tennessee Volunteers.
From 2001 - 2003, Shane served as a graduate assistant under Phillip Fulmer at the University of Tennessee.
Mississippi State Bulldogs.
In 2004, Beamer was hired by Sylvester Croom at Mississippi State to coach corners where three of his players earned All-SEC Freshmen honors. In 2006, he assumed the role of recruiting coordinator and brought in a class that included current San Francisco 49ers running back Anthony Dixon.
South Carolina Gamecocks.
In 2007, Shane was hired by Steve Spurrier at the University of South Carolina to coach outside linebackers and to serve as the special team coordinator. In 2008, the Gamecock defense finished 2nd in pass defense and 13th in total defense nationally. His 2009 special teams unit blocked five kicks, tying for the SEC lead and ranking eighth in the nation, while the Gamecock defensive unit finished third in the SEC in total defense and fifteenth in the nation.
In his final two years in Columbia, Beamer also served as recruiting coordinator for the Gamecocks. The 2009 class was ranked 12th best in the nation by Scout.com and Rivals.com and included future NFL draft picks Stephon Gillmore and Alshon Jeffrey. Both the 2010 and 2011 recruiting classes ranked in the top 25 and included current South Carolina stars Marcus Lattimore and Conner Shaw.
Beamer was nominated for the 2009 Frank Broyles Award which goes annually to the top assistant coach in the country.
Virginia Tech Hokies.
Beamer joined his father in Blacksburg in 2011 as the Associate Head Coach and running backs coach. In his first year as running backs coach, he tutored the school's single season rushing record holder, All-American and ACC Player of the Year, David Wilson. Wilson was subsequently drafted in the first round by the New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="31054438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054438" title="Abi Ferrin">
Abi Ferrin

Abi Ferrin is a fashion designer based out of Dallas, Texas.
Biography.
Ferrin spent much of her childhood in Montana, and eventually majored in government and broadcast journalism. Inspired by her major, Abi moved to Washington D.C. to pursue a career along the lines of her collegiate studies. Disillusioned with the political enviornment and career opportunities in Washington D.C., she resolved instead, to follow her dream into the fashion industry and moved to California landing in Hollywood. An avid sewer since a young age, and with little money after her move, she began designing and making clothes of her own design. Her gamble paid off, and she was discovered at a industry party. This led to her big break, designing clothing for the show "Extra", where she broke into the Hollywood scene with several "new looks." Eventually Abi tired of the fickle fashion industry of the Hollywood scene, and despite incurring $50,000 in debt, again took a gamble, this time by relocating to Dallasin 2006. 
Accomplishments.
Abi Ferrin was named "Texas’ Next Top Designer" by Stanley Korshak in 2007. Along with the title came $25,000 to start her company, a loft in downtown Dallas and a business grant to start her business in Dallas. Since 2007 Abi Ferrin has been well known in the Dallas fashion scene and the business has continued to grow each year. In 2009, Abi Ferrin the company has grown 25%, and even in the times of economic downturn the company continues to grow each year. Her clothing is sold in Nordstrom and boutique stores nationwide as well as online.
Abi Ferrin’s designs have been seen in many editorials including D Fashion, London Financial Times, Inmag.com, Papercity, and Dallas Morning News. Many celebrities have also been seen wearing Abi’s fashions, including Perry Reeves, Molly Sims, Erykah Badu, Claudia Jordan, Carrie Underwood and Paris Hilton. In 2010, Abi Ferrin appeared in Elle Magazine’s Spring Ready to Wear line. After appearing at the 2010 Spring Fashion Week in New York. In 2011 Abi Ferrin was chosen to design the clothing for the 10th Annual Off the Fields Players Wives Fashion Show. Abi’s designs were worn on the runway by many NFL wives, both past and present.
Freedom Project.
Abi lives and works by her motto," “Fashion with Freedom and Purpose”", Abi Ferrin incorporates handmade buttons into each of her designs, buys them at fair market value, and donates an additional 600% of the asking price to an organization in Nepal for women rescued from the sex trade. These buttons are handmade by the women who are rescued from the sex trade, and are given work at a place in Nepal called Guardian Vision Handcrafts. Abi Ferrin says that she feels as if these “custom made adornments” will “give women a feeling of authenticity, while each button holds a greater value”. Abi Ferrin is also teaming up with her sister Kelly, who has worked as a humanitarian for her whole career, and is getting involved with the organization Vision Trust, to expand their involvement in global organizations.
October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31054441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054441" title="Crocus cloth">
Crocus cloth

Crocus cloth is an abrasive sheet similar to sand paper or emery cloth but covered with a layer of very fine loose iron oxide particles rather than with bound grains of abrasive. "For final metal and gemstone finishing." It is available in various grades (particle sizes).

</doc>
<doc id="31054444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054444" title="Torry Harris Business Solutions">
Torry Harris Business Solutions

Torry Harris Business Solutions (THBS) is a multinational provider of business, technology and consulting services headquartered in New Jersey, United States. 
History.
The founding members of Torry Harris Business Solutions belonged to a company called Transarc, a Pittsburgh based Software Company. Transarc was purchased by IBM in 1994. 
Several former members from Transarc formed Torry Harris. Torry Harris Business Solutions was founded in 1998 to offer IT services in the middleware and distributed-computing areas. On 19 March 1998 the company was formally registered as Torry Harris Business Solutions.
Operations.
The company's headquarters in New Jersey, USA (Address) was incorporated in 1998. THBS' American clients are serviced out of this office and the facility in Bangalore. 
THBS has operations and projects in 39 countries world-wide. 
In 2002, THBS' Singapore and Dubai offices were set up to cater to the Middle-East and Asia-Pac geographies. In 2008, the company expanded its operations to Africa. THBS operates in Tanzania. THBS helped provide farmers with regular updates regarding weather conditions through low speed mobile networks.
A UK office in Bristol was set up in 2001 to service THBS' increasing presence in the UK. A few years later in 2008 the Ireland office was set up as operations expanded.
In 2012 an Austria office was set up in Vienna, Austria to cater to the Central and Eastern European markets. In Austria & Eastern Europe, THBS works with a large bank, Telecom service providers, pharmaceutical majors and manufacturing companies.
In the news.
In 2010, a stray online advert for job applicants for the company read "preferably of Indian origin" and broke UK law, the Equality and Human Rights Commission in UK has said. The ad was taken down and the company launched an immediate internal investigation.
SOA and Cloud Solutions.
In 2009, THBS was identified as a leader in SOA integration by Forrester Research. The company was also recognised as a Gartner "cool vendor" for application services in 2010. THBS helped a telecom major in the UK drive its SOA initiative. The implementation was taken up by Gartner as a case study. THBS figured in the top 20 of the top 100 technology companies founded by Indians in the US as per a recent survery. In 2013, the solution accelerators /Intellectual Property of THBS got special mentions by Gartner in their 'Top 10 IT Service Management Next Practices' and 'Open-Source Software Adoption Becoming Mainstream in India' reports.
In 2011, the Cloud Computing World Forum short-listed Torry Harris as one among the top 3 for the Cloud Computing World Series Awards. The selection was made under the "Best Enterprise Solution" category in recognition of the company's flagship cloud tool "Cloud Catalyst".
In 2012, the Center for Excellence wing of THBS released a free to use Mobile Enterprise application specifically to manage EC2 instances on the Amazon Cloud. The application known as Eazy2 and was released free of cost to the cloud computing community on the Android and iOS stores. Eazy 2 is unique, in that it provides cost estimates along with updates on machine use.

</doc>
<doc id="31054447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054447" title="Persipare Pare-Pare">
Persipare Pare-Pare

Persipare stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Pare-Pare ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Pare-Pare"). Persipare Pare-Pare is an Indonesian football club based in Pare-Pare, South Sulawesi. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31054472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054472" title="Cecil Boyle">
Cecil Boyle

Cecil William Boyle (16 March 1853 – 5 April 1900) was an English sportsman who played international rugby union for England and first-class cricket. He was killed in action during the Second Boer War.
Educated at Clifton College, Boyle played both cricket rugby union for the University of Oxford. In 1873 he became the first ever Oxford player to be capped for the England national rugby union team, appearing in a Test against Scotland in Glasgow. He played five first-class cricket matches for Oxford University in the same year and once more in 1874. As a fast round-arm bowler, Boyle took 30 wickets during his short first-class career, at an average of 10.30. On his debut, against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) he took 7/40 in the first innings. His match tally of nine wickets was bettered the next time Oxford University played the MCC, at Lord's, when he took 7/33 in the second innings after taking four in the first. The uncle of Test cricketer Lionel Tennyson, Boyle also took a first-class hattrick for Oxford University, against Middlesex.
Boyle fought with the Queen's Own Oxfordshire Hussars regiment of the Imperial Yeomanry in the Boer War. He took 30 of his own horses with him to South Africa, where he served with the 10th Battalion. In April 1900, he fought against Boer volunteers at Boshof and became the first member of the Imperial Yeomanry to be killed in action.

</doc>
<doc id="31054509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054509" title="Ferrari factory">
Ferrari factory

Designed in 2006 and constructed in 2009, the addition to the Ferrari compound at Maranello was designed by Ateliers Jean Nouvel, the Paris-based architecture firm. New programs include a new assembly facility, showrooms, offices and retail space, which are unified under a large, louvered roof. (1)
The additions project is located in the historical part of the compound. While the existing buildings remain for the most part untouched, their facades are clad in reflective red panels wherever the new building borders onto them. Additionally, the existing facade of the Ferrari historical factory is clad in reflective red steel sheets. The principal materials that are used for the exterior of the new buildings are stainless steel with a mirror finish, glass, and painted red steel panels. The glass modules are composed of a reflective glass to approximate the mirrored steel, as well as to control solar penetration.(2)
The large, louvered roof is made of mirrored stainless steel sheets that are positioned at an angle relative to the roof plane reflect light and images of the sky to the spaces beneath. Some of the louvers also have images and logos printed on their upper face, which are reflected into the interiors of the buildings.(3)
A series of gardens are located within and around the buildings of the compound. These are intended as spaces for circulation and recreation.
A number of other new buildings by notable architects have been added to the compound in recent years, such as the Ferrari wind tunnel, designed by Renzo Piano and an office building designed by Massimiliano Fuksas.(4)
(1)GA Document. “Jean Nouvel: Ferrari Factory,” GA Document 111 (March 2010), 8.
(2)GA Document. “Jean Nouvel: Ferrari Factory,” GA Document 111 (March 2010), 9.
(3)GA Document. “Jean Nouvel: Ferrari Factory,” GA Document 111 (March 2010), 8.
(4)http://www.nytimes.com/2008/11/28/business/28ferrari.html?_r=2&pagewanted=1

</doc>
<doc id="31054510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054510" title="Justin Long (skier)">
Justin Long (skier)

Justin Elgen Long "The Dub" is a businessman and skier who currently resides in British Columbia, Canada. He is known for being the youngest person to ski Mt. Stanley in Africa as well as founding the Amelia Earhart DNA Project. Long currently dedicates himself to the technology industry in Vancouver, Canada, and is the grandson of Elgen Long.
Early life and education.
Justin Long was born in San Diego and is a previous resident of the Reno-Lake Tahoe area. He graduated honors from Galena High School in Reno, Nevada and spent his early years skiing Lake Tahoe. Long is educated in Health Sciences and Business from Simon Fraser University.
Defining work.
Snow4Innocents Africa.
To bring awareness to children's health in southern Uganda in 2010, Long created the Snow4Innocents campaign and became the youngest person to simultaneously climb and ski Mount Stanley, Africa. He was the first skier to use the new southern Rwenzori route from Kilembe trekking over 80 km on foot. Long successfully completed the climb and was acknowledged by figures including the Vice President of Uganda at the opening of Holy Innocents Children's Hospital. In the process he also planted an NHL Canucks flag on the mountain in an idea voted by contestants in an online contest. The campaign was a collaboration between Long and Holy Innocents Children's Hospital and received support from Children's Hospital Oakland, Newschoolers.com, IonEarth, and Oakley.
The Amelia Earhart DNA Project.
In February 2011 Long approached Dr. Dongya Yang at Simon Fraser University with letters written by Amelia Earhart. His actions started the Amelia Earhart DNA Project, where Long currently provides support through logistics and funding. The letters were obtained through his grandfather Elgen Long when he realized that the seals on the envelopes were very likely to contain cells left over after Amelia licked them. The Amelia Earhart DNA project will create the first full genetic profile of the disappeared aviator and be used to examine many of the claimed theories of her disappearance.
Character.
Justin Long has been defined as an "animated storyteller" who "loves to ski, wants to help others and, though he may not realize it, is a born adventurer." Justin shares many character traits as his grandfather Elgen, and the two often work together when sharing the same goals.
Other work.
ACG.
From 2007 to January 2011 Long was known as the Executive Director of ACG Corp., a small PR and design agency in Vancouver, Canada. After four years servicing clients internationally, Long sold the agency to Blue Lotus Creative, another Vancouver agency.

</doc>
<doc id="31054518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054518" title="Gaspa Palopo">
Gaspa Palopo

Gaspa Palopo or Gabungan Sepakbola Palopo is an Indonesian football club based in Palopo, South Sulawesi. Club played in Liga Indonesia Third Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31054527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054527" title="Stylenoir">
Stylenoir

Stylenoir is a British magazine published since 2008. The magazine is online based, however has had print offshoots including Noir : the black book of art and fashion The magazine regularly features latex, alternative style, and the darker aesthetics of fashion.
History.
Stylenoir Magazine was launched in May 2008 as an independent online magazine, joining the Glam Media publishing network later that year. Stylenoir quickly became known for its edgy design and aesthetic. In 2010 Stylenoir won the Jaeger (clothing) styling competition and pushed a focus on its original mission of bringing fetish and alternative style to the high fashion industry.
Stylenoir is edited by James Mills. Past contributors have included Ruby True and Ulorin Vex. Interview subjects include Hannah Marshall (fashion designer), Bernard Chandran and Sarah Shotton, creative director and designer for Agent Provocateur (lingerie)
Technology.
Stylenoir Magazine is seen as a pioneer for technology in new media. The prominent reason for this is Stylenoir's iPad and iPhone magazine downloads, alongside the magazine's Twitter and Facebook page [http://www.facebook.com/pages/Stylenoir-Media-Group/30853543400. This has prompted Stylenoir and Editor James Mills to be featured in Marketing Magazine and Brand Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="31054528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054528" title="Marvell Academy">
Marvell Academy

Marvell Academy is a K-12 a private school in unincorporated Phillips County Arkansas, near Marvell.
Marvell was founded in 1966, and its first graduating class graduated in 1972. The school is accredited by the Mississippi Association of Independent Schools. The school originally served as a segregation academy; it was founded so that White residents could have their children attend schools without African-Americans after area public schools were forced to racially integrate. The founders of the school were members of a White Citizens Council. The school was at one time located across a cotton patch from the area public school. Marvell public schools had been integrated in 1965.
Marvell Academy is still 99% white.

</doc>
<doc id="31054545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054545" title="Stanley Nider Katz">
Stanley Nider Katz

Stanley Nider Katz (born April 23, 1934 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American historian specializing in American legal and constitutional history and the history of philanthropy. He is director of the Princeton University Center for Arts and Cultural Policy Studies and director emeritus of the American Council of Learned Societies. He graduated from Harvard University with an AB (1955), MA (1959), and PhD in American colonial history (1961). He taught at Harvard from 1961 to 1965, serving as Allston Burr Senior Tutor of Leverett House from 1963 to 1965. He went on to teach at the University of Wisconsin–Madison (1965–70), the University of Chicago Law School (1970–78), Princeton University (1978–1986), and the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs. In addition to serving as president of the Organization of American Historians (1987-1988), Katz served as president of the American Council of Learned Societies from 1986 to 1997, for which he was awarded a 2010 United States National Humanities Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="31054550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054550" title="Country Croonin'">
Country Croonin'

Country Croonin' is an album by Canadian artist Anne Murray. It was released by Straightway Records on October 22, 2002. The album peaked at number 13 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31054562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054562" title="Tomb of Ahmed Sanjar">
Tomb of Ahmed Sanjar

The Tomb of Ahmad Sanjar was built in Merv in 1157, following the death of Ahmad Sanjar, sultan of the Great Seljuk Empire. It is reported that his tomb was the site of pilgrimages.
Tomb.
The mausoleum stood 27m high and was 17m by 17m wide. The walls were 14m high and had no major decorations. This was one of the grandest Seljuk tombs, with an ambitious gallery and a single dome of blue glazed bricks with the drum being buttressed at four points. Sanjar's mausoleum was part of a larger complex consisting of a mosque and palace, while the mausoleum was centered in a vast courtyard.
Mongol Invasion.
In 1221, Mongols, led by Tolui, attacked Merv killing 700,000 people and burning the mausoleum.
Present day.
A report made in 1879-81 describes the tomb being in the center of a chahar bagh, surrounded by small tombs and graves.
See also.
Seljuk architecture

</doc>
<doc id="31054568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054568" title="Port Terminal Railroad Association">
Port Terminal Railroad Association

The Port Terminal Railroad Association is an American terminal railroad that operates of track at the Port of Houston in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="31054573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054573" title="Maungaturoto (volcano)">
Maungaturoto (volcano)

Maungaturoto is a 282 m high basaltic scoria cone, in the Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field in New Zealand. It was the site of a pā.

</doc>
<doc id="31054599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054599" title="Stephen K. Sanderson">
Stephen K. Sanderson

Stephen K. Sanderson is an American sociologist. His area of focus includes comparative sociology, historical sociology, sociological theory and sociocultural evolution. He is a specialist in sociological theory and comparative and historical sociology and is one of the leading sociologists to develop a Darwinian understanding of human society. He has written or edited ten books and about sixty peer-reviewed articles, and is the author of numerous articles and many books, including Evolutionism and Its Critics.
He was a professor of sociology at Indiana University of Pennsylvania. Since 2007 he has been a visiting scholar at the Institute for Research on World-Systems at the University of California, Riverside.
Sanderson received PhD from the University of Nebraska in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="31054602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054602" title="Marvell–Elaine School District">
Marvell–Elaine School District

The Marvell–Elaine School District #22, previously Marvell School District No. 22, is a school district headquartered in Marvell, Arkansas. It serves Marvell, Elaine, and other areas in Phillips County.
On July 1, 2006, the Elaine School District merged into the Marvell School District.
In 2008–2009 the school district had a total of of land.
Facilities.
The district administration building is directly behind a Citgo gas station, near the intersection of U.S. Highway 49 and North Pine.
Both are located on U.S. Route 49, the main highway passing through Marvell.

</doc>
<doc id="31054607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054607" title="Potiskavec">
Potiskavec

Potiskavec (; ) is a village in the southern part of the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola.

</doc>
<doc id="31054631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054631" title="Oklahoma-Arkansas-Kansas League">
Oklahoma-Arkansas-Kansas League

The Oklahoma-Arkansas-Kansas League was an eight-team Class-D minor baseball league that existed in 1907. As its name indicates, it consisted of teams from Oklahoma, Arkansas and Kansas. 
Its teams were the Bartlesville Boosters, Coffeyville Glassblowers, Fort Smith Soldiers, Independence Champs, McAlester Miners, Muskogee Redskins, Parsons Preachers and Tulsa Oilers.
Notable players include Chick Brandom, Drummond Brown, Larry Cheney, Frank Moore, Art Thomason and Lon Ury.
After multiple teams disbanded and withdrew, the league's season was shortened to mid-September. Bartlesville finished in first place.

</doc>
<doc id="31054632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054632" title="PS Banyuasin">
PS Banyuasin

PS Banyuasin or Persatuan Sepakbola Banyuasin ("en: Football Association of Banyuasin") is an Indonesian football club based in Banyuasin Regency, South Sumatra. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division but withdrew before competition started.

</doc>
<doc id="31054638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054638" title="Pierre Chambrin">
Pierre Chambrin

Pierre Chambrin (born September 13, 1947 in Paris, France) was the White House Executive Chef from 1992 to 1994.
Early life and career.
Chambrin was born in Paris on Sept. 13, 1947. He received his culinary education at the Ecole des Metiers de l'alimentation, which he attended from 1961 to 1963. He moved to the United States in 1969 and opened a restaurant in Massachusetts. In 1979 Chambrin took over the Washington, D.C. restaurant Maison Blanche, located near the White House.
White House.
Chambrin was appointed under the presidency of George H. W. Bush to succeed Hans Raffert. Under the Clinton administration, a group of prominent American chefs, led by Alice Waters, sent a letter to the White House urging an appointment of a chef who would "promote American cooking," although Chambrin stated that he was already using American ingredients and that his first concern was food quality. Ruth Reichl defended the chef in an article in the Los Angeles Times, calling him "enthusiastic about just about everything organic, and so excited by the idea of seasonality," and pointing out that it was not the norm for new administrations to appoint a new chef. In March 1994, however, Chambrin resigned after a push from the administration to impose newer health standards, specifically using food with less fat, a standard that Chambrin was unwilling to conform to. It was widely reported that he was asked to resign, although he says that this is not the case and it was his own decision. Chambrin's staff of three chefs left the White House with him. He was succeeded by Walter Scheib.
Later career.
Chambrin is currently the executive chef at the Saint Louis Club in St. Louis, Missouri. The Maitres Cuisiniers de France named him "Chef of the Year" in 2008.
Personal life.
Chambrin is married and has two children. He became a United States citizen in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31054657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054657" title="Charles Crosse">
Charles Crosse

Charles William Crosse (13 June 1854 – 28 May 1905) was an English sportsman who played international rugby union for England and first-class cricket. 
Crosse was capped twice for England, first against Scotland in 1874 and the other against Ireland a year later, both times as a forward.
In 1875, Crosse played a first-class cricket match for Oxford University. A right handed top order batsman, he made just five and eight in the only two innings of his first-class career. He also represented Scotland at cricket, playing a match against Yorkshire in 1878. Previously, he had played cricket while at Rugby School.

</doc>
<doc id="31054674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054674" title="Oklahoma-Kansas League">
Oklahoma-Kansas League

The Oklahoma-Kansas League was a six-team minor baseball league that existed in 1908. As its name indicates, it consisted of teams from Oklahoma and Kansas.
The teams in the league were the Bartlesville Boosters, Independence Jewelers, Iola Champs, McAlester Miners, Muskogee Redskins and Tulsa Oilers.
Notable players include Larry Cheney, Joe Kelly and Ray Powell. Long-time major league player Deacon White managed in the league.
Before the season ended, McAlister and Iola disbanded. Tulsa won the league finals.

</doc>
<doc id="31054675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054675" title="I'll Be Seeing You (Anne Murray album)">
I'll Be Seeing You (Anne Murray album)

"I'll Be Seeing You" is an album by Canadian artist Anne Murray. It was released by Straightway Records on October 19, 2004. The album was re-released as "All of Me" in 2005 with a bonus greatest hits disc included.

</doc>
<doc id="31054696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054696" title="Keeley-Frontier Mine">
Keeley-Frontier Mine

Keeley-Frontier Mine is a large abandoned mine in the ghost town of Silver Centre, Northeastern Ontario, Canada. It consists of two underground mines that were sunk below the surface. Keeley Mine was discovered in 1907 while Frontier Mine was constructed in 1921. The sixth level of Keeley Mine connected with Frontier Mine in 1962, creating the two compartment Keeley-Frontier Mine. In 1965, Keeley-Frontier Mine closed with a total production of of silver, of cobalt, of nickel and of copper.
Keeley-Frontier Mine is considered to have produced some of the finest silver wire specimens in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31054701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054701" title="Tarahi (volcano)">
Tarahi (volcano)

Tarahi is a 388 m high basaltic scoria cone, in the Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field in New Zealand. Northwest of Tarahi is a smaller, 350 m scoria cone, Haruru pā.

</doc>
<doc id="31054711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054711" title="Elaine School District">
Elaine School District

The Elaine School District #30 was a school district headquartered in Elaine, Arkansas. Its territory is now within the Marvell-Elaine School District.
In 2006 Elaine School District parents and students filed a lawsuit against the State of Arkansas, trying to prevent the school district from being merged with the Marvell School District.
Effective on July 1, 2006, the districts merged, with Elaine folding into the Marvell district, forming the Marvell Elaine School District.
When the district existed, it operated Lucilia Wood Elementary School and Elaine High School.

</doc>
<doc id="31054716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054716" title="Frontier Mine, Katanga">
Frontier Mine, Katanga

Frontier Mine is a copper mine in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) that was owned and operated by the Canadian mining company First Quantum Minerals. Operations are currently being restarted by the new owners, ENRC after a period of mining suspension. As of 2008, the mine had annual capacity of 84,000 tonnes of copper.
Location.
The mine is located from the Zambian border, near to the town of Sakania.
The main railway from the Zambian copperbelt to Lubumbashi in the DRC runs within of the site.
The area was explored in the 1930s, and Union Minière found copper in 1932. The area was further explored in the 1970s. Companies who have explored in the region include Anglo American and a joint venture between Sodimico and a Japanese group.
Development.
First Quantum obtained exploration licenses in January 2001 and July 2002. Production began in 2007, and in 2010 the mine yielded 322,700 tonnes of copper.
In August 2010 the DRC government seized Frontier, the largest copper mine in the country, saying First Quantum had been "unreasonable" in refusing to renegotiate the terms of the contract.
The government-owned company Sodimico was granted the titles to First Quantum's Frontier and Lonshi mines.
In August 2011 Sodimico said it had sold its share in the two copper projects for $30 million. 
This was less than a sixteenth of the estimated value of the stake. The purchaser was not named.
Re-Development and ENRC licence.
In July 2012 Eurasian Natural Resources Corp Plc was granted the mining licence at Frontier. ENRC had previously acquired First Quantum's plant and equipment remaining at the site as part of a settlement for First Quantum DRC assets. ENRC announced plans to recommence production as soon as possible.

</doc>
<doc id="31054717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054717" title="You and the Night and the Music (Mal Waldron album)">
You and the Night and the Music (Mal Waldron album)

You and the Night and the Music is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1983 and released by the Japanese Paddle Wheel label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 4 stars stating "High-caliber lineup". 

</doc>
<doc id="31054727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054727" title="PS Bungo">
PS Bungo

Persibut stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Bungo ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Bungo"). Persibut Bungo or PS Bungo is an Indonesian football club based in Bungo Regency, Jambi. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31054771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054771" title="All of Me (Anne Murray album)">
All of Me (Anne Murray album)

All of Me is a compilation album by Canadian artist Anne Murray. It was released by Straightway Records on January 25, 2005. The first disc was previously released as "I'll Be Seeing You" in 2004. "All of Me" peaked at number 13 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31054782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054782" title="Predstruge">
Predstruge

Predstruge () is a village southwest of Videm in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31054787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054787" title="Nehru Memorial College, Puthanampatti">
Nehru Memorial College, Puthanampatti

Nehru Memorial College, Puthanampatti is an Autonomous college affiliated to Bharathidasan University in Puthanampatti, Trichy, Tamil Nadu. The college is recognized by the University Grants Commission (India) under Sec 2(f) and 12(B) of the UGC Act, 1956.
The college offers numerous Undergraduate, Postgraduate courses besides Research & doctoral Studies in various disciplines with a special focus on Information Technology
The college is a trendsetter in introducing B.Sc Computer Science in the Arts and Science Colleges at national level as early as 1983 along with St.Joseph College, Trichy.
History.
The College was established in 1967 by the Philanthropist Shri M. Mooka Pillai and Inaugurated by the Chief Minister at the time of Tamil Nadu, Dr. C.N. Annadurai.
Departments.
NMC Puthanampatti has 12 departments.
Innovative Programme.
University Grants Commission has approved two year Post Graduate Degree Programme M.Sc Embedded Systems from the academic year 2012-2013.
The University Grants Commission sanctioned Rs 43.5 lakhs towards strengthening Laboratory Facilities.
Events.
NAAC Peer Team visited the college on September 12,13,14 2012 for accreditation
Physical Facilities and Infrastructure.
Teaching / Learning 
Hostel Facilities 
Library 
ICT Infrastructure 
Location.
The college is situated around 30 km from Trichy and 15 km from Thuraiyur.
The very nearest domestic airport and the Railway Junction is located at Trichy and the International airport is located at Chennai about 300 km from Puthanampatti.

</doc>
<doc id="31054794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054794" title="Passenger (Nico Touches the Walls album)">
Passenger (Nico Touches the Walls album)

"Passenger" is the third full-length album released by the band Nico Touches the Walls in Japan on April 6, 2011, through Ki/oon Records. The album features the hit single "Diver", the eighth opening song to the popular anime "Naruto Shippuden", the single "Sudden Death Game" and the song "Matryoshka" that was used as the opening theme for the anime "C". 
The album is available in a limited "CD+DVD" edition which features an exclusive documentary on the making of the album. It was announced that "Passenger" would also be released in the US, but no official American release date has been announced.
Title.
During the band’s split tour with "Flumpool", vocalist Mitsumura Tatsuya revealed the meaning of the name "Passenger" for the album: 
Releases and promotion.
The album contains most of the songs played during the 2010 tour "Michi Naki Michi", but the result of singles released from the album was only two. "Sudden Death Game" was the band's only release in 2010, that was announced as a single during the tour "Michi Naki Michi". "Diver" single was released on January 12, 2011, previously featured as the eighth opening for the anime Naruto Shippuuden months before.
Although a number of singles smaller than their previous albums, two promotional songs from "Passenger" were released: "Mosou taiin A" and "Matryoshka", chosen to be the opening for the anime C, aired in April 2011, by Fuji TV.
Chart position.
The album reached number 15 on the Oricon chart and number 16 on the Billboard Japan chart.
Tour.
On January 21, the band announced that they would be embarking on a nationwide tour titled "Nico Touches the Walls Tour 2011 Passenger: We Are Passionate Messenger”, in April, in order to promote their newest album. The tour began on April 13, in Chiba, counting twelve concerts at announcement time, added a few extra performances later.

</doc>
<doc id="31054813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31054813" title="Mediashopping">
Mediashopping

Mediashopping was an Italian shopping TV channel launched on September 30, 2005, that transmitted 24-hour in Italy on DTT channel 121 on Mux "Mediaset 2" and on digital satellite platform SKY Italia channel 808, whose origins go back to 1998 with the channel "H.O.T. Italia" became first "Home Shopping Europe" in 2001 and then "Canale D" in 2003.
Since March 1, 2011 the channel is replaced by ME become For you on June 6, 2011.
Mediashopping as a company.
Mediashopping S.p.A. is a company of Mediaset group, owner of the TV channel for you, until to March 1, 2011 called with the homonymous name.
Brand.
TV promotions with its own brand, still existing, are transmitted by the channel Mediaset, for shopping with phone and web.

</doc>
