<doc id="31232789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232789" title="Seoighe Inish Bearachain">
Seoighe Inish Bearachain

Seoighe Inish Bearachain was a name used for three Joyce cousins, John Bhabín Seoighe, Martín Coilín Seoighe and John William Seoighe who came from the island of Inis Bearachain, Lettermore, in Connemara in County Galway, Ireland. Both John Martín and Martín Cóilín were born on the island of Inish Bearachain (Irish: "Inis Bearachain"). The third member of the crew, John William, was born on the nearby island of Inse Gaine, but later moved to Inish Bearachain when he married there.
The Seoighe Cousins won many titles in the All-Ireland currach rowing championships known as the "Tóstal ". In the 1950s and early 1960s the Joyce cousins won a record four All-Ireland titles. Amongst these was the exceptional achievement of winning three years in a row in 1956, 1957 and 1958. They also won a fourth All-Ireland race in 1961. To compete in the Tóstal final teams had to win qualifying races in their own Gaeltacht regions. The Joyce cousins qualified in the Lettermore region and went on to the finals, which were held at Salthill in County Galway. 
The 1957 Tóstal final race was rerun because of the disqualification of all the teams except for the one from Clare Island. The Joyce cousins had won this first race, but the Tóstal committee claimed that only the Clare Island team ran the correct race course. After much complaint and debate the Tóstal committee decided that the race would be rerun in Kilkee, County Clare, in later weeks. The Seoighe cousins won the second race at Kilkee and were presented with the trophy by the then president of Ireland, Éamon de Valera.
During the years the Joyce cousins competed, the main Tóstal race attracted huge crowds, with over 50,000 spectators at Salthill one year. In a time before television it was a source of entertainment for people, and there was huge interest in the races, which were broadcast on the radio. Crowds thronged to Salthill with any form of transportation they could get; some walked, others came on bicycles, and a few came in cars and buses.
John William Seoighe.
John William Seoighe was born on the island of Inse Gaineamh in 1919.
John William Seoighe is also known as an experienced sailor of the traditional boat known as the Galway Hooker. John William and John Bhabín Seoighe were both involved in the turf or peat trade to the Aran Islands and County Clare. They used their own, Bláth na hÓige (Flower of Youth), to deliver the turf. The turf was loaded into the boats and brought to these areas to use as fuel, but in time lorries supplanted the boats.
In an interview on RTE Radio na Gaeltachta (Irish-language radio), Tom Sheáinín was asked by the presenter Máirtín Tom Sheáinín what he thought of the famous Galway hooker Saint Patrick. His reply became a commonly used saying for any thing or person that looks beautiful: "Ligfeadh an taoile tuile ort a' breathnú uirthi," which translated from Irish means: "One would let the tide come in while looking at it". He has been linked to the phrase ever since.
Mártín Cóilín Seoighe.
Mártín Cóilín Seoighe was born on the island of Inis Bearachain. Along with being a spectacular oarsman he used to sail in the Galway hooker.
He was a boat builder and built many currachs. He is known as one of the finest wooden oar makers in Ireland. He was the subject of a documentary shown on Irish-language television station TG4, titled "Mé Féin is mo Méit," which translates as "myself and my friend". This documentary showed him with his friend Coleman Kyne and told their stories of their life and times together at sea.
John Bhabín Seoighe.
John Bhabín Seoighe (1917 - April 2011) was born on the island of Inis Bearachain. When he married he moved to the mainland of Lettermore.
John Bhabín Seoighe, besides being an exceptional oarsman, was involved in the Galway hooker turf trade to the Aran islands and County Clare.
Inish Bearachain.
Inish Bearachain is an island off of the coast of Lettermore, Conemara, Ireland. It is part of an area known in Irish as
"na hoileáin" or "the islands," of which there are many, and with only some accessible by road. The main access point to the islands is at Béal an Dangain. Here there is a closed bridge, replacing a swing bridge which allowed big boats through. Inish Bearachain is not accessible by road. The origin of the name is uncertain, with some inhabitants believing that it came from a visit of the saint known as Saint Barra. Others believe it came from the Irish Barr an Chuain or "Top of the Bay".
Amhrán na Seoighe /Song of the Joyces.
Amhrán na Seoighe or the "Song of the Joyces" was written by the poet Val Donnachú from Cárna, Connemara, in praise of the Joyce cousins when they were winning races. A second song was inspired by a rumour there were three black men coming from the United States to compete in the Tóstal.<br>
<br>
Amhrán na Seoighe<br>
Ó, chonaic mise fir mhaith le m'aois agus le m'oige <br>
Ní fhaca mé triúr fear a chinnfeadh ar na Seoighe ,<br>
Tá bua na tíre anois acu le currachaí is le báid seolta,<br>
Mar chruthaigh siad le honóir é istigh i nGaillimh ag an Tóstal.
Is a Seoighe Inis Bearachain nár laga Dia go deo sibh,<br>
Nach mór an chliú do Ghaillimh is do phobal Leitir Móir sibh,<br>
Mar rinne currach chanbháis ba luaichte ná an ghaoth Mhárta,<br>
'Déanamh míle ins gach nóiméad in aghaidh farraigí 'gus gála.
Ní airím dream ar bith ag caint ach Ciarraí is a naomhóg,<br>
Ach fanaidís sa mbaile is ná tagadís arís ann,<br>
Mar ní fhaca mise triúr fear is ní bréag é seo ná magadh,<br>
Bhí in ann dul chun farraige le Seoighe Chonamara.
Ó ní déarfaidh mé tada eile 'nois ach críochnóidh mé an t-ámhrán ,<br>
Nach mór an t-údar onóir é dhá bhfuil ins an deoise,<br>
Ba chóir dhóibh tinte cnámha 'dhéanamh thart timpeall leis na cóstaí,<br>
In ómós do na gaiscígh 'thug an bhratach leo ón tóstal.

</doc>
<doc id="31232794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232794" title="Faraj">
Faraj

Faraj is a given name for males. People named Faraj include:

</doc>
<doc id="31232805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232805" title="2008 California Statewide Truck and Bus Rule">
2008 California Statewide Truck and Bus Rule

The California Statewide Truck and Bus Rule was initially adopted in December 2008 by the California Air Resources Board (CARB) and requires all heavy-duty diesel trucks and buses that operate in California to retrofit or replace engines in order to reduce diesel emissions. All privately and federally owned diesel-fueled trucks and buses, and privately and publicly owned school buses with a gross vehicle weight rating (GVWR) greater than 14,000 pounds, are covered by the regulation.
Implementation was originally scheduled for January 1, 2011 but recent amendments were considered in December 2010. The rule now requires the installation of particulate matter filters beginning January 1, 2012 and replacement of older engines beginning January 1, 2015. Nearly all applicable vehicles are required to have 2010 model year or the equivalent to 2010 engines by January 1, 2023.
Background.
Diesel exhaust particulate matter (PM) was identified as a toxic air contaminant by the Air Resources Board in 1998 after study results showed its potential to cause cancer, premature death, and other health problems. Two years later, in September 2000, the Air Resources Board adopted the "Risk Reduction Plan to Reduce Particulate Matter Emissions from Diesel-Fueled Engines and Vehicles" which committed to establish retrofit requirements for in-use diesel vehicles to reduce diesel particulate matter 75 percent by 2010 and 85 percent by 2020. In 2007 the Air Resources Board then adopted a State Implementation Plan (SIP) which requires heavy-duty in-use diesel trucks operating in the South Coast and San Joaquin Valley to be retrofitted to meet model year 2007 emission levels by 2014 and 2017, respectively. The State Implementation Plan was implemented to help California's Air Quality Control Regions (AQCR) meet the requirements of the Federal Clean Air Act and also aims to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions (NOx) and ozone in the state. This regulation is the next step to help the Air Resources Board achieve their goal to reduce diesel particulate matter.
With the new amendments in place, diesel emissions are estimated to be 68 percent lower than they would be without the regulation, and emissions of the smog-forming pollutant, nitrogen oxide, will be 25 percent lower. The regulation also aims to save lives and dollars spent on health care. The Air Resources Board estimates that the reduction in diesel emissions is expected to save 9,400 lives within the 11 year time frame and reduce health care costs, with an estimated savings between US$48 billion and $69 billion. By the time the rule is fully implemented in 2023, no truck or bus more than 13 years old will be allowed to operate in California without particulate matter and nitrogen oxide emissions controls.
Support.
The Bus and Truck Rule is considered by the Air Resources Board and other organizations such as the Union of Concerned Scientists and the Environmental Defense Fund as a win-win for the State of California: reducing global greenhouse gas emissions, reducing fuel use, providing fuel and operating cost-savings for truck owners, and reducing smog-forming pollution, in addition to providing human health benefits. According to the Union of Concerned Scientists, the retrofits could reduce global warming pollution by 17 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) by 2020 and a net savings of $30,000 over the life of one long-range truck. In addition to reducing air pollution, this regulation is thought to have helped broaden and strengthen the environmental movement in California.
Opposition.
On February 15, 2011 the California Dump Truck Owners Association (CDTOA) which changed its name to the California Construction Trucking Association (CCTA) on January 2012, filed suit against CARB, stating the Truck and Bus Rule is "unconstitutional as it is preempted by the Federal Aviation Authorization Act (FAAAA) and seeks an injunction prohibiting CARB from enforcing the rule". The FAAAA, enacted in 1994 by the U.S. Congress, "prohibits any state or any political subdivision from enacting or enforcing any regulation related to the price, route, or service of a motor carrier".
The California Dump Truck Owners Association also expresses concerns about the regulation because of the costs to retrofit or replace engines and the economic impact it will have on small business owners whose livelihood relies on the income generated by their trucks. Many of the Association's members work closely with the construction industry therefore business is already slow during this economic depression. The Association has alerted the Air Resources Board that many small businesses will close down if they can't afford to comply with the regulation.
The science which supports the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Air Resources Board's conclusions about the health impacts of diesel particulate matter are also disputed. The conclusions being made to protect human health are considered "exaggerated" and not supported by other research in the field, there are also claims that the Environmental Protection Agency and the Air Resources Board did not correctly calculate all the necessary cancer risks in order to properly regulate diesel emissions.
Other Key Legal Actions & Dates: 
On October 30, 2013 CCTA received an order from the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeal denying its motion for reconsideration of the ‘en banc’ (full court) petition to review the EPA’s determination and approval of the California State Implementation Plan or SIP. This was a longshot based on the timing issues, as the SIP was ‘stealthily’ filed and approved during the litigation against CARB. Related to this is a petition directly to EPA for reconsideration of the approval of the SIP by EPA – again all ‘surreptitiously’ done during direct litigation. This challenge is more an exercise of thoroughness than legal utility. The CCTA's main legal action or FAAAA argument claim, stating that state law (CARB regulations) violates federal law is also on Appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court. The appeal of Judge England’s order saying that "he no longer had authority over the case" is still pending and will be appealed ultimately to the U.S. Supreme Court.
1/16/12 – CCTA files a Notice to Appeal with the 9th Circuit Court. View Appeal
2012
12/19/12 – Judges England renders decision. Does not address any elements of our complaint but instead states that “it cannot retain jurisdiction over this action in light of EPA’s approval of the Truck and Bus Regulation as part of California’s SIP”. EPA is now considered an indispensable party to our litigation. View Decision (130.3 kB 2013-01-17 15:57:28). 
9/6/12 – Final hearing on our request for relief under the Supremacy Clause (decision pending shortly).
7/19/12 – Court orders second round of supplemental briefing, at issue is whether EPA’s SIP adoption makes it an indispensable party
5/31/12 – Court orders supplemental briefs regarding EPA adoption of the SIP (Supplemental briefing completed by 7/12/12)
5/21/12 – Court orders on its own motion the case is stayed indefinitely (MSJ still pending)
2/8/12 – Eve of hearing on MSJ, matter ordered submitted without oral argument
1/30/12 – Order denying preliminary injunction
1/18/12 – Hearing on Summary Judgment continued to 2/9/12
2011
12/15/11 – Hearing on preliminary injunction
11/15/11 – CDTOA Motion for preliminary injunction (a secondary lawsuit)
7/5/11 – CDTOA Motion for Summary Judgment (MSJ); Hearing originally set for 9/6/11, but continued to 1/26/12 to permit discovery
Regulation.
Section 2025 of the rule states that "The purpose of this regulation is to reduce emissions of diesel particulate matter (PM), oxides of nitrogen (NOx) and other criteria pollutants, and greenhouse gases from in-use diesel-fueled vehicles". All fleet owners, with the exception of small fleets, have three options to comply with the regulation: 
These regulations apply to any business, person, federal government agency or school district that owns, operates, sells or runs vehicles operated on diesel-fuel.
The requirements of the regulation are as follows under section 2025:
Vehicles that are exempt from the regulation include:
Fleet compliance assistance tools.
In order to assist truck owners to meet the standards of the regulation, the Air Resources Board provides compliance tools on their website. An Excel spreadsheet called the “Fleet Calculator” assists owners to comply with the truck and bus rule. The owners can determine what type of compliance options may be available by inputting engine model year and emission control technology assumptions into the calculator. The tool follows regulation amendments, and a hotline has been set up for fleet owners called the Air Resources Board’s Diesel Hotline.
Reporting.
The system utilized for reporting is the Truck Regulations Upload and Compliance Reporting System (TRUCRS). Reporting guidelines are not required until 2012, however fleets can take advantage of Agricultural Vehicle Provisions or to meet requirements for Tier 0 auxiliary engines in street sweepers. By April 29, 2011, these previously mentioned two-engine street sweepers have to start reporting hourly meter readings beginning January 1, 2011. In order to meet these guidelines, reports can be made online or in paper format. Also by April 29, 2011, those fleets that reported Agricultural Provisions in the previous year can update their January 1, 2011 odometer readings in order to qualify for Agricultural Vehicle Provisions. Annual reporting will be mandatory as of January 31, 2012.
All fleet owners may submit reporting materials using paper or electronic forms reporting annually until the expiration of requirements or until the year after Best Available Control Technology. Owner contact and vehicle information including but not limited to type, gross vehicle weight rating and model year are mandatory as a part of reporting. Engine information, verified diesel emission control strategies (VDECS), and highest available VDECS must also be submitted into reporting. Low-use vehicles, fleets claiming vehicle retirement credits, school bus fleets/sub-fleets, agricultural fleets, vehicles exempt from NOx BACT and emergency support vehicles have their own specified reporting conditions which coincide and build onto the overall reporting requirements.
All reports must submit compliance certification signed by a responsible official or a designee to confirm that the reporting is accurate prior to submission to the executive officer. If there are any changes since the last reporting, the responsible party must report it to the executive officer. These changes include vehicles that may be removed or added to the fleet or those vehicles that have recently been repowered or retrofitted. New fleet reporting for those that elect to use the Best Available Control Technology percent limits must also submit information to the executive officer. By January 31 of each year, owners must submit information regarding claiming compliance extensions for manufacturer delays including the date of purchase of verified diesel emission control strategies, date the vehicle was placed into service, the date of removal from service, and identification of vehicle that was replaced.
Exhaust retrofits.
Operators of diesel vehicles and equipment must install Diesel Emission Control Strategies (DECS) to new and existing engines in order to comply with the regulation. DECS are technology-based retrofits that reduce pollutants from diesel exhaust before they are released into the air. A commonly used DECS technology is the diesel particulate filter which serves as a substitution for an engine's original factory muffler. All Diesel Emission Control Strategies must be verified and approved by the Air Resources Board to ensure proper particulate matter and nitrogen oxide reductions will be met.
Health impacts.
Diesel truck emissions include smog-forming nitrogen oxide and are the largest source of diesel particulate matter which is known to cause harm to the lungs, the immune system, the heart and cardiovascular system, and the developing brain. Seventy percent of California’s risk for cancer from airborne toxics in 2000 was attributed to diesel particulate matter. In 2004 it was estimated that premature death rates from diesel pollution would supersede the death rates from homicides that year. It is projected that reducing emissions today would prevent 11,000 premature deaths and 16,000 hospital admissions by 2020. The cost-benefit analysis of reducing diesel pollution concluded with the results that small costs of pollution cleanup can drastically cut health-related costs, such as reduced hospitalization.
The areas of California with the highest health related risks in exposure to diesel pollution are those that are the most densely populated air basins. Half of California’s diesel pollution illnesses occur in the South Coast. 45% of the State's population resides here, and they breathe 30% of particulate matter and nitrogen oxide (NOx). The South Coast’s projected cost of health impacts is totaled at $10.2 billion per year. The San Francisco Bay Area is the second most highly affected region in California taking in 17% of the state’s diesel pollution. The estimated health related costs for the Bay Area are $3.7 billion per year.

</doc>
<doc id="31232841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232841" title="Monsanto Co. v. Geertson Seed Farms">
Monsanto Co. v. Geertson Seed Farms

Monsanto Co. vs. Geertson Seed Farms is a U.S. Supreme Court case decided 7-1 in favor of Monsanto. The decision allowed Monsanto to sell genetically modified alfalfa seeds to farmers, and allowed farmers to plant them, grow crops, harvest them, and sell the crop into the food supply. The case came about because the use of the seeds was approved by regulatory authorities; the approval was challenged in district court by Geertson Seed Farms and other groups who were concerned that the genetically modified alfalfa would spread too easily, and the challengers won. Monsanto appealed the district court decision and lost, and appealed again to the Supreme Court, where Monsanto won, thus upholding the original approval and allowing the seeds to be sold.
In 2005 the United States Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) deregulated Monsanto's Roundup-ready alfalfa (RRA) based on an Environmental Assessment (EA) of Monsanto's RRA. In 2006, Geertson Seed Farm and others filed suit in a California district court against the APHIS' deregulation of RRA. The district court disallowed APHIS' deregulation of RRA and issued an injunction against any new planting of RRA pending the preparation of a much more extensive Environmental Impact Statement (EIS). The court also refused to allow a partial deregulation.
After losing an appeal at the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, Monsanto and others appealed against this decision to the U.S. Supreme Court in 2009. In 2010 the Supreme Court reversed the lower court's decision to bar partial deregulation of RRA pending completion of the EIS. They stated that before a court disallows a partial deregulation, a plaintiff must show that it has suffered irreparable injury. "The District Court abused its discretion in enjoining APHIS from effecting a partial deregulation and in prohibiting the planting of RRA pending the agency’s completion of its detailed environmental review." The Supreme court did not consider the district court's ruling disallowing RRA's deregulation and consequently RRA was still a regulated crop waiting for APHIS's completion of an EIS. At the time, both sides claimed victory. This was the first ruling of the United States Supreme Court on genetically engineered crops.
Background.
As of 2010, alfalfa is the 4th largest cash crop and grows on approximately of land throughout the United States. This crop is grown for two primary purposes; hay for livestock consumption and seed for future stock. Alfalfa undergoes open pollination, and many farmers that grow organic and commercial alfalfa were concerned about the potential of cross pollination occurring between the genetically modified alfalfa and non-genetically modified alfalfa.
APHIS, a branch of the United States Department of Agriculture, has the right to regulate any organism and product that is altered or created by genetic engineering. They use the precautionary principle when addressing genetically modified organisms. They are considered to be plant pests under the Plant Protection Act (PPA) and are therefore regulated articles. Anyone can choose to petition the regulated status of a genetically modified organism. APHIS is then required to perform an Environmental Impact Statement ( EIS) under the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). If in an Environmental Assessment (EA), no significant environmental impact is found, no EIS is required.
The petitioners, Monsanto, are the owners and licensee which have the intellectual property rights to RRA, and license the technology to Forage Genetics, who developed of the Roundup Ready alfalfa seed . Monsanto petitioned in April, 2004 for the deregulation RRA to APHIS. The APHIS has three options:
In 2005, APHIS decided to prepare a draft Environmental Assessment and allowed for public comments. The APHIS received a total of 663 comments and only 137 were supportive of the APHIS decision to deregulate RRA. The opposers, all 537 of them, were mainly organic and conventional farmers who feared that cross pollination would occur and would have economic effects on the alfalfa market. APHIS released its EA, finding that RRA would not have any significant adverse impacts on the environment. The APHIS stated how alfalfa is pollinated by bees and that pollination has been documented to occur up to from a pollen source. Therefore, the EA concluded that it was highly unlikely RRA would have a significant impact on non-GMO/organic farms.
In February 2006, the plaintiff's, see (parties) below, filed a suit stating that the APHIS violated NEPA. The district court told APHIS they had failed to take a in depth look of RRA and the potential for genetic contamination. Monsanto and Forage Genetics argued that many famers have already purchased and planted RRA seeds for the new harvest. This led to a preliminary injunction of RRA of all seeds and sales would cease after March 30, 2007, pending a permanent injunction.
In April 2007 a permanent injunction was granted. In 2008, Monsanto and APHIS appealed to the Ninth Circuit. The Ninth Circuit came to the same conclusion as the district court. The defendants' appealed, and on April 27, 2010 this case was argued in front of the United States Supreme Court.
Parties.
This case arose from the 2005 decision made by the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS), an arm of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). APHIS ( the defendant) performs a variety of services and is tasked with both protecting and promoting U.S. agricultural health and regulating genetically modified organisms. The APHIS has the ability to regulate any genetically engineered product that plant pest or believed to be plant pest.
Monsanto ( the defendant-intervenors), is a corporation that manufactures several different chemicals, including many pesticides and herbicides. It wasn't until Monsanto petitioned to deregulate its Roundup Ready Alfalfa to various species of alfalfa that a problem arose. The APHIS responded favorably to this request, but the deregulation was put on hold when two alfalfa farmers:
the Center For Food Safety, and other environmental groups sought a permanent injunction barring APHIS from deregulating RRA until a final Environmental Impact Statement was completed.
Granting of certiorari.
Certiorari was granted January 15, 2010.
Issues.
The Supreme Court had two questions it needed to answer to issue a ruling in this case;
It was noted that no party challenged the fact that APHIS had violated NEPA and that the vacatur was within the District Court's legal prerogative.
Decision.
Standing.
Geertson challenged Monsanto’s standing by claiming that it did not fulfill the injury requirement for standing. The court held that Monsanto did have standing because the two parties disagree in large part on the decision made by the lower court not to accept the proposal from APHIS for partial deregulation after the full deregulation was vacated. Had the court only vacated the APHIS deregulation decision because it did not perform an EIS, APHIS would have then partially deregulated RRA, allowing for sale and cultivation. The injunction in addition to the vacatur, would not allow for the sale or cultivation of RRA until the EIS had been completed. This, in the court’s opinion, constituted injury. The court also held that because Monsanto is only challenging the injunction, the part of the judgment that causes damages resulting in injury, it had standing.
District Court's Injunction.
The Supreme Court stated that the District Court only addresses a complete deregulation of RRA pending the completion of an EIS from the APHIS.
In addition, in order to grant a permanent injunction four factors must be satisfied:
The Supreme Court ruled that the District Court erred by imposing a nationwide injunction, banning APHIS from partially deregulating RRA because all four factors could not be met, particularly, the irrecoverable injury factor. It was also held that a NEPA violation does not warrant automatic injunctive relief.
The Supreme Court also stated that if a partial deregulation presents further danger to the respondents, they may file another suit for injunctive relief. The respondents could not prove that partial deregulation would cause irreparable harm. These two findings held by the court show that the respondents could not prove irreparable harm, one of the four factors necessary for injunctive relief.
In addition, the Supreme Court found that the District Court further erred in issuing injunctive relief because it preempted APHIS's ability to enact a partial deregulation that may not "pose any appreciable risk of environmental harm. " It was also held that because the District Court did not consider the use of a less extraordinary measure to relieve the injury claimed by Geertson, the injunction was inappropriate. The second factor, that there must be no other option available to the court to remedy the injury could not be met because the vacatur would have prevented the complete deregulation.
Dissent.
In his dissent, Stevens wrote that the majority decision was based on an incorrect understanding of the District Court decision, namely, an understanding that "the District Court enjoined APHIS from partially deregulating RRA in any sense" and in doing so, the District Court had exceed its authority. Stevens did not accept that reading, finding that the District Court Decision addressed "only (1) total deregulation orders of the kind that spawned this lawsuit, and (2) the particular partial deregulation order proposed to the court by APHIS." The majority's understanding and its implications were not the subject of briefs nor extended arguments, and Stevens therefore dissented because "the key legal premise on which the Court decides this case was never adequately presented. Of course, this is not standard — or sound — judicial practice... Today’s decision illustrates why, for it is quite unclear whether the Court’s premise is correct, and the Court has put itself in the position of deciding legal issues without the aid of briefing."
In Stevens' dissent, he maintained that the injunction was warranted because there was a clear danger that cross contamination could happen, even in controlled settings, and that APHIS's ability to regulate and prevent this contamination was limited.

</doc>
<doc id="31232844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232844" title="Ferroviário Esporte Clube (Serra Talhada)">
Ferroviário Esporte Clube (Serra Talhada)

Ferroviário Esporte Clube, commonly known as Ferroviário-ST, is a Brazilian football club based in Serra Talhada, Pernambuco state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on September 15, 1979. Ferroviário-ST won the Campeonato Pernambucano Second Level in 1997.
Stadium.
Ferroviário Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Nildo Pereira de Menezes, nicknamed "Pereirão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31232852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232852" title="Internal Security Service">
Internal Security Service

Internal Security Service (ISS) (), is the national security intelligence agency of Oman. The agency focuses solely upon domestic security while foreign intelligence operations is handled by the Royal Office, which controls external security and coordinates all intelligence and security policies.
The stated overall purpose of ISS is to investigates all matters related to internal security. 

</doc>
<doc id="31232857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232857" title="Zayarthiri Stadium">
Zayarthiri Stadium

Zayarthiri Stadium () is a new multi-use stadium in Naypyidaw, Myanmar. It has a capacity of 30,000 spectators. Having completed in 2012, it is used mostly for football and athletics competitions. It also hosted men's football tournament for the 2013 Southeast Asian Games. It was built along with Zabuthiri Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="31232858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232858" title="List of earthquakes in Colombia">
List of earthquakes in Colombia

This is a list of earthquakes in Colombia, the most recent quake was registered in Nariño in 2013. Colombia is a seismically active country and has a large seismic risk due to its location on the Pacific Ring of Fire.
List of notable earthquakes.
Magnitudes - Mw Moment magnitude scale, ML Richter magnitude scale, Ms Surface wave magnitude, ? Unknown Scale

</doc>
<doc id="31232859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232859" title="Crataegus pycnoloba">
Crataegus pycnoloba

Crataegus pycnoloba is a species of hawthorn native to the mountains of the northern and central Peloponnesus of Greece. The plant is a shrub or rarely a small tree. The fruit are red or dark reddish brown when immature, but later develop a yellow background colour. 

</doc>
<doc id="31232874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232874" title="Cheyenne (film)">
Cheyenne (film)

Cheyenne is a 1947 film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Dennis Morgan and Jane Wyman.
Plot.
Jim Wylie is a gambler in Laramie, Wyoming Territory who is wanted by the Nevada law. He gets a proposal from a Wells Fargo agent; if he can help locate a bandit known as "The Poet" who has been robbing stagecoaches, all pending charges will be dropped and Jim can even claim a cash reward.
His stage to Cheyenne has a pair of female passengers, Ann Kincaid and saloon singer Emily Carson, when their coach is ambushed by the Sundance Kid and his gang. But when he opens the strongbox, Sundance is furious to find nothing but a mocking poem from The Poet.
Jim pretends to be The Poet to infiltrate his gang. What he doesn't know is that Ann is married to the notorious outlaw. She goes along with the ruse to see where it leads. Her husband, the real Poet, is actually Ed Landers, a trusted Wells Fargo employee, who promises to pull one last job and then get away with Ann safely to San Francisco.
Sundance is once again foiled on a job by the Poet getting there first, and three of Sundance's men are killed. He realizes that Ann has double-crossed him. Jim confides to Landers his true identity, not realizing Landers is the man he's after. Landers promptly tells Cheyenne's sheriff that Jim is not just pretending to be the Poet, but actually him.
Ann detects a whiff of perfume on Landers that she recognizes. It is Emily's, proof to Ann that her lying, thieving husband plans to take Emily away to San Francisco instead of her. On his next holdup attempt, Landers is shot dead by Jim.
All is well until Jim is told that unless he can also recover The Poet's stolen money, there will be no reward. He is dejected until Ann, leaving town on the stage, tosses him two sacks filled with money. A delighted Jim gallops off to catch up with her.

</doc>
<doc id="31232875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232875" title="Pelican Park">
Pelican Park

Pelican Park can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31232893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232893" title="Magway Stadium">
Magway Stadium

Magway Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Magway, Burma. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Magway FC of the Myanmar National League. The stadium has a capacity of 7,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31232896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232896" title="One Sunday Afternoon (1948 film)">
One Sunday Afternoon (1948 film)

One Sunday Afternoon is a 1948 musical film directed by Raoul Walsh, and starring Dennis Morgan and Janis Paige. 
The film is based on James Hagan's play of the same name, which was produced on Broadway in 1933. It was the play's third film adaptation. The first, 1933 adaptation starred Gary Cooper. The second was "The Strawberry Blonde" (1941); it starred James Cagney and Olivia DeHavilland, and was also directed by Walsh. While the plot of the third adaptation is the same as the others, it does have a significant number of changes. 
Production.
This film is a musical remake of the "The Strawberry Blonde" (1941), with some updates like an automobile for the first date instead of a horse and carriage. The tunes include "In My Merry Oldsmobile". Dennis Morgan stars in the leading role James Cagney had played in the earlier version, with Don DeFore in the role of the pseudo friend previously played by Jack Carson.

</doc>
<doc id="31232903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232903" title="President's Bedroom">
President's Bedroom

The President's Bedroom is a second floor bedroom in the White House. The bedroom makes up the White House master suite along with the adjacent sitting room and the smaller dressing room, all located in the southwest corner. Prior to the Ford Administration it was common for the President and First Lady to have separate bedrooms. Until then this room was used mostly as the First Lady's bedroom, however it was the sleeping quarters for President Lincoln.
The dressing room in the southwest corner of the suite has historically served as the First Lady's dressing room, study, or bedroom and has a walk-in closet and bathroom. The suite is also served by a walk-through closet leading to the bedroom, which also has a large bathroom.
The room currently used as a living room, immediately west of the Yellow Oval Room, was historically used as the president's private bedroom until the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="31232917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232917" title="The Struggle Continues (Link 80 album)">
The Struggle Continues (Link 80 album)

The Struggle Continues is the third album by the punk band Link 80. It was released on CD and 12" vinyl by Asian Man Records in 2000. 
It is the first Link 80 album without Nick Traina and Matt Bettinelli-Olpin, who were replaced by Ryan Noble and Adam Davis, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31232918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232918" title="Glory Alley">
Glory Alley

Glory Alley is a 1952 film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Ralph Meeker and Leslie Caron.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $426,000 in the US and Canada and $181,000 overseas, resulting in a loss of $621,000.

</doc>
<doc id="31232928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232928" title="Ferroviário Esporte Clube">
Ferroviário Esporte Clube

Ferroviário Esporte Clube, commonly known as Ferroviário, is a Brazilian football club based in São Luís, Maranhão state.
History.
The club was founded on September 10, 1941. Ferroviário won the Campeonato Maranhense in 1957, 1958, 1971, and in 1973.
Stadium.
Ferroviário Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Nhozinho Santos. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 16,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31232932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232932" title="List of Luther episodes">
List of Luther episodes

"Luther" is a British psychological crime drama television series that was broadcast on BBC One in the UK between 4 May 2010 and 23 July 2013. A total of 14 episodes were produced. 
The series is about DCI John Luther, played by Idris Elba, a highly talented detective working in London to solve a series of high profile murders. Co-stars include Ruth Wilson as Alice Morgan, Warren Brown as DS Justin Ripley, Steven Mackintosh as DCI Ian Reed and Saskia Reeves as DSU Rose Teller. As the series progresses Nikki Amuka-Bird joins as the recently promoted DCI Erin Gray, Dermot Crowley stars as DSU Martin Schenk with Michael Smiley as Benny 'Deadhead' Silver. The main cast is then expanded to include David O'Hara as DSU George Stark, and Sienna Guillory as Luther’s new love interest, Mary Day. Further guest stars include Lucian Msamati and Ned Dennehy.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31232951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232951" title="List of Acts of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament">
List of Acts of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament

This is a list of the laws and acts passed by the Western Cape Provincial Parliament, the legislature of the Western Cape province of South Africa. From 1994 to 1997 the parliament's enactments were known as "Laws"; since then they have been called "Acts".

</doc>
<doc id="31232965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232965" title="Elissa (singer)">
Elissa (singer)

Elissar Zakaria Khoury ( (born in Deir el Ahmar, Lebanon on October 27, 1972) commonly known as Elissa () is a Lebanese singer. She is known for her collaborations with well-known Arab and international artists, notably Ragheb Alama, Cheb Mami, Fadl Shaker, Chris DeBurgh and Gérard Ferrer.
She is now considered one of the top singers of the Middle East.
Born to a Lebanese father (Zakaria Khoury) and a Syrian mother (Youmna Suud), her debut was in 1992 in "Studio El Fan", a popular music competition where she won a silver medal. Her debut album in 1999 was "Baddi Doub" on EMI followed by "W'akherta Ma'ak" and "Ayshalak". In 2004, she signed with the major pan-Arab label Rotana Records, with "Ahla Donya" being the debut on the new label, followed by "Bastanak", "Ayami Beek" and "Tsadaq Bmein". Elissa's 8th studio album "As'ad Wahda" was released on June 25, 2012.
Elissa is an active social media member and a vivid literature fan. She enjoys the works of Khalil Gibran and Palestinian-Canadian writer Chaker Khazaal
Biography.
Elissa was born in Deir Al-Ahmar and raised in Bekaa Valley, a land known for its fertile landscape and infamous history. At the age of 10, Elissa began participating in social events and had a role in the kids' festival at Mont la Salle, which was hosted by Sandy Oshakji. As she grew up, her passion developed and she grew more and more involved in the art scene by acting in theater plays, namely with well-known songwriter Wassim Tabbara and later, with the "Théâtre de 10 Heures". Having studied Political Science at the Lebanese University, she had a natural knack for her first play's tendency for political critique, and her talent, though in its infancy, left a lasting impressing on that initial audience. Her theatrical beginnings opened way for her to experiment with other modes of expression and soon found herself singing in front of audiences. In 1992, she participated and won a Silver Medal in "Studio Al Fan". The show was broadcast on LBCI, one of the best known TV stations in the Middle East. Following this success, Elissa began performing in concerts, driven by her tireless determination until 1999, when Lido Productions released her first album, "Baddy Doub", distributed by EMI. Elissa’s debut on the commercial music scene was an event of considerable significance. The album was a success, and featured a smash hit with famous French gypsy artist, Gerard Ferrer. The release of "Baddy Doub" brought the musical talent straight to Cannes, where she participated in the International Music Festival of 2000. Following her success at the International Music Festival, Elissa released her second album, "We Akhertha Maak", which included the immense hit duet, "Betghib Betrouh", sung with Lebanese superstar Ragheb Alama. The emerging singer’s third album, "Ayshalak", was also quite successful and its musical quality was considered a big leap forward in her music career. In the making of "Ayshalak", Elissa took advantage of the significant momentum gained during her previous two albums and managed to surpass expectations at an amazing rate. The video clip of the album’s hit single and namesake was filmed in Paris, directed by French director Fabrice Begotti. Elissa was officially dressed and made up by Christian Dior Paris for the video, marking the first time Dior collaborated with an Arabic artist. Hot on the heels of the well-received third album, Elissa teamed up with the world-famous Irish singer Chris De Burgh. The collaboration of these two talents resulted in the duet, "Lebanese Nights". The hit song was included on De Burgh’s 2002 album, "Time is Everything". 2002 brought Elissa more consecration as she was awarded with the Murex d'Or award for Best Female Artist. And her, "Ajmal Ihsas" clip won the best video clip at the Arabic Music Awards, which took place in Dubai. To top off a successful year, Elissa was also included in the anthology book, "100 Pioneers of Lebanon". The singer was celebrated alongside artists such as Fairuz, Wadih El-Safi, and many other celebrities who have left their everlasting mark on the Lebanese cultural, political and social landscape. Elissa’s fourth album, "Ahla Donia", recorded with Super Audio System, was released in May 2004. It broke record sales around the Middle East and the beloved artist won the World Music Award for Best Selling Middle East Artist. As a result, Elissa was recognized as the first Lebanese to win the award and went on to win the Murex d’Or for not only Best Lebanese Singer, but also Best Video Clip for her hit song, "Hobak Wajaa". At the time, the technique of using Super Audio was the latest innovation in sound technology and it was the first time a Middle Eastern artist used such superior sound technology. Artists who had previously relied on the Super Audio System included: Sting, Andrea Bocelli and Pink Floyd. Elissa’s fifth album, "Bastanak", confirmed her status as one of the best female musicians emerging from the Middle East as she reined in yet another World Music Award for Best Selling Middle East Artist. International photographer Mathias Clamer, who also worked on Elissa’s previous album, did the CD’s photo-shoot. Elissa’s sixth and seventh albums, "Ayami Beek" (December 20, 2007), which reached number one for more than three months and remains in the charts today, and "Tesadaa Bemeen" (December 26, 2009), continued the singer’s success. Nearly two weeks after "Tesadaa Bemeen’s" release, the album immediately became the best selling album in the history of Rotana, as well as the most successful in Elissa’s career. The widely well-received album skyrocketed to the number one spot as it sold record quantities in Lebanon, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan and the rest of the Middle East. "Tesadaa Bemeen" was Elissa’s album that received the most awards and compensation. In the eyes of her fans and the music industry, Elissa’s new release was far from disappointing, and reached the number one spot in France’s largest music store, Fnac, in the Musique du Monde section. Elissa received her third World Music Award Big Apple Award, Jordan Music Award, Middle East Music Award and many others for "Tesadaa Bemeen". "Tesadaa Bemeen" includes thirteen songs between Lebanese and Egyptian dialects created from Elissa’s numerous collaborations with a handful of renowned writers, composers and music arrangers. For the album’s glamorous artwork, international photographer Matthias Clamer photographed Elissa on location at Pena National Palace in Sintra, Portugal. The singer has surpassed expectations and risen above the rest of her generation’s talented celebrities, achieving full-fledged star-status. Elissa is more than just a shooting star; she’s a monumental icon whose mark on the Lebanese, Middle Eastern and international commercial music scene will undoubtedly push boundaries and stand the test of time. Elissa is passionate about her work and remains inspired by her audience. This passion shines through in her many notable events. Since the first album, "Baddy Doub", which was released in 1999 and brought her considerable success and a spot in the International Music Festival of Cannes in 2000, Elissa has been ever-gradually rising to the top. In 2001, she took part in Jordan’s "Fiesta Latina". She also performed at the great pyramids of Egypt with British luminary Sting. Additionally, she was the only Arabic artist to perform in front of former United States President Bill Clinton at the Stars Charity show in Dubai. She was among global idols like Queen Rania of Jordan and the Crown Prince of Dubai Sheikh Mohamed Bin Rachid El Maktoum. In 2002, Elissa took the local music scene by storm when she sang with world-famous Irish singer Chris De Burgh. Their smash hit duet, "Lebanese Night" was written by De Burgh during a trip to Lebanon two years previous. The Irish wunderkind was inspired to write the song when he spent a starry evening dining at the famous restaurant Abdel Wahab. De Burgh chose Elissa as a partner to perform the magical song with him. The song was recorded and produced by Chris Porter, the legend responsible for a multitude of hits by international artists such as George Michael and Robbie Williams. That year brought substantial success for Elissa, as she went on to win the Murex d’Or award for Best Female Artist. And without fail, 2002 ended just as prominently as it started when Elissa was called upon to inaugurate the opening of Kuwait’s Virgin Megastore with Sir Richard Branson, the founder of the famous stores. The opening of Virgin-Cairo followed the prestigious event in Kuwait. Her clip, "Ajmal Ihsas" won an Arabic Music Award for Best Video Clip in Dubai and Elissa’s long-winded, successful run continued into 2003, when she signed a deal with Pepsi. The contract with Pepsi, a soda drink close to the singer’s heart, made Elissa the official female star for Pepsi in the Arab world. She filmed the advertisement for Pepsi X in Spain and in 2004 the singer filmed the regular Pepsi commercial advertisement in Rome with world-renowned director Roger Spottiswood. Subsequently, the Lebanese starlet shot two advertisements with American pop star Christina Aguilera for Pepsi for the World Football Cup and Downloaded. Both advertisements were shot in Los Angeles with prominent director Tarsem Singh. In September 2003, Elissa was commissioned for a performance at the Hope Charity gala, which took place in the Royal Albert Hall, one of London 's most prestigious venues. Other artists that performed that night included Spanish dancer and choreographer Joaquin Cortes, Italian singer Zucchero, and British pop singer Sarah Brightman, making Elissa the sole representative of the Middle East. Further projects in 2004 included the Ray Ban campaign, while from 2005 to 2006 Elissa took on the Corum campaign, the LUX and then Vogue sunglasses. Elissa remains Ambassadress for Corum till today. In 2005, Elissa received the World Music Awards for the sales of her unforgettable "Ahla Dounia" album for Best Selling Artist from the Middle East. The star-studded ceremony took place in Hollywood’s exalted Kodak Theater with the presence of notorious music icons including: Beyonce, Maria Carey, Usher, Santana, Bon Jovi and many others. In December 2005, Elissa received the Murex d’Or for Best Lebanese Artist and Best Video Clip for her hit classic, "Hobak Wajaa". On November 15, 2006, Elissa received the World Music Awards for the second year in a row for the sales of her "Bastanak" album. The ceremony took place in London’s Earls Court. Elissa was in the company of Michael Jackson, Paris Hilton, Beyonce, Andrea Bocelli and many other recognizable talents. The Lebanese Music syndicate honored Elissa for her musical achievements and for being the first Lebanese artist to receive the World Music Awards two times running. Elissa was also the ambassadress for the World Gold Council in collaboration with L’Azurde, effectively putting a beautiful image with one of the world’s most desirable metals. Subsequently, Elissa was chosen by French company Georges Stahl to create her own perfume in 2007. The fragrance "Elle d’Elissa" was created, marking yet again another first: The first international perfume for an Arab artist. Elissa’s first perfume was followed by a second essence, "L’Eau d’Elissa". On August 9, 2007 she performed at the prestigious Sporting Club in Monaco. While in 2008, Elissa became the ambassadress for Samsung Mobiles. In 2008, the singer was included in Arabian Business Magazine’s 100 Most Powerful Arab Business Women list, for the second consecutive year. She was also part of the 500 of World's Most Influential Arabs list. Since then, Elissa has created a very powerful image for herself forcing a place for her in the spotlight. The artist is also endlessly desired and sought for by all prestigious brands. Elissa received her third World Music Awards in Monaco on May 23, 2010 for her album "Tesadaa Bemeen" for Best Selling Artist from the Middle East. In June 2010, Elissa received her third Murex d’Or as Best Lebanese Female Artist. In November 2010, she was awarded for Best Arab Female Artist in the Jordan Music Awards, which took place on Amman’s Dead Sea shore, and a few days later she received the Big Apple Music Award for Best Female Artist in the Middle East (This award is an international one based in New York), the Middle East Music Award and received 4 awards from the Student celebrity awards. In March 2011, Elissa became a goodwill Ambassador for IMSAM, an intergovernmental organization under the United Nations based at U.N Headquarters in New York. She resigned in 2012. Esquire Magazine named Elissa "Woman We Love" in 2011. It was an important moment as it was the first time Esquire had chosen Elissa out of their Middle East line-up. To top off all these achievements, she was voted in the Arabian Business Magazine as one of the 100 Most Powerful Arab Business Women in 2012 and the 500 Most Influential Arabs. Her eighth studio album "Asaad Wahda" released in June 2012 was number one for the first two months in all the Middle East charts and is still in the top 5 till now, with the release of the first Video Clip in January for the title song "Asaad Wahda". In December 2012, Elissa was chosen to be one of the Judges of the X Factor Middle East; It was on air the first 4 months of 2013. On the 23rd of June 2013 Elissa received two Murex D’or, for the best Lebanese singer and Best Arabic song "Asaad Wahda". This prestigious event, considered as one of the biggest celebrations of the TV industry in the Arab World, took place at the Casino Du Liban with the presence of many local and international artists. On 21 November 2013 Elissa received the BIAF Award ( Beirut International Award festival) as an appreciation for her successful career as a Lebanese artist.
Career.
1992–99: Career beginnings.
In 1992, she participated and won a Silver Medal in "Studio El Fan".
2000–03: W'akherta Ma'ak and Ayshalak.
Following her success at the International Music Festival, Elissa released her second album, "We Akhertha Maak", which included the immense hit duet, "Betghib Betrouh", sung with Lebanese superstar Ragheb Alama. The emerging singer's third album, "Ayshalak", was also quite successful and its musical quality was considered a big leap forward in her music career. In the making of "Ayshalak", Elissa took advantage of the significant momentum gained during her previous two albums and managed to surpass expectations at an amazing rate. The video clip of the album's hit single and namesake was filmed in Paris, directed by acclaimed French director Fabrice Begotti. Elissa was officially dressed and made up by Christian Dior Paris for the video, marking the first time Dior collaborated with an Arabic artist. Hot on the heels of the well-received third album, Elissa continued her fiery path and sent shock waves through the music scene when she teamed up with the world-famous Irish singer Chris De Burgh. The collaboration of these two talents resulted in the historic duet, "Lebanese Nights". The hit song was included on De Burgh's 2002 album, "Time is Everything". 2002 brought Elissa more consecration as she was awarded with the Murex d'Or award for Best Female Artist. And her, "Ajmal Ihsas" clip won the best video clip at the Arabic Music Awards, which took place in Dubai. To top off an outstandingly successful and memorable year, Elissa was also included in the anthology book, "100 Pioneers of Lebanon". The singer was celebrated alongside artists such as Fairuz, Wadih El-Safi, and many other celebrities who have left their everlasting mark on the Lebanese cultural, political and social landscape.
2004–06: Ahla Donia and Bastanak.
Elissa's fourth album, "Ahla Donia", recorded with Super Audio System, was released in May 2004. It broke record sales around the Middle East and the beloved artist won the World Music Award for Best Selling Middle East Artist. As a result, Elissa was recognized as the first Lebanese to win the award and went on to win the Murex d’Or for not only Best Lebanese Singer, but also Best Video Clip for her hit song, "Hobak Wajaa". At the time, the technique of using Super Audio was the latest innovation in sound technology and it was the first time a Middle Eastern artist used such superior sound technology. Artists who had previously relied on the Super Audio System included: Sting, Andrea Bocelli and Pink Floyd. 
Elissa's fifth album, "Bastanak", confirmed her status as one of the best female musicians emerging from the Middle East as she reined in yet another World Music Award for Best Selling Middle East Artist. International photographer Mathias Clamer, who also worked on Elissa's previous album, did the CD's photo-shoot.
2007–10:Ayami Beek and Tesadaa Bemeen.
Elissa's sixth and seventh albums, "Ayami Beek" (December 20, 2007), which reached number one for more than three months and remains in the charts today, and "Tesadaa Bemeen" (December 26, 2009), continued the singer's success and officially marked her as an unforgettable idol in prominent music history. Nearly two weeks after "Tesadaa Bemeen’s" release, the album immediately became the best selling album in the history of Rotana, as well as the most successful in Elissa's career. The widely well-received album skyrocketed to the number one spot as it sold record quantities in Lebanon, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan and the rest of the Middle East. "Tesadaa Bemeen" was Elissa's album that received the most awards and compensation. In the eyes of her fans and the music industry, Elissa's new release was far from disappointing, and reached the number one spot in France's largest music store, Fnac, in the Musique du Monde section. Elissa received her third World Music Award, Big Apple Award, Jordan Music Award, Middle East Music Award and many others for "Tesadaa Bemeen". "Tesadaa Bemeen" includes thirteen songs between Lebanese and Egyptian dialects created from Elissa's numerous collaborations with a handful of renowned writers, composers and music arrangers. For the album's glamorous artwork, international photographer Matthias Clamer photographed Elissa on location at Pena National Palace in Sintra, Portugal. The singer has surpassed expectations and risen above the rest of her generation's talented celebrities, achieving full-fledged star-status. Elissa is more than just a shooting star; she's a monumental icon whose mark on the Lebanese, Middle Eastern and international commercial music scene will undoubtedly push boundaries and stand the test of time.
2011–present: Eighth studio album and The X Factor.
Her eighth studio album 'Asaad Wahda" released in June 2012 was number one for the first two months in all the Middle East charts and is still in the top 5 till now, with the release of the first Video Clip in January for the title song "Asaad Wahda". In December 2012, Elissa was chosen to be one of the Judges of the X Factor Middle East; the program will air in February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31232967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232967" title="Edward Gee">
Edward Gee

Edward Gee (1657–1730) was an English churchman, known as a controversialist, and later successively Dean of Peterborough and Dean of Lincoln.
Life.
The son of George Gee of Manchester, a shoemaker, he was baptised at Manchester Collegiate Church on 29 August 1657. After attending Manchester Grammar School, he was admitted a sub-sizar at St John's College, Cambridge, on 9 May 1676. He graduated B.A. in 1679 and M.A. in 1683. He was incorporated in his master's degree at Oxford 4 March 1684. Subsequently he is styled D.D., a Lambeth degree from 1695.
He took a prominent part in the anti-Catholic controversy towards the end of James II's reign. In May 1688 he was appointed rector of St Benet's, Paul's Wharf, London, and soon after he was called chaplain in ordinary to William and Mary. On 6 December 1701 he was installed prebendary of Westminster.
Twenty years afterwards, on 9 December 1721, he was instituted dean of Peterborough, but he resigned that office for the deanery of Lincoln, to which he was presented by the crown on 30 March 1722. A few days later he was installed prebendary of Lincoln. At the time of his death he was also incumbent of St Margaret's, Westminster, and rector of Chevening, Kent. He died on 1 March 1730, and was buried in Westminster Abbey.
Works.
He wrote the following quarto tracts:
Several of these are reprinted in Edmund Gibson's "Preservative against Popery", and Edward Cardwell's "Enchiridion Theologicum". He also published "The Jesuit's Memorial for the intended Reformation of England: with an Introduction and some Animadversions", 1690; it was written by Robert Persons. In 1692 he printed "Of the Improvement of Time, a Sermon", 1692.
Family.
He married, on 25 January 1703, Jane, daughter of Henry Limbrey of London and Hoddington in Upton-Gray, Hampshire, and by her had several children, whose names are recorded in the Westminster Abbey registers.

</doc>
<doc id="31232969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232969" title="Beach Ball Classic">
Beach Ball Classic

The Beach Ball Classic was founded by NBA assistant head coach for the 
Los Angeles Lakers, Dan D'Antoni in 1981, which started out as an eight-team 
affair and has evolved into a 16-team national competition.
History.
The Beach Ball Classic was founded in 1981 in order to bring more high school competition to the east coast. It all began as a four team in-state and four team out of state competition, but with all the support from the community, it quickly evolved into a 16-team national holiday event. The popularity came quick and almost unexpectedly. In 1998, the Classic committee decided to add a women's tournament which added to its already high competition. The "Classic" as it is known in South Carolina, is held right after Christmas every year, lasting roughly four or five days until the new year hits. The Crescent Bank Holiday Invitational is held before Christmas and features the newly added women's tournament. The Invitational also feature the Carolina Challenge, which is an eight team tournament of the local women's colleges. 
Location, Accommodations, and Tickets.
The Beach Ball Classic is held at the Myrtle Beach Convention Center every year before and after Christmas. Crown Reef Resort at South Beach Resort is a major accommodation for travelers who want to spend their Christmas at the Classic. They offer specials for fans along with other little extras which change yearly.
Tickets are purchased at the Myrtle Beach Convention Center the day of the game with general admission starting at $12.00 and reserved seating at $15.00 per game. They also offer books of tickets for the classic games as well as the Crescent Bank Holiday Invitational games starting at $75.00 for the Classic and $15.00 for the Invitational. The Crescent Banks in the area also offer a limited amount of free tickets to the Invitational games. Another feature that has been added is the Carolina Challenge. This eight team tournament features some of the local women's colleges and tickets are priced at $10.00.
The Players.
The Classic is the home of many past and present NBA stars and will continue highlighting such players if the path its on continues.
From Mainland (Fla.), Vince Carter. Carter's team struggled at the 1994 Beach Ball Classic after he broke his hand in the opener, but he put on one of the most memorable, high-flying performances in tournament history by playing the rest of the way left-handed. This 13-year NBA veteran, who won the 1999 NBA Rookie of the Year Award and the 2000 Slam Dunk Contest is just one of the great players that have showcased their talents in the 
Classic.
From Simon Gratz (Pa.), Rasheed Wallace. Wallace was a three-time Beach Baller who led his team to two tourney titles while setting records for most blocked shots in a game (16) and tournament (24). Wallace has been to the NBA Finals twice but only winning once with the Detroit Pistons. Wallace is currently the all-time leader in the NBA with most technical fouls at 304.
From Lower Merion (Pa.), Kobe Bryant. Bryant dominated while playing in the Classic, accumulating 43 points in one game then leading his one-man team to a state title and going straight to the NBA. Now the youngest player to ever reach 27,000 points in a NBA career, is making a run at possibly his 6th NBA Championship.
From Latta (S.C.), Raymond Felton. The young players are loaded at point guard, but Felton gets the edge for orchestrating the greatest upset in Beach Ball history when the Class A Vikings knocked off national powerhouse DeMatha (Md.). Felton is one of the younger stars that play in the NBA and that played in the Classic. Felton was recently in a major 3-team trade which sent him to the Denver Nuggets from the New York Knicks.
Sponsors.
The Beach Ball Classic is and has been sponsored by major corporations ever since it started. Some of the major companies featured are: Enterprise Rent-A-Car, Mcdonald's, HTC, US Foodservice, TGI Fridays, Sonic Drive In, and Verizon Wireless. These companies help the tournament come together. In order to host anything it costs money and these companies are willing to invest into the Beach Ball Classic. 
References.
dantoni/index.html

</doc>
<doc id="31232982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232982" title="Mortgage industry of the United States">
Mortgage industry of the United States

The Mortgage industry of the United States is a major financial sector. The federal government created several programs, or government sponsored entities, to foster mortgage lending, construction and encourage home ownership. These programs include the Government National Mortgage Association (known as Ginnie Mae), the Federal National Mortgage Association (known as Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (known as Freddie Mac). 
The US subprime mortgage crisis was one of the first indicators of the 2007–2010 financial crisis, characterized by a rise in subprime mortgage delinquencies and foreclosures, and the resulting decline of securities backing said mortgages. The earlier Savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and 1990s and National Mortgage Crisis of the 1930s also arose primarily from unsound mortgage lending. The mortgage crisis has led to a rise in foreclosures, leading to the 2010 United States foreclosure crisis.
Mortgage lenders.
Mortgage lending is a major sector finance in the United States, and many of the guidelines that loans must meet are suited to satisfy investors and mortgage insurers. Mortgages are commercial paper and can be conveyed and assigned freely to other holders. In the U.S., the Federal government created several programs, or government sponsored entities, to foster mortgage lending, construction and encourage home ownership. These programs include the Government National Mortgage Association (known as Ginnie Mae), the Federal National Mortgage Association (known as Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (known as Freddie Mac). These programs work by offering a guarantee on the mortgage payments of certain conforming loans. These loans are then securitized and issued at a slightly lower interest rate to investors, and are known as mortgage-backed securities (MBS). After securitization these are sometimes called "agency paper" or "agency bonds". Whether or not a loan is conforming depends on the size and set of a guidelines which are implemented in an automated underwriting system. Non-conforming mortgage loans which cannot be sold to Fannie or Freddie are either "jumbo" or "subprime", and can also be packaged into mortgage-backed securities. Some companies, called correspondent lenders, sell all or most of their closed loans to these investors, accepting some risks for issuing them. They often offer niche loans at higher prices that the investor does not wish to originate.
Securitization allows the banks to quickly relend the money to other borrowers (including in the form of mortgages) and thereby to create more mortgages than the banks could with the amount they have on deposit. This in turn allows the public to use these mortgages to purchase homes, something the government wishes to encourage. Investors in conforming loans, meanwhile, gain low-risk income at a higher interest rate (essentially the mortgage rate, minus the cuts of the bank and GSE) than they could gain from most other bonds. Securitization has grown rapidly in the last 10 years as a result of the wider dissemination of technology in the mortgage lending world. For borrowers with superior credit, government loans and ideal profiles, this securitization keeps rates almost artificially low, since the pools of funds used to create new loans can be refreshed more quickly than in years past, allowing for more rapid outflow of capital from investors to borrowers without as many personal business ties as in the past.
The increased amount of lending led (among other factors) to the United States housing bubble of 2000-2006. The growth of lightly regulated derivative instruments based on mortgage-backed securities, such as collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps, is widely reported as a major causative factor behind the 2007 subprime mortgage financial crisis. As a result of the housing bubble, many banks, including Fannie Mae, established tighter lending guidelines making it much more difficult to obtain a loan.
Predatory mortgage lending.
There is concern in the U.S. that consumers are often victims of predatory mortgage lending [http://www.cnn.com/2004/LAW/09/17/mortgage.fraud/]. The main concern is that mortgage lenders and brokers, operating legally, are finding loopholes in the law to obtain additional profit. The typical scenario is that terms of the loan are beyond the means of the ill-informed and uneducated borrower. The borrower makes a number of interest and principal payments, and then defaults. The lender then takes the property and recovers the amount of the loan, and also keeps the interest and principal payments, as well as loan origination fees.
Delinquency.
At the start of 2008, 5.6% of all mortgages in the United States were delinquent. By the end of the first quarter that rate had risen, encompassing 6.4% of residential properties. This number did not include the 2.5% of homes in foreclosure.
US mortgage process.
Origination.
In the U.S., the process by which a mortgage is secured by a borrower is called origination. This involves the borrower submitting a loan application and documentation related to his/her financial history and/or credit history to the underwriter, which is typically a bank. Sometimes, a third party is involved, such as a mortgage broker. This entity takes the borrower's information and reviews a number of lenders, selecting the ones that will best meet the needs of the consumer. Origination is regulated by laws including the Truth in Lending Act and Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (1974). Credit scores are often used, and these must comply with the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Additionally, various state laws may apply. Underwriters receive the application and determine whether the loan can be accepted. If the underwriter is not satisfied with the documentation provided by the borrower, additional documentation and conditions may be imposed, called stipulations. 
Documentation and credit history can be used to categorize loans into high-quality A-paper, Alt-A, and subprime. Loans may also be categorized by whether there is full documentation, alternative documentation, or little to no documentations, with extreme "no income no job no asset" loans referred to as "NINJA" loans. No doc loans were popular in the early 2000s, but were largely phased out following the subprime mortgage crisis. Low-doc loans carry a higher interest rate and were theoretically available only to borrowers with excellent credit and additional income that may be hard to document (e.g. self-employment income). As of July 2010, no-doc loans were reportedly still being offered, but more selectively and with high downpayment requirements (e.g., 40%). 
The following documents are typically required for traditional underwriter review. Over the past several years, use of "automated underwriting" statistical models has reduced the amount of documentation required from many borrowers. Such automated underwriting engines include Freddie Mac's "Loan Prospector" and Fannie Mae's "Desktop Underwriter". For borrowers who have excellent credit and very acceptable debt positions, there may be virtually no documentation of income or assets required at all. Many of these documents are also not required for no-doc and low-doc loans.
Closing costs.
In addition to the downpayment, the final deal of the mortgage includes closing costs which include fees for "points" to lower the interest rate, application fees, credit check, attorney fees, title insurance, appraisal fees, inspection fees, underwriting fee and other possible miscellaneous fees. These fees can sometimes be financed and added to the mortgage amount. In 2010, one survey estimated that the average total closing cost United States on a $200,000 house was $3,741.
Market indices.
Common indices in the U.S. include the U.S. Prime Rate, the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), and the Treasury Index ("T-Bill"); other indices are in use but are less popular.
In the U.S., the fixed rate mortgage term is usually up to 30 years (15 and 30 being the most common), although longer terms may be offered in certain circumstances.
International comparisons.
Fixed-rate mortgage are common in the United States, unlike most of Western Europe where variable-rate mortgages are more common. The United States has home ownership rates comparable to Europe, but overall default rates are lower in Europe than in the United States. Mortgage loan financing relies more on secondary mortgage markets and less on formal government guarantees backed by covered bonds and deposits. Prepayment penalties are discouraged by underwriting requirements of large organizations such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Mortgages loans are often nonrecourse debt, unlike the most of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31232997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232997" title="Sean Eddy">
Sean Eddy

Sean Roberts Eddy is a scientist who leads a research group at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) Janelia Farm Research Campus in Virginia, with interests in bioinformatics, computational biology and biological sequence analysis. Current projects include the use of Hidden Markov models in HMMER, Infernal Pfam and Rfam.
Education.
Eddy graduated June, 1982 from Marion Center Area High School, Marion Center, Pennsylvania. He then completed a Bachelor of Science in Biology at California Institute of Technology in 1986, followed by a Doctor of Philosophy in molecular biology at the University of Colorado under the supervision of Larry Gold in 1991 studying the T4 phage 
Career.
From 1992 to 1995 he was a postdoctoral fellow at the Medical Research Council (MRC) Laboratory of Molecular Biology (LMB) in Cambridge UK working with John Sulston and Richard Durbin. From 1995 to 2007 he worked at Washington University School of Medicine and has been working for the Howard Hughes Medical Institute since 2000. 
Awards.
In 2007, Sean was the winner of the Benjamin Franklin Award in Bioinformatics for contributions to Open Access in the Life Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="31232998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31232998" title="Salisbury District, North Carolina">
Salisbury District, North Carolina

The Salisbury District of North Carolina, was originally one of several colonial judicial districts established in 1766. Immediately preceding the onset of the American War of Independence, these six regions, in 1775, were broadened into ""de facto"" militia districts.
The Salisbury District was based in the village of Salisbury, North Carolina, in Rowan County.
Background.
In 1766, the North Carolina Colonial legislature, at the direction of North Carolina colonial governor, William Tryon, divided the state into six judicial districts. These were: Edenton, New Bern, Wilmington, Halifax, Salisbury, and Hillsborough.
After the Third Provincial Congress held at Hillsborough, North Carolina (Aug. 20-Sept. 10, 1775), the districts became militarized, each supplying a regiment of militia volunteers under the command of a brigadier general. At that time, two additional districts were added, further dividing the western part of the state. Also, district representatives were chosen and sent to the North Carolina Provincial Congress. These representatives were instrumental in the passage of the Halifax Resolves, in April 1776, during the Fourth Provincial Congress, which is now often referred to as the "Halifax Congress".
History.
Edmund Fanning was made the first official Associate Justice for the District of Salisbury in March 1766. The third colonial court, which regularly assembled at Salisbury, was the court of oyer, terminer and general jail delivery. This court had jurisdiction over criminal cases. The Salisbury District court met in June and December of each year.
James Smith had served as the justice presiding over the "Court of Pleas and Quarter Session for Rowan County," under King George III, from 1770 thru 1775. From 1775, he ""took a prominent and active part in every movement tending to throw off the yoke of tyranny"..." On April 22, 1776, he was appointed Major in the militia of the Salisbury District, of which Francis Locke was Colonel, and Griffith Rutherford was Brigadier-General. 
Later in 1776, under orders from General Griffith Rutherford, Colonel William Graham, and Captain Joseph Hardin of the North Carolina Light Horse Rangers led a successful expedition into the neighboring Washington District against the British allied Cherokee, helping re-establish peace on the Salisbury District's western frontier.
Boundaries.
The Salisbury District originally included Anson, Guilford, Mecklenburg, Rowan, Surry, and Tryon counties. A later addition was the Washington District (also known as the original Washington County, North Carolina) which covered most of the present day State of Tennessee. Eventually, as new settlements were carved out of the wilderness, the Salisbury District encompassed the counties of Lincoln, Montgomery, Richmond, Rutherford, Wilkes (all in present day NC), and Sullivan (in present day TN) as well.

</doc>
<doc id="31233002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233002" title="North Somerset Council">
North Somerset Council

North Somerset Council is the local authority of North Somerset. It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined. It provides a full range of local government services including Council Tax billing, libraries, social services, processing planning applications, waste collection and disposal, and it is a local education authority.
The council meets at Weston-super-Mare Town Hall.
Powers and functions.
The local authority derives its powers and functions from the Local Government Act 1972 and subsequent legislation. For the purposes of local government, North Somerset is within a non-metropolitan area of England. As a unitary authority, North Somerset Council has the powers and functions of both a non-metropolitan county and district council combined. In its capacity as a district council it is a billing authority collecting Council Tax and business rates, it processes local planning applications, it is responsible for housing, waste collection and environmental health. In its capacity as a county council it is a local education authority, responsible for social services, libraries and waste disposal.
Politics.
North Somerset unitary council is elected every four years, with currently 61 councillors being elected at each election. Since the first election to the unitary authority in 1995, the council has either been under Conservative party control, or no party has held a majority. Most recently the Conservatives gained a majority at the 2007 election, and as of the 2011 election the council is composed of the following councillors:

</doc>
<doc id="31233003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233003" title="David Sambar">
David Sambar

Early life and education.
Dr. Sambar was born in Haifa, Palestine. His father was Consul General for Lebanon at the time. The family moved to Lebanon in 1948 on account of the Jewish-Arab hostilities.
He was educated at British, American & French Schools & Universities; holds a doctorate “cum laude” from Universite de Lyon, France – School of Law, Economics & Business. Tri-lingual: Fluent in English, French, Arabic and conversational in Spanish, Portuguese and Italian. Sambar has lived in Beirut, Paris, London, Geneva and New York.
Career.
Dr. Sambar’s early professional career was in the oil industry (Bechtel/Tapline/Aramco) and soon moved into a financial career with Chase Manhattan Bank, New York (1955). At Chase Manhattan Bank he held various positions in different financial centres, namely, Beirut, Paris, Geneva, London and New York. The last positions were Vice President for The Middle East & North Africa in New York and Executive Director of CML (Chase’s Merchant Bank in London).
David parted with Chase (1977) to take over as head of international operations for the Sharjah Group—a large investment pool owned predominantly by Gulf Ruling/ Royal family members and a substantial number of individual & institutional investors from the Persian Gulf.
His professional life developed into concentrating less on day to day in favour of Board level appointments. He soon was appointed Honorary Chairman of Banque de la Mediterranee, Paris (1983 to 86) and Executive Chairman of Mediterranee Investors Group Luxembourg & UK. Non Exec Chairman of British American Properties. In the same vein he was invited to Kroll Security Group UK as Senior Consultant. 
Dr Sambar has non-profit involvements in his capacity as Fellow of The Institute of Directors, UK; Associate of The Security & Defense Forum; Women's World Banking; Freeman of the City of London as well as Trustee & Counselor of a number of international institutions.
Dr. Sambar is also active on the lecture circuit, frequently delivering papers on financial subjects in front of such bodies as the Council on Foreign Relations, the Stanford Research Institute, and the U.S.-Arab Chamber of Commerce. He is a trustee of the Center for International Business, in Dallas, Texas
Other.
Interviewed, profiled and quoted in:
Washington Report on Middle East Affairs., Forbes, The Wall Street Journal, International Herald Tribune, Houston Chronicle, Euromoney and Business International Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="31233010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233010" title="Opération Harmattan">
Opération Harmattan

Opération Harmattan is the codename for the French participation in the 2011 military intervention in Libya. It is named for the Harmattan, which are hot dry winds that blow over the Sahara, mostly between November and March. The United States' counterpart to this is Operation Odyssey Dawn, the Canadian counterpart is Operation Mobile and the British counterpart is Operation Ellamy. The no-fly zone was proposed during the Libyan civil war to prevent government forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from carrying out air attacks on Anti-Gaddafi forces. Several countries prepared to take immediate military action at a conference in Paris on 19 March 2011.
French Dassault Rafale planes began reconnaissance missions on 19 March and were the first among the coalition to attack Libyan forces, destroying four tanks.
Summary of action.
Day 1: 19 March 2011.
The French Navy anti-air destroyer "Forbin" and anti-air frigate "Jean Bart" were already off Libya when the operation commenced.
The French Air Force deployed in its first strike force eight Rafale fighters, two Mirage 2000-5 fighters and two Mirage 2000D fighter-bombers supported by other aircraft listed above.
Eight Rafale fighters patrolled the skies over Benghazi to prohibit the advance of Libyan ground forces. One opened fire on Libyan military vehicles at 16:45 local time. "The Telegraph" reported four Libyan tanks destroyed by French aircraft southwest of Benghazi.
Aircraft returning from combat missions landed at Solenzara Air Base on Corsica from which further combat sorties were launched.
Day 2: 20 March 2011.
Eleven sorties were carried out by French aircraft over Libya.
Task Force 473, the aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle" and its battle group, sailed from Toulon.
Day 3: 21 March 2011.
Up to this day, 55 sorties were carried out by French aircraft over Libya. The French Ministry of Defence (MoD) claimed a Mirage 2000-D destroyed another Libyan tank 100 km south of Benghazi.
Day 4: 22 March 2011.
Aircraft from the "Charles de Gaulle" began operations over Libya, commencing with Rafale F3s conducting reconnaissance and patrols. The "Forbin" and "Jean Bart", which were already on station off Libya, joined Task Force 473. The number of combat aircraft forward deployed at Air Base 126 Solenzara was increased to 20 with the arrival of two more Mirage 2000-5 and two more Mirage 2000D, with support aircraft operating out of Saint-Dizier and Avord.
Day 5: 23 March 2011.
Rafale and Mirage 2000D aircraft from Solenzara and Rafale and Super Etendard aircraft from the "Charles de Gaulle" conducted reconnaissance and support sorties over Libya.
Day 6: 24 March 2011.
Rafale and Mirage 2000D aircraft attacked a Libyan air base, inland from the Mediterranean Sea, with SCALP GP missiles. Rafale, Mirage 2000D and Super Etendard aircraft flew four joint interdiction missions against Libyan ground forces. A Rafale destroyed a Libyan Soko G-2 Galeb light attack jet with an AASM air-to-surface missile as it landed at Misrata. A patrol of two Mirage 2000Ds, equipped with GBU-12 laser-guided bombs, attacked loyalist artillery near Ajdabiyah.
Day 7: 25 March 2011.
Qatari aircraft attached to Operation Odyssey Dawn and French aircraft conducted joint reconnaissance sorties in the regions of Misrata, Zintan, Sirte and Ajdabiyah. Four Mirage 2000Ds conducted interdiction missions against loyalist artillery near Ajdabiyah. Two French and two Qatari Mirage 2000-5s conducted air interdiction missions. Three French Mirage 2000-5s were moved from Solenzara to Souda Air Base on Crete.
Day 8: 26 March 2011.
French aircraft carried out several air strikes around Zintan and Misrata, destroying at least five Soko G-2 Galeb light attack jets and two Mi-35 helicopters on the ground. French and Qatari Mirage 2000-5s continued joint reconnaissance sorties from Souda Air Base.
Day 9: 27 March 2011.
Air Force and Navy Rafales attacked a command centre south of Tripoli. French and Qatari Mirage 2000-5s conducted joint patrols and air interdiction missions from Souda Air Base. The number of French Mirage 2000-5s based as Souda was increased to four.
Day 10: 28 March 2011.
Air operations were planned to focus on the region around Zintan and Misrata. Air force Rafales and Mirage 2000Ds and a joint patrol of Navy Rafales and Super Etendards bombed an ammunition dump at Gharyan, south of Tripoli. Mirage F1CRs conducted reconnaissance missions for the first time in the operation.
Day 11: 29 March 2011.
Two patrols of Air Force Rafales and Mirage 2000Ds and a patrol of Navy Rafales and Super Etendards attacked anti-aircraft missile sites south west of Tripoli. Two joint patrols of French and Qatari Mirage 2000-5s conducted air interdiction sorties. Mirage 2000Ds and Super Etendards bombed a military depot south of Tripoli.
Day 12: 30 March 2011.
A joint strike force of Air Force Rafales and Mirage 2000Ds and Navy Rafales and Super Etendards attacked anti-aircraft missile sites south of Sirte. A patrol of two French and four Qatari Mirage 2000-5s conducted air interdiction sorties.
Day 13: 31 March 2011.
At 0600 GMT, NATO took command of all operations in Libya. Subsequent operations were conducted as part of Operation Unified Protector.

</doc>
<doc id="31233043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233043" title="Old Burmese">
Old Burmese

Old Burmese was an early form of the Burmese language, as attested in the stone inscriptions of Pagan, and is the oldest phase of Burmese linguistic history. The transition to Middle Burmese occurred in the 1500s. The transition to Middle Burmese included phonological changes (e.g. mergers of sound pairs that were distinct in Old Burmese) as well as accompanying changes in the underlying orthography. Word order, grammatical structure and vocabulary have remained markedly comparable, well into Modern Burmese, with the exception of lexical content (e.g. function words).
Phonology.
Unlike most Tibeto-Burman languages, Burmese has a phonological system with two-way aspiration: preaspiration (e.g. "hma." vs. "ma.") and postaspiration (e.g. "kha." vs. "ka."). In Burmese, this distinction serves to differentiate causative and non-causative verbs of Sino-Tibetan etymology.
In Old Burmese, postaspiration can be reconstructed to the proto-Burmese language, whereas preaspiration is comparatively newer, having derived from proto-prefixes. The merging of proto-prefixes (i.e., as an independent consonant used as a prefix) to preaspirated consonants was nearly complete by the 1100s.
Orthography.
Old Burmese maintains a number of distinctions which are no longer present in the orthography of standard Burmese.
Diacritics.
Whereas Modern Standard Burmese uses 3 written medials (, , and ), Old Burmese had a fourth written medial , which was typically written as a stacked consonant underneath the letter being modified.
Old Burmese orthography treated the preaspirated consonant as a separate segment, since a special diacritic ("ha hto", ) had not yet been innovated. As such, the letter "ha" () was stacked above the consonant being modified (e.g. where Modern Burmese uses ).-->
Gloss.
Examples of such differences include the consonant "yh-" and the lateral clusters "kl-" and "khl-". The earliest Old Burmese documents, in particular the Myazedi and Lokatheikpan inscriptions frequently have "-o-" where later Burmese has "-wa". Old Burmese also had a final "-at" and "-an" distinct from "-ac" and "-any" as shown by Nishi (1974).
Vocabulary.
Aside from Pali, the Mon language had significant influence on Old Burmese orthography and vocabulary, as Old Burmese borrowed many lexical items (especially relating to handicrafts, administration, flora and fauna, navigation and architecture), although grammatical influence was minimal. Many Mon loan words are present in Old Burmese inscriptions, including words that were absent in the Burmese vocabulary and those that substituted original Burmese words. Examples include:
Moreover, Mon influenced Old Burmese orthography, particularly with regard to preference for certain spelling conventions:
Grammar.
Two grammatical markers presently found in Modern Burmese are extant to Old Burmese: 
In Old Burmese, was spelt "ruy-e", following the pattern in Pali, whose inflected verbs can express the main predicate.
Pali also had an influence in the construction of written Old Burmese verbal modifiers. Whereas in Modern Burmese, the verb + ("sau:") construction can only modify the succeeding noun (e.g. , "man who loves") and ("su") can only modify the preceding verb (e.g. , "lover"), in Old Burmese, both constructions, verb + and verb + were interchangeable. This was a consequence of Pali grammar, which dictates that participles can be used in noun functions.
Pali grammar also influenced negation in written Old Burmese, as many Old Burmese inscriptions adopt the Pali method of negation. In Burmese, negation is accomplished by prefixing a negative particle ("ma.") to the verb being negated. In Pali, ("a.") is used instead.
Such grammatical influences from Pali on written Old Burmese had disappeared by the 1400s.
Surviving inscriptions.
The earliest evidence of Burmese script (inscription at the Mahabodhi Temple in India) is dated to 1035, while an 18th-century recast stone inscription points to 984. Perhaps the most well known inscription is the Old Burmese face of the Myazedi inscription. The most complete set of Old Burmese inscriptions, called "She-haung Myanma Kyauksa Mya" (; lit. "Ancient Stone Inscriptions of Myanmar") was published by Yangon University's Department of Archaeology in five volumes from 1972 to 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31233078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233078" title="Blae Loch, Beith">
Blae Loch, Beith

The Blae Loch is a small freshwater loch situated in a hollow in a low lying area beneath Blaelochhead Hill in the Parish of Beith, North Ayrshire, Scotland.
History.
The loch is a natural feature, a post-glacial 'Kettle Hole' once of a greater extent, fed mainly by local springs, the Highgate Burn which itself arises as a spring near Little Highgate and field drainage. The loch is recorded in the placenames of Blaelochhead, Lochend, and Blaelochside.
The name 'Blae' is Scots for 'dark, livid, or black'. The first known description in circa 1604 gives the name as 'Blaa-loche' and states that "quhen the firmament is moft ferene and cleir then its is palide and dead coloured contrair to all wther vn-corrupt and fueit vatters. A 'Bungle' in Scots is a “Big clod of earth turned up in harrowing."
The New Statistical Account of 1845 refers to it as having been partially drained.
In 1874 it was part of the estate of Hessilhead, owned by William Ralston-Patrick of Trearne. In 2011 the loch ownership was owned shared between the owners of Blaelochhead Farm and Lochend House.
The Bungle Burn outflow runs on down country, past the old mill site, Mossend and Tandlehill Farms, before making a confluence with the Lugton Water near the Bungleburn Bridge outside Burnhouse.
Usage.
Ordnance Survey maps of the mid 19th century show that a substantial water mill with a square garden area once existed near Wester Highgate; it had a large mill pond associated with it, fed by the Bungle Burn running from the Blae Loch. The name is also recorded in the former limestone 'Old Mill Quarry'. Roy's map of 1747 shows the mill and even then marks it as an 'old' mill, suggesting that it was out of use at this time. An old lane ran up to the old mill site from the hamlet of Hessilhead.
The loch is recorded in 1604-1608 as being well known to many weavers in the neighbourhood due to the abundance of reeds that grew there and the fact that they were used for making pirns. In 1874 it is recorded that the loch margin had an edging of water-lilies (Nymphaea species). A pirn was a weaver’s spool for holding his weft yarn in the shuttle, originally made from a quill or hollow reed, in later times they were made from wood. 
A Blae Loch Curling Club existed in the 19th century as recorded by the Royal Caledonian Curling Club. A club medal is still in existence.
Geology.
The solid geology is macroporphyritic basalt with carboniferous limestone at the Middleton Quarry site and these are both overlain by low river terrace and lake alluvium. A whinstone crag and old quarry site sit close to Lochend Farm.
Cartographic evidence.
Blaeu's map of 1654, dating from Timothy Pont's survey of circa 1604, shows the loch as a significant body of water, extending almost as far as the old Whitestone Mill (Coldstream Mill). Herman Moll's map of 1745 marks, but does not name the loch. Roy's map of 1747 clearly shows the loch, situated without two inflow burns and the habitations of Loch End and Blea Loch Head. Armstrong's map of 1775 does not show the loch. Thomson's map of 1832 marks and records Blae Loch.
Natural history.
The site is a designated 'Local Wildlife Site' following a survey in 1981 by the Scottish Wildlife Trust and others. The survey recorded that the site is a 'Phragmites dominated area with open water'. The surveyors record that ""The loch is surrounded to a great extent by bed of reed canary grass with a dense zone of the sedge Carex aquatilis. There is a good admixture of marsh species, and an admixture of willow (Salix) species in the north-east section. In the surrounding fields there is an interesting interaction between the field ragwort (Senecio jacobaea) and the marsh ragwort (Senecio aquaticus), giving rise to a substantial amount of the hybrid Senecio x osterfeldii. There is a good floristic structure at the site and it is also of real importance due to the presence of the very rare Cowbane (Cicuta virosa).
Kestrel, Reed Bunting, Water Rail, Robin, Starling, Snipe, Mallard, and Swans have been recorded here. Rare species are Carex aquatilis, Brown edge (Carex disticha), Cowbane (Cicuta virosa), White water lily (Nymphaea alba), Ivy-leaved water crowfoot (Ranunculus hederaceus), and Bay willow (salix pentandra).
Micro-history.
Lochend Farm was partly constructed from whinstone taken from the nearby quarry.
Middleton Quarry was for a time used as a site for testing explosives by Nobel Explosives, Ardreer. The quarry has been infilled.
Several other Blae Lochs are located in North Ayrshire and elsewhere in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="31233103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233103" title="1994–95 Norwich City F.C. season">
1994–95 Norwich City F.C. season

During the 1994–95 English football season, Norwich City competed in the Premier League.
Season summary.
Despite losing striker Chris Sutton to Blackburn Rovers before the start of the season in England's first £5 million transfer, Norwich made a strong start to the season and seemed capable of reproducing their impressive form of the two previous seasons. By Christmas, they stood seventh in the table and looked good bets for a UEFA Cup place.
But then it all went wrong, after an injury to first-choice goalkeeper Bryan Gunn. Their final good result of the season was a 2-1 victory over title challengers Newcastle United on New Year's Eve and after that, the Canaries went into a sudden freefall, won only one of their final 20 league games (a 3-0 home win over Ipswich Town in the East Anglian derby) and plunged into 20th place and relegation - ending their nine-year tenure in the top flight just two years after they had narrowly missed out on the league title.
Just weeks before the end of the season, manager John Deehan handed in his resignation and vacated the manager's seat to make way for 36-year-old player-coach Gary Megson. Megson in turn quit after failing save Norwich from the drop. The man selected by chairman Robert Chase to revert Norwich's declining fortunes was Martin O'Neill, who had just taken Wycombe Wanderers to the brink of the Division Two playoffs in only their second season in the Football League.
Results.
"Norwich City's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="31233142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233142" title="2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 400 metres">
2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 400 metres

The Women's 400 metres event at the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on March 6–7.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 3 of each semifinals qualified directly (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31233184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233184" title="Palfreyman">
Palfreyman

Palfreyman is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31233185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233185" title="Inter Milan in international football">
Inter Milan in international football

These are the matches of Football Club Internazionale Milano playing in the World.
Overall record.
Only official matches included (Intercontinental Cup and FIFA Club World Cup matches).

</doc>
<doc id="31233193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233193" title="Comerciário Futebol Clube">
Comerciário Futebol Clube

Comerciário Futebol Clube, commonly known as Comerciário, is a Brazilian football club based in São Luís, Maranhão state.
History.
The club was founded on January 8, 2003. Ferroviário won the Campeonato Maranhense Second Level in 2004.
Stadium.
Comerciário Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Nhozinho Santos. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 16,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31233207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233207" title="Fredrik Paulsson">
Fredrik Paulsson

Fredrik Paulsson is a Swedish violinist and violist. In 1990, he was the winner of Unga Solister, a music competition for young musicians which is held annually in Helsingborg. The same year he founded the Yggdrasil Quartet, which won awards including the Worshipful Company of Musicians' Award at the 1994 London International String Quartet Competition in 1994, and the Melbourne International Chamber Music Competition. Paulsson currently works as a solo violinist, touring and performing at international music festivals. He is also a member of the Chamber Orchestra of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="31233239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233239" title="Tim Johnston (writer)">
Tim Johnston (writer)

Tim Johnston (born Iowa City) is the author of the story collection "Irish Girl" and the novel "Never So Green".
Life.
He graduated from the University of Iowa, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
He worked as a carpenter.
He is the 2011 Jenny McKean Moore Writer-in-Residence at The George Washington University.
His stories have also appeared in "Best Life Magazine, California Quarterly, Colorado Review, Double Take, New England Review, New Letters, The Iowa Review, The Missouri Review, ", and "Narrative Magazine".
Awards.
"Irish Girl" won an O. Henry Prize, the "New Letters" Award for Writers, and the Gival Press Short Story Award, while the collection itself won the 2009 Katherine Anne Porter Prize in Short Fiction. 
In 2005 the title story, "Irish Girl," was included in the David Sedaris anthology of favorites, "Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules".

</doc>
<doc id="31233254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233254" title="Grafton United Cricket Club">
Grafton United Cricket Club

Grafton United Cricket Club is one of New Zealand’s oldest and largest cricket clubs, catering for around 700 senior members and 400 juniors from its clubrooms at Victoria Park, in central Auckland.
The club was founded as the United Cricket Club, on 18 September 1862 by players from existing Auckland clubs and was often referred to as 'the United' because of this. The aim of the club was to acquire more regular and more challenging competition than that which was on offer in Auckland at the time.
The club’s first ground was a field in Newmarket donated by local farmer, James Dilworth, but its distance from the city prompted the administration, on behalf of the cricketers of Auckland, to apply for the use of the Auckland Domain and it began practicing and playing there in 1863
When the Auckland Cricket Association’s first District Scheme came into effect in 1903, the club became the Grafton District Cricket Club. It was so–named because, under the terms of the scheme, it was allocated the area surrounding the Auckland Domain to draw players from.
The Scheme was abandoned in 1920, at which time the club paired its original and district names to form Grafton United. This remained in place until the second District Scheme of 1952, when the club became Metropolitan District Cricket Club for three seasons and thereafter Grafton and Districts Cricket Club. The Scheme ended in 1967 and the club returned to the Grafton United name.
Victoria Park has been the club's home since the Auckland Cricket Association shifted clubs away from Eden Park in the early 1950s and, when the City Council leased the Campbell Free Kindergarten to it for a clubrooms in 1960, it came to be thought of as Grafton's home ground exclusively. In partnership with the council, a new clubrooms and indoor net facility was opened on the site of the old grandstand in 1993 and this continues to be the club's home.
The club will celebrate its sesquicentenary in the 2012/13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31233262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233262" title="Mohammad Mansoornejad">
Mohammad Mansoornejad

Mohammad Mansoornejad () is an Iranian thinker who has studied about Islam for more than 30 years. He has a PhD degree in political science from University of Tehran and during this time he studied many Islamic theological resources. His first scientific article was chosen by national conference, “Culture and Development”, in 1992, and after that he has written about 100 articles. He represented many articles in many different international and national conferences.
Unlike John Dalberg-Acton who believed Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely, Dr. Mansoornejhad believes: weakness tends to corrupt and absolute weakness corrupts absolutely 
Publications.
After publishing his first book in 1998, several publishers got interested to publish his other books. So he decided to establish an independent publication for publishing his own books. He called that publication “Javan Pooya” (that means an active young person), because he usually tries to answer the questions of youth. He has written about 80 books in several subjects. Some of them are short and have few pages (less than 100 pages) and the others are longer (more than 100 pages). Some of those books contain several articles and the others are integrated. The approach of his books is usually political, cultural, or social. Moreover he focuses on answering religious questions, especially which are more challenging.

</doc>
<doc id="31233263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233263" title="Thomas Palfreyman">
Thomas Palfreyman

Thomas Palfreyman (died 1589?) was an English author and musician.
Life.
He was a gentleman of the chapel royal in Edward VI's reign, together with Thomas Tallis, Richard Farrant, William Hunnis, and others. He continued in office till 1589, apparently the year of his death. John Parkhurst, the bishop of Norwich, addressed an epigram to Palfreyman and Robert Couch jointly, and complimented them on their proficiency in music and theology. Palfreyman seems to have lived in the London parish of St Peter, Cornhill.
Works.
The following works, all religious, are assigned to him:
In 1567 Palfreyman revised and re-edited ‘A Treatise of Morall Philosophy, containynge the sayinges of the wyse,’ which William Baldwin had first published in 1547. Palfreyman's version of 1567 is described as ‘nowe once again augmented and the third tyme enlarged.’ It was published by Richard Tottell on 1 July 1567, and was dedicated to Henry Hastings, 3rd Earl of Huntingdon. It was a popular book, and new editions appeared in 1575, 1584, 1587, 1591, 1596, 1610, 1620, and 1630.

</doc>
<doc id="31233271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233271" title="Mikoyan-Gurevich I-3">
Mikoyan-Gurevich I-3

The Mikoyan-Gurevich I-3 was the first of three closely related fighter prototype programs developed by the Mikoyan-Gurevich design bureau in the Soviet Union in the mid/late 1950s - starting with the I-3, continuing with the I-7 and finally evolving into the I-75. On several occasions airframes were re-built and/or re-used both within a program or in a succeeding program. All the aircraft in the I-3 program were affected by delays in the development of the Klimov VK-3 turbojet engine, its cancellation and replacement by the Lyulka AL-7F turbojet engine.
Design and development.
Both the I-3 and I-3P were ordered by the Council of Ministers on June 3, 1953 – the I-3 as a front-line fighter and the I-3P as an all-weather interceptor. They were developed in parallel with the I-1/2 program but with nothing in common except for a similar wing. On the other hand, the I-3’s visual appearance was so similar to the Sukhoi S-1 (the Su-7 prototype) that a common design specification and fundamental research source seems likely. Compared to the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-19 the I-3U was slightly larger and heavier, but aerodynamically very similar.
Variants.
I-3 (I-380).
The I-3 had a longer forward fuselage compared to the I-1 and the cockpit was positioned further ahead of the 60 degree swept wing. Armament consisted of three 30 mm Nudelman-Richter NR-30 cannons each with 65 rounds – one in left wing root and two on the right side. The Klimov VK-3 turbojet was never provisioned or fitted to the airframe. In 1956 the I-3 was converted into the I-3U.
I-3P.
Developed in parallel with the I-3 but equipped with the same Almaz search radar as the I-1. Armament consisted of two 30 mm Nudelman-Richter NR-30 cannons. In addition two ORO-57K rocket launchers each with 16 55 mm ARS-57 (S-5) unguided rockets or two 190 mm TRS-190 unguided rockets or two 212 mm ARS-212 unguided rockets or two 250 kg bombs could be carried on pylons under the wing. Development was halted in late 1954.
I-3U (I-5).
The I-3U was modified from the unfinished I-3; the fuselage was stretched 93 cm (from 12.27 m to 13.20 m), the nose redesigned to accommodate the Uragan-1 fire control system (hence the U in the designation) above the inlet and an Almaz search radar with a search/track range of 17 km was fitted in the cone centered in the inlet. Armament consisted of two 30 mm Nudelman-Richter NR-30 cannons with symmetrical auto ranging connected to the radar. In addition to the fire control system Mikoyan-Gurevich also used, for the first time, titanium alloys in the rear fuselage where high temperatures were expected. The conversion from I-3 to I-3U was completed in 1956. 
Flight testing took place on an irregular basis in 1956-1958 due to engine flaws and frequent modifications. A total of 34 test flights were carried out, with design bureau test pilot Georgiy Mossolov reaching a speed of 1960 km/h at attitude on one flight. The program was cancelled on June 17, 1958.
Source criticism.
The sources generally agree on which airframes from the I-3 program that was rebuilt (I-3 into I-3U). But one of the external links says it was I-3P that was rebuilt into I-3U. The sources all agree on that the I-3 is the same as the I-380 (using the old design bureau designation series), but they all disagree on the (old) designations for the I-3P and the I-3U. One says that the I-3U was the I-400 while another uses I-410 for the I-3U and also puts the label I-5 on it. One source even uses the I-420 designation for the later I-7U. The online source and the external links all use I-410 for the I-3P and I-420 for the I-3U.

</doc>
<doc id="31233272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233272" title="Queen's Blade Rebellion">
Queen's Blade Rebellion

Story.
Set after the events of "Queen's Blade", Gainos and the entire Continent has fallen under a tyrannical rule led by Claudette, the Thundercloud Queen and victor of the last Queen's Blade tournament (Leina renounces the title). Annelotte, a brave young knight and exiled princess, leads a band of rebels called the Rebel Army to overthrow Claudette and restore peace and order to the Continent.
Media.
Anime.
An OVA anime adaptation of "Rebellion" was bundled with the "Queen's Blade Premium Visual Book" and "Queen's Blade Rebellion Premium Visual Book" on DVD. Serving as prologues, the OVAs take place after the events of "Queen's Blade: Beautiful Fighters". The OVAs are produced by animation studio Arms, who produced the previous "Queen's Blade" anime and OVA adaptations, under the directorship of Yousei Morino. Voice actresses Yū Kobayashi and Aya Endo reprised their respective roles as Sigui and Annelotte. The first set of OVAs, entitled and , were released on October 29, 2011. The second set of OVAs, entitled and , were released on January 28, 2012.
An anime adaption of "Rebellion", first announced on October 22, 2011, premiered on April 3, 2012 on AT-X and other networks, and ran twelve episodes until June 19, 2012. The anime was produced by Arms under the directorship of Yousei Morino, the director from the OVA prologues, with script handled by Hideki Shirane, character designs by Rin-Sin, Takayuki Noguchi, and Yukiko Ishibashi, and music composed by Masaru Yokoyama. Six DVD and Blu-ray volumes will later be released by Media Factory, starting from June 25, 2012. Each DVD/BD volume will contain an OVA short entitled . Simulcasts of the anime are provided by Crunchyroll, starting from April 12, 2012. The anime TV series was licensed for distribution in North America by Sentai Filmworks in 2012. The anime is streamed through Crunchyroll and Anime Network. Section23 Films initially announced the North American release for the anime series on Blu-ray and DVD (both including 2 CD soundtracks) for June 9, 2013, however the release was delayed to September 24, 2013. The English language version was produced for Sentai by NYAV Post and Headline Sound.
Music.
The opening theme for the series is by Naomi Tamura, while the ending theme is "future is serious" by Aika Kobayashi. Both songs were released as CD singles on April 25, 2012 by Media Factory.
Manga.
A manga adaptation of "Rebellion" called , illustrated by Riri Sagara, began weekly serialization in Hobby Japan's online manga magazine "Comic Dangan" on December 2, 2011. "Zero" acts as the prequel for the "Rebellion" storyline, centering on Annelotte's life before Claudette took the throne, and features characters from the original "Queen's Blade". The first volume was released on April 2, 2012, with a total of two volumes available in Japan as of October 27, 2011 under Hobby Japan's Dangan Comics imprint.
A second manga adaptation of "Rebellion" called , illustrated by Iku Nanzaki (the author of "Queen's Blade: Hide & Seek"), began serialization in the December 2011 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's "Comp Ace" magazine, published on October 26, 2011. The first bound volume was released on March 26, 2012.
Other.
A light novel adaptation of "Queen's Blade Rebellion" written by Ukyo Kodachi was published by Hobby Japan on May 30, 2009 under its HJ Bunko imprint.
A series of visual books, called , were published by Hobby Japan. The books are compilations of the illustrated stories posted on Hobby Japan's media site, Hobby Channel, along with additional material. The first visual book, written by Tomohiro Matsu and illustrated by Hagane Tsurugi and Eiwa, was released by Hobby Japan on September 26, 2009. A limited edition version of the book was also released on the same day, featuring a drama CD. The second visual book, called , written by Tomohiro Matsu and illustrated by Eiwa, was released by Hobby Japan on October 5, 2010. A third visual book, called , written by Eiji Okita and illustrated by Odanon and Eiwa, was released by Hobby Japan on July 28, 2012.
An artbook called , with various illustrations by the original artists, was released by Hobby Japan on August 31, 2011. The artbook shows possible defeated scenarios of the fighters from both the "Queen's Blade" and the "Queen's Blade Rebellion" saga. A second artbook called was announced by Hobby Japan to be released on November 30, 2012.
A guidebook to the anime series, called , was released by Hobby Japan on August 22, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31233293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233293" title="Everton F.C. Reserves and Academy">
Everton F.C. Reserves and Academy

Reserves.
Everton Reserves compete in the Premier Reserve League U21 League Group A, and play their matches at Haig Avenue (currently called "The Merseyrail Community Stadium), Southport. Matches are commonly held on Sunday/Monday. The Reserve team also compete in the Liverpool Senior Cup featuring teams across the Merseyside region although an increasing number of Academy players have taken part.
Everton Reserves are managed by Andy Holden who is assisted by Alan Stubbs.
Academy.
Everton Academy is situated at Finch Farm training complex in the Liverpool suburb of Halewood where Everton players of all age groups train. The Academy Under 18 team compete in the Premier Academy League, Group A with other Academy Under 18 teams from Arsenal, Blackburn, Bolton, Norwich, Reading, West Brom and West Ham. Matches are commonly held on Saturday mornings at Finch Farm.
Past academy players.
The following players are notable past Everton academy members currently playing for clubs in either the Premier League, The Football League or in another country. Those in bold have been capped at international level.

</doc>
<doc id="31233315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233315" title="Dbayeh">
Dbayeh

The "Dog River" cuts through Dbayeh, a small town that lies at the foot of Mount Lebanon. The area surrounding the river is historically significant where invading civilizations carved their presence into the rocks along its banks. Dbayeh is not far from Jounieh and is currently witnessing touristic and commercial development particularly along its shoreline.
Commerce.
Dbayeh is very known for its touristic commercial buildings like: Hôtel Le Royal Dbayeh, Holiday Tower, Résidence de France, Burj Babel restaurant, Chopsticks restaurant, golden beach, ABC Dbayeh, Le Mall, Boutique Mall, Spinneys Mall, Gigieffe superstore
Education.
St. Rita's Catholic School

</doc>
<doc id="31233326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233326" title="Jean Ross">
Jean Ross

Jean Iris Ross (1911-1973) was a British actress and writer. She was the model for the Sally Bowles character in the Berlin stories and novels of Christopher Isherwood.
Jean Ross was working as a nightclub singer in Weimar Germany in 1931 when she shared lodgings with Isherwood, becoming immortalised as the "divinely decadent" Sally Bowles in Isherwood's 1939 memoir "Goodbye to Berlin". Sally Bowles has been played by Julie Harris in "I Am a Camera", the 1951 adaptation of "Goodbye to Berlin", and the 1955 film adaptation of the same name, Jill Haworth in the original 1966 Broadway production of "Cabaret", Judi Dench in the original 1968 West End stage version of "Cabaret" and Liza Minnelli in Bob Fosse's 1972 film adaptation of the musical.
Ross was a lifelong Communist – and possibly, it has been suggested, an undercover agent for the Comintern, the international wing of Soviet Communism. According to Ross's daughter, Sarah Caudwell, she never liked her identification with Bowles, thinking that it was more reflective of Isherwood's flamboyant male friends. In addition to acting, Ross also wrote under the pseudonym "Peter Porcupine".
She was married to Claud Cockburn, a left-wing journalist. They were divorced before 1940. Sarah Caudwell Cockburn was the only child of this marriage.
She died in Richmond on Thames, Surrey, in 1973, aged 62.
Portrayals in fiction.
Imogen Poots played Ross in the 2011 television film "Christopher and His Kind".

</doc>
<doc id="31233337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233337" title="Around the Piano">
Around the Piano

Around the Piano (French: "Autour du piano") is an 1885 painting by French artist Henri Fantin-Latour. It was exhibited at the Paris Salon the same year, then was bought by Adolphe Jullien. In 1915, it was gave to the Musée du Luxembourg, then was at the Musée du Louvre until 1986. It is currently kept at the Musée d'Orsay in Paris.
Background and reception.
The painting was the last of the four portraits of groups that Fantin-Latour devoted to his friends and celebrities in the arts world. He referred here to the concerts given by the group known as "Le Petit Bayreuth" initiated by Antoine Lascoux. Despite three previous paintings and numerous still lifes, the painter had not received the critical acclaim which he expected. He finally reached it through "Around the Piano". The painting, however, remains the least known of series of four ones, perhaps because the people depicted are less famous.
Exhibited at the Salon of 1885, the painting was called "The Wagnerists" by visitors, as the person seated at the piano was thought to be Camille Saint-Saëns, a composer who was an early supporter of Wagner. Adolphe Jullien, a close friend of Latour, rejected this name, saying that Fantin did not want to paint an artistic manifesto, but simply a gathering of friends, and that the score on the piano, although indistinct, was a piece by Brahms.
Description.
Eight men are depicted around a piano, from left to right:

</doc>
<doc id="31233350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233350" title="Julian Terrell">
Julian Terrell

Julian Terrell (born April 16, 1984) is a Director of Video Operations at Vanderbilt University. He also played basketball for Vanderbilt in Nashville, Tennessee.
High school career.
Terrell attended Ezell-Harding Christian School, where he played for head coach Christopher Burnette. 
As a junior (2000–2001), he led his high school team to school best 33-2 record. The only two losses came during the 1st game of the season and the TSSAA Class A State Championship game against future Vanderbilt teammate Jason Holwerda. His team lost by 3pts (57-54).
As a senior (2001–02), he averaged 17 points, 10 rebounds and 3 blocks and led Ezell-Harding (27-5) to its second TSSAA Class AA State Championship in two years. Again the Eagles lost the game, this time to Tennessee Temple 58-45. He was named first-team All-State. He was also named first-team All Mid-State.
Terrell eventually signed a National Letter of Intent with Vanderbilt University and head coach Kevin Stallings.
College career.
Terrell signed a National Letter of Intent to Vanderbilt University in November 2001. He chose Vanderbilt over the University of Alabama, University of Connecticut, University of Kentucky, and University of Tennessee due to a relationship he built with the Commodores coaching staff during the recruiting process. 
As a freshman (2002–2003), Terrell played limited minutes in 29 games averaging 4.3ppg, 3.9rpg, 48.5% FG., 48.3% FT.
As a sophomore (2003–2004), Terrell began the year as the starting center due to transfer of SEC All-Freshman Team member Brian Thornton. Terrell finished the season with averages: 6.4ppg, 4.2rpg, 49.7% FG, 59.5% FT in 32 games. 
As a junior (2004–2005), Terrell again was named a starter. Terrell finished the season with averages: 6.8ppg, 5.1rpg, 1.1bpg, 1.4asg, 50% FG, 60.5% FT in 33 games. Terrell only missed 1 game during the season due to the untimely death of his mother Rosemary Terrell. Ms. Rosemary Terrell died on January 26, 2005. A month earlier roommate and Vanderbilt University starting Running back Kwane Doster was killed on vacation in his hometown Tampa, Florida. 
During the Summer of 2005, Terrell traveled with the USA All-Star team to play in the Nationen Cup in Münster, Germany. 
As a senior (2005–2006), Terrell was named team captain by teammates and coaches. Terrell finished the season with averages: 10.5ppg, 7.2rpg, 1.2bpg, 1.8asg, 51.7% FG, 63% FT in 33 games. Terrell played and started in every game his senior year. 
Terrell graduated from Vanderbilt in May 2006 with a degree in Human and Organizational Development.
Professional career.
USA
After graduating from Vanderbilt University, Terrell was chosen to attend Washington Wizards (NBA) summer rookie training camp. 
July 2006: NBA Las Vegas Summer League (Washington Wizards): 3 games: 1.3ppg, 0.7rpg, FG: 25.0%
July 2006: NBA Summer Pro League in Long Beach (Washington Wizards)
January 2007: signed with Arkansas RimRockers of the NBA Development League: 20 games: 4.4ppg, 2.8rpg, FG: 58.3%, FT: 55.9%: waived March 10.
July 2007: HSM International Exposure Camp in Las Vegas, Nevada
Korea
August 2006: signed with KT&G Kites. Never played an official game. 
Germany
October 2006: Artland Dragons (Germany-1.Bundesliga): 5 games: 3.8ppg, 3.6rpg, FG: 42.9%, FT: 70.0%. Left Jan 2007 after replacing fellow Vanderbilt teammate Brian Thornton. 
August 2008-2009: Köln 99ers (Germany-1.Bundesliga, starting five): 32 games: 8.4ppg, 5.2rpg, 1.0apg, FGP: 52.8%, 3PT: 33.3%, FT: 59.1%
Puerto Rico
March 2007: Guayama Wizards (Puerto Rico-BSN) but left very shortly without playing any game
Turkey
August 2007: TED Kolejliler (Turkey-TBL): only pre-season
Portugal
October 2007-2008: FC Porto Ferpinta (Portugal-UZO Liga, starting five): 20 games: 11.1ppg, Reb-4(8.5rpg), 1.7apg, 1.0spg, 1.1bpg, 2FGP: 52.2%, FT: 66.0%. Won the Portugal League Cup.
August 2009-2010: Porto Ferpinta (Portugal-LPB, starting five): 33 games: 11.8ppg, 8.3rpg, 1.1apg, 1.1spg, Blocks-2(1.2bpg), FGP: 53.1%, 3PT: 30.4%, FT: 61.9%. Won Portugal League Cup and Portugal Cup. 
August 2010-2011: FC Porto Ferpinta (Portugal-LPB, starting five) currently averaging 12.9ppg, 9.4rbg, 53.8% FG, 80.4% FT, 1.6apg, 1.8 spg in 17 games. 
Regular Season Champion and League Champion for the 2010-2011 season.
United Arab Emirates
September 2011 - January 2012 Al Wasl SC Dubai
Belgium
February 2012 - May 2012 Leuven Bears Leuven, Belgium
Terrell signed a contract til the end of the season to help Leuven Bears whom were dealing with several injuries. During his time with Leuven, Terrell played in 9 games averaging 5.9ppg and 3.8rpg in 18mpg. 
Finland
October 2012 - December 2012: Kataja Basket Club Korisliiga
Terrell was signed to a 7 week contract to help Kataja during their FIBA Eurochallenge games. During the 7 weeks he played in 5 games averaging 8.6 ppg and 5.6 rpg in 25 mpg. Also playing in 5 Finnish Korsliga games, Terrell averaged 14.4 ppg and 8 rpg. 
Kosovo
February 2013 - June 2013: Sigal Prishtina
Terrell signed a contract with Sigal Prishtina to complete the 2012-2013 BKT Superleague season in February of 2013. During his time, he helped the team achieve goals of winning the Kosovo Cup Championship and reaching the finals only to lose to Peja in 3 games. 
Awards/Achievements:
Coaching Career.
In August of 2013, Terrell was hired by Kevin Stallings as the Director of Video Operations. 

</doc>
<doc id="31233354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233354" title="James Colquhoun">
James Colquhoun

James Colquhoun (7 June 1780 – 23 July 1855) was a British diplomat who represented the interests of various German cities in Great Britain.
Biography.
He was the only son of Patrick Colquhoun, who became Lord Provost of Glasgow and was a pioneer of modern policing methods. He entered St John's College, Cambridge in 1797 but left in 1798.
He was private secretary to Henry Dundas in 1806. In 1809, he was Deputy Agent-General for the payment of volunteers organized under the Volunteer Act 1804 (44 Geo.3 c.54) for the defence of Britain in the Napoleonic Wars.
Between 1817 and 1855 he was Consul-General in Great Britain for the Hanseatic cities of Hamburg, Bremen and Lübeck, signing commercial treaties on their behalf not just with Britain but with various other countries. In 1827 he became the consul-general in England representing King Anton of Saxony, and in 1848, he was appointed by Augustus, Grand Duke of Oldenburg to be his chargé d'Affaires in London. He received the star of a Commander of the Royal Saxon Order of Civil Merit, and assumed the title of Chevalier de Colquhoun. At various times he also represented the interests of the legislatures of Saint Vincent and other West Indies islands.
He was elected a fellow of the University of Glasgow, from which he also received an honorary LL.D. degree.
He had three sons and two daughters; his eldest son Patrick Colquhoun was a lawyer and a rower, and followed in his footsteps as a diplomat representing German cities.

</doc>
<doc id="31233358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233358" title="Robert Willock">
Robert Willock

Air Vice-Marshal Robert Peel Willock CB (17 December 1893 – 22 March 1973) was a senior Royal Air Force officer who commanded British Air Forces in Iraq during World War II.
RAF career.
Willcock was commissioned into the 9th (Reserve) Battalion of the Oxford and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry in 1914 and went on to serve as a Squadron Commander with the Royal Flying Corps during World War I. Following his promotion to Wing Commander in 1928, he was appointed Station Commander at RAF Kenley in 1928 before going on to be Air Attaché in Shanghai in 1933 and Director of Staff Duties at the Air Ministry in 1938. He served in World War II as Air Officer Commanding No. 21 (Training) Group. He became Air Officer Commanding AHQ Iraq and Persia in 1943 and then became Head of the RAF delegation in Washington D. C. in 1944 before retiring in 1945.
In retirement he was the Civil Aviation Adviser to the UK High Commissioner to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31233366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233366" title="Men's Semi-Contact at WAKO World Championships 2007 Coimbra -57 kg">
Men's Semi-Contact at WAKO World Championships 2007 Coimbra -57 kg

The men's 57 kg (125.4 lbs) Semi-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Coimbra was the lightest of the male Semi-Contact tournaments being the equivalent of the featherweight division when compared to Full-Contact's weight classes. There were eleven men from two continents (Europe and Asia) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Semi-Contact rules. 
As there were too few fighters for a sixteen-man tournament, five of the contestants had byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament winner was Canada's Robbie Lavoie who defeated Poland's Piotr Bąkowski in the final on points to claim gold. The two Light-Contact finalists from the earlier Belgrade event, silver medal winner Maxim Aysin from Russia and champion Dezső Debreczeni from Hungary, had to make do with bronze medal finishes. 
Results.
These matches were decided on points.

</doc>
<doc id="31233371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233371" title="Sommerville/Petitt House">
Sommerville/Petitt House

The Sommerville/Petitt House is a municipally-designated historic building located in the Nutana neighbourhood of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. The property is a -storey, stucco-and-brick house in a blended Tudor Revival and Spanish Revival style constructed in 1912. Features of the building include a tower topped with a bell-cast dome, a large arched porch with porte-cochere, and a carriage entrance supported by fieldstone pillars.

</doc>
<doc id="31233399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233399" title="John Godolphin">
John Godolphin

John Godolphin (1617–1678) was an English jurist and writer, an admiralty judge under the Commonwealth.
Life.
The second son (by Judith Meredith) of John Godolphin, who was younger brother of Sir William Godolphin (died 1613), he was born at Scilly, 29 November 1617. He became a commoner of Gloucester Hall, Oxford, in the Michaelmas term of 1632. There he studied philosophy, logic, and the civil law; he graduated as B.C.L. in 1636 and D.C.L. in 1643. 
He took the Parliamentarian side, and on 30 July 1653 was appointed judge of the admiralty, with William Clerk and Charles George Cocke. After Clarke's death Godolphin and Cock were reappointed in July 1659 to hold the same office until 10 December. After the Restoration he became one of the king's advocates.
He died near Fleet Street, 4 April 1678, and was buried in Clerkenwell Church. He was four times married, and had by his first wife a son, Sidney, who was governor of Scilly, and whose daughter Mary married Henry Godolphin.
Works.
Godolphin wrote the following books on law and divinity:

</doc>
<doc id="31233408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233408" title="Rubha Mòr">
Rubha Mòr

Rubha Mòr is a remote peninsula in west Scotland, in the western region of Ross and Cromarty. The peninsula stretches from Greenstone Point in the north to the villages of Poolewe on the southern coastline and Laide on the northern coastline. The region immediately to the east of the peninsula contains Inchgarve Forest and Fionn Loch, which feeds via the Little Gruinard River into Gruinard Bay to the north. Further south are the forests of Letterewe overlooking Loch Maree, and northeast of Fionn Loch are the forests of Fisherfield and Strathnasheallag overlooking Loch Na Sealga.
Towns.
The principal town in the area is Poolewe, on the southeasten flank of the peninsula. The A832 coastal road leads from Poolewe along the coast to the hamlet of Aultbea, whence a secondary B road leads west towards Mellon Charles, a former fishing and significant crofting hanlet. The A832 continues north, crossing the peninsula, until it reaches the northern coastline at Laide, where it turns southeast along the coast of Gruinard Bay, with another B road branching northward to the villages of Mellon Udrigle and Opinan on the western shore of the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="31233429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233429" title="Serhiy Lohinov">
Serhiy Lohinov

Serhiy Lohinov (, born on 24 August 1990 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FSC Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk in the Ukrainian First League. He has previously played for Dynamo Kyiv.
Honours.
2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship: Champion

</doc>
<doc id="31233437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233437" title="Dobrev">
Dobrev

Dobrev () is a Bulgarian surname, derived from the personal name Dobri. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31233468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233468" title="Too Old To Rock 'N' Roll Tour">
Too Old To Rock 'N' Roll Tour

The "Too Old To Rock 'N' Roll Tour" was a 1976 European and North American concert tour by the English rock group Jethro Tull. The tour began on 26 April in London, England and ended on 25 August in Calgary, Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="31233470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233470" title="Milan Vasić">
Milan Vasić

Milan Vasić (Donja Pecka, Mrkonjić Grad, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes December 19, 1928 — Banja Luka, Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina December 26, 2003) was a historian, member of the Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Republika Srpska since 1997 and its president in 2003. He was corresponding member of the Academy of Science and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina since 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31233471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233471" title="Kiehl Frazier">
Kiehl Frazier

Kiehl Frazier (born October 2, 1992) is an American football quarterback and safety. He currently attends Ouachita Baptist University. He attended Auburn University for three years. He beat out returning quarterback Clint Moseley for the starting quarterback position for the 2012 Auburn Tigers football team.
High school career.
Led his team to three Class 4A state championships his last three years and earned MVP honors all three years at Shiloh Christian School. Named USA Today's National Offensive Player of the Year. During senior season, passed for 2,975 yards and 42 touchdowns and rushed for 1,164 yards and 22 TDs. Listed as the nation's No. 2 quarterback by ESPN.com/Scouts Inc. and the No. 47 player overall on the ESPNU 150. Named an All-American, the nation's No. 4 quarterback and the No. 1 recruit from Arkansas by SuperPrep and the No. 26 overall player nationally in the SuperPrep Elite 50. Played in the Under Armour All-American game. Selected to play for USA Football's 2011 U.S. Under-19 National Team in the Team USA vs. the World game on Feb. 2.
College career.
In 2011, as a true freshman, Frazier appeared in ten games, connected on 5-of-12 passes for 34 yards and rushed 76 times for 327 yards and three touchdowns. On December 31, 2011, Frazier ran for 55 yards and two touchdowns serving in a wildcat role during a 43–24 victory over the University of Virginia. After the 2013 season, Frazier transferred to Ouachita Baptist University.

</doc>
<doc id="31233472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233472" title="2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 800 metres">
2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 800 metres

The Men's 800 metres event at the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on March 6–8.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 3 of each semifinals qualified directly (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31233491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233491" title="Erik Morales vs. Marcos Maidana">
Erik Morales vs. Marcos Maidana

Erik Morales vs. Marcos Maidana, billed as Action Heroes, was a boxing light welterweight fight for the Interim WBA Light Welterweight championship. The bout took place on April 9 at MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
Morales, a Mexican legend and a five time world champion at three different weight classes, made his mark in the Junior Welterweight division by obtaining the WBC Silver light welterweight title in September 2010 and defening it in December of the same year. Following his last bout, he expressed his desire to fight Juan Manuel Marquez, however Marquez turned this fight down and then the matchup was made with Maidana through Golden Boy Promotions.
Maidana was coming from a twelve round decision loss against current title-holder Amir Khan in December 2010, his second shot at a world title. This was his chance to start back on the road to another full title shot.
Background.
Erik Morales.
Morales officially ended his retirement on March 27, 2010 by returning and defeating Jose Alfaro. Morales' precision and stamina overcame Alfaro; easily defeating him via unanimous decision. In his second fight after returning to the ring Erik Morales fought Willie Limond. Limond started strong in the first three rounds being very quick, elusive, and staying away from Morales' reach. Morales threw body shots to slow his opponent down and fought very conservative until Limond started getting tired. The fight was stopped as Limond could not carry on and won the WBC Silver World Light Welterweight title. He then defended his title against tough challenger Francisco Lorenzo and won by unanimous decision.
Marcos Maidana.
In his first shot at a major world title, Maidana lost via points decision to the rugged Andriy Kotelnik somewhat controversially, a result that had a lot of observers questioning the judges. After that he went on to win the WBA Interim belt by stopping prospect Victor Ortiz, both of them exchanging knockdowns.
He made three successful defenses before challenging reigning champion Amir Khan, 2 of which were by knockouts. In an anticipated match between two exciting junior-welterweights there was bound to be fireworks. Khan defeated Maidana by unanimous decision, and the championship fight received a lot of recognition as 2010's Fight of the Year.
The Fight.
In the first round, Maidana came out with ferocity as expected and proceeded to batter his older opponent around the ring. He landed multiple power punches, including an uppercut that opened a huge swelling over Morales' left eye which worsened over the course of the fight, and when the Mexican walked back to his corner having taken a large amount of punishment in the opening three minutes most observers felt their predictions were being fulfilled. The one-sided nature of the bout continued for the next couple of rounds, but then at the end of the third round Morales begin to fight back and landed a hard combination to the head of Maidana and the tide began to turn.
From the fourth round onwards and although he was effectively fighting with one eye, Morales gave as good as he got and was landing the cleaner more effective shots, albeit occasionally being swarmed by the sheer number of punches being landed in return by the relentless Maidana. The fight became a see-saw affair and then, in the eighth round, Morales hit Maidana with a huge left hook that almost stopped the Argentinian. The next couple of rounds continued in this fashion, with Maidana using his strength and stamina to bully Morales and the Mexican using his sharper punching and ring intelligence to land effective counters and combinations. The fight was fast turning into a modern classic.
In the "championship rounds" (the eleventh and twelfth), Morales seemed to tire and Maidana took advantage, overwhelming him with his strength and punishing the ageing warrior continually to the head and body. Maidana finished the fight much the stronger of the two and his late surge gave him the win on the scorecards, 116-112 twice with the third judge scoring the fight a draw, 114-114.
With this victory, Maidana put himself firmly back in the title picture, being awarded the interim WBA championship and putting himself back up with the division's elite in Khan and Timothy Bradley. The true glory on the night however went to Morales, who turned back the clock with an outstanding performance against the odds and against a host of seeming disadvantages, and possibly winning the fight in the eyes of some observers. Morales asked for a rematch in the near future and Maidana also seemed keen in the post-fight interviews, possibly for July 30 if the matchup can be arranged. No-one will be complaining if the rematch were to take place and it was anywhere near as good as their first meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="31233500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233500" title="Aller Sand Pit">
Aller Sand Pit

Aller Sand Pit () is a 0.22 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Devon, notified in 1969. It is the type section for the Aller Gravel.

</doc>
<doc id="31233568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233568" title="Katherine M. H. Blackford">
Katherine M. H. Blackford

Katherine M. H. Blackford, M.D. (born 18 Mar 1875, Kansas as Katherine Melvina Huntsinger; died 11 Sep 1958, San Diego), was a pioneering writer on human resources. She also wrote books on "character expert", which went into many editions. 
She was born Katherine Melvina Huntsinger, daughter of Henry and Catherine (Schock) Huntsinger, and married Everett F. Blackford in 1899 in Jackson, Missouri. She later married Arthur William Newcomb, b. 21 Jun 1873, Sun Prairie, Wisconsin, on 28 Nov 1912 in Chicago. Newcomb went on to edit Katherine M. H. Blackford's books and co-author several others. He became the director of the Blackford School of Character Analysis in New York City. She was a frequent lecturer on the subject. 
Both Blackford and Newcomb had an association with Harrington Emerson.
Blackford's significant books include:

</doc>
<doc id="31233571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233571" title="Cristián Verón">
Cristián Verón

Cristián Verón (born July 14, 1979 in El Talar, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Deportes La Serena of the Primera División in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="31233594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233594" title="Ola Lilith">
Ola Lilith

Olya Lilith (Lillith, Lolya Tsederboym, Laja Cederbaum) 1906-1980 was a Polish Jewish singer and actress.
Born in Otvotsk. By 1925, her singing (in Warsaw) attracted the attention of "Kvi Pro Kvo (Qui Pro Quo)" actor Boronski; it was he who suggested changing her stage name (Federovska) to Ola Lilith. Her husband Władysław Godik convinced her to sing in Yiddish and to join him in founding the famous Warsaw Yiddish nightclub (kleynkunstbine) "Azazel" in 1925. She sang as a soloist and in duets with Hanush (Ganushem) and Makhevski. She then performed with the "Qui Pro Quo" troupe – and on her own – throughout Poland and, later, all of Europe, with Vladislav Godik (Willy Godnick) and later with Boris Thomashefsky and Ruth Rene in Czechoslovakia, Austria, France, Berlin, Holland and England.
She was brought to America by Joseph Rumshinsky and Menashe Skulnick; she performed in New York in 1931 and played the title role in Rumshinsky's Second Avenue production "A Maiden from Warsaw," with leading man Willy Godick, and subsequently the musical comedy "Pleasure". Mordechai Yardeini called her the "Yiddish Edith Piaf."
Lilith gave concerts in Yiddish, and then in English, in Vaudeville RKO. She returned to Europe in the years just prior to World War II. It has mistakenly been said that she died in a Nazi concentration camp. Instead, after her divorce she emigrated to the United States and became a U.S. citizen in 1935. She refused to join the Yiddish Theater union, calling their audition process "The Inquisition". She sang and performed on WEVD radio programs in New York. Her last acting role was in "Ven di zun geyt oyf (Sunrise, When the Sun Rises)" with Ludwig Satz and Edmund Zayenda in 1941. She subsequently joined the American army and remarried, to a non-Jewish contractor named Benton (first name unknown); they settled in Miami Springs, Florida, where she died.

</doc>
<doc id="31233631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233631" title="Gladys Davis (baseball)">
Gladys Davis (baseball)

Gladys Davis [״Terrie״] (born September 1, 1919) is a former Canadian shortstop and outfielder who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League between the and seasons. Listed at 5' 5", 130 lb., Davis batted and threw right handed. She was born in Toronto, Ontario. 
Terrie Davis was one of the 57 players born in Canada to join the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League in its twelve years history. She was among the top players in the early years of the circuit, winning the first batting champion title in 1943, being selected to the first All-Star Game, and as a member of the champion team in 1944. Noted for her enthusiastic and great knowledge of the game, she excelled defensively at shortstop, second base and all three outfield positions. Basically a line-drive hitter, she had a compact swing and tremendous plate discipline, collecting a significant .336 on-base percentage and a 2.05 walk-to-strikeout ratio (113-to-55) in a span of three years.
The All-American Girls Professional Baseball League operated from 1943 through 1954 and started with four teams: the Racine Belles and the Kenosha Comets, both from Wisconsin; the Rockford Peaches from Illinois, and the South Bend Blue Sox from Indiana. League play officially began on May 30, 1943 with the teams Kenosha Comets, Racine Belles, Rockford Peaches and South Bend Blue Sox. Each team was made up of fifteen girls.
Davis joined the Rockford team to become one of the sixty original founding members of the league. Her hitting was good enough to win the batting title win a .331 average in 102 games. She also led the league in total bases (155), finished second in hits (116), four behind South Bend's Betsy Jochum, and ranked third in home runs (4), runs batted in (58) and runs scored (78), while tying for second in triples (10). During the midseason took effect the first All-Star Game of the league, which coincidentally became the first night game ever played at Wrigley Field (July 1, 1943). The contest was played under temporary lights between two teams composed of Belles and Comets players against Blue Sox and Peaches players. At the end of the season, she was selected to the All-Star Team.
By 1944 the AAGPBL added two teams, the Milwaukee Chicks and the Minneapolis Millerettes. Davis divided her playing time between Rockford and Milwaukee, hitting a combined .246 average with 42 runs and 34 RBI in 80 games. The Chicks then went on to win the Championship Title, beating Kenosha in the best-of-seven series behind a strong pitching effort by Connie Wisniewski, who went 4-1 with a 0.40 ERA in five complete games, while Davis led the team with a .333 average (9-for-27), three runs, three RBI, and eight stolen bases.
Davis was married and had a child before joining the league. She missed the 1945 season and returned with the expansion Muskegon Lassies during the 1946 midseason. She dropped to .202 in 58 games, driving in 31 runs while scoring 22 times, during what turned out to be her AAGPBL final season. 
After retiring, Davis focused on her family and interior designing business in Toronto. In 1998, she was inducted into the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame. She is also part of the AAGPBL permanent display at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum at Cooperstown, New York, opened in , which is dedicated to the entire league rather than any individual personalities.
Career statistics.
Batting 
Fielding

</doc>
<doc id="31233633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233633" title="Perry Finnbogason">
Perry Finnbogason

Perry Finnbogason (born October 9, 1993) became part of the Vancouver film and television industry. Although Perry's career got off to a rocky start with an unfortunate run-in with Tony Danza during the filming of "Stealing Christmas", the child star went on to enjoy a successful acting career. Perry is perhaps most famous for playing Henry Armstrong in season one of the comedy sitcom "Robson Arms".

</doc>
<doc id="31233634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233634" title="Nearer My God to Thee (disambiguation)">
Nearer My God to Thee (disambiguation)

"Nearer, My God, to Thee" is a 19th-century Christian hymn by Sarah Flower Adams.
Nearer My God to Thee may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31233635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233635" title="Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Republika Srpska">
Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Republika Srpska

The Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Republika Srpska (, АНУРС / "Akademija nauka i umjetnosti Republike Srpske", ANURS) is highest representative institution in the Republika Srpska of science and art founded in 1996. It has four departments – Department of Social Sciences, Department of Literature and Arts, Department of Natural, Mathematical and Technical Sciences and the Department of Medical Sciences. It is based in Banja Luka.

</doc>
<doc id="31233639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233639" title="Inquilaab – The Story of Junoon">
Inquilaab – The Story of Junoon

Inquilaab – The Story of Junoon is a 44 minute radio broadcast documentary presented by Omar Bilal Akhtar, broadcast on City FM 89, on March 13, 2009. The documentary explores the journey of the South Asian rock music band Junoon and the struggle they face to become one of the biggest band in the world.
Synopsis.
The documentary follows the journey of the South Asian rock music band Junoon and the struggle they face to become one of the biggest band in the world. Salman Ahmad, lead guitarist, parted ways the most successful pop band of Pakistan, Vital Signs as he wanted a change in the band's music for their second album and therefore after leaving the band he went on to form his own band. First, he recruited singer Ali Azmat from the Jupiters and then the former Vital Signs lead guitarist, Nusrat Hussain, on keyboards. The name of band comes from when Salman Ahmad had a dream where one of his teachers shook him and said "Tumhey mousiqui ka Junoon hai!" (You have an obsession for music!). The band then released their self-titled debut album Junoon barely made a dent in the Pakistani music industry when released in 1991. After the release of their debut album, Nusrat Hussain parted ways with the band to pursue his own professional career. After the departure of Nusrat Hussain, Salman Ahmad contacted Brian O'Connell and invited him to play bass on the band's second album. In 1993, Junoon released their second album "Talaash" which began to create a cult of a following for the band. Singles from the album, such as "Talaash", were politically influenced and became subject to censorship, which led to the eventual ban from all state run television and radio during the rule of by then the Pakistani Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif.
After a gap of four years the band released their third album "Inquilaab" by which Junoon started to gain success and began to reach a wider audience when one of their singles, "Jazba-e-Junoon". in 1997, Junoon released their fourth studio album, Azadi, which was the band's first international record deal which led the band win many international music awards and they were now recognized internationally. After two year, Junoon then released their fifth studio album, "Parvaaz", which was recorded and mixed at Abbey Road Studios in London and was hailed by many critics as the finest work by Junoon. The band then released their sixth studio album in 2001, "Andaz" and then releasing their seventh studio album, "Dewaar" in 2007. After the release of the album Brian O'Connell went back to United States. Salman Ahmad and Ali Azmat both went on to pursue a career as a solo singer.
Reception.
"Inquilaab – The Story of Junoon" aired on March 13, 2009 on City FM 89 in Pakistan was inducted into the City FM 89 Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="31233654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233654" title="Hornberg Castle">
Hornberg Castle

Hornberg Castle () is a partially ruined castle located on a steep outcrop above the Neckar valley above the village Neckarzimmern, between Bad Wimpfen and Mosbach. It is the largest and oldest of the castles in the valley.
History.
The original castle was built in the 11th century. It is notable as the stronghold of Götz von Berlichingen who bought it in 1517, and who died there in 1562. The castle was bought by Reinhard of Gemmingen in 1612 and remains in possession of the Gemmingen-Hornberg family today. It was uninhabited from 1738 and left to decay until 1825, when it was partially restored. It has housed a museum since 1968.
It also housed students from the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point College of Natural Resources for an annual summer exchange program.

</doc>
<doc id="31233666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233666" title="Juan José Longhini">
Juan José Longhini

Juan José Longhini (born August 5, 1984 in Olavarría, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Unión Central of the Copa Simón Bolívar in Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="31233667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233667" title="Volodymyr Kovalyuk">
Volodymyr Kovalyuk

Volodymyr Vasylyovych Kovalyuk (, born on 3 March 1972 in Kosiv, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) was a professional Ukrainian football defender and midfielder who has previously played for Karpaty Lviv, Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk, Dynamo Kyiv and FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
Korolyuk after retiring from active football playing, in February 16, 2012 was appointed as the head coach of the FC Enerhetyk Burshtyn in the Ukrainian First League.

</doc>
<doc id="31233684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233684" title="Brian S. Brown">
Brian S. Brown

Brian S. Brown is an American co-founder of the National Organization for Marriage (NOM), and has served as its President since 2010, having previously served as Executive Director. The National Organization for Marriage is a non-profit political organization established in 2007 to work against legalization of same-sex marriage in the United States. NOM’s mission is “protecting marriage and the faith communities that sustain it.”
Activism.
In 2001, Brown became the executive director of the Family Institute of Connecticut, a socially conservative organization. He was NOM's executive director from its founding in 2007 and was additionally named president in 2010, succeeding Maggie Gallagher. On February 10, 2002 Brown presented a testimony in front of the Connecticut House Judiciary Committee on HB 5002 and HB 5001 NOM led the initiative to pass California’s Proposition 8 resulting in Brown having spent more than 5 years promoting a cause deemed unconstitutional at the US District Court level in "Hollingsworth v. Perry".  
NOM Sues The IRS.
In October 2013, Brown announced that The National Organization for Marriage filed a lawsuit in federal court against the Internal Revenue Service for illegally releasing confidential tax documents to the Human Rights Campaign.
Starbucks boycott.
Brian Brown in 2012 announced that NOM would launch a global "Dump Starbucks” campaign in response to Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz, citing the company's support for same sex marriage.
Personal life and beliefs.
Brown was raised in Whittier, California. As a teenager he became interested in conservative writings, natural law, and issues of religious liberty. At age 25 he converted from Quakerism to Roman Catholicism. He has a bachelor's degree from Whittier College, a master's degree in modern history from Oxford University, and is a C.Phil. at UCLA.

</doc>
<doc id="31233696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233696" title="Sapho (play)">
Sapho (play)

Sapho was a 1900 American play by Clyde Fitch, based on an 1884 French novel of the same name by Alphonse Daudet and an 1885 play by Daudet and Adolphe Belot. It was at the center of a sensational New York City indecency trial involving the play’s star and producer/director, Olga Nethersole. The play was not an exceptional success but the incident is considered a notable step in the transformation of American society’s attitudes regarding gender roles and public depictions of sex in the 20th century.
The play.
British actress Olga Nethersole asked prominent American playwright Clyde Fitch to adapt Sapho, telling the story from the point of view of the lead female character rather than the male character as was done with the original novel and play. Nethersole produced, directed and starred. The play’s official billing is "Sapho, a play in four acts by Clyde Fitch. Founded on the novel by Alphonse Daudet, with scenes from the play by Alphonse Daudet and Adolphe Belot". 
"Sapho" is a so-called “problem play”, centering on a woman who has love affairs with men to whom she is not married. Nethersole had already added two such dramas, "Camille" and " The Second Mrs. Tanqueray", to her ongoing repertoire. "Sapho’s" lead character, Fanny LeGrand, seduces a naïve man named Jean Gaussin. In the scene that caused the most furor, the two characters ascend a spiral staircase together, presumably toward a bedroom though that is never shown or stated. In the end, LeGrand leaves Gaussin to reform and marry the father of her child.
The play has 23 characters, plus “Danseuses” (dancers).
After out-of-town tryouts in Chicago and other cities, "Sapho" opened in New York at the old (1882-1904) Wallack’s Theatre on Broadway and 30th Street on February 5, 1900. Reviews were negative and the press predicted it would flop. The show’s notoriety kept it going however, and it ran in New York for a total of 83 performances in 1900. From 1901 through 1913 Nethersole took it on tour to cities throughout America, as well as London and Australia. She brought the play back to New York in 1905, 1908, 1910 and 1913, in the later years sometimes just playing the third act. The play remained controversial, with municipal authorities in some cities continuing to ban performances entirely or insisting on changes in dialogue or costume.
Actors playing Jean Gaussin in the Nethersole productions included Hamilton Revelle (February through May 1900), G. Harrison Hunter (November 1900, and 1910), Slaine Mills (1905), and Winnington Barnes (1913).
The original Broadway choreographer was Carl Marwig and settings were by Ernest Albert.
Indecency trial.
Representatives of groups such as the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice, the Society for the Study of Life, and the New York Mother’s Club, protested that the play’s language and costumes were immoral. Some of the outcry was fuelled by yellow journalism, with trial witnesses admitting their tickets had been provided by "New York World" reporters. New York District Attorney Asa Bird Gardiner ordered Nethersole, her co-star, and two managers arrested on February 21, and police closed the theatre on March 5. Following a month of intense public and press interest (during which Nethersole and her company performed different plays) and a two-day trial, a jury spent 15 minutes acquitting Nethersole and the others. The play reopened the two days later, on April 7.
The "Sapho" indecency trial is a well-known step in the transition from the era of Victorian morality as it existed in America, particularly as regards attitudes toward onstage depictions of gender, intimacy and sex. According to Olga Nethersole’s 1951 obituary, “During the Comstock era...when a public kiss on the mouth was considered an indecency...Nethersole typified the growing revolt against prudery and was a stanch advocate of women’s right and intellectual independence.”
Some historians theorize that the authorities treated Nethersole more harshly than women appearing in other “courtesan” plays because she was a manager in addition to an actress, which upset other contemporary social norms regarding the roles of men and women.

</doc>
<doc id="31233705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233705" title="Milltown, County Cavan">
Milltown, County Cavan

Milltown (, meaning "town of the mill") formerly known as Belnaleck is a village in County Cavan, Ireland. It is from the town of Killeshandra and is situated near Ardan Lough and Drumlane Lough and is known for Drumlane Monastery, a sixth-century monastery and round tower located south of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="31233717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233717" title="List of Kurdish dynasties and countries">
List of Kurdish dynasties and countries

This is a list of Kurdish dynasties, countries and autonomous territories.

</doc>
<doc id="31233726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233726" title="Ivory Island">
Ivory Island

Ivory Island Lightstation is located 14 miles northwest of Bella Bella on the junction of Seaforth Channel and Milbanke Sound on the Inside Passage of British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="31233727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233727" title="Doron Avital">
Doron Avital

Dr Doron Shalom Avital (, born 22 January 1959) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima between 2011 and 2013.
Biography.
Born in the Brit Ahim youth village near Bustan HaGalil, Avital moved to the Katamon neighbourhood of Jerusalem as a child. During the 1982 Lebanon War he served as commander of Battalion 202. Between 1992 and 1994 he was commander of Sayeret Matkal. For the 2009 Knesset elections, he was placed thirty-second on the Kadima list. Although he failed to win a seat, he entered the Knesset as a replacement for the deceased Ze'ev Boim in 2011.
Avital was placed seventh on the Kadima list for the 2013 elections, losing his seat as the party was reduced to two MKs.
He holds a BA in mathematics and computer science, a master's degree in history and philosophy of science, both from Tel Aviv University, as well as a PhD in logic and philosophy from Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="31233730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233730" title="Copa Bionaire">
Copa Bionaire

The Copa Bionaire is a tournament for female professional tennis players played on outdoor clay courts. The event is classified as a WTA 125s tournament. It has been held annually in Cali, Colombia, since 2008. The first edition of the tournament was held in Bogotá in 2007.
History.
The first Copa Bionaire took place at the Country Club Los Arrayanes in Bogotá with more than 55 players participating from 13 different countries around the world. The winner was Brazilian Teliana Pereira and the runner up was Federica Piedade of Portugal. In the doubles category the winners were Joana Cortés and Roxana Vaisemnberg of Brazil. 
The second Copa Bionaire was held in the Farallones Club in Cali, Colombia as the largest ITF female tennis event and most important held in the city that year. More than 61 players participated from 19 countries worldwide. The winner in the singles category was Matilde Johansson of France, having defeated Canadian Ekaterina Shulaeva. In doubles, the winners were Mailen Auroux of Argentina and Estefania Craciún from Uruguay. 
The third annual Copa Bionaire was the most important ITF professional women's tournament in Latin America. It took place at the Country Club and had 56 players participating from 25 different countries, three of the players were ranked in the top 100 female tennis players in the WTA rankings. The winner was Anastasiya Yakimova of Belarus who beat Rosanna de los Ríos of Paraguay. In doubles, the winners were Betina Jozami from Argentina and Arantxa Parra Santonja from Spain.
The fourth annual Copa Bionaire was the most important ITF professional women's tournament in Latin America that year. It took place at the Cali Country Club and had 62 players participating from 20 different countries, six of the players were ranked in the top 100 female tennis players in the WTA such as Polona Hercog of Solvenia who won that year, beating Colombian Mariana Duque. In doubles, the winning team was Hercog and Edina Gallovits of Romania. 
The Copa Bionaire has become the most relevant ITF women's professional tournament in all of Latin America. Once again, the tournament took place at the Cali Country Club and had 58 players participating from 22 different countries around the world, five of which were ranked in the top 100 and 23 in the top 200. The winner was Irina-Camelia Begu of Romania who also won the doubles tournament with teammate and fellow Romanian Elena Bogdan.
In February 2012 the VI Copa Bionaire took place with an increased prize of $100,000+H, offering a higher ranking for WTA players. The ITF considers the Copa Bionaire as the most important tennis cup in Latin America bringing together some of the best international female tennis players to Cali.
Currently (February 2013) the VI Copa Bionaire is taking place and has a record prize money of $125,000+H, evolving into an even bigger tournament and offering a higher ranking for WTA players. The WTA category tournament kicks off the women's tennis cirucit in Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="31233772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233772" title="James Dunne O'Connell">
James Dunne O'Connell

James Dunne O'Connell was a United States Army Lieutenant General who was noteworthy for serving as Chief of the United States Army Signal Corps.
Early life.
O'Connell was born in Chicago, Illinois on September 25, 1899. He was educated in Chicago, graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1922 and was commissioned a Second Lieutenant of infantry.
Start of military career.
After completing his initial infantry assignment, in 1925 O'Connell graduated from the Signal School at Camp Alfred Vail, New Jersey.
During the early 1920s he served as communications officer for the 35th Infantry Regiment at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii, and commanded a company in the 24th Infantry Regiment.
In 1928 O'Connell was assigned as an instructor at the Signal School. In 1930 he received a Master's degree in communications engineering from Yale University.
O'Connell graduated from the Army's Command and General Staff College in 1937. He was then assigned to Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, first as a project officer and later as executive officer (second in command) of the Army's Signal Corps Laboratories.
World War II.
During World War II, O'Connell served initially in the Office of the Chief Signal Officer as head of the General Development Branch. He was then assigned as executive officer of the Signal Supply Service. O'Connell also served on the staff of the 12th Army Group in England, France and Germany.
Post World War II.
When the war ended, O'Connell returned to the United States as Chief of Engineering at the Signal Corps Engineering Laboratories at Fort Monmouth, which he subsequently commanded.
O'Connell served as Signal Officer of the Eighth Army in Japan from 1947 to 1948, afterwards serving as Chief Signal Officer of the Second Army.
From 1955 to 1959 O'Connell was assigned as the Army's Chief Signal Officer.
Military retirement and awards.
General O'Connell retired in 1959. His military awards included the Distinguished Service Medal and the Legion of Merit.
Civilian career.
After leaving the Army O'Connell was Vice President of the General Telephone and Electronics Laboratories in Palo Alto, California for three years, and he spent two years as a consultant with the Stanford Research Institute and manager of its Washington, D.C. office.
O'Connell was a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, and chaired its Joint Technical Advisory Committee from 1961 to 1964.
In 1964 O'Connell joined the staff of President Lyndon Johnson, serving until 1969 as Special Assistant to the President for Telecommunications and Director of Telecommunications Management in the Office of Emergency Planning.
Retirement and death.
After retiring from full-time employment in 1969, O'Connell resided in Bethesda, Maryland and Boca Raton, Florida. From 1978 to 1982 he served on the Secretary of Commerce's Frequency Management Advisory Council. He died of cancer at Walter Reed Hospital. General O'Connell was buried at Arlington National Cemetery on July 29, 1984.
Personal.
In 1933 O'Connell married Edith Chase Scholosberg (born 1908), who died in 1965. He was survived by his second wife, Helen and two children, Peter D. O'Connell of Bethesda and Sally Ann O'Connell of Fairbanks, Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="31233790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233790" title="Jonathan Tiffoney">
Jonathan Tiffoney

Jonathan Tiffoney is a Scottish footballer, currently playing for Alloa Athletic FC. He has played at under-21 level for Scotland, in a closed door friendly match against Greenock Morton at Cappielow. In which he provided the cross for the winner.
Career.
Ayr United.
Jonathan Tiffoney stepped up from the Ayr United Youth Academy in the summer before the 2010-11 season. "Tiff" made his first competitive start for Ayr United against Airdrie United at Recreation Park, Alloa. After quickly establishing himself at the Right-back position, he signed a deal to stay at the "Honest Men" until 2012. Tiffoney scored an own goal in the Play-off Final at Glebe Park against Brechin City. Tiffoney scored his first goal for "United" against Raith Rovers at Somerset Park in the Boxing Day fixture. At the end of the 2011-12 season, Tiffoney was given the official 'Young Player of the Year' by the club, voted by the clubs supporters.
Alloa Athletic.
In January 2013 Tiffoney signed for Alloa Athletic, playing four games for the club.
Limerick.
Tiffoney joined Limerick for the 2013 League of Ireland season. However he left the club shortly after.
Alloa Athletic.
In March 2013, Tiffoney returned for a second spell at Alloa. On 15 May 2013, he scored as Alloa defeated Dunfermline Athletic 3-0 in the first leg of the SFL First Division play-off which Alloa won over two legs to gain promotion to the First Division. On 28 July 2013, Tiffoney signed a new contract with Alloa, however due to a contract dispute with Ayr United he is only signed as an amateur.

</doc>
<doc id="31233800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233800" title="2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 800 metres">
2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 800 metres

The Women's 800 metres event at the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on March 6–8.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 6 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 3 of each semifinals qualified directly (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31233802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233802" title="Eriogonum gypsophilum">
Eriogonum gypsophilum

Eriogonum gypsophilum is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common names Seven River Hills buckwheat and gypsum wild buckwheat. It is endemic to the state of New Mexico in the United States, where it is known from only three sites in Eddy County. It is limited to a specific type of soil which is high in gypsum. The plant has been federally listed as a threatened species of the United States since 1981.
This rare plant can be found at three locations in Eddy County, New Mexico: the Seven River Hills, the Black River, and the Ben Slaughter Draw, a small, sloping valley. The plant only grows on gypsum substrates, including outcrops of gypsum rock and areas with gypsum soils. There are few other plants in this barren, rocky habitat, except for other gypsophiles. Plants that grow with the buckwheat on this nearly pure gypsum substrate include "Coldenia hispidissima", "Mentzelia humilis", and "Anulocaulis leiosolenus". This area is within the Chihuahuan Desert and surrounding habitat includes creosote scrub.
This plant is a perennial herb which usually reproduces vegetatively, by producing new stems from its rhizome, in effect cloning itself. Sometimes it reproduces sexually by making seed, however, the habitat and climate where it grows is often unsuitable for germination. Because many plants are clones rather than separate genetic individuals it is difficult to estimate the true number of plants existing. One estimate suggests there are 11,000 to 18,000 plants in each of the three populations. It is possible that more populations exist in unsurveyed gypsum rock habitat across the Eddy County border, in the state of Texas, but much of this habitat is on private land and is not open for exploration.
This wild buckwheat species produces erect stems up to 20 centimeters tall and bearing inflorescences of many tiny bright yellow flowers in headlike clusters or cymes. The base of the plant is surrounded by a mat of green leaves growing on the branching caudex.
The plant is found on an area of land measuring under total. Much of the plant's habitat, including half of the Black River and Ben Slaughter Draw tracts and most all of the Seven River Hills, is protected within the bounds of Bureau of Land Management oversight. In addition, the BLM will manage this land through the year 2028, even if the plant loses federal protection. The main threat to the species is habitat destruction during gypsum mining and oil and gas exploration, but this is prevented in BLM territory. There was only one population of the plant known in 1981 when it was federally listed; the other two have been discovered since, increasing the known abundance. In 2007, this factor, plus the lack of threats to the species as long as BLM protection is in place, led the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to suggest the species be delisted, or removed from the endangered species list.

</doc>
<doc id="31233806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233806" title="Ain't That Lovin' You, Baby (Jimmy Reed song)">
Ain't That Lovin' You, Baby (Jimmy Reed song)

"Ain't That Lovin' You, Baby" is an upbeat blues song written and recorded by Jimmy Reed. The single reached number eight in the Billboard R&B chart in late March 1956. Backing Reed (guitar, harmonica, and vocal) are Eddie Taylor (guitar), Vernel Fournier (drums), and an unknown guitarist.
"Ain't That Lovin' You Baby" has been recorded by a variety of artists, including Link Wray, Dale Hawkins, Ronnie Hawkins, The Everly Brothers on "Gone, Gone, Gone", Etta James on "Etta James Rocks the House", Eric Clapton on "Blues", Steve Miller on "Living in the 20th Century", and The Youngbloods on their first eponymous album.

</doc>
<doc id="31233862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233862" title="Witches' hat">
Witches' hat

Witches' hat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31233864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233864" title="Maksym Borovkov">
Maksym Borovkov

Maksym Valeriyovych Borovkov (, born on 5 April 1977, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder and forward who plays for FSC Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk in the Ukrainian First League. He has previously played for FC Metalurh Novomoskovsk, FC Elektrometalurh-NZF Nikopol, FC Krasyliv, FC Podillya Khmelnytskyi, Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk and FC Desna Chernihiv.

</doc>
<doc id="31233898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233898" title="Ariel Gustavo Pereyra">
Ariel Gustavo Pereyra

Ariel Gustavo Pereyra (born 2 October 1973) is an Argentine retired footballer that played as centre back. He played more than of 200 games at the Argentine Primera División and his last club was Unión La Calera.
Pereyra began his football career at Gimnasia de La Plata youth ranks at a very young age, being after promoted to the first adult team in the 1992–93 season, making his official debut against Belgrano in a 1–1 draw. After nine years in that club, in 2002, he joined to Colón de Santa Fe and then to Argentine powerhouse San Lorenzo de Almagro, two years later.
In January 2007, Pereyra moved to Chilean Primera División club Huachipato, playing the Apertura Tournament, in where his team qualified to the Copa Sudamericana of that year, being immediately eliminated by Colo-Colo. After of fail to play the Clausura Tournament, he joined to Primera B side of the same country, Unión La Calera, in where he finished his football career, after of play just 15 games in the second tier tournament.
After of his retirement, Pereyra accepted the work of be the coach of the youth ranks of his former club Gimnasia de La Plata, declaring also that he wants direct the first adult team of Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="31233904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233904" title="Emma Åberg">
Emma Åberg

Emma Åberg (born on the 8 November 1984) is a Swedish actress best known for her critically acclaimed role as the vampire Vega in the Swedish hit horror film "Frostbite". She made her film debut in the 2004 remake of "Language of Love".

</doc>
<doc id="31233912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233912" title="Sherman Cochran">
Sherman Cochran

Sherman Cochran (; born 1940) is Hu Shih Professor Emeritus of Chinese history at Cornell University. 
Early Life.
Cochran was born in St. Johns, Portland, Oregon in 1940. He is a graduate of Roosevelt High School. He was a football player in college and won three-year football letterman and received All-Ivy League Honorable Mention in his junior year. He completed his B.A. at Yale University in 1962. Cochran became interested in Chinese history when he lived in Hong Kong immediately after graduating from college. At the time, he was teaching English under the Yale-China Association Program at New Asia College in Kowloon. Cochran then decided to become a Chinese historian and completed his M.A. and Ph.D. at Yale in 1967 and 1975, respectively, where he was a student of Mary C. Wright and Jonathan Spence.
Academic career.
Cochran joined the Cornell faculty in 1973 as an assistant professor and was promoted to full professor in 1986. He was a Fellow at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, Washington, D.C. between 1998 and 1999, and the Henry Luce Senior Fellow at the National Humanities Center, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, between 2002 and 2003. Cochran was appointed the Hu Shih Professor of Chinese History in July 2004. 
In May 2010, the China and Asia-Pacific Studies (CAPS) Program at Cornell decided to establish the Sherman Cochran Prize in honor of Professor Cochran, Hu Shih Professor of Chinese History and CAPS founding director, for his great contribution to the establishment and development of the program.
Cochran is married to historian Maria Cristina Garcia, a historian of immigration and refugee history, who also works at Cornell. He retired in 2012 but maintains an active research program.
Publications.
Books
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="31233919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233919" title="Cactus Forest, Arizona">
Cactus Forest, Arizona

Cactus Forest is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pinal County, Arizona, United States. The population was 594 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 594 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 217.4 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 86.70% White, 1.52% Black or African American, 4.38% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 4.71% from other races, and 2.53% from two or more races. 21.38% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31233920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233920" title="Maroneia-Sapes">
Maroneia-Sapes

Maroneia-Sapes () is a municipality in the Rhodope regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Sapes.
Municipality.
The municipality Maroneia-Sapes was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31233962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233962" title="Men's Football at the 2011 Pacific Games">
Men's Football at the 2011 Pacific Games

The 2011 Pacific Games men's football tournament was the 13th edition of Pacific Games men's football tournament. The competition was held in New Caledonia from 27 August to 9 September 2011 with the final played at the Stade Numa-Daly in Nouméa.
Twelve men's teams competed at the Games, with the top five teams advancing to the 2012 Pacific Cup with New Zealand national under-23 football team in February 2012.
The tournament had initially been planned as part of the qualification tournament for the 2012 OFC Nations Cup, and Oceania Football Confederation's (OFC) qualification tournament for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. However, FIFA announced a revised format for both tournaments in June 2011.
Format.
The 11 teams were drawn or placed into 2 groups. The top 2 teams from the first stage advanced to the semifinal stage. The semifinalists were followed by matches for the Gold Medal (first place) and Bronze Medal (third place).

</doc>
<doc id="31233982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31233982" title="2011–12 Premier League">
2011–12 Premier League

The 2011–12 Premier League (known as the Barclays Premier League for sponsorship reasons) was the 20th season of the Premier League since its establishment in 1992. The 2011–12 fixtures were announced on 17 June 2011 at 9:00 BST. The season began on 13 August 2011 and ended on 13 May 2012. Manchester City won their first league title since 1968, beating Queens Park Rangers 3–2 on the final day of the season with stoppage time goals from Edin Džeko and Sergio Agüero. The title was City's first Premier League success, making them the fifth club to win the Premier League in its twenty-year history. It was the first time the Premier League had been won on goal difference and the first time a previously relegated club in the Premier League had won the title.
The league was contested by 20 teams, seventeen returning from the 2010–11 season and three promoted from the Football League Championship. Championship winners Queens Park Rangers and runners-up Norwich City gained automatic promotion whilst Swansea City gained promotion through the Football League Championship play-offs beating Reading 4–2 in May 2011 becoming the first non-English team to play in the Premiership in the history of the current league setup. All three promoted clubs avoided relegation for the first time since the 2001–02 campaign. The season was voted as the greatest Premier League season in the Premier League 20 Seasons Awards.
Season summary.
Manchester City won the title in a tense finale, their first championship since 1968. City's local rivals Manchester United were the early pace-setters, leading the table until October when they drew at Liverpool allowing Manchester City to overtake them. The following week, City increased their lead to 5 points with a shock 6–1 away victory at Old Trafford, which they maintained until December, when they dropped points and their lead narrowed, but City remained in front until March, when a defeat at Swansea City saw them drop behind United. City's bad form continued for the next month while United went on a winning run, so that with six matches remaining United were 8 points ahead of City and the title seemingly decided. However United, then faltered with a defeat and a draw in their next three games, while City won all three to narrow the gap to 3 points. City then beat United 1–0 at the Etihad Stadium to move back ahead of United on goal difference. Both sides won their penultimate matches to maintain the situation.
Going into the final matches, which were played simultaneously, City were top of the league, ahead of Manchester United on goal difference. However, a Wayne Rooney goal away to Sunderland gave United the advantage. A 39th minute goal from Pablo Zabaleta, his first of the season, put City back on top at half time. In a dramatic second half Djibril Cissé equalised for Queens Park Rangers in the 48th minute. Shortly after, Joey Barton of QPR was sent off for elbowing Carlos Tévez; on his way off the pitch, he kicked Sergio Agüero, attempted to headbutt Vincent Kompany and squared up to Mario Balotelli. Despite the numerical advantage, City went behind after Jamie Mackie gave QPR the lead in the 66th minute. As time wound down in both matches, it appeared that Manchester United would win the title with their victory over Sunderland. But Edin Džeko equalised for City in the 92nd minute. While United players waited on the field at Sunderland for a possible trophy presentation, Manchester City's Sergio Agüero scored the game winner in the 94th minute to clinch the title on goal difference. The 6-1 loss was even more important than it seemed at the time, as if the score had been 2-1 then both teams would have ended with identical records (points, goal difference, goals scored, win record, etc.) which by Premier League rules would have meant a play-off game at a neutral ground to decide the title.
For most of the season, Tottenham Hotspur were in third place, a couple of points behind the Manchester clubs, and there was much speculation as to whether Tottenham could mount a title challenge. However from late February onwards their season collapsed, starting with a 5–2 defeat to local rivals Arsenal, who they had been 10 points ahead of before the game, and just 4 wins in their last 13 games condemned Tottenham to finishing a point below Arsenal, who finished third to join Manchester City and Manchester United in the UEFA Champions League, completing a strong recovery from a disastrous start to the season including an 8–2 defeat at Manchester United in August. Tottenham finished in the fourth and final Champions League slot but missed out on qualification for the competition because Chelsea's victory in the 2012 Champions League Final automatically entitles them to defend their title in the 2012–13 tournament at the expense of the lowest ranked team that would otherwise qualify for the competition through league position. This is the first time that this rule has been implemented in the Premier League, having been introduced by UEFA after Liverpool's controversial qualification for the 2005–06 UEFA Champions League. This consequently marked the first time that the club finishing fourth in the Premier League had not qualified for the tournament since the fourth qualifying spot was introduced in the 2001–02 season. Newcastle United finished fifth and qualified for the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League. Everton finished 7th, just above local rivals Liverpool. Despite finishing above them for the first time in seven years, it was Liverpool who claimed the final Europa League slot, by virtue of winning the 2011–12 Football League Cup.
Elsewhere in the league, QPR avoided relegation, despite losing to Manchester City; Bolton Wanderers could only draw at Stoke City, failing to overtake QPR, and therefore joining Blackburn Rovers and Wolverhampton Wanderers in being relegated to the Championship. For the second time in the Premier League's history, none of the three clubs promoted from the Championship in the previous season were relegated at the end of the season with the other two teams, Swansea City and Norwich City, finishing 11th and 12th respectively. The last time all three newly promoted teams stayed up (2001–02), Blackburn and Bolton were two of those teams.
Teams.
The teams ending the 2010–11 season in the bottom three places of the table were relegated to the 2011–12 Football League Championship. West Ham United finished in last place, ending the East London side's six-year tenure in the league. Blackpool and Birmingham City both joined them in relegation, following dramatic games on the last day of the season.
Queens Park Rangers as 2010–11 Football League Championship winners and runners-up Norwich City were directly promoted at the end of the season. Queens Park Rangers appeared in the Premier League for the first time in fifteen years, while Norwich City returned after a six-year absence and two successive promotions, becoming the first team since Manchester City to do so in eleven years. The last team to be promoted was decided by the Championship play-off final on 30 May 2011, where Swansea City defeated Reading 4–2 to become the first Welsh-based team to enter the Premier League.
Personnel and kits.
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In addition, Nike will have a new design for their match ball (white from August to October and March to May; high-visibility yellow from November through February) called Seitiro, featuring a modified flame design.
Season statistics.
Discipline.
Player.
1 Retrospectively suspended for three matches, using video evidence.
20,000th goal.
On 21 December in a 2–1 loss to Arsenal at Villa Park, Marc Albrighton of Aston Villa was officially credited with the 20,000th goal scored since the formation of the Premier League in 1992. He was given £20,000 from league sponsor Barclays to donate to a charity of his choice. He chose Acorns Children's Hospice, who used to sponsor Aston Villa.
Awards.
Annual awards.
PFA Player of the Year.
The PFA Players' Player of the Year was awarded to Robin van Persie.
FWA Footballer of the Year.
The FWA Footballer of the Year was also awarded to Robin van Persie.
PFA Young Player of the Year.
The PFA Young Player of the Year was awarded to Kyle Walker.
PFA Team of the Year.
Goalkeeper: Joe Hart (Manchester City)
Defence: Kyle Walker (Tottenham Hotspur), Vincent Kompany (Manchester City), Fabricio Coloccini (Newcastle United), Leighton Baines (Everton)
Midfield: David Silva, Yaya Touré (both Manchester City), Scott Parker, Gareth Bale (both Tottenham Hotspur)
Attack: Robin Van Persie (Arsenal), Wayne Rooney (Manchester United)
Barclays Player of the season.
The Barclays Player of the Season award was won by Vincent Kompany of Manchester City.
Premier League Manager of the season.
Newcastle United manager Alan Pardew, 50, received the Premier League Manager of the Season. Pardew was the first Newcastle manager to receive the award, and only the second Englishman after Harry Redknapp to do so.
Barclays Golden Boot.
The Barclays Golden Boot award went to Robin van Persie, who scored 30 goals throughout the season.
Barclays Golden Glove.
The Barclays Golden Glove award was won by Joe Hart of Manchester City, who achieved 17 clean sheets.
Narrowly beating Tim Krul of Newcastle United who achieved 15 clean sheets.
Premier League Goal of the season.
The Goal of the Season award was given to Papiss Cissé of Newcastle United for his second goal in their 2–0 victory against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on 28 April, becoming the first player for the club to win the award since its inception.
Barclays Premier League Fair Play Award.
Swansea City won the Fair Play Award after finishing the 2011–12 Premier League top of the Fair Play Table. The award for best behaved fans went to Norwich.

</doc>
<doc id="31234008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234008" title="Louise Brigham">
Louise Brigham

Louise Brigham (January 1, 1875 – March 30, 1956) was an American early 20th century designer and teacher who was a pioneering champion of the use of recycled materials in furniture design. A system she invented for building furniture out of packing crates also represents one of the earliest to adopt a modular approach to the design of individual units.
Early life.
Louise Ashton Brigham was born in Boston, the fourth of five children of William Cleveland Brigham (b. 1840) and Maria Wilson Sheppard Brigham (b. 1845). She had an older brother, Waldo (b. 1869), and an older sister, Lucy (b. 1873). Another sister, Emma, was born four years before Louise but died in infancy. The final child of the family, Anna, was born a year after Louise.
When Louise was only two years old, her mother died, and she was to lose her father when she was just 19.
Information about Brigham’s youth and the circumstances of her upbringing is scanty. Her father was an apothecary; the 1880 census shows the family living in Medford, Massachusetts. Given that Brigham seems never to have had to work for a living and that for much of her adult life she was not supported by a husband (she did not marry until the age of 41), it seems reasonable to deduce that her family was relatively well-off for the time.
Brigham studied art and design in New York at the Pratt Institute and the Chase School of Art (which became the New York School of Art in 1898 and is known today as Parsons The New School for Design), as well as at art schools in Europe.
At some point in the late 1890s, Brigham became involved in the settlement house movement and established Sunshine Cottage in Cleveland, Ohio. The 1900 census lists her as a teacher and "settlement worker" in Cleveland.
Travels abroad.
During her early 30s, Brigham traveled widely in Europe, staying abroad for much of the period between 1905 and 1910. As she herself put it in a 1913 interview: "I spent the biggest part of five years in Europe, studying various kinds of handiwork with the peasants and the artists of nineteen different countries." Her destinations included Holland, Germany, Denmark, and Sweden.
Highly influential for Brigham's later design work were two summers spent in a coal-mining camp on the Norwegian island of Spitsbergen, which sits well above the Arctic Circle in the Svalbard archipelago. Brigham does not precisely date these two summers in her published writings, but a reference to a visit by members of an expedition led by the American aviator Walter Wellman suggests that one of them was 1906, the year that Wellman set up headquarters in the Svalbard archipelago in an attempt to reach the North Pole by airship. Brigham stayed in a camp managed by John Munroe Longyear, a fellow Bostonian of her father’s generation. In 1905, Longyear had cofounded the Arctic Coal Company to carry out mining operations in an area along the west coast of Spitsbergen that came to be called Longyear City (today Longyearbyen). The camp housed 80 men at the time Brigham was there—rising to several hundred in the years leading up to World War I—and conditions were extremely primitive. Enough food and equipment had to be brought in by ship during the summer months to supply the camp during the eight months it would be cut off from the outside world by winter ice, and the result of this stockpiling was large stacks of empty boxes. Under these difficult conditions, Brigham undertook to design what she called "box furniture" for the camp out of those cast-off packing crates, following up on some earlier experiments along the same lines.
Box furniture.
In 1909, Brigham published a book of her designs for building furniture entirely out of packing crates entitled "Box Furniture". Illustrated with simple line drawings by the interior designer Edward H. Aschermann (whom Brigham had met through their mutual friend, the Viennese Secessionist architect-designer Josef Hoffmann), "Box Furniture" was a how-to manual for a target audience of modestly skilled working-class householders. It offered dozens of different furniture plans, advice on how to select and break down crates, instruction in basic carpentry, and a list of necessary tools. Designs were grouped into suites for specific rooms, as well as organized along a trajectory of increasing complexity. Brigham also offered complementary advice on curtain materials and overall color schemes.
In addition to working exclusively with recycled materials of the cheapest kind, Brigham planned many of her designs to be space-saving (a drop-leaf table, a set of nesting stools) as they were aimed primarily at urban apartment dwellers. Brigham also took a modular or sectional approach to some of her pieces, as several of the smaller pieces are designed in such a way that they can either stand alone or work as subunits of larger pieces.
Brigham specifically aligns her modernist aesthetic with that of Hoffmann, with its focus on the square as a fundamental unit of design. However, the raw surfaces and rough construction that were keystones of her approach don't become a mainstay of modern design for another two decades, when Gerrit Rietveld's crate furniture of the 1930s recapitulates Brigham's box furniture under the banner of De Stijl.
Brigham's ambitious project of combining up-to-date design with a do-it-yourself approach was both unusual in its own time and a forerunner of today's green design movement. One writer assesses Brigham's project as "a comprehensive system attached to a design theory and a social agenda".
Home Thrift Association.
In 1910, Brigham showed "Room Delightful", an entire suite of box furniture for a child’s room at a Child Welfare Exhibit in New York City. Interested city officials offered Brigham the use of the then-closed Gracie Mansion for further experimentation. Brigham accepted and founded the Home Thrift Association, a woodworking "laboratory" for boys: "We give each boy a set of the seven simple tools and show him the beginnings of his work. Then he does the rest." The HTA, which later opened to girls as well, aimed "not only at thrift, but at the conservation of the home."
Initially headquartered in just two rooms of Gracie Mansion, the club quickly outgrew its space as it gained some 600 apprentices in its first year of operation. It then moved to 516 E. 89th Street, not far from Brigham’s own apartment at 539 E. 89th St., which Brigham furnished almost entirely out of box furniture made by the HTA apprentices as a kind of model showroom for the project. The total cost of the box furnishings for Brigham's apartment was around $4, or less than half of an average worker's weekly wage.
Later years.
In part due to Brigham's teaching at the HTA and associated publicity, box furniture had something of a vogue in the years leading up to World War I. Her book went through several editions and was translated into a number of foreign languages. However, after the war information on Brigham again becomes thin. On August 21, 1916, Brigham married 64-year-old Henry Arnott Chisholm at the Mission Inn in Riverside, California, eighteen months after the death of his first wife. A graduate of the Harvard class of 1874, Chisholm lived in Cleveland, where he had worked for the Cleveland Rolling Mills and later become a partner in William Chisholm Steel Shovel Works.
In 1940, Brigham received a medal from the HTA in honor of her quarter century of service to the organization she founded. She died in the Sylvan Nursing Home in Trenton, New Jersey, on March 30, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31234015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234015" title="Matías García">
Matías García

Matías García (born November 11, 1980 in Mendoza, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing in Boca Unidos of the Primera B Nacional in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="31234024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234024" title="Laurence Grivot">
Laurence Grivot

Laurence Grivot (born Marie Laurent, 1843, Versailles – died 5 June 1890, Thomery) was a French operetta singer and actress. She was the wife of Pierre Grivot.
Life and career.
She made her debut at the Théâtre des Batignolles in "Le Petit Nicol" by Alfred Seguin in 1863 and was then engaged (under the name "Mlle Laurence") at the Vaudeville as Nicette in "La Chercheuse d'esprit" by Charles-Simon Favart, where she met Pierre Grivot whom she married in 1866. Grivot played in many pieces alongside her husband such as "Jobin et Nanette", "Horace et Litine", "La Famille Benoîton" by Victorien Sardou) until her husband left in 1868 to join the Théâtre de la Gaîté. 
She continued with successes in "Les Brebis galeuses" and "Les Faux Bonshommes" by Théodore Barrière, "La Dame aux camélias" by Alexandre Dumas fils, "Le Sacrifice" by Alphonse Daudet, and "Le Mariage de Figaro" by Beaumarchais. At the advent of the Paris Commune in 1871, she joined her husband to run the Gaîté theatre, with performances of "La Grâce de Dieu". The couple toured the French provinces and as far as Cairo (the 1872-73 season). 
Back in France she became a regular creator of roles (often travesty) for Jacques Offenbach with "La permission de dix heures" and "La jolie parfumeuse" at the Théâtre de la Renaissance in 1873 then "Bagatelle" and "Madame l'archiduc" at the Théâtre des Bouffes-Parisiens in 1874 then, after a serious illness, returning to the stage for a revival of "La vie parisienne" at the Variétés in 1877.
Moving to straight theatre, Grivot joined the Théâtre de l'Odéon company in 1880 and immediately had great success in "Les Parents d'Alice", following this with others plays, before moving to the Théâtre du Gymnase in 1883.
Taken ill during a performance of "Paris fin de siècle" by Ernest Blum and Raoul Toché at the Gymnase in 1890 she was forced to retire and died later that year.
References.
This article includes material adapted from the equivalent on French Wikipedia

</doc>
<doc id="31234028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234028" title="Zibiah">
Zibiah

Zibiah, or Sibia, (; "Tsivyah", "gazelle") was the consort of King Ahaziah of Judah, and the mother of King Jehoash of Judah. She was from Beersheba. Zibiah is also a Hebrew given name.

</doc>
<doc id="31234043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234043" title="Gwanghwamun Plaza">
Gwanghwamun Plaza

Gwanghwamun Plaza (, also known as Gwanghwamun Square) is a public open space on Sejongno, Jongno-gu in Seoul, South Korea. The plaza was opened on 1 August 2009 by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and is part of the City's plans for environmentally friendly renovation projects such as the Cheonggye Stream and Seoul Plaza. It is also of historical significant as the location of royal administrative buildings, known as Yukjo-geori or Street of Six Ministries; and features statues of Admiral Yi Sun-sin of Joseon Dynasty and King Sejong the Great of Joseon.
History.
The pedestrian-friendly open downtown urban space was first announced in February 2004, along with projects for Namdaemun and Seoul Plaza. In December 2006, further plans for the plaza was announced. The project in conjunction with the restoration of Gwanghwamun was carried out by the Cultural Heritage Administration of Korea, and schedule for completion by August 2009. The plans included moving the statue of King Sejong from Deoksugung to the Plaza. However after surveys of citizens and experts, decided to commission a new statue of King Sejong in a sitting position and chose the design in a competition between a shortlist of artists recommended by the Korean Fine Arts Association and universities.
Construction of the plaza was originally scheduled to begin in February 2008, however it was delayed because of opposition from the National Police Agency, who was concerned that the plaza could be abused as a venue for mass protests. Construction commenced on 23 April 2008, after the Government decreed it a demonstration-free zone.
It was opened after a renovation period of 15-months, which downsized the 600-meter Sejongno, from 16-lanes to 10-lanes of traffic, at a cost of . It is located in front of Gwanghwamun and stretches south from the three-way intersection, along the front of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts on the west side and Kyobo Book Centre on the east side, to the Sejong-ro intersection, where the statue of the Admiral Yi Sun-sin stands. At the opening the plaza was covered in a flower carpet, 162 m long and 17.5 m wide, with 224,537 flowers representing the number of days from when Seoul was declared the capital on 28 October 1394, to the opening of the plaza on 1 August 2009.
Characteristic.
The Plaza features a water fountain in honor of the achievements of Admiral Yi Sun-sin. It is named the "12.23 Fountain", to commemorates the 23 battles he fought with 12 warships, when he led Koreans to victory during the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598). The water jets rises to a height of 18 meters along with 300 smaller jets, which symbolize the battles he fought on the sea. It also has a waterway, two centimeters deep and one meter across, at 365 meters along the plaza's east side. The floor of it has 617 stones recording the major events from 1392 to 2008.
On 9 October 2009, two months after the opening, the 6.2-meter high, 20-ton new bronze statue of King Sejong the Great of Joseon was unveiled to the public. It is located 250 meters behind the statue of the Admiral Yi Sun-sin, with an exhibition space displaying information on his life and achievements. It was dedicated on Hangul Day in celebration of the 563rd anniversary of the invention of the Korean alphabet by King Sejong.
In November 2010, the statue of the Admiral Yi Sun-sin was removed for 40 days to under go restoration works. Moving for the first time in 42 years, it was lifted by a 200-ton crane and transported to a factory in Icheon, Gyeonggi Province. It underwent sand-blasting to remove rust, accumulated grime such as from roadside pollution; and repainted before returning to the Plaza. Other works included fortifing the inner skeleton and the restored statue was unveiled to the public on 23 December 2010.
Administration.
Rallies and demonstrations are illegal at the Plaza and the Seoul Metropolitan Government has decreed that it is to use for cultural exhibitions and a demonstration-free zone.
As of 1 June 2011, the Plaza along with Seoul Plaza are designated as smoke-free zones by the Seoul Metropolitan Government. Smokers are fined in violation.
On 23 September 2012, the Government started on a trial basis, a 550-m designated section of Sejong-ro as pedestrian-only but permitted for cyclists. The section includes the road from the Gwanghwamun three-way intersection, along the plaza in front of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts to the Sejong-ro intersection.
Events.
The Plaza is the location for the start of the annual Seoul International Marathon, which finishes within the Olympic Stadium.
In the first winter after its opening the Plaza hosted an open air ice-rink from 12 December 2009 to 15 February 2010. The public rink was 2,250 sq. m, which was larger than the one at Seoul Plaza at 2,100 sq. m.
In popular culture.
On 29 November 2009, parts of Sejong-ro were closed to traffic for twelve hours to film lengthy gunfight scenes for Korean Broadcasting System (KBS)'s 2009 spy action television drama series "Iris", starring Lee Byung-hun, Kim Tae-hee, Jung Joon-ho, Kim Seung-woo and Kim So-yeon. The five lanes along the plaza in front of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts were closed to traffic from 07:00 to 19:00, while the five lanes on the Kyobo Book Centre side remains open to traffic. This marks the first time the Seoul Metropolitan Government has granted permission to blocked traffic along the Plaza for filming and it is part of Government's plans to promote the city's major tourist attractions; including Cheonggye Stream and Han River.
On 26 July 2012 at 23:00, boy band Beast held a guerilla concert at the Gwanghwamun end of the plaza, in front of an audience of 4,000 people. It was part of their promotion for their fifth mini album "Midnight Sun", and the performance was broadcast on SBS's music show "Inkigayo".
In 2012, the plaza was used as a filming location for tvN drama "Queen In-hyun's Man", where the two lead characters Kim Boong-do and Choi Hee-jin, played by Ji Hyun-woo and Yoo In-na, share a kiss dubbed the 'Gwanghwamun kiss' against the backdrop of Gwanghwamun.

</doc>
<doc id="31234072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234072" title="Trolleybuses in Izmir">
Trolleybuses in Izmir

The Izmir trolleybus system formed part of the public transport network in the city of Izmir, Turkey, from 1954 to 1992. Operated by ESHOT, the system was one of three trolleybus systems to have existed in Turkey, along with ones in Ankara and Istanbul, and was the last of them to close. Trolleybuses operated mainly in Konak, with lines to Buca, Balçova and Tepecik.
History.
Trolleybuses replaced the declining tramways of İzmir. The first trolleybuses, built by MAN, arrived in Izmir on May 14, 1954 on a ship from Germany. The first trolleybus line opened on July 28, 1954, or August 16, 1954, between Konak and Güzelyalı. The original fleet totalled eighteen vehicles, MAN trolleybuses (model MKE 3) with Rathgeber bodies, numbered 1–18. The fleet was expanded in 1957 with a purchase of 20 Fiat 2411F trolleybuses, numbered 19–38.
The Izmir system was the only Turkish trolleybus system ever to use articulated trolleybuses, but it had only three such vehicles, total. They were built by Fiat/Viberti in 1958 and were numbered 39–41. ESHOT never acquired any more articulated trolleybuses. In the 1960s, the high cost of importing new trolleybuses led the company to convert a batch of Büssing motorbuses into trolleybuses. There were three such conversions in 1962, numbered 42 and 44–45, and 18 more in 1968, numbered 46–63.
After the closure of the Istanbul trolleybus system, in 1984, Izmir acquired most of its trolleybuses. These were built in 1962 by Alfa Romeo-Fiat, and a total of 75 were acquired secondhand from Istanbul. This was the last fleet of trolleybuses to enter service in Izmir. As of mid-1989, the active trolleybus fleet included 19 of the 1957 Fiat 2411F vehicles, all three of the 1958 Viberti-bodied Fiat articulated vehicles, one 1959 Fiat 2411F (No. 43), and 67 ex-Istanbul Alfa Romeo-Fiat vehicles built in 1962. The last of the MAN trolleybuses that opened the system were retired in 1987 and the last Büssing vehicles in 1988 or 1989.
Route 3 was withdrawn on June 9, 1989, leaving four routes still operating: 1, 2, 70 and 80.
With its fleet falling apart, ESHOT discontinued trolleybus service in 1992, with different sources giving the date as either March 6, 1992, or September 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31234112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234112" title="John V. Soto">
John V. Soto

John V. Soto is a Western Australian film director, screen writer and producer with a passion for thriller, horror and sci-fi movies. He wrote and directed the feature film The Reckoning (2014), starring Jonathan LaPaglia and Luke Hemsworth, which is preparing for release around the world. John V Soto is the co-founder of Filmscope Entertainment.
Career.
John V Soto founded Filmscope Entertainment, with his partner Deidre Kitcher in 2007. Filmscope Entertainment is an Australian-based production company that makes high quality, commercial genre films for worldwide audiences. Their recent feature film The Reckoning (2014) a $2.35 million crime thriller starring Jonathon LaPaglia and Luke Hemsworth was completed in January 2014. In 2010 Soto wrote and directed Needle, a Supernatural Thriller starring Ben Mendolsohn, Trilby Glover and Michael Dorman, which met great success internationally with sales agent Lightning Entertainment selling the film into over 82 countries. "Needle" was released on 62 screens in Turkey where it landed at No. 4 at the box office July 29, 2011 and ran for 13 weeks. The film was acquired by Sony for Australia and had a limited theatrical release on 8 screens before its home entertainment release. Needle won numerous awards at various film festivals including Best Cinematography and Best Special Effects at the British Horror Film Festival, and Best Makeup Special Effects at Screamfest and a slew of awards at the Melbourne Underground Film Festival where Soto won the Special Jury Prize.
Soto's 2009 film Crush, which he wrote and co-directed, also received worldwide attention being sold in 54 countries. Soto helped edit the trailer which has become a viral hit amassing over 5 million views on YouTube. Soto has written the script of Prey (2009) and in 2007 Soto directed a short film called Repulsion.

</doc>
<doc id="31234125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234125" title="Sette baschi rossi">
Sette baschi rossi

Sette baschi rossi also known as The Red Berets, Seven Red Berets and Congo Hell is a 1969 Italian/West German co-production about a fictional group of mercenaries filmed in Ethiopia produced and directed by screenwriter Mario Siciliano (often credited as "Marlon Sirko") in his debut as a director. Several of the action set pieces of the film were reused in Siciliano's 1978 "Scorticateli vivi"/"Skin 'em Alive". It was based on the novel "Rebellion" by Dean Craig AKA Piero Regnoli. Like "Dark of the Sun" the film also features a train sequence.
Plot.
Set during the Simba Rebellion in the Belgian Congo, the film begins with a quote from Martin Luther King, the spearing executions of a group of captured mercenaries and the pack rape of a French female journalist (Angelica Ott). At Mercenary Central an angry Colonel (Arthur Brauss) rebukes the only survivor of the incident, the German Captain Brandt (Sieghardt Rupp). Brandt has left important documents in the Simba village that contains information on the activities and employers of the mercenaries. The documents must be retrieved within four days. Brandt says he can recover the papers and rescue the captured journalist with a small patrol. The Colonel agrees, but the patrol is to be led by the African-American Captain Loriwood that antagonises Brandt as the Colonel informs Brandt that his record of performance clearly shows he is incapable of leadership.
His Sergeant (Kirk Morris) selects three men; a German (Gino Marturano who also acted as the film's armourer and stunt director), a black African (Wilfred Gurley) and an Irishman (Dale Cummings). As the patrol is unfamiliar with a swamp and desert they have to cross, Captain Loriwood recruits a French gunrunner called Caret (Ivan Rassimov) for the fee of $15,000. Caret is familiar with the area as he has sold weapons to the Simbas. Caret became a weapons salesman after witnessing the torture of his wife who was burned and beaten to death in front of him. He became further alienated when the French government did not want to antagonise the local situation by seeking their prosecution. Loriwood also takes along a mercenary female doctor (Pamela Tudor).

</doc>
<doc id="31234138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234138" title="List of inventions and discoveries of the Indus Valley Civilization">
List of inventions and discoveries of the Indus Valley Civilization

The list of inventions and discoveries of the Indus Valley Civilization refers to the technological and civilizational achievements of the Indus Valley Civilisation, a lost civilization which flourished in the Bronze Age around the Indus River basin in what is today mainly Pakistan and northwest portions of the Republic of India. It is also called the Harappan Civilization, after one of its the centres, Harappa.

</doc>
<doc id="31234154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234154" title="Colour My Life">
Colour My Life

"Colour My Life" is the second single from British band M People from their first album "Northern Soul". It was written by Mike Pickering and Paul Heard. The single was originally released in May 1991 as a vinyl only release and was given a full release on 24 February 1992. The song peaked at number thirty five on the UK Singles Chart.
Background.
As one of the album's premiere cuts, "Colour My Life" had already had built up a quite a following and gained critical praise in clubs as a much-played dance song when previewed as a White Label the year previously and most dance floors had picked up and rotated this version throughout 1991 providing great exposure. 
The first single that M People's Mike Pickering wrote for specifically for lead vocalist, 25-year-old Heather Small and the first M People track she ever recorded.
Chart performance.
The single became their second moderate chart hit, but did not fare as well as predecessor How Can I Love You More? which scraped into the Top 30 at 29.
In the week of release the single sold 7,400 copies to land at number 37, but club support saw the single maintain sales and climb in its second week to peak at number 35 selling a further 8,000 copies. 
Remixes.
There are several different mixes of the single, but the main version is simply known as "Colour My Life". Other versions are slight remixes of the single with "Colour my life (Part One)", "Colour My Life (Part Two)" and "Colour My Life (Original Mix)". The "Original Mix" appears on the "Limited Release" and on "Northern Soul", but not on this single.
Music video.
The studio-set video features Heather Small singing and dancing in a striking lime green jacket centre stage with the band playing along in the background. Paul Heard is playing bass guitar and Mike Pickering on the keyboards, not their normal instruments to play and also a drummer percussionist and two lively backing singers co-ordinating dance moves with their arms.
Artwork.
The artwork of the single combines the lines used in the limited release to become four colourful "flowers" that consist of differently coloured red, blue, green and purple circles which is very much in-keeping with the big red flower illustration that is on the parent's album's artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="31234155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234155" title="Larry Marks">
Larry Marks

Larry Marks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31234199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234199" title="Tennessee Temple Academy">
Tennessee Temple Academy

Tennessee Temple Academy is a K-12 school in Chattanooga, Tennessee, that is operated in association with Tennessee Temple University. In March 2011, the university announced that the school would close at the end of the 2010-2011 school year.
History.
Tennessee Temple Academy was established in 1951 as a Southern Baptist elementary school that included kindergarten and grades 1 through 5. It enrolled 132 students that year. High school and middle school programs were added in 1971, and the school achieved its peak enrollment of about 1,000 students in 1980.
The school enjoyed some athletic success in the 2000s, winning three Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association (TSSAA) boys' basketball championships in a five-period beginning in 2002.
By the 2010-2011 school year, total enrollment had declined to 140 students, with just seven or eight students in some grades. In view of this low enrollment, the school's board of directors voted to cease operations at the end of the school year. The March 2011 announcement of the closure indicated that the school would continue offering an “online academy” and a dual enrollment program under which high school juniors and seniors could enroll in university classes.
Athletics.
The school won state championships on boy's basketball in 2002, 2003, and 2007 

</doc>
<doc id="31234200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234200" title="Campo Bonito, Arizona">
Campo Bonito, Arizona

Campo Bonito is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pinal County, Arizona, United States. The population was 74 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 74 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 217.4 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.54% White, 5.41% from other races, and 4.05% from two or more races. 18.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31234202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234202" title="Harding's Ledge">
Harding's Ledge

Harding's Ledge, also known as Harding Ledge, is a shoal in the Atlantic ocean located on the approach to Boston Harbor, 1.5 miles east of Point Allerton, and near Hingham, Massachusetts, United States. The shoal is exposed at low tide and has been the site of numerous shipwrecks. A lighted bell buoy located 0.3 miles northeast guides boats around the outside of the shoal.

</doc>
<doc id="31234230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234230" title="Hibbertia longifolia">
Hibbertia longifolia

Hibbertia longifolia is a small shrub that is endemic to Queensland, Australia. 
The species was first formally described in 1864 by Victorian Government Botanist Ferdinand von Mueller in his paper "Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae" based on plant material collected from Rockingham Bay. 

</doc>
<doc id="31234240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234240" title="Vercelli Cathedral">
Vercelli Cathedral

Vercelli Cathedral (, "Cattedrale di Sant'Eusebio") is the principal church of the city of Vercelli in Piedmont, Italy, and the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Vercelli. It is dedicated to Saint Eusebius of Vercelli, the first bishop.
History.
The present cathedral is built on the site of earlier ones. The construction of the first, in the 4th century, is ascribed to Saint Eusebius himself, who, it is believed, built it over an ancient necropolis containing the remains of Saint Theonestus, to whom Eusebius dedicated it. After Eusebius's death he was buried there himself, and the dedication changed accordingly. This building was destroyed during the Gothic invasions of the 5th century. Its replacement was a large basilica inspired by those of Rome and Ravenna. A major refurbshment was carried out in the 9th century. In the 11th century another major restoration took place, as a consequence of extreme decay and in particular of a serious fire in 997 that threatened the stability of the structure. In the 12th century the present campanile was built, and the main body of the cathedral restored again: it now had five aisles separated by columns, a transept and an imposing portico. The apse was decorated with mosaics, and in the presbytery was an ambo sculpted by Benedetto Antelami.
In the second half of the 16th century Pellegrino Tibaldi of Valsolda was commissioned by the then bishop, Guido Ferrero, to rebuild the cathedral entirely to replace the medieval building, which the bishop had demolished. Tibaldi was able to erect the choir, the side chapels and the two sacristies before lack of funds brought the work to a halt after eight years. In 1682 a chapel to the south was built for the tomb of Blessed Amadeus IX. Between 1702 and 1717 Stefano Negro built the nave, aisles and transept. The remaining parts of the structure, including the west front, were completed in 1757-63 by Benedetto Alfieri and Luigi Barberis, who towards the end of the 18th century also added a chapel off the northern aisle for the relics of Saint Eusebius, which had been discovered during the reconstruction works of the 16th century. This was rebuilt in the late 19th century by Giuseppe Locarni, and the urn containing the remains is now located beneath the high altar. Giovanni Larghi added a dome in 1857-60.
In a chapel off the southern nave are buried not only Blessed Amadeus IX, for whose tomb it was built, but also other members of the ruling house of Savoy, including Charles I, Charles III, Yolande of Valois (wife of Blessed Amadeus) and Victor Amadeus I.
Treasury and library.
The cathedral possesses both an important treasury, now a museum, and an important library, housing the Vercelli Book and the Codex Vercellensis.

</doc>
<doc id="31234296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234296" title="OFK Dunajská Lužná">
OFK Dunajská Lužná

OFK Dunajská Lužná is a Slovak football team, based in the town of Dunajská Lužná. The club was founded in 1921.
Current squad.
"As of 25 September 2013"<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31234303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234303" title="Safe Inside the Day">
Safe Inside the Day

Safe Inside the Day is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Baby Dee. Released on January 21, 2008, it was her debut album on the Drag City label. It was Dee's first album to feature collaborators. It was produced by and features Will Oldham and Matt Sweeney. It also features friend and future producer Andrew WK on bass and drums.
Tracklisting.
All songs written by Baby Dee.

</doc>
<doc id="31234349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234349" title="Tendler">
Tendler

Tendler is a mainly Yiddish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31234373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234373" title="Casa Blanca, Arizona">
Casa Blanca, Arizona

Casa Blanca is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pinal County, Arizona, United States, located in the Gila River Indian Community. The population was 1,388 at the 2010 census. 
History.
Antebellum Years.
Casa Blanca was one of the Pima Villages on the Gila River in what was then part of the state of Sonora, Mexico, encountered by the American expeditions of Stephen W. Kearny and Philip St. George Cooke in 1846 and later by Americans on their way to California on the Southern Immigrant Trail during the California Gold Rush. Following the Gadsden Purchase the Pima Villages became part of New Mexico Territory. In 1857, the San Antonio-San Diego Mail Line passed through the village on the way between Maricopa Wells and Tucson. 
In 1858 when Lieutenant A. B. Chapman, of the 1st Dragoons, took the first census of the Pimas and Maricopas, he found a Pima population of 535, 110 warriors, 425 women and children lead by a Captain named Chelan. 
The next year another "official" census was taken by the special Indian Agent that showed Casa Blanca had 491 Pimas, broken down as 50 Aged, 146 Men, 103 Women, 105 Boys, 87 Girls, led by Captain Candela. Also enumerated were 30 cattle and 46 horses. 
The 1860 Census showed a total Pima population of 323 composed of 71 Male heads of household, 66 Female heads, 82 Male Children 87 female children and 17 Other males and females. It also show they had 164 horses and 102 cattle and 59 farmers tilled 587 acres of improved land. 
Casa Blanca became the site of the Casa Blanca Station of the Butterfield Overland Mail in 1858. It was located about 4,200 feet west-northwest of the Casa Blanca ruin mound. 
The station agent of Casa Blanca Station, Silas St. John, also became Special Agent for the Pima and Maricopa Indians on February 18, 1859, and later that year built the Indian Agency buildings for the Pima Villages in the village in 1859.
These consisted of two buildings with a picket fence or corral between them. located about 3,500 feet northwest of the ruin mound at Casa Blanca and some 800 feet from the stage station. One, an adobe, was a blacksmith shop, the other of jacal construction, was a carpenter shop and agency office. 
In 1860, the census showed fifteen European Americans at Casa Blanca who were part of Ammi M. White’s enterprise there. White, with his half-brother, Cyrus Lennan, and partner E.S. Noyes, established a trading post at Casa Blanca. White & Co. had taken over the buildings of St.John’s Indian agency, (after his resignation from that post in late 1859), which included a blacksmith shop, run by Noyes. 
White's Mill and the Civil War.
White's Mill would be established at Casa Blanca in 1861 to turn the Pima's grain into flour. At the beginning of the American Civil War, Ammi White began stockpiling flour and other food for the California Column at the mill, which became the target of a raid by the Arizona Rangers a Confederate Army detachment sent to occupy southern Arizona. Led by Captain Sherod Hunter, the raid destroyed the mill machinery, captured Ammi White and returned the flour and other food to the Pima. When Captain Hunter impersonated White and his men posed as locals, they also captured Union Army Captain William McCleave and his detachment who came to visit the mill. 
Once the California Column arrived they found they had to wait to gather up flour and food to continue their march to Tucson and so they built Fort Barrett around the mill to protect their depot there. After the capture of Tucson the post was abandoned except as a post for vedettes and express riders. Ammi White was later exchanged, as the Confederate Army retreated from New Mexico Territory, returning to rebuild his mill which, with the increased production of the Pima farmers, helped to feed the Union Army and the local population of the territory during the rest of the war. After White sold the mill and moved away in 1867, it was destroyed in a flood in September 1868. Subsequently the machinery was salvaged and moved to Adamsville.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,388 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 87.9 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 1.01% White, 0.29% Black or African American, 96.04% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.94% from other races, and 1.59% from two or more races. 13.04% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31234395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234395" title="Jitka Nováčková">
Jitka Nováčková

Jitka Nováčková (born 28 April 1992) is a Czech model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Česká Miss 2011 and will represent her country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant.
Early life.
Born in České Budějovice, Nováčková is a high school student at Gymnáziu Jírovcova and started modeling at age 9. She was a semifinalist in Elite Model Look Czech Republic 2009 and the face of sports apparel manufacturer "Nordlbanc" and its 2009 spring/summer campaign for the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Česká Miss 2011.
Nováčková, who stands tall, competed as one of 14 finalists in her country's national beauty pageant, Česká Miss, broadcast live by TV Prima on 19 March 2011 from Prague, where she became the eventual winner of the title, gaining the right to represent the Czech Republic in Miss Universe 2011.
Miss Universe 2011.
As the official representative of her country to the 2011 Miss Universe pageant, broadcast live from São Paulo, Brazil on 12 September 2011, Nováčková did not make it to the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31234443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234443" title="Igor Matovič">
Igor Matovič

Igor Matovič (born 11 May 1973 in Trnava) is a Slovak politician and member of the National Council. He is a member of the Ordinary People (OL) faction, having first won election at the 2010 election on the Freedom and Solidarity (SaS) list. He sat in the SaS caucus until February 2011, when he supported the opposition Smer's proposed restrictions on dual nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="31234444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234444" title="Goodyear Village, Arizona">
Goodyear Village, Arizona

Goodyear Village (O'odham: Valin Dak) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pinal County, Arizona, United States, located in the Gila River Indian Community. The population was 457 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 457 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 136.1 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 5.47% White, 0.88% Black or African American, 91.03% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 1.97% from other races, and 1.59% from two or more races. 25.60% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31234457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234457" title="Pat Gomez">
Pat Gomez

Patrick Alexander "Pat" Gomez (born March 17, 1968 in Roseville, California) is former Major League Baseball pitcher. Gomez played for the San Diego Padres and the San Francisco Giants from to . He batted and threw left-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="31234487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234487" title="Garden of the Missing in Action">
Garden of the Missing in Action

The Garden of the Missing in Action (Garden of the Missings , "Gan HaNe'edarim") is an unknown soldier memorial and commemorative garden on Mount Herzl in Jerusalem dedicated to Israeli MIAs.
The garden memorializes fighters and officers of the Israel Defense Forces and pre-state MIAs from 1914 until today whose resting place is unknown. The garden was inaugurated in February 2004 in a ceremony attended by army chiefs, the Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz, and members of the Jerusalem Municipality. The garden also contains memorials to those lost aboard the submarine INS "Dakar" and the 23 Who Went Down at Sea. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, over 400 Israeli soldiers have been declared "Missing in Action." The construction of the Garden of the Missing on Mt. Herzl was initiated and headed by Moshe Oren, as head of the Ministry of Defense Commemoration Division.
An annual memorial service for the Missing Soldiers of Israel takes place in the garden's main plaza on Seventh of Adar day.

</doc>
<doc id="31234531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234531" title="Kohatk, Arizona">
Kohatk, Arizona

Kohatk (O'odham: Kohadk) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pinal County, Arizona, United States, located in the Tohono O'odham Nation. The population was 27 at the 2010 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 27 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 275.3 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 92.59% Native American and 7.41% from two or more races. 7.41% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31234546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234546" title="Junk Raiders 2">
Junk Raiders 2

Junk Raiders 2 is the second season of the Canadian reality television series that airs on The Discovery Channel and ION Life. The series follows the titular Junk Raiders, a team of eight professionals as they attempt to renovate a site in Toronto's Don Valley (on Bayview Avenue) and renovate it to a two-story "clubhouse" in one month with only a C$5000 budget, as part of the The Evergreen Brick Works project. Because of the extremely limited budget, many of the materials needed must be found by freecycling: finding something unwanted for free and reusing it.
The Team.
The team consists of the following members, both new and returning:
The team's client is Evergreen, a nonprofit organization in charge of the Brick Works project, a massive restoration project eight years in the making. Representing them is Martin Leifhebber, their architect, and Matthew Cohen, their senior project manager.
Synopsis.
Episode 1 - Days 1-3.
The team is introduced to a project from their warehouse in Toronto's west end: a clubhouse whose second story is made from two halves of a shipping container, with various artistic features adorning both floors of the site. The entire clubhouse will be built in their warehouse, and to be shipped over to the brickworks at the end of the project and assembled onsite. While Tom, Merv, and Katarina get to cutting the shipping container, Gordie and John are ordered to spend $1000 for of steel (much to both of their chagrins), used to reinforce the weakened shipping container. They head off to the site which had donated the shipping container, with instructions to haggle as necessary. The steel they need cost $60 more than what they have (if HST was taken into account), so they negotiate down to of new steel and various scrap fixings (intending to weld the rest together to make up the difference). Gordie and John also stop by Gordie's own shop for some of his stockpiled materials. The materials, however, disappoint Geoff (as he believes welded-together scrap will never meet building codes) and the rest of the team, and he takes out his frustrations on John (and less so on Gordie). Meanwhile, Andy gets cracking on the design of the living space, and Paul is tasked to start an online campaign to secure the recycled materials that they need.
On the second day, the entire team (with Geoff) visit the Brickworks, where they also meet the clients, who have slightly (but not significantly) altered their plans to include a feature known as the "firefly". They also take the opportunity to salvage unused material from the Brickworks for various projects: John has secured an old motor and fan that he plans to convert into a wind generator to power the lights needed for the firefly, while Katrina has salvaged a large pipe for at least two pieces of furniture. However, they are unable to use everything that they salvage: a set of stairs (which they cannot use as-is due to building codes) they had thought of reusing is found to contain lead paint.
On Day 3, Paul's online campaign has paid off, and he and Gordie secure parts from a local bicycle repair depot. While putting posters around the neighborhood (asking residents to donate useful materials for their project), they also spot a local contractor, who allow Gordie and Paul to scavenge from his dumpster. This junk haul helps the team cool off their tensions (especially between Merv and Tom, who briefly argue over one being a gofer to the other): John now can run his generator using the motor from a scooter rather than the older motor from the fan. Tom, however, is reserved about the use of some of the resourced metal, but he is assuaged by the fact that Geoff intends to sell off any metal that they cannot use. The crew spends the rest of the day inventorying the junk and finishing Katrina's and John project.
The clients arrive, and are impressed by the progress so far. However, they are reserved on Andy's design, and specifically requests that the fan blades on John's fan be made larger and that Katrina's wall-mounted table be clear-coated to a matte finish. The team is happy with the great results so far, even if only $4000 remains in their budget.
Deleted Scene: The deleted scene from this episode is from Day 1, where Tom is adamant that the bottle of special water that he brings from home each day is cold when he needs it. Geoff is willing to accommodate him, but Merv believes that Tom is being too much of a diva.
Episode 2 - Days 4-7.
Day 4 begins with Geoff ordering Tom and Merv to continue the structural work on the containers, while Katrina and John are tasked with their projects. Meanwhile, Paul is tasked to search for free structural steel desperately needed by Tom and Merv, while Gordie and Andy head off with a hot tip on the junk hotline; apparently, an elderly handyman (who also abided by the freecycling philosophy) had moved into a retirement home, and all of his stockpiled tools and materials are up for grabs. While the trip proved fruitful, they are still short windows and structural steel. Andy promptly takes the recovered hardwood flooring for a table project, but Geoff is forced to dip into the budget for the desperately needed steel.
By day 5, they are still short on steel, and because Paul could not source the steel, Geoff sends Merv and Gordie to a scrapyard across the city (on McCowan Road in York Region) with $500 for the needed steel. They spend $300 on a series of older steel pipes to use as structural support, along with a series of truck and bus doors, intending to use them as the container's windows. However, they are short $90 on new steel, so he decides to pay the difference out of his own pocket. Meanwhile, Katrina and Andy finishes their project, and Paul is tasked on a project that would let people open the container door from the inside, using mostly bicycle parts. Andy switches gears and uses even more bike parts for a lounge chair as a recovered treadmill. When Gordie and Merv return, Geoff and Tom are concerned with the older (and possibly rusted) pipes, but Geoff is nevertheless forced to reimburse the $90 to Merv, and is sold on Gordie's idea to repurpose the truck and bus doors for windows.
Day 6 begins with Geoff getting Tom and Merv competing against each other to see who would finish restructuring their half of the container first. The general consensus is that while Tom may be faster, Merv is more likely to finish with better quality, and indeed this is the case when both finish - so much so that Geoff is concerned with the quality of his work. Geoff, however, is more concerned with Paul's project, as he believes Paul is working too slowly. Geoff also begins work on 4 crib walls needed on the first floor, but they lack the structural steel. Andy suggests that they make the crib walls out of wood (also in short supply) despite Geoff's reservations that the clients would insist on metal. Gordie and Katrina are off in search for wood, but find much more than that, including plywood, steel pipe, scrap metal, and chain-link fencing, all of which are desperately needed. Meanwhile, John's windmill is finished, with the larger fan blades taken from the cut-out portions of the shipping container.
Paul's project is sadly incomplete on Day 7, while Tom is tasked with a safety railing to accompany Paul's door opener. However, Merv also reminds Tom that he needs to finish his somewhat spotty work on the container. The clients arrive in the afternoon, and are immediately impressed with the windmill, which has also been painted yellow to match a sunflower found on the outside of the brickworks, as well as Katrina's chair/table combination and Tom's railing. They are also impressed by Tom and Merv's overall work, as Matthew's previous experience with renovating shipping containers had taken three times as long. They are less impressed by Andy's table, and is ultimately reserved on the windows from truck and car doors. They ultimately reject the wooden crib walls due to the industrial aesthetic of the brickworks, but is willing to concede a redesign so that less metal is used. To make things worse, the rusty pipes cannot be used for any project at all, rendering it a potential white elephant, which they cannot afford with $3410 left in their budget.
Deleted Scene: The deleted scene from this episode is from Day 3, where Paul shares his fascination with space travel to Gordie. Gordie is somewhat reserved in his reaction, due to his environmentalist ways.
Episode 3 - Days 8-10.
Day 8 begins with Merv finishing the container, Tom on the railing, John and Paul on the door opener, Gordie to find sinks for a sink wall, Katrina on furniture projects, and Andy on more design work. While on the road looking for metal sinks and finding only cheap plastic ones, Gordie gets a hit on the junk hotline, where he manages to get 20000 smoke-damaged wine corks. The lack of anything of immediate use adds to Geoff's troubles, already at a high due to Paul spending too much time on the door opener. Geoff issues an ultimatum on the door: finish it or demolish it in two hours. After Gordie invites Geoff on a trip raiding the Canadian National Exhibition (Day 8 being Labour Day, the last day of the Exhibition) for possible crib wall supplies, Geoff leaves Andy in charge of the door opener's fate. However, Martin arrives unannounced just after Geoff leaves, leaving Andy to receive Martin's crib wall redesign. Martin also signs off on Andy's window layout, opening the way for Merv to install the window. Andy also approves of Paul's and John's work after one door is finished in the door opener.
Day 9 marks the halfway point of the build in the workshop. However, Geoff is worried that they will not have the manpower needed to finish the steel work, and is contemplating dipping into the budget to hire another iron worker; even reassigning John to the iron work isn't enough. However, Tom and Merv balk at the thought of adding manpower due to morale issues, but the thought makes the crew work harder. Meanwhile, Gordie and Katrina hit a site near Bathurst Street and Lawrence Avenue to assist in a house demolition, and make off with most of the materials there. That night, Geoff makes good on his intention of hiring a steel worker for some overnight work on the steel supports that will prop the container up on the second storey.
Day 10 starts with $2550 left in the budget, after the new steel ($500) and iron worker ($360) expenses are deducted. Geoff is concerned that there is no substantial progress in completed projects, and decides to hide the incomplete projects so to avoid Martin and Matthew rejecting their progress. However, the wetland rail is installed despite the door not being fully functional. When the clients arrive, Geoff uses the partially completed door opener, but they are concerned with the railing being a climbing hazard. They are reserved on the window installations, the supporting structure, especially the fact that they only have 3 of the 80 sinks needed for the sink wall. The time crunch is officially on, and Geoff is adamant that the pace must be picked up in order for the work to be finished on time.
Deleted Scene: The deleted scene from this episode is from Day 8, where Geoff is riding Paul for taking too long to finish the door, even having to divert John from helping Merv with the steel work to finish it. Paul takes exception to Geoff's "eight days" assertion due to having done other tasks between working on the door.
Episode 4 - Days 11-13.
Day 11 begins with Andy starting on the kitchen, John and Paul on a water purification system, Katrina on various furniture project, Merv and Tommy on further structural work, and Gordie as a spare body. For John, this is not a new project (having once created a water purification system for an entire town from recycled parts), and Geoff is amazed with the design. However, Geoff is adamant that everyone has a parts list so that he knows what to buy, and Merv and Tom's parts list would be sucking up most of the budget ($2000) on the metal stairs, even with a 20% discount that Tom had fought hard to obtain. However, the materials that everyone else needs beyond the steel would easily break the bank. Later in the day, Gordie and John are off to Steam Whistle Brewing for recycled parts; the brewery is expanding and thus have a lot to recycle. Among the parts that they have scored are parts desperately needed for the purification system. Meanwhile, Merv and Tom are at odds over how the stairs are to be built; Tom is adamant that he does things "old-school" with chalk lines on the floor of the shop, while Merv is adamant that Tom use a calculator.
Day 12 begins with Geoff running out of money, and he is turning to Gordie for desperately needed parts. Gordie and Andy head off to an old drive-in theater, where they can raid a storage container for parts. Meanwhile, the parts order has cost more than what anyone expected, and Geoff is forced to beg the crew to pay for the steel. Geoff is forced to tell the whole team that they are broke after Gordie and Andy return. The team is furious, as they forced to sell some of the unneeded metal for any new items. The scrap nets Geoff $360, which placates him. What isn't, though, is Tom's refusal to use a calculator, and though Merv is reluctant to follow Tom's old-school method, Geoff and Tom get into a shouting match, which in turn leads to Tom walking off the job in anger.
Geoff and Tom make up at the start of Day 13, but Tom suddenly decides to do things Merv's way. There is another setback, however, as they had mismeasured some of the stairs, wasting some of their valuable metal and time. Paul had also found a buyer for one of their spare cast iron sinks for $200. Geoff is also concerned about how to fill in the crib walls, as their crushed glass wall seems too heavy (but Geoff is hopeful that the cork, which they have in plentiful supply, can be used as a substitute). However, they also manage to finish a brick wall from the wall the clients rejected earlier. Meanwhile, Andy and Katrina's kitchen is raising issues from the incomplete appearance, and Geoff ultimately decides to hide it from the clients. When the clients show up for inspection, they show their like of the brick wall, but they're adamant on the glass instead of the corks. They are also sold on the ozone generator in the water purification system, but they are concerned with some of the health issues. Geoff is forced to think hard and consider pulling the plug on some of the projects, as only $560 is left, all of which have already been earmarked for supplies needed by the team.
Deleted Scene: The deleted scene from this episode is from Day 12, as the team contemplates on ways to raise money after Geoff admits to blowing the budget. Geoff considers selling one of the artisan pieces such as Tom's railing. Tom isn't opposed to the idea as he believes he can create a new one (though the rest of the team is reserved due to the massive steelwork still to be done), as long as the team can sell it on the right website for at least $1500; he is adamant about this as ten years ago, he was burned when the piece that took him $1500 to make sold for only $200 due to what he believed was a poor choice of website.
Episode 5 - Days 14-18.
Day 14 begins with most of the container structure completed, but one notable project that hasn't even started is the firefly. Geoff had put off the project for a long time, and he's forced to use the rest of his $500 for steel studs to build the firefly. As for his orders to the rest of the team, John is tasked with finding the rest of the sinks needed for the sink wall (as Gordie's chances of finding enough sinks is starting to slim), Katrina with a boardroom table, while Tom and Merv are tasked with preparing the container for installation at the brickworks. John is able to secure a barter deal for the needed sinks, but they do not have the stainless steel needed for bartering. Gordie heads to various sites around Toronto (a Toronto Works and Emergency Services storage locker and a storage space for old Toronto Santa Claus Parade floats) for the stainless steel, but unfortunately he returns with no stainless steel (though he does manage to find parts for the firefly). In a turn of events, Paul receives an offer for the bicycle chair built by Andy that will give them the cash needed to buy the sinks, but Andy refuses to give his consent to sell (despite the clients having stated their dislike for the chair). However, they may not have to sell the chair at all: they had earlier recovered two fudge machines, which contains enough stainless steel that they can trade for the sinks. Unfortunately, at the scrapyard they only have 33 of their 70 sinks, but they had manage to save four stainless steel augers that Andy had fought so hard to keep (as well as $230 in their account).
Day 15 begins with Tom and Merv heading off to the brickworks to install the support columns, as Geoff begins building the firefly. The pressure is building for Andy and Katrina, as the furniture builds are up against a time crunch. Andy starts painting the box chairs Katrina had built earlier, and gets the inspiration for a portable kitchen island from a recovered stretcher; it is fully built three hours later. Meanwhile, Katrina starts work on a boardroom table from recovered tongue-in-groove cedar. At the brickworks, Tom and Merv discover that a sprinkler pipe is impeding their container installation, meaning that they must return to the shop and cut the supports down to size.
After a late night of cutting, Tom and Merv try for a second try at the supports at the brickworks. Meanwhile, Geoff and Gordie manage to secure uncrushed cans from the brewery, which they use to get another crib wall completed (though two crib walls, including one out of the crushed auto glass that the clients want, is still to be built). As for the firefly, they have very little cladding; only 4 of the of the firefly can be covered with the recovered parts. When the clients arrive early at Geoff's request, they are sold on the can wall, and a design complication on the clients' end means that the sink wall may need fewer sinks than what they had thought. However, Geoff had brought the clients in to address the firefly; he is afraid that he cannot finish the firefly on time, and he makes his concerns clear with the clients. However, this only brings Geoff's time management into question, as they believe rightly that Geoff had put off the firefly until it was too late.
Day 17 has Paul working on an AV system, Merv, Tom, and John on finishing touches on the container, and Andy and Katrina on the furniture. Paul heads off to an electronics recycling depot to raid what they have. One old monitor and overhead projector later, and a "poor man's projection display" is completed.
An all-nighter by the entire crew later, Paul continues his work on the door opener, still non-functional after 18 days. Geoff, however, doesn't have the money to dispose of the leftover garbage from their build (needing $500 for a garbage bin), and Geoff is pressuring Andy to sell the bike chair once again. To add to the bad news, just as the door opener is finished and properly working, they discover that the sprinkler pipe may impede the door opener. Finally, the containers are loaded onto a flatbed truck and taken to the brickworks. The build at the workshop is now complete, but the team is confident that complications may still arise in the installation...
Episode 6 - Day 19-22.
Day 19 begins with Andy taking charge of the sink wall and Gordie with the garbage disposal. Geoff, Tom, and Merv head off to the brickworks to hoist the containers in place, but because of the limited clearance, the door opener that took Paul so much time to build and perfect must be taken down to get the container in place. Meanwhile, many of the sinks must be cleaned by Katrina and John, as they contain a rubber soundproofing applied to the underside. Gordie's approach to the garbage is exactly according to his lifestyle: selling it in a yard sale.
Day 20 begins with Merv and Tom continuing with the container installation, Geoff and John taking the crib walls to the brickworks to be installed, all while Gordie goes to scrap the rest of their scrap metal for cash. However, they still need $30 for a garbage bin (and to avoid selling Andy's vaunted bike chair). Paul is tasked with finding the ultralight material for the firefly, while Gordie is organizing the yard sale. A late hit on the junk hotline allows Paul to get the rest of the firefly cladding they need, in the form of space blankets and LEDs. Back at the yard sale, despite a diminishing crowd, they are able to secure the garbage bin that they need, and the rest of what they cannot sell proceeds to the garbage bin. At the brickworks, while Tom works on the metal work that will secure the two container halves to each other, the rolling wall is discovered to not roll due to a buried rail track running under the wall.
Day 21 begins with everything being packed and moved to the brickworks. Merv and Tom are already at the brickworks with a head start on the welding job. Geoff and John start on the windows, Andy and Katrina on installing the sink wall, while Gordie goes on hanging the sink wall. Unfortunately, the firefly's top-heaviness does not allow it to be hung even without the cladding. The kitchen and most of the container's internal furniture are installed without a hitch, but the cork crib wall (replacing the crushed auto glass) is discovered to have been damaged during the transport, and an argument between Tom, Paul, and John over a sheet metal awning (over which a solar panel is to be mounted) causes Tom to walk off the job in disgust. The rest of the team continues to press on through the night on various tasks.
Day 22 is the final working day of the Junk Raiders experiment, and the day that the Evergreen Brick Works is open to the public for the first time. Still on the finished list is the firefly as well as some of the furniture. The team has only one hour before the clients show up for their final inspection, and because the firefly cladding is flammable, the bad news is that the firefly is doomed to fail. Furthermore, the water purification system and the projector media player are also acting up. This causes Tom to snap again with so little time until the clients arrive. The rest of the team work on finishing touches to the clubhouse.
The clients arrive with four other Brickworks executives. They are greeted with the bad news on the firefly, but the rest of the team helps everyone through the completed clubhouse, as even Matthew and Martin has not seen over half of the projects before this point. The client group is mixed over the final project, especially on the brick wall and firefly, but they ultimately unanimously decide to keep the structure (less the firefly). The Junk Raiders celebrate their success in finishing the project with $5000, of which only $60 of which was spent on things other than structural steel.

</doc>
<doc id="31234584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234584" title="Scott Bennett">
Scott Bennett

Scott Bennett is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31234594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234594" title="Caitlin Carmichael">
Caitlin Carmichael

Caitlin Elizabeth Carmichael (born July 2, 2004) is an American child actress.
Life and career.
Caitlin Carmichael was born in Tifton, Georgia to Tom and Catherine Carmichael. Her career began when she was three years old. Her family took her on a Disney cruise for her birthday and, while attending a show, she was drawn to the stage and chosen "Princess of the Boat." A couple of months later, John Robert Powers (JRP) talent agency gave the Carmichaels a call for her to audition for The Disney Channel. She attended classes at JRP for modeling, commercials, television and print media. Within two months, she landed a spot after auditioning to attend the International Presentation of Performers in Los Angeles. She was the youngest of approximately 2,500 performers and contestants representing five countries. She received several awards, including first-place Star of the Year; third-place scene; and Top 10 in the categories of Actress of the Year, Headshot and Monologue. Since 2008, she has appeared in a number television shows and films, including "Shake It Up", "iCarly", "Hot in Cleveland", "", "Criminal Minds."
In 2008, Carmichael was handpicked by Jenny McCarthy to play McCarthy’s daughter in the Webisode series “In the Motherhood.”
Carmichael has spent time in New York City shooting a feature film and shooting for print national commercials, including Ralph Lauren for Lord & Taylor, Ann Taylor, Charles Voegele, Dillards, Toys "R" Us and others.
In 2011, she was nominated at the 32nd Young Artist Awards for the short film "The Mis-Informant".
In addition to acting, Carmichael spends time taking dance classes (ballet, tap, and hip hop), as well as gymnastics. She also does volunteer work with the Beverly Hills Presbyterian Church, helping feed the homeless.
In 2012, at the 33rd Young Artist Awards, she was nominated for Best Performance as a Guest in a TV series in "Shake It Up" and also won Best Performance in a mini-series for her role in "Bag of Bones".

</doc>
<doc id="31234596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234596" title="United Nations General Assembly Resolution 1991">
United Nations General Assembly Resolution 1991

United Nations General Assembly Resolution 1991 was a resolution adopted by the UN General Assembly on 17 December 1963. The resolution made provisions for amending the United Nations Charter in order to increase membership of the Security Council to fifteen member states and membership of the Economic and Social Council to twenty-seven member states. As per Article 108 of the UN Charter, the agreed amendments to the Charter took effect after the resolution was ratified by two-thirds of the UN member states' legislatures, including those of all five permanent members of the Security Council.
Text.
A
"The General Assembly,"
"Considering" that the present composition of the Security Council is inequitable and unbalanced,
"Recognizing" that the increase in the membership of the United Nations makes it necessary to enlarge the membership of the Security Council, this providing for a more adequate geographical representation of non-permanent members and making it a more effective organ for carrying out its functions under the Charter of the United Nations,
"Bearing in mind" the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee on arrangements for a conference for the purpose of reviewing the Charter,
1. "Decides" to adopt, in accordance with Article 108 of the Charter of the United Nations, the following amendments to the Charter and to submit them for ratification by the States Members of the United Nations:
2. "Calls upon" all Member States to ratify the above amendments, in accordance with their respective constitutional processes, by 1 September 1965;
3. "Further decides" that the ten non-permanent members of the Security Council shall be elected according to the following pattern:
B
"The General Assembly,"
"Recognizing" that the increase in the membership of the United Nations makes it necessary to enlarge the membership of the Economic and Social Council, with a view to providing for a more adequate geographical representation therein and making it a more effective organ for carrying out its functions under Chapters IX and X of the Charter of the United Nations,
"Recalling" Economic and Social Council resolutions 974 B and C (XXXVI) of 22 July 1963,
"Bearing in mind" the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee on arrangements for a conference for the purpose of reviewing the Charter,
1. "Decides" to adopt, in accordance with Article 108 of the Charter of the United Nations, the following amendment to the Charter and to submit it for ratification by the States Members of the United Nations:
2. "Calls upon" all Member States to ratify the above amendment, in accordance with their respective constitutional processes, by 1 September 1965;
3. "Further decides" that, without prejudice to the present distribution of seats in the Economic and Social Council, the nine additional members shall be elected according to the following pattern:

</doc>
<doc id="31234691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234691" title="Knox United Church (Saskatoon)">
Knox United Church (Saskatoon)

Knox United Church is a designated municipal heritage building at 838 Spadina Crescent East, in the Central Business District, of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. 
The congregation was established as part of the Saskatoon Presbyterian Field Mission in 1885 after the North-West Rebellion. Meetings were held in homes, the Old Stone Schoolhouse, the Methodist Church and even the railway roundhouse until a wood church holding 160 was constructed near the river.
Architects Brown and Vallance of Montreal designed the present-day church in the Collegiate Gothic style. Construction started in 1912 and was completed in 1914. The two-storey building is made of dark red brick walls, features stained-glass windows, and has seating 1,200. The acoustic qualities of the church have made it a regular venue for various social and cultural events, including chamber music performances.
The Institute for stained glass in Canada has documented the stained glass at Knox United Church 

</doc>
<doc id="31234700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234700" title="Bangkok Knockout">
Bangkok Knockout

Bangkok Knockout (Thai: โคตรสู้ โคตรโส) is a 2010 Thai martial arts film.
Plot.
A group of martial arts students are holding a party due to winning a contest to star in a Hollywood film, but they all get roofied (drinks laced with knockout drugs) while celebrating. When they wake up, some of their friends have been kidnapped and they soon find a group of assassins coming after them and that the contest might not have been what it seemed. The only way to survive is to fight their way out.
Production.
Magnolia Pictures has gained the U.S. distributional rights.
Reception.
The movie has received a mixed to positive review.

</doc>
<doc id="31234702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234702" title="1989 New Zealand rugby league season">
1989 New Zealand rugby league season

The 1989 New Zealand rugby league season was the 82nd season of rugby league that had been played in New Zealand. The main feature of the year was the National Provincial Competition that was won by Auckland.
International competitions.
The New Zealand Kiwis lost three tests to Australia, losing 26-6 at Queen Elizabeth II Park, 8-0 at Rotorua International Stadium and 22-14 at Mount Smart Stadium. The Australians had also defeated a Presidents XIII, 50-18, and Wellington, 28-10, but lost to Auckland 24-26. The Kiwis were coached by Tony Gordon and the squad for the series was Darrell Williams, Tony Iro, Kevin Iro, Tony Kemp, Mark Elia, Shane Cooper, Clayton Friend, Brent Todd, Barry Harvey, James Goulding, Hugh McGahan, Sam Stewart, Brendon Tuuta, Gary Freeman, Gary Mercer, Duane Mann, Kelly Shelford, Mark Horo, Phil Bancroft and Kurt Sherlock. Kurt Sherlock became the first New Zealand union-league dual international since Jimmy Haig in 1947.
The Kiwis then embarked on a tour of Great Britain and France. They lost the series with Great Britain 1-2 and defeated France 2-0 in a Test series. In the second Test match at Elland Road Hugh McGahan scored his 16th Test try for New Zealand, a record at the time. The touring party was: Phil Bancroft, Kelly Shelford, Dave Watson, Gary Freeman, Kurt Sherlock, Mark Elia, Kevin Iro, Mike Kuiti, captain Hugh McGahan, Whetu Taewa, Gary Mercer, Francis Leota, Morvin Edwards, Darrell Williams, Tawera Nikau, Wayne Wallace, Sam Stewart, Tony Kemp, Brendon Tuuta, Dean Clark, James Goulding, Esene Faimalo, David Ewe, Adrian Shelford, Brent Todd, Duane Mann, Tea Ropati, Dean Bell, George Mann and Kurt Sorensen. Ewe and George Mann were called in as injury replacements to Goulding and Ropati while due to their contract terms Bell and Sorensen were only available for the Test matches. The tour began with a 26-27 loss to St Helens and a win against Castleford, 22-20. They then lost to Wigan 14-24 before defeating Bradford Northern, Leeds and Cumbria 26-8, 34-4 and 28-2 respectively. They then won the first Test against Great Britain 24-16. In the second Test they were outplayed and lost 6-26. The Kiwis then defeated Hull 44-8, Widnes 26-18 and Featherstone 44-20. Great Britain then wrapped up the Test series by winning the third Test 10-6. New Zealand then headed to France for the final leg of the tour, opening the French leg with a 36-12 win over a Midi Pyrenees regional side. They then defeated France 16-14 in the first Test after France led 14-0 after 30 minutes. The Kiwis then defeated Selection De L'aude 70-0, a then record for a Kiwis side, before beating France B 62-2. New Zealand then won the second Test match 34-0 to finish the tour and claim the two World Cup points. During the French leg of the tour David Ewe was sent home for unbecoming behaviour.
Before the Tests an Auckland v Rest of New Zealand trial was held. The Rest won 38-30. The Rest of New Zealand side was: Morvin Edwards, David Ewe, Paul Nahu, Tea Ropati, Tony Iro, Shane Cooper, Neville Woodham, Russell Tuuta, captain Barry Harvey, George Mann, Se'e Solomona, Esene Faimalo, Brendon Tuuta.Charlie McAlister, Brent Stuart, Gary Mercer and Mike Kuiti.
New Zealand attended the University World Cup. The team finished fourth, losing to France 28-16 in the third place play-off. The side was coached by Ces Mountford and included Paul and Phil Bergman, Andrew Chalmers and Vince Weir.
The Junior Kiwis conducted a six match tour to Papua New Guinea. They defeated the Junior Kumuls 34-8 and 36-10. They were coached by Ray Haffenden and included Hitro Okesene, Sean Hoppe, Jarrod McCracken, Stephen Kearney, Simon Angell, Whetu Taewa, Blair Harding and Tukere Barlow. Jason Temu was named in the under-17 side while the New Zealand under-15 side included Willie Swann.
Darrell Williams was the New Zealand Rugby League's player of the year.
National competitions.
Rugby League Cup.
Auckland successfully defended the Rugby League Cup throughout the year.
National Club Competition.
The national club competition, called the Lion Red League Nationals for sponsorship reasons, was won by the Northcote Tigers who defeated the Wainuiomata Lions 10-4 in the final.
The Wakatipu Giants (Southland) played Kia Toa (Otago) in a qualifying match with Kia Toa winning through to the main draw.
Club competitions.
Auckland.
The Northcote Tigers won the Fox Memorial, defeating Mangere East 30-14. They were also minor premiers and won the Stormont Shield. The Roope Rooster was won by the Mangere East Hawks. City-Pt Chevalier won the Sharman Cup while Mt Wellington won the Phelan Shield.
Kelly Shelford of Glenora won the Rothville Trophy as player of the year while Jason Lowrie was the most improved forward and Phil Bancroft topped the points scoring charts. Tawera Nikau of Otahuhu won the Best and Fairest award.
Mike McClennan coached the Northcote Tigers and made an immediate impression. The Tigers included Marty Crequer, captain Brian McClennan, Tony and Paddy Tuimavave, Jason Lowrie and Sean Hoppe. Tea Ropati and George Mann played for Mangere East while Duane Mann, Kelly Shelford, Dean Lonergan, Mike Patton and Phil Bancroft played for Glenora. Dave Watson played for Manukau and Mark Bournville played for Mt Albert while Tawera Nikau, Vaun O'Callaghan, Francis Leota and Dean Clark played for Otahuhu, who were coached by Joe Gwynne. Te Atatu included Iva Ropati, Peter Ropati, Sam Panapa, Mark Horo and Peter Brown and were coached by Ron O'Regan.
Wellington.
The Wainuiomata Lions, who only won promotion in 1988, won the Wellington Rugby League championship, defeating Upper Hutt 20-15 in the final.
The Lions included all four Lomax brothers, John, David, Arnold and Tony. Morvin Edwards, Sonny Whakarau, Mark Woods, Mike Kuiti and David Ewe played for Upper Hutt while Barry Harvey, George Lajpold and Denvour Johnston played for Randwick. Yogi Rogers, James Leuluai and Charlie McAlister played for Petone.
Canterbury.
The Addington Magpies won the Pat Smith Challenge Trophy, defeating Marist-Western 27-14. It was Marist-Western's sixth grand final loss since 1969.
Addington then defeated Cobden-Kohinoor 16-10 to retain the Thacker Shield for Canterbury.
Addington included Mike Dorreen while Hornby included Wayne Wallace, who had returned from Marist-Western, and Mark Nixon. Whetu Taewa played for Halswell.
Other Competitions.
The Takahiwai Warriors defeated the Moerewa Tigers 26-15 in the Northland Rugby League grand final. The Orowhana Dragons won the Far North title. Jason Mackie played for Takahiwai.
Turangawaewae defeated Ngaruawahia 18-11 to win the Waikato Rugby League grand final. Junior Kiwi Tukere Barlow played for the Hamilton City Tigers. 
Ngongotaha defeated Pikiao, who included Gary Mercer, 18-14 in the Bay of Plenty Rugby League grand final. Pikiao however won the combined Bay of Plenty-Midlands competition, defeating Putatura 36-34 in that final.
Western Suburbs defeated the Waitara Bears 14-12 in the Taranaki Rugby League grand final to win the Adam Lile Shield. The Kaiti Devils defeated the Repongaere Eels 24-14 to win the Gisborne-East Coast Rugby League grand final. Flaxmere defeated Omahu 34-14 to win the Hawkes Bay Rugby League championship.
Cobden-Kohinoor defeated Waro-rakau in the West Coast Rugby League grand final 36-8. Marist were coached by Tony Coll and included Wayne Dwyer and Brent Stuart. Bernie Green was Runanga's player-coach.

</doc>
<doc id="31234709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234709" title="Saray Azadi">
Saray Azadi

Saray Azadi (Freedom Square) (Kurdish: سەرای ئازادی) is a square in the old town centre in the Iraqi Kurdish city of Sulaymania. The square has otherwise been known as Bar Darki Sara (Sara Gate Square) and more recently Maidani Azadi (Kurdish: مەیدانی ئازادی). Some Kurdish media outlets have combined the old and the new name, calling it Saray Azadi. All three names are still in usage, but Saray Azadi has been more frequently used.
The square was occupied by anti-KRG protestors between 17 February and 18 April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31234710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234710" title="Lisandro Ezequiel López">
Lisandro Ezequiel López

Lisandro Ezequiel López (born 1 September 1989) is an Argentine professional football who plays for S.L. Benfica in Portugal, as a defender.
Career.
López made his official debut with Chacarita Juniors on 22 August 2009 in a loss against CA Tigre, amounting 24 games in 2009–10 Argentine Primera División.
In July 2010, López joined Arsenal de Sarandí on a free transfer, where he establish himself as top centre back, helping the team win the 2012 Clausura. 
His performances draw attention from European clubs like Arsenal, A.C. Milan, Málaga CF, and Benfica, as potential replacement for his fellow countryman Ezequiel Garay. 
In 10 July 2013, López signed with Portugal's vice-champions Benfica in a five year deal, with a €35M buy-out clause, being initially loaned for 1 year to La Liga club, Getafe CF.

</doc>
<doc id="31234728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234728" title="Suleiman Mahmoud">
Suleiman Mahmoud

Suleiman Mahmoud al-Obeidi (Arabic: سليمان محمود العبيدي) is a senior military officer in Libya. He was formerly a commander in Muammar Gaddafi's army. He was commander of the Tobruk Military Region. He was amongst the first of the army hierarchy to defect to the opposition during the Libyan civil war. Around half of the estimated 6,000 troops who have joined the rebels took their orders from General Mahmoud prior to the 28 July 2011 assassination of General Abdul Fatah Younis, the top commander of the National Liberation Army. The Associated Press reported the next day that Mahmoud succeeded Younis as army commander.
Mahmoud moved his headquarters to Tripoli after the success of Operation Mermaid Dawn. As of early September 2011, he reportedly maintains a separate force from Abdelhakim Belhadj, the head of the Tripoli Military Council, though the two men are ostensibly working to integrate the anti-Gaddafi forces in western Libya into a cohesive military under the aegis of the National Transitional Council.

</doc>
<doc id="31234744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234744" title="Luciano Aued">
Luciano Aued

Luciano Aued (born 1 March 1987) is an Argentine association football midfielder playing for Racing Club de Avellaneda in the Argentine Primera División.
Career.
Aued began playing football with the youth team of Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata. He made his debut with the senior team entering as a substitute in a 0–3 defeat to Club Atlético River Plate on 27 May 2007, and would made a total of 77 Primera Division appearances for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="31234775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234775" title="Dirty Workz">
Dirty Workz

Dirty Workz is a Belgian hardstyle & jumpstyle record label founded in 2006 by Koen Bauweraerts, also known as DJ Coone. Dirty Workz is home to many famous hardstyle acts, including the Psyko Punkz, Da Tweekaz and Jahreecellex. Dirty Workz also releases many jumpstyle releases from artists like Fenix, Dr. Rude, & Demoniak. Dirty Workz is a sublabel of Toff Music, a larger Belgian label. Toff Music releases all the albums from the Dirty Workz artists, while Dirty Workz itself focuses on digital and 12 inch releases.

</doc>
<doc id="31234796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234796" title="TBS (TV channel)">
TBS (TV channel)

TBS (stylized as tbs since 2004) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Time Warner, and operated through its Turner Broadcasting System division, which shares its name with the channel. TBS carries a variety of programming, with a focus on comedy, along with some sports events, including Major League Baseball and portions of the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship.
As of August 2013, approximately 99,231,000 American households (86.89% of cable, satellite and telco customers) receive TBS.
Availability.
TBS is available on cable and satellite providers throughout the entire United States. Until October 1, 2007, the national TBS feed could not be viewed within its home media market in the Atlanta metropolitan area, due to the over-the-air presence of WTBS (channel 17), which carried a nearly identical schedule, with the only differing programming being the required E/I programming for children and public affairs programming.
The operations of WTBS and TBS Superstation were separated in October 2007, with the over-the-air Atlanta station becoming WPCH-TV, a general entertainment independent station focused solely on the Atlanta area. The national TBS feed became available to cable and satellite subscribers within channel 17's viewing area as a result.
TBS's programming was previously made available to cable and satellite subscribers in Canada through the WTBS Atlanta feed. However, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission had only approved the Atlanta station's broadcast signal to be carried on cable and satellite providers domestically across Canada, not the TBS cable feed. As a result, following the separation of TBS and WTBS/WPCH in 2007, Canadian cable and satellite subscribers received access to WPCH/Atlanta (branded as "Peachtree TV"), instead of TBS. Most of TBS's flagship programming, such as postseason baseball and original series such as "Conan", are not broadcast on WPCH-TV, but is instead carried on other Canadian specialty channels.
History.
Early years.
TBS originated as a broadcast television station in Atlanta, Georgia that operated on UHF channel 17, and maintained a general entertainment format as an independent station. The station first signed on the air on September 1, 1967, as WJRJ-TV; Ted Turner acquired it in January 1970 and changed the call letters to WTCG. This officially stood for Turner Communications Group, the forerunner to the Turner Broadcasting System, but the station used "Watch This Channel Grow" as a promotional slogan. Beginning in the early 1970's, WTCG was microwave-linked to many areas of the Southeastern United States through cable companies that picked up the UHF channel 17 signal off-air and by microwaving the signal (sometimes several times) back to their headends. Early programming included movies from the 1930s and 1940s; sitcoms such as "Father Knows Best", "Green Acres", "Hazel", "I Love Lucy" and "The Lucy Show"; and Japanese animated series such as "Astro Boy", "Kimba the White Lion", "Marine Boy", "The Space Giants", "Speed Racer" and "Ultraman". The station also carried sports, such as Atlanta Braves baseball, Atlanta Hawks basketball, Atlanta Flames hockey and Georgia Championship Wrestling.
WTCG also bid very low on programming, leaving the network-affiliated stations in the market (WAGA-TV, WSB-TV and WXIA-TV) to acquire the stronger shows. But, because of programming commitments that the affiliates had to their networks, those stations kept the shows for only a few years and rarely renewed them, after which WTCG bought syndicated shows second-hand at much lower prices. By the mid-1970s, "The Andy Griffith Show", "The Flintstones", "Leave It to Beaver", "The Little Rascals", "My Three Sons", "", "The Three Stooges" and many others were added to the station's schedule.
In 1976, most U.S. cities below the top 20 media markets lacked independent stations running general entertainment programs, and generally had only stations affiliated with ABC, NBC and CBS, along with a non-commercial educational station. Cable providers in these areas carried stations from neighboring markets, and if possible, the independent station (often those located anywhere between 60 and 200 miles away). In some markets, however, this was not an option. This left cable providers with three markets lacking an independent station and two to three affiliates from each major network.
WTCG gets beamed via satellite.
Ted Turner decided to distribute his station through satellite, enabling WTCG to be received nationwide, especially in markets lacking even a distant independent station. At 1 p.m. Eastern Time on December 17, 1976, WTCG's signal was beamed via the Satcom 1 satellite to four cable systems in Grand Island, Nebraska; Newport News, Virginia; Troy, Alabama and Newton, Kansas. The first broadcast was the 1948 Dana Andrews-Cesar Romero film "Deep Waters", which had been in progress for 30 minutes on channel 17 in Atlanta. Instantly, WTCG went from being a small independent television station that was available only in Georgia and neighboring states to a major coast-to-coast operation. WTCG became a so-called "superstation" and set a precedent for today's basic cable television. By 1978, WTCG was on cable providers in all 50 states.
TBS became only the second U.S. cable channel to transmit its programming via satellite; HBO (which eventually became a sister channel to TBS through Time Warner's 1996 acquisition of the Turner Broadcasting System) began to distribute its signal nationally through satellite transmission on September 30, 1975 but cable subscribers were required to pay extra to receive that service. Ted Turner's innovation signaled the start of the basic cable revolution.
Initial change to WTBS.
WTCG changed its callsign to WTBS on August 27, 1979. The new call letters were acquired via a monetary donation to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's student radio station (now WMBR). In the late 1970s, WTBS continued to acquire second-hand programming such as made-for-TV "Popeye" cartoons, "The Brady Bunch", "The Munsters" and other programs. The station did manage to acquire reruns of "All in the Family" and "Sanford and Son" in 1979, as well as "Little House on the Prairie" and "CHiPs" in 1981. Other older shows would eventually be removed from the schedule. WTCG also mixed more movies from the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s onto its schedule.
The channel 17 transmitter was originally located at 1018 West Peachtree Street Northwest (it has since been relocated to the Atlanta suburb of North Druid Hills, Georgia), with the antenna located on a large self-supporting tower. The building at this site was once home to the studios of then-CBS affiliate WAGA-TV and, later, channel 17, during its first three years under the callsign WJRJ-TV. Soon after being purchased by Turner, the station moved to new studio facilities located a few blocks west, to the former site of the Progressive Club. Initially, WTCG was identified as "Channel 17" both locally in Atlanta and on cable providers outside of that area. The same shows ran on the local Atlanta broadcast and nationally. When the callsign changed in 1979, Turner branded the station as "Superstation WTBS" with the reference to the channel 17 frequency in the Atlanta market within the logo. Many cable providers throughout the country even carried the channel on its customary channel 17 position.
In 1981, Turner decided to have all of the shows carried by WTBS continue to air both locally and nationally, but separated the feeds (in a move that preceded fellow superstations WGN-TV and WWOR-TV doing the same thing after the Federal Communications Commission's passage of the Syndication Exclusivity Rights rule in 1989). The station would be known locally in Atlanta as "Superstation 17." The over-the-air signal would continue to air local commercials as well. Nationally, though, the station would not mention the channel number "17" and would have logos identifying it only as "Superstation WTBS". Separate national advertising or per inquiry ads would air on the superstation feed.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer library.
During the 1980s, WTBS focused heavily on movies – running two films during the day, and a movie-exclusive schedule during the nighttime hours after 8 p.m., with the exception of sports events. At other times, WTBS continued to run mostly classic sitcoms, and vintage cartoons. In 1986, when Ted Turner purchased Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (which he would sell back to previous owner Kirk Kerkorian that October due to debt incurred by the Turner Broadcasting System from its purchase of the film studio), WTBS gained the rights to the entire MGM film library (including certain acquisitions by MGM). This gave WTBS many theatrical cartoon shorts such as "Tom and Jerry", as well as shows like "Gilligan's Island" and "The Addams Family".
WTBS began to run "The Little Rascals", "Tom & Jerry", "Looney Tunes"/"Merrie Melodies" cartoons released prior to August 1948, theatrical "Popeye" cartoon shorts, and "Three Stooges" shorts under the banner "Tom & Jerry and Friends" running for either one hour or 90 minutes during the morning hours and for an hour in the afternoon from 1986 until the mid-1990s. In the late 1980s, WTBS slightly decreased the amount of movies broadcast during the day and began to add 1970s sitcoms such as "Happy Days", "The Jeffersons", "Good Times", "One Day at a Time" and others to the evening lineup; "Little House on the Prairie" ran in late mornings continuously from 1986 to 2003.
Other programming.
Music videos also aired on its late night weekend lineup from 1983 to 1992 under the "Night Tracks" branding, with up to 14 hours of programming (barring constant preemptions from sporting events running overtime). Beginning in 1991, a handful of shows (mostly movies) that were shown nationally were preempted in the Atlanta market in order to broadcast FCC-mandated news, public affairs and children's programming – this continued until the split of the TBS national feed from the Atlanta area station. Programming on WTBS had always been Syndex-proof as it licensed all programming to be able to run nationally, in addition to being shown in the Atlanta market. Most of these shows run nationally were also syndicated in local markets on the respective local stations through additional agreements.
TBS was also the home of World Championship Wrestling (WCW), with a weekly show airing on Saturdays called "WCW Saturday Night" that debuted in 1992 (the promotion was formerly owned by Jim Crockett Promotions, which fell under the NWA umbrella). That show would run until 2000, and was the flagship program for the WCW before "Monday Nitro" launched in 1995 on sister channel TNT. Another WCW show, "WCW Thunder", debuted in 1998 on Thursday nights; the program was moved to Wednesdays in 2000, before it was cancelled in 2001 when TBS executive Jamie Kellner determined that wrestling did not fit the demographics of either TBS or TNT and would not be favorable enough to get the "right" advertisers to buy airtime, even though "Thunder" was the highest-rated show on the channel at the time.
Throughout the 1980s and the early 1990s, TBS also carried the Electra teletext service on its vertical blanking interval; Electra was discontinued in 1993 due to a lack of funding. In the early 1990s, shows such as "The Flintstones", "Brady Bunch", "Scooby-Doo", "The Jetsons", "Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies" shorts, "Gilligan's Island," and others remained on the schedule as other older shows such as "Three Stooges", "Little Rascals" and "Leave it to Beaver" were dropped from the channel and made way for more 1980s sitcoms such as "Three's Company", "Who's the Boss?", "Growing Pains", "The Cosby Show", "Family Ties" and "Saved by the Bell". Original animated programming such as "Captain Planet and the Planeteers", "2 Stupid Dogs" and "" were also added to the lineup.
In 1996, the Turner Broadcasting System was acquired by Time Warner; among the programming changes instituted after the merger was the addition of "Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies" cartoons that were released after August 1, 1948, which began airing in January 1997.
Shift towards comedy.
In 1997, TBS began to collect subscriber fees directly from cable operators, effectively causing the national feed to begin operating under the conventions of a basic cable channel, though it was still technically designated as a superstation. In exchange, TBS began to lease advertising slots to cable providers to allow them to locally insert commercials in the provider's service area; as a result, the channel began to broadcast fewer Atlanta Braves regular season games to a national audience. In 1999, WTBS dropped all of its remaining cartoons (which at the time were running under the "Disaster Area" banner), with those shows migrating to Cartoon Network and becoming the core of a new cable channel devoted to classic cartoons that launched several months later called Boomerang.
WTBS continued to run a mix of movies, sitcoms and drama series. By 2001, several sitcoms from the 1980s and especially the 1990s such as "Full House", "Family Matters", "The Cosby Show", "Friends", "Seinfeld" and "Home Improvement" became part of the schedule, many of them airing on the afternoon "Non-Stop Comedy Block" by 2002. In 2003, WTBS dropped "Little House on the Prairie" and other dramatic programming as a part of its new focus on comedic programming, such as sitcom reruns, original reality television series and theatrically released comedy films. As part of this focus, TBS adopted the slogan "Very Funny" and introduced a new logo in June 2004. It is intended as a direct contrast to sister channel TNT, which had focused on older movies initially but moved toward and now focuses on drama series and films.
Split from the Atlanta signal.
In late June 2007, the Turner Broadcasting System announced that WTBS would change its callsign to WPCH-TV, and would be rebranded as "Peachtree TV". The rebranded channel 17 would offer sitcoms and movies geared specifically toward an Atlanta audience, and would also broadcast 45 Atlanta Braves baseball games starting with the 2008 season. The change occurred on October 1, with the national feed becoming a separate cable channel that retained the TBS name. In addition, the channel 17 changeover allowed cable and satellite subscribers in the Atlanta market – who previously received WTBS's local Atlanta signal – to receive the national TBS feed for the first time since the early 1980s. Following the change, Canadian cable providers were legally required to continue carrying the local Peachtree TV signal, instead of switching to the national TBS feed. Beginning with the 2008 season, TBS began airing Major League Baseball postseason games, with regular season baseball coverage expanding to include games from other MLB teams.
In November 2009, TBS debuted its first late-night talk show, "Lopez Tonight", hosted by comedian George Lopez. One year later, the channel expanded its late-night offerings with the November 8, 2010 debut of "Conan", after TBS struck a deal to give Conan O'Brien a show on the channel on the heels of his controversial exit as host of NBC's "The Tonight Show". "Lopez Tonight" ended its run on August 12, 2011, after it was cancelled due to a steep decline in ratings. In 2011, TBS also obtained the partial cable television rights to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship – which it shares with Turner-owned sister channels TNT and TruTV, along with the tournament's longtime broadcaster, CBS. The channel's third late-night talk show, "The Pete Holmes Show", debuted on October 28, 2013, hosted by comedian Pete Holmes. "The Pete Holmes Show" ended its run on June 18, 2014, after it was cancelled due to a steep decline in ratings.
During the first quarter of 2012, TBS's viewership in the 18-49 adult demographic beat all other advertiser-supported cable channels, in spite of the fact that TBS did not air any original shows in prime time during that period nor had it aired a show among the 50 highest-rated cable programs.
Evolution of the TBS branding.
Over the years, TBS has had several logos and undergone multiple name changes. As a superstation, it was named "SuperStation WTBS" starting in 1979. In 1987, the "W" from the "WTBS" callsign was dropped from the superstation's on-air branding in order to emphasize the channel's national programming prominence, with the WTBS Atlanta signal using the separate branding of "Superstation 17". On September 28, 1989, SuperStation TBS changed its name to "TBS Superstation" to reflect the strong national standing of the channel.
In 1991, the word "Superstation" was removed from the cable channel's on-air branding and promotions, becoming known as simply "TBS"; this continued until December 17, 1996, when TBS celebrated its 20th anniversary as a national service, with the channel reverting its name back to "TBS Superstation" (promotions for the channel's programming beginning at this time until 2004 often verbally referred to the national feed only as "the Superstation"). The "Superstation" sub-brand was once again dropped in early 2004, with the channel reverting to being branded as simply TBS, months before it adopted a new logo that rendered the channel's name in lowercase.
High definition.
TBS HD is a 1080i high definition simulcast feed of TBS. The high definition version of TBS feed launched on September 1, 2007. WTBS already operated a high definition digital signal that could be viewed over-the-air in the Atlanta market prior to September 1, which was replaced by the superstation feed's HD simulcast, instead of simulcasting what became Peachtree TV.
Much like sister channel TNT, TBS airs a moderate amount of program content broadcast in standard definition stretched to the widescreen format through a non-linear process similar to the "panorama" setting on many HDTVs that some viewers have nicknamed Stretch-o-Vision after it was first used by TNT; though other HD simulcast feeds operated by cable channels have also adopted this practice. The non-linear stretching process leaves objects in the center of the screen with approximately their original aspect ratio; objects at the left and right edges are distorted (horizontal panning makes the distortion especially apparent). In addition to true HD content in 16:9, TBS HD also airs unstretched, upconverted standard definition content in its original aspect ratio, but commercials are aired in either format without stretching for ads produced in 480i. TBS launched a HD feed for its Pacific Time Zone feed on June 18, 2010.
Programming.
TBS currently airs a mix of original sitcoms and reruns of sitcoms that were originally broadcast on the major broadcast networks. Original programs currently seen on TBS include "Cougar Town", "Men at Work", "Sullivan & Son" and "Who Gets the Last Laugh?". The channel's daytime schedule is heavily dominated by reruns of current and former network comedies, with these shows also airing in the evening and sporadically during the overnight hours. Such programs include "Family Guy", "Friends", "Seinfeld", "The King of Queens", "Married... with Children", "American Dad!" (which will move its first-run episodes to TBS, which already holds cable syndication rights, from Fox in July 2014), "The Office", "Everybody Loves Raymond" and "The Big Bang Theory".
Turner Time.
On June 29, 1981, TBS (as SuperStation WTBS) began to use an off-time scheduling format for its programming known as "Turner Time." While program offerings on other broadcast and basic cable channels generally began at the top and bottom (:00 and :30 minutes) of each hour, TBS decided to begin airing programs five minutes later, at :05 and :35 minutes past the hour. Programs seen on TBS were listed under their own time entry in "TV Guide" during the log listings era as a result of this scheduling, thus enabling the program listings to catch potential viewers' eyes more readily. The use of "Turner Time" also encouraged channel surfers who could not find anything interesting to watch at the top of the hour to still be able to watch a program on TBS without missing the first few minutes. Most importantly, since shows ended five minutes later than normal, from a strategic standpoint the off-time scheduling usually encouraged viewers to continue watching TBS rather than turning to another channel to watch a program that would already be airing in progress.
TBS reduced its use of the "Turner Time" scheduling in 1997 and switched entirely to conventional start times at the top and bottom of the hour by 2000. However, unconventional start times continue to be used for movies airing on the channel – whose running times may vary depending on the film's length with commercials added (for example, a movie that starts at 8 p.m. ET may cause subsequent programming to start within the half-hour, such as at :15 and :45 after the hour). This often causes major disruptions in the start times of programming. In some circumstances, conventional "top-and-bottom" start times would not be restored until early the next morning. While this is not exactly related to the "Turner Time" format, it may strategically serve the same purposes due to the off-time scheduling. The "Turner Time" format is similar to the scheduling applied by most premium channels and certain other movie-oriented services (which schedule the start of programs in variable five-minute increments); other broadcast and cable channels have utilized similar off-time scheduling formats (such as Telemundo – which utilizes a "Turner Time"-style scheduling for programs during the first two hours of prime time – and Viacom-owned channels such as Nick at Nite, MTV and TV Land).
News programming.
One type of programming that TBS does not produce presently is news. Nevertheless, TBS – during its existence as a superstation – produced a twenty-minute newscast called "17 Update Early in the Morning" from 1976 to 1979; the program was taped at the end of the workday and aired between movies around 3 or 4 a.m. Eastern Time. Its format was similar to the "Saturday Night Live" segment "Weekend Update" and was, to a certain extent, a forerunner to "The Daily Show". The timeslot and the satirical content of the program were a reaction to FCC rules in effect at the time that required stations to carry some news and information content – although TBS had to broadcast news, the FCC could not dictate "when" it aired or demand that it have a serious tone. "17 Update Early in the Morning" was cancelled months before Ted Turner began his serious television news venture, CNN.
CNN also produced an hour-long weeknight news program for TBS called the "TBS Evening News" that usually ran at 10 p.m. ET during the early 1980s. For many years, WTBS also ran a half-hour simulcast of CNN's sister channel Headline News (now HLN) each morning at 6 a.m.; this was only carried in the Atlanta area and cable providers in the market that received the local feed (currently, as WPCH-TV, the Atlanta station runs an hour-long simulcast block of HLN's news programming daily at 6 a.m.).
On September 11, 2001, TBS (along with sister channels TNT, Court TV, Headline News, CNNfn and CNNSI) carried CNN's coverage of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon. During sports blackouts in some areas (particularly in markets where a channel such as a local broadcast station or regional sports network has the regional or local broadcast rights to a particular sporting event that is scheduled to air elsewhere around the country on TBS), TBS carries rolling news coverage from HLN in its place.
Movies.
Feature films have been a mainstay of TBS since its inception as a superstation. In the present day, most of the films seen on TBS are of the comedy genre, however some drama and action films continue to air on the channel periodically; movies on the channel generally air during the overnight hours on a daily basis and during much of the day on weekends (except from between 5-11 a.m. and 3-11 p.m. ET on Saturdays and 5-10 a.m. ET on Sunday mornings – with the start time subject to variation – due to sitcom blocks that typically air in those timeslots); this is in stark contrast to its existence as a superstation, when movies also filled late morning, early afternoon and prime time slots on weekdays. TBS broadcasts movies from sister companies Warner Bros. Pictures and New Line Cinema, along with films produced by Touchstone Pictures, Columbia Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Universal Pictures and Paramount Pictures.
In the recent past, TBS had frequently aired its prime time movies interspersed with other content and commentary (for example, "Dinner and a Movie" included cooking segments, while "Movie and a Makeover" featured fashion content); these wraparound segments later moved to weekend afternoon film presentations, before being dropped entirely by 2011. Since 1997, TBS has broadcast the 1983 film "A Christmas Story" in a 24-hour marathon from Christmas Eve to Christmas Day, which also ran simultaneously on sister channel TNT until 2009. Once each weekend, TBS airs a movie in prime time with limited commercial interruption, branded in promo advertisements under the title "More Movies, Less Commercials" (sister channel TNT also runs a prime time movie each weekend, that is telecast with limited commercial interruption).
Sports programming.
Baseball.
Coverage of the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball team (which was formerly owned by Ted Turner) was perhaps TBS's signature program, mainly due to its viewer popularity in Georgia and neighboring states. Turner once famously tried to get Andy Messersmith to use his #17 jersey to promote Superstation WTBS in its early years (the back of the jersey read, "CHANNEL 17"). The MLB organization immediately stopped Turner from proceeding with this plan due to league regulations barring team jerseys from incorporating advertising other than that of the jersey's manufacturer.
At the 2006 MLB All-Star Game, it was announced that TBS would begin carrying a television package that includes all major league teams beginning with the 2007 season. TBS began carrying all Division Series games and one of the two League Championship Series (assuming the rights from Fox and ESPN) as well as the announcements of the All-Star teams and any possible games to determine division winners and wild card teams (those were also carried previously on ESPN). In 2008, TBS began airing MLB regular season Sunday games, with the provision that no team may appear on the telecasts more than 13 times during the season.
During the 2007 transitional year, TBS aired 70 regular-season Braves games. In 2008, the number of Braves telecasts was reduced to only 45 games, with TBS's former Atlanta feed, WPCH-TV solely carrying the games; Turner syndicates the package to other television stations and cable channels for broadcast in the remainder of the Braves' designated market area. The final Braves game to be broadcast on TBS aired on September 30, 2007, with the first divisional playoff game airing the following day on October 1, 2007 (when the TBS/WPCH split occurred).
On October 18, 2008, a technical problem in Atlanta prevented TBS from showing the first inning of Game 6 of the American League Championship Series between the Boston Red Sox and Tampa Bay Rays; the channel aired an episode of "The Steve Harvey Show" instead.
College basketball.
In 2011, TBS obtained the television rights to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, with broadcast rights shared with CBS, and fellow Turner properties TNT and TruTV. This presently consists of the early rounds of the Sweet Sixteen, but will expand in 2016 to include the regional finals, Final Four and national championship game on an alternating basis with CBS.
College football.
College football games from the Big 12 and Pac-10 athletic conferences aired on TBS for several years in a sub-licensing agreement with Fox Sports. That agreement ended after the 2006 season.
National Basketball Association.
NBA basketball games aired on TBS from the late 1970s until they were moved entirely to TNT in 2000. Some games from the Atlanta Hawks (which were also owned by Turner) were shown on TBS until the telecasts on TNT and the TBS superstation feed became subject to blackout within 35 miles of the home team's arena; this restriction was dropped when TNT gained the right to be the exclusive broadcaster of any game it chose to carry.
Professional wrestling.
Professional wrestling aired on TBS from 1971 to 2001 under several different companies including Jim Barnett-owned Georgia Championship Wrestling (1971–1984), Vince McMahon's World Wrestling Federation (1984–1985), Bill Watts' Mid-South Wrestling and Jim Crockett, Jr.'s Jim Crockett Promotions (1985–1988), which eventually became Turner-owned World Championship Wrestling (1988–2001). Through the early 1990s, the wrestling programs were among basic cable's highest-rated offerings, due to heavy viewership in the Southeastern United States, as with Braves baseball coverage.
NASCAR.
Select NASCAR Winston Cup Series (now Sprint Cup Series), Busch Series (now Nationwide Series) and Craftsman Truck Series (now Camping World Truck Series) races aired on TBS until the 2000 season. For several years in the late 1990s, the only Cup races aired on TBS were the two regular Cup series races from Lowe's Motor Speedway (TBS did not have rights to The Winston, which usually aired on TNN), and the July race at Pocono Raceway. TBS was also the home of the post-season exhibition races held at Suzuka Circuit and the Twin Ring Motegi tracks in Japan from 1996 to 1998. NASCAR events moved to TNT in 2001 as part of a deal between the organization, NBC and TNT, although the initial plans were for TBS to carry the races. Instead, Turner Broadcasting decided that the NASCAR telecasts would better fit TNT's "We Know Drama" image campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="31234816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234816" title="Knox United Church">
Knox United Church

Knox United Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31234821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234821" title="USCGC Point Kennedy (WPB-82320)">
USCGC Point Kennedy (WPB-82320)

USCGC "Point Kennedy" (WPB-82320) was an Point class cutter constructed at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland in 1961 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. Since the Coast Guard policy in 1961 was not to name cutters under in length, it was designated as "WPB-82320" when commissioned and acquired the name "Point Kennedy" in January 1964 when the Coast Guard started naming all cutters longer than .
Construction and design details.
"Point Kennedy" was built to accommodate an 8 man crew. She was powered by two VT600 Cummins diesel main drive engines and had two five-bladed propellers. The main drive engines were later replaced by VT800 Cummins engines. Water tank capacity was and fuel tank capacity was at 95% full. Engine exhaust was ported through the transom rather than through a conventional stack and this permitted a 360 degree view from the bridge; a feature that was very useful in search and rescue work as well as a combat environment. 
The design specifications for "Point Kennedy" included a steel hull for durability and an aluminum superstructure and longitudinally framed construction was used to save weight. Ease of operation with a small crew size was possible because of the non-manned main drive engine spaces. Controls and alarms located on the bridge allowed one man operation of the cutter thus eliminating a live engineer watch in the engine room. Because of design, four men could operate the cutter; however, the need for resting watchstanders brought the crew size to eight men for normal domestic service. The screws were designed for ease of replacement and could be changed without removing the cutter from the water. A clutch-in idle speed of three knots helped to conserve fuel on lengthy patrols and an eighteen knot maximum speed could get the cutter on scene quickly. Air-conditioned interior spaces were a part of the original design for the Point class cutter. Interior access to the deckhouse was through a watertight door on the starboard side aft of the deckhouse. The deckhouse contained the cabin for the officer-in-charge and the executive petty officer. The deckhouse also included a small arms locker, scuttlebutt, a small desk and head. Access to the lower deck and engine room was down a ladder. At the bottom of the ladder was the galley, mess and recreation deck. A watertight door at the front of the mess bulkhead led to the main crew quarters which was ten feet long and included six bunks that could be stowed, three bunks on each side. Forward of the bunks was the crew's head complete with a compact sink, shower and commode. Accommodations for a 13 man crew were installed for Vietnam service.
History.
After delivery in 1961, "Point Kennedy" was assigned a homeport of San Juan, Puerto Rico, where she served as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. 
At the request of the United States Navy, in October 1965, she was alerted for service in Vietnam and assigned to Coast Guard Squadron One in support of Operation Market Time along with 8 other Point class cutters. While the crew completed overseas training and weapons qualifications at Coast Guard Island and Camp Parks, California, "Point Kennedy" was loaded onto a merchant ship, and transported to Subic Bay, Philippines arriving in January 1966 where she was refit for combat service. Shipyard modifications included installation of new single-sideband radio equipment, additional floodlights, small arms lockers, bunks, additional sound-powered phone circuits, and the addition of 4 M-2 machine guns. The original Oerlikon 20 mm cannon was replaced with a combination over-under 50 caliber machine gun/81mm trigger-fired mortar that had been developed by the Coast Guard for service in Vietnam. For service in Vietnam, two officers were added to the crew complement to add seniority to the crew in the mission of interdicting vessels at sea.
"Point Kennedy" was assigned to Division 13 of Squadron One to be based at Cat Lo Navy Base near Vung Tau, along with , , , , , , and . After sea trials, the Division left Subic Bay for Cat Lo on 19 February 1966 in the company of , their temporary support ship. They arrived at their new duty station on 23 February and began patrolling the coastal waters near the Rung Sat Special Zone. Duty consisted of boarding Vietnamese junks to search for contraband weapons and ammunition and check the identification papers of persons on board.
During May 1967 a hydrographic survey small boat from the was hit by enemy fire and was sinking. "Point Kennedy" assisted with damage control work and provided suppression fire while removing the small boat and "Maury" from the scene.
As a part of the Vietnamization Program South Vietnamese Navy crewmen were assigned for training purposes beginning in February 1969. After the crew of "Point Kennedy" trained a Vietnamese replacement crew, she was turned over to the Republic of Vietnam Navy as a part of the Vietnamization Program and recommissioned as RVNS "Huỳnh Văn Ngan" (HQ-713), on 16 March 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="31234837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234837" title="Shimoda Conference">
Shimoda Conference

Shimoda Conference (previously Japanese-American Assembly) was a series of unofficial dialogues between representatives of the United States and Japan that first began in 1967 and continued every 2–4 years until 1994. In 2011 representatives from the United States and Japan gathered to hold the New Shimoda Conference in order to revive these dialogues.
History.
The first conference took place in 1967 and was the first forum for serious, but unofficial discussion between the two nations since World War II. Hosted by the Japan Council for International Understanding (JCIE's predecessor) and the American Assembly of Columbia University the conference was attended by several Congressional members, including then Senate Majority Leader Mike Mansfield, Senator Edmund Muskie (later secretary of state), Representative Thomas Foley (later Speaker of the House), and Representative Donald Rumsfeld (later secretary of defense), as well as Japanese diet members Yasuhiro Nakasone (later prime minister) and Eiichi Nagasue (later chairman of the Democratic Socialist Party).
New Shimoda Conference.
On February 22, 2011 about 50 representatives from the United States and Japan gathered at the Tokyo hotel for the New Shimoda Conference in order to revive the historic forum between the two nations. The conference commemorates the 40th anniversary of the Japan Center for International Exchange(JCIE), the independent organization that hosts the event.
Publications.
In addition to analysis and coverage of the forum, most of the discussions at the Shimoda Conferences are available in bilingual copies.

</doc>
<doc id="31234887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234887" title="Daroa Ben-Moide">
Daroa Ben-Moide

Daroa Ben-Moide is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country.
Playing career.
Ben-Moide played for the Port Moresby Vipers.
He spent the 1988 season playing for Petone in the Wellington Rugby League competition. He also represented Wellington.
He played in six Test Matches for Papua New Guinea between 1988 and 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="31234889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234889" title="Long-Thibaud-Crespin Competition">
Long-Thibaud-Crespin Competition

The Long–Thibaud–Crespin Competition is an international classical music competition for pianists, violinists and singers that has been held in France since 1943. It was created by the pianist Marguerite Long and the violinist Jacques Thibaud. Thibaud died in 1953, Long in 1966. Until 2011 it included only pianists and violinists and was known as the Marguerite Long–Jacques Thibaud Competition. That year, in honour of the French soprano Régine Crespin (1927–2007), it was expanded to include singers, and renamed .
Frequency.
The competition was initially triennial, but from 1949 it was held biennially. In 1980, it was split into two contests, where pianists compete only against other pianists, and violinists only against other violinists. Previously, violinists and pianists had competed against each other. That year, it reverted to a triennial competition. In 2007, it became biennial once more, and in 2011, under its new name, it became triennial again.
Juries.
Yehudi Menuhin headed the violin jury from 1993 till his death in 1999. The president of the violin jury is currently Salvatore Accardo, and Aldo Ciccolini heads the piano jury.
Winners.
The winners in the inaugural contest (1943) were Samson François (piano) and Michèle Auclair (violin). 
Other notable prize winners include: Paul Badura-Skoda, Dimitri Bashkirov, Anshel Brusilow, Alexandre Brussilovsky, Stanislav Bunin, Olivier Cazal, Jean-Philippe Collard, Youri Egorov, Arnold Eidus, Philippe Entremont, Victor Eresko, Vladimir Feltsman, Christian Ferras, Peter Frankl, Nana Jashvili, Marina Goglidze-Mdivani, György Pauk, Nelli Shkolnikova, Raphael Sobolevsky, Vladimir Spivakov, Gabriel Tacchino, Jean Ter-Merguerian, Tamás Vásáry, Vladimir Viardo, Jean-Pierre Wallez and Oxana Yablonskaya.

</doc>
<doc id="31234891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234891" title="At the Foot of Heaven">
At the Foot of Heaven

"At the Foot of Heaven: a Mini Audio Book" is a 1994 spoken-word EP by musician/performing artist Kevin Max Smith. It was produced to promote Smith's poetry book of the same name; the book and album were released simultaneously by Starsong Records. Smith reads all poems accompanied by minimal music.
The EP is available on cassette tape only.
Kevin Max (having dropped the name "Smith") went on to release his first full-length musical album, "Stereotype Be", in 2001. He also later produced a full-length spoken word album, 2003's "Raven Songs 101", in collaboration with Adrian Belew.

</doc>
<doc id="31234911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234911" title="Gian Franco Morini">
Gian Franco Morini

Gian Franco Morini (born October 23, 1984, in Bologna, Italy) is a music video and film director, film editor and writer.
Biography.
He attended Collegio San Luigi in Bologna, where he obtained a scientific high school degree.
He later graduated in Communication & Marketing in June 2006 at L.UN.A. (Libera Universita' delle Arti), after a 3-year course. At that point he was asked to join the university's research team: C.R.L. (Centro Ricerche Luna). He started working on all the projects they were involved in, as the ""Portale Moda Italiano"", in collaboration with Comune di Milano and Camera Nazionale della Moda Italiana (in English: ""The National Chamber for Italian Fashion""), an association which co-ordinates and promotes the development of Italian fashion and is responsible for hosting the fashion events and shows of Milan Fashion Week (in Italian: ""Settimana della Moda""), the famous fashion week held every six months in Milan.
The "Portale Moda Italiano" ("Portal for Italian Fashion") is a project that aims to recover the cultural heritage of Italian fashion. Built on digital databases, digitized magazines and collections coming from both private and public museums, the Portal has already made 10 million documents, 1500 sources and 5000 archives available. The Portal is divided into three different sections: the ""Historical Network"" (with sources and documents), a ""Real Time Network"" (containing all the lists of contemporary fashion professionals) and a ""Trend Network"" (that makes the analysis of the international trends found on the web possible).
In September 2007, in order to focus on his directing career, he decided to move to New York City, where he attended a 2 year filmmaking course at New York Film Academy.
Collaborations.
For Tony Snake, he wrote, directed and edited the commercial "Avoid the Chainsaw", using an old animation stand and the technique of photoanimation, combined with modern digital software.
He later used photoanimation, combined with the anaglyph technique, when he collaborated with Culture Prophet on the project "Culture Prophet – Hustler", that he wrote, directed and edited.
The project was shot in Nevada: both in the Las Vegas Valley and in the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area.
He finally worked with Daryl Xavier Stone and Francesco Frankstarr Parlatore, on the project "Rod Stone & Frankstarr: I'm a Tigör", that he wrote, directed, animated and edited.
Academy's years.
While student at the New York Film Academy, he shot an unofficial music video for Mr. Oizo's track "Positif", as one of the projects in the 2-year course. A-Trak (born Alain Macklovitc), Kanye West's dj, published an article on his blog about it believing was the official work of his good friend Quentin Dupieux a.k.a. Mr. Oizo. Quentin Dupieux himself had to comment on the video indicating how he was not, in fact, the author of the clip.
An unofficial "horror" music video about vegetables' tortures that he wrote, directed, edited and acted in, for The Bloody Beetroots, while still in film school, has now over 800,000 views on YouTube. The project was shot on Kodak Plus-X film, with an old Arriflex camera made in Western Germany during the 1950s.
Collaborators.
His most important collaborators are with the photographer Don Gerardo Frasco and the assistant director Gaia Baldini.
Present time.
In November 2010 he started working with Gala (born Gala Rizzatto), an Italian pop singer-songwriter.
He edited the first feature film by the fashion and arts photographer Diana Scheunemann, "Love American Skin".
They started their collaboration in 2011 with a video editorial for Bolero Magazin, featuring the model Charlotte Kemp Muhl, the face of Maybelline New York and Jennifer Lopez's clothing brand J Lo, and involved in the musical project titled "The Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger" with Sean Ono Lennon, with whom she also formed the record company "Chimera Music". The editorial has been featured both on the February print issue of the magazine and distributed on the web version of it.

</doc>
<doc id="31234923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234923" title="Casorate">
Casorate

Casorate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31234955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234955" title="Psyko Punkz">
Psyko Punkz

The Psyko Punkz is a Dutch hardstyle production/DJ duo, consisting of Sven Sieperda and Wietse Amersfoort. The two are signed to the Belgian record label Dirty Workz, where they have been regularly releasing tracks since the year 2008. The Psyko Punkz have had live acts at the mainstages of Defqon.1 and Qlimax, the two largest Hardstyle events and gatherings. 
The Psyko Punkz were voted as "Best New Face" by the Hard Dance Awards in 2011.
At the Fear FM Awards they were voted as best track of 2010 with their hit BASS BOOM.
This track reached 1.5 million views on YouTube within 10 months. 
In 2012 they were selected to do the annual Qlimax anthem, which is called "Fate Or Fortune".

</doc>
<doc id="31234996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31234996" title="Con Sullivan">
Con Sullivan

Con Sullivan (1883-1964) was a New Zealand international rugby league footballer of the early twentieth century who played for various Australasian representative sides.
Playing career.
Sullivan started his career in Wellington, where he was selected to tour Australia, winning an international cap for New Zealand against Australia in 1909. In 1910 he started playing for North Sydney in the NSWRFL Premiership. In his first year at the club he was selected to play for New South Wales, Australia (including the first Ashes test on Australian soil) and a combined "Australasia" team against the first Great Britain Lions tourists. The following year he was selected to go on the 1911–12 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain, and played in 16 matches, for Australasia, including the third Test. Sullivan toured New Zealand with the New South Wales side in 1912-13 and played his last Test series against England in 1914 in teams captained by his clubmate and brother-in-law Sid Deane.
Later years.
Sullivan later married Deane's sister with their son Bob continuing the family link with the club. Bob Sullivan made a Test appearance for Australia in 1954. His younger brother John also played for Norths in the 1950s as a versatile back.
Con Sullivan died in October 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="31235017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235017" title="Seoul International Marathon">
Seoul International Marathon

The Seoul International Marathon, also known as the "Dong-A Ilbo Seoul Marathon", is an annual marathon race that takes place in Seoul, South Korea. It is one of two annual races over the 42.195 km classic distance in the city, alongside the JoongAng Seoul Marathon which is held in November. It holds IAAF Gold Label Road Race status. First held in 1931, it is the third longest-running road running competition in Asia after the Hakone Ekiden and Chugoku Yamaguchi Ekiden in Japan.
The race has been integral to the elite level of the sport in Korea, as ten of the 28 South Korean national records in the marathon have been set at the competition. The day's races attract around 20,000 people on a yearly basis.
History.
The genesis of the competition is traced back to the "Youngdungpo Marathon", which was first held in 1931. It was not a true marathon and the looped course in the city measured roughly 50 ris (around or 23.3 km). The race was contested between fourteen of the country's top male runners and Seoul's Kim Eun-Bae won the first edition. Kim and the 1933 winner Sohn Kee-chung both went on to compete at the Olympic marathon, although they did so under the flag of Japan as Korea was part of the Japanese empire at that time.
This fact contributed to the suspension of the 1937 race: the event's sponsor, Korean broadsheet the "Dong-A Ilbo", censored the Japanese flag in its reports of Sohn's marathon victory at the 1936 Berlin Olympics and the ruling Japanese military junta responded by suspending both the newspaper and the race. The race returned as an annual fixture from 1938 to 1940 but was again discontinued, initially due to World War II and later because of the Korean War. The race returned on April 1954 and Im Jong-Woo became the first person to win twice, taking back-to-back victories in 1954 and 1955.
The competition's first official full-length marathon was contested in 1964 and the change brought about improvements in the national standards as Lee Myeong-Jeong set a South Korea record to win in 1965 and Kim Bong-Nae became the first Korean to run under two hours twenty minutes a year later. At the 1970 edition, Canadian Ron Wallingford and two Japanese runners provided the race with its first international competitors. The quality of the field saw domestic runner Kim Cha-Wan react with a national record run of 2:17:34.4 to win the race. Kim improved his mark again in 1973 and went on to become the Dong-A Marathon's most prolific winner, scoring four victories in the 1970s. Japanese marathoner Toyoichi Masuda became the first foreign winner in 1977 and he was soon joined by his countryman Makoto Matsuzaki, who won two years afterwards. A women's 10 km race was added to the programme in 1979 and Moon Ki-sook became the first women's Dong-A champion.
Im Eun-Joo won a women's 30 km race in 1981 and female runners were allowed to take on the full marathon distance the following year. She went on to claim three straight marathon titles from 1983 to 1985. The 1982 race hosted a dual domestic and international race, with results kept separate for the divisions. In anticipation of the 1988 Seoul Olympics, the city also hosted separate international races from 1983 up to 1987 (which was the IAAF World Marathon Cup race). The Dong-A competition in the 1980s saw the men's record reach 2:12 territory through Jang-hee Lee in 1987.
With the advent of another decade, Won-Tak Kim brought the men's record down to 2:11:38 in 1990, winning the Asian Marathon Championship which was hosted within the race that year. Hwang Young-cho, Seoul's winner in 1991, went on to take the gold medal at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics. Wan-Ki Kim reduced the national record further to 2:09:25 in 1993. The marathon was moved to Chuncheon for the 1992 event and had a seven-year stint in Gyeongju from 1993 to 1999. It returned to Seoul in 2000, but its impact in the latter city led to the creation of the Gyeongju International Marathon.
The event took on a more international nature from 1994 onwards, renaming itself the Dong-A International Marathon; following the invitation of runners from twelve countries, Manuel Matias of Portugal became the first winner from outside of Korea and Japan. The marathon reached a landmark of over 10,000 starters in 1999 as 11,303 runners signed up for the full distance in the elite and popular races.
China's Wei Yanan brought the women's record down to 2:25:06 in 2002, knocking over five minutes off the previous course best. Gert Thys had two consecutive victories in 2003 and 2004 (recording a record time of 2:07:06 in the latter), but a third win in 2006 was erased after he failed a drugs test for the banned steroid norandrosterone. The runner-up Jason Mbote was declared the winner, but after a protracted legal battle Thys had his ban overturned in 2012 due to a breach of the rules in the way his sample was handled. At the 2002 edition, Zhou Chunxiu of PR China became the seventh woman to ever finish under two hours and twenty minutes as she set the women's record at 2:19:51 hours. Kenyan runner Sylvester Teimet beat the men's record in 2010 with his win in 2:06:49 hours. Three Kenyans went under this time in 2012, with Wilson Loyanae's time of 2:05:37 hours knocking more than a minute off the record.
Course.
The competition begins at Gwanghwamun Plaza in the city centre and finishes within the Olympic Stadium. The course has a point-to-point format and traces a south-easterly path through the city centre. After departing from the main plaza, the route flows into Sejongno thoroughfare and passes the statue of Yi Sun-sin. The runners then pass the Namdaemun gateway and head through Cheonggyecheon park. The route traces a pass through Dongdaemun-gu district before crossing the Han River to head towards the stadium finishing point.
Past winners.
Pre-marathon.
Key:
<br>
Note: All other years approx 
Marathon.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="31235023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235023" title="Intimate Reflections">
Intimate Reflections

Intimate Reflections is a 1975 British independent drama film directed by Don Boyd and starring Anton Rodgers, Lillias Walker, Sally Anne Newton and Jonathan David. It was Boyd's first feature film and premiered at the 1975 London Film Festival. Boyd described it as a study both of sexual infidelity and the clash between youth and middle-age.
Plot.
Robert and Jane are a middle-aged couple grieving over a dead daughter. Michael and Zonny are a young couple with a bright future ahead of them. The film dwells on their parallel lives.
Reception.
The film attracted little attention outside the 1975 London Film Festival. 
Boyd had hoped to interest British Lion in the film as a 'British "Emanuelle"' but in the event they backed out, branding it as 'very specialised fare', although Michael Deeley did lend Boyd £500 to take it to the States and tart it around as his 'calling card'. However "Time Out (New York)" slated it thus 

</doc>
<doc id="31235042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235042" title="Quintin O'Connor">
Quintin O'Connor

Quintin O'Connor (31 October 1908–3 November 1958) was a union leader, activist, and politician in colonial Trinidad and Tobago from the 1930s to the late 1950s. He played an essential role in the institutionalization of unionism in Trinidad and was an early proponent of Trinidadian independence.
Personal life.
Quintin O’Connor was born on 31 October 1908 in Port of Spain to Virginia and Henry O’Connor. Virginia was a homemaker and Henry was the manager of a firm of cocoa merchants. They had five children besides Quintin: Lucy, Phillip, Juan, Patrick and Willie. Along with his brothers, Quintin was among a small number of young men in Trinidad whose families could afford to provide them with a secondary education. He attended school at Saint Mary’s College, though he left school without obtaining the Junior Cambridge Certificate.
O'Connor married Lucy Daphne Piper on 31 July 1943. During their fifteen-year marriage, they had four children.
Union career.
O'Connor, as a member of the Clerks' section of the Trinidad Labour Party (TLP), attempted on numerous occasions prior to the riots of 1937 to pass a motion permitting his union to register under the Trade Union Ordinance of 1933, but each and every motion was defeated. He was opposed within the party by TLP leader A. A. Cipriani, who, in addition to believing that the 1933 Ordinance did not provide sufficient protection to union organizers, preferred agitation for political reform within the colony's Legislative Council to union activities, such as strikes and street protests. Following the riots, however, O'Connor led a group of clerks who broke from the TLP to form the Union of Shop Assistants and Clerks (USAC), which was officially registered on 30 August 1938. In 1939, O'Connor and other leaders of the USAC, organized the mainly female workers at the Renown shirt factory and won for them a 12.5 percent wage increase, and an eight-hour workday among other concessions.
In 1940, O'Connor incorporated the USAC into the Federated Workers Trade Union (FWTU), which he took over with Albert Gomes. Though originally intent on exclusively organizing clerks, O'Connor and Gomes met with little success and decided to turn the FWTU into an omnibus union. They regularly received advice from the British Trade Union Congress (TUC). When the United States established a naval base in the Chaguaramas area, they secretly organized the base workers and eventually won recognition as the bargaining agents for the base employees. They also organized many government workers. In 1946, on behalf of government workers, they signed the FWTU's first collective bargaining agreement. This agreement was historic because, for the first time in Trinidad's history, wage increases were linked to increases in the cost of living index. In addition, the agreement was a sign from the government to other employers that collective bargaining was to become a normal part of labour relations in Trinidad.
In 1948, O’Connor became the secretary of the Trinidad and Tobago Trades Union Congress (TTTUC), which briefly united the labour movement in Trinidad and Tobago and was able to enter into block agreements with employers. However, the TTTUC split up shortly after over the issue of international affiliation with the World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU).
As a result of O’Connor’s support for the WFTU, as well as his activities in the Caribbean Labour Congress (CLC), an organization dedicated to the independence of British Caribbean colonies and the spread of socialism, O’Connor was put on a list of leftists banned from traveling throughout the English-speaking Caribbean.
Political career and activism.
During the 1930s and '40s, O'Connor associated with a small group of left-leaning Trinidadian writers and thinkers, including Alfred Mendes, Albert Gomes, CLR James, and Ralph de Boissière among others. In the 1940s, O'Connor joined New Dawn, a Marxist group dedicated to Trinidadian independence. He also "godfathered" the Why Not Discussion Group, which regularly denounced British colonial policy and became a "focal point for dissent."
In 1942, O’Connor joined the West Indian National Party, which became a part of the United Front during the 1946 General Elections. During these elections, O’Connor campaigned on behalf of Gomes, who won a seat on the Legislative Council with over 65% of the vote. In the late 1940s, O’Connor broke with Gomes, who as a member of the Trinidad’s Executive Council abandoned his pro-union sympathies and left-wing politics.
In the elections of 1950, O’Connor ran for a seat in the Legislative Council under the banner of the TTTUC, but lost with just over 30% of the vote. In April 1951, he was one of the founding members of the West Indian Independence Party (WIIP). Because of its left-wing views, the WIIP was investigated by a British Commission led by Fred Dalley of the British TUC. The Commission claimed that WIIP was "communist-inspired and directed" and put pressure on O’Connor and others to quit the party. O’Connor refused to quit until he was ready to move on to other political endeavours. As a member of the Caribbean National Labour Party (CNLP), he contested a seat in Port of Spain North East, but lost with just under 9% of the vote.
O’Connor was also active on behalf of a number of social and political causes throughout his life. In 1941, he submitted a memorandum to the Franchise Committee in favour of universal adult suffrage. In 1946, he spoke out against restrictions which banned panmen from playing their instruments in public places. He also spoke out against the racism experienced by Blacks who worked on the US Naval Base in Chaguaramas. During the war, O’Connor successfully opposed the introduction of a Sedition Bill, which would have curtailed civil liberties for the duration of the war.
In 1948, O'Connor sat on the Constitutional Reform Committee and signed the majority report, which reformed Trinidad and Tobago's political system without granting responsible government. However, at a CLC conference, he later withdrew his signature and supported a resolution in favour of Patrick Solomon's minority report that demanded immediate self-government.
Death.
O’Connor died from a stroke on 3 November 1958. The casket containing his body was followed by a large procession through the streets of Port of Spain en route to Lapeyrouse cemetery. Once at the cemetery, people stood graveside and gave panegyrics in his honour. Having observed the tributes paid to O’Connor at his funeral, then editor of "The Nation" and leading Caribbean intellectual C. L. R. James called for recognition of O’Connor as a great West Indian.
Honours and legacy.
In 1973, the Trinidadian government posthumously awarded O’Connor the Chaconia Medal “For Long and Meritorious Service to Trinidad and Tobago” for his role in the birth and growth of the trade union movement. 
In 1985, the government honoured his memory by issuing a stamp featuring his image as part of a series of stamps depicting great Trinidadian labour leaders. The Oilfields Workers' Trade Union’s library is named in honour of him.

</doc>
<doc id="31235045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235045" title="Stepney Volunteer Fire Department">
Stepney Volunteer Fire Department

The Stepney Volunteer Fire Department is one of three volunteer fire departments in the town of Monroe, Connecticut.
Organization.
The Stepney Volunteer Fire Department was first organized in 1916 by residents along Connecticut Route 25 in the village Stepney in the town of Monroe. Officially incorporated in 1917, the fire department consists of approximately 50 entirely volunteer members, and primarily serves the West-side of Monroe, along Main Street (Route 25). Since the fire department is all volunteer, it annually hosts a lobster clam bake around the Labor Day weekend, and a flower sale for Valentines Day in order to raise funds to support day-to-day operations. Operating out of two fire stations, one in lower Stepney, and one in upper Stepney, the Stepney Volunteer Fire Department provides emergency service to the Town of Monroe 24/7 and 365 days a year.
Stations.
Station 1.
Located at 88 Main Street, Station 1 serves as the headquarters for operations, and is on the location of the original fire house.
Station 2.
Located at 801 Main Street, Station 2 was built in 1983 and serves as a sub station.
Statistics.
On file with the Stepney Fire Department.

</doc>
<doc id="31235048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235048" title="Trolleybuses in Nottingham">
Trolleybuses in Nottingham

The Nottingham trolleybus system once served the city of Nottingham, in the county of Nottinghamshire, England. Opened on , it gradually replaced the Nottingham tramway network.
By the standards of the various now-defunct trolleybus systems in the United Kingdom, the Nottingham system was a medium-sized one, with a total of 8 routes, and a maximum fleet of 157 trolleybuses. It was closed on .
Nottingham was also served by another system, the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire trolleybus system, which was in operation between 1932 and 1953.
Six of the former Nottingham system trolleybuses are preserved. Four of them are at the Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft, Lincolnshire, England, and the other two are in a private collection in Boughton, Nottinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31235103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235103" title="Queensland Shearers Union">
Queensland Shearers Union

The Queensland Shearers Union was one the first Australian unions, founded in the latter half of the nineteenth century. The union was instrumental in the development of the 1891 Australian shearers' strike, seen today as a key development in the Australian labour movement. Together with other unions the Queensland Shearers Union was the genesis of the Australian Workers' Union.
Origin.
In 1886, the shearers began to organise themselves, following a strike that had started at Wellshot Station and spread to surrounding properties. The Queensland Shearers Union was formed at Blackall in 1887. By 1890, the union represented almost three thousand workers, and 3,721 were registered by the end of the year. Strike camps were formed when no landowner in the area was willing to accept the workers on their conditions. The following year saw the landowners or pastoralists join forces to fight the new unionism. By this time the Queensland Shearers Union had tens of thousands of members and at a conference they declared that union members were not to work alongside non-union workers. In response, pastoralists organised to form the United Pastoralists Association of Queensland in December 1890.
Conflict between the two groups, which also involved police, squatters and soldiers, arose at many towns across Queensland. Initially other unions did not support the Queensland shearers and the strike was not successful. The union had a victory in 1890 when, together with wharf labourers and members of the British Seamen's Union, they successfully blockaded the transport of wool bales in Brisbane. The union was displeased with the engagement of non-unionist labour at Jondaryan.
Strike.
At conferences in late 1890 in Sydney and Melbourne, the pastoralists agreed to lower wages, extend work hours and retain the right to withhold wages until the end of the season. These conditions were first enforced in Queensland by the United Pastoralists Association with unionists rejecting them. The first strike camp of 1891 Australian shearers' strike was set up at Clermont in Central Queensland on 6 January 1891. Shearers and workers at stations affiliated with the United Pastoralists Association also rejected the new conditions and formed more camps. Together with the Central Queensland Carriers Union and the Central Queensland Labourers' Union, the Queensland Shearers Union called for a strike. They organised meetings, processions and protests.
After a general call-out to members of other unions in March 1891, arrests were made and in the following months many strike leaders were convicted of conspiracy. Almost all of the executive members of the Queensland Shearers Union were imprisoned. A number of those who were jailed later went on to become Members of Parliament. The most notable of those was Anderson Dawson who became Premier of Queensland in 1899. His premiership was a first for the Australian Labor Party as well as the first parliamentary socialist government anywhere in the world.
Aftermath and legacy.
The Queensland Shearers Union joined with the Queensland Labourers' Union to form the Amalgamated Workers' Union in December 1891. The Amalgamated Workers' Union merged with the Australian Workers' Union and became the Queensland branch of the Australian Workers' Union fourteen years later.

</doc>
<doc id="31235219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235219" title="Ships with Wings">
Ships with Wings

Ships with Wings is a 1941 British war film directed by Sergei Nolbandov and starring John Clements, Leslie Banks and Jane Baxter. During the Second World War the British fleet air arm fight the Germans in Greece.
Release.
The film premiered in November 1941 and went on general release in January 1942. It was a commercial success and was the second most popular film in British cinemas that month behind "It Started with Eve". The sinking of the Ark Royal, on which a number of scenes were set and shot, in November 1941 added a sense of topicality to the film. 
Critical reception.
The film received an overwhelmingly positive reception from the popular press on its release. However, it came under attack from a number of intellectuals for what they considered its lack of realism while the Prime Minister Winston Churchill objected because of the large number of British casualties shown in the film which he considered bad for morale. The producer Michael Balcon was disturbed by these criticisms and commenced a shift in Ealing’s production away from such films towards what were considered more realistic portrayals in an attempt to counter this perceived lack of authenticity. However, except for "Dead of Night", Ealing's films for the remainder of the war failed to enjoy the same commercial success as the earlier "unrealistic" war films and were eclipsed at the box office by the Gainsborough Melodramas.

</doc>
<doc id="31235247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235247" title="Thelairodrino">
Thelairodrino

Thelairodrino is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="31235251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235251" title="Néstor Zanatta">
Néstor Zanatta

Néstor Zanatta (born November 25, 1973 in Resistencia, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs Argentina, Chile, Ecuador and Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="31235264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235264" title="Shaul Berezovsky">
Shaul Berezovsky

Shaul Berezovsky (sometimes spelt Berezowski) (1908-1975) was a Polish Jewish composer, pianist, music director. Born in Grodno, 1926-1929 studied at Warsaw conservatory and later lived in Białystok, where he directed the orchestra at the Apollo and had a jazz band in the military.
Between the wars he toured with Yiddish theater companies, directing the orchestras or as a piano accompanist. During the war he was music director for Shimon Dzigan and Israel Shumacher's revi-teater productions in Russia. After their arrest, he was arranger and accompanist for actress-singer Anna Guzik.
After the war he returned to Poland and settled in Łódź, directing the folk-choir, wrote music for Ida Kaminska's Yiddish Melokhishe (State) theater ("Hershele Ostropolyer, In a vinter-nakht" and others) and composed music for films: "Mir ibergeblibene (We survivors)" and "Undzere kinder (Our children)") He also directed the Russian "Kalinka" choir.
He settled in Israel in 1957 where he continued to work in Yiddish theater. he wrote music for theater and cinema (including the play and movie "Tsvey kuni Leml" with Mike Burstyn, 1963), and conducted various orchestras. He died on 2 April 1975 in Tel Aviv.
Some of his famous songs include:

</doc>
<doc id="31235268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235268" title="Operation Mobile">
Operation Mobile

Operation Mobile was the name given to Canadian Forces activities in the 2011 military intervention in Libya. The United States' counterpart to this was Operation Odyssey Dawn, the French counterpart was Opération Harmattan and the British counterpart was Operation Ellamy. The no-fly zone was proposed during the Libyan civil war to prevent government forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from carrying out air attacks on anti-Gaddafi forces and civilians. The demonstrations in Libya were part of the larger Arab Spring movement that began in the country of Tunisia on 18 December 2010. 
When demonstrations began in Libya, the government of Muammar Gaddafi responded with systematic attacks by air and ground forces, and repression of the protesters. In a speech, Gaddafi promised to chase down the protesters and cleanse the country "house by house". Several countries prepared to take immediate military action at a conference in Paris on 19 March.
The no-fly zone was enforced by NATO's Operation Unified Protector. NATO took sole command of all operations in Libya from 06:00 GMT on 31 March, which effectively ended the U.S. Operation Odyssey Dawn, as all U.S. operations were absorbed into NATO's Unified Protector. The Canadian contribution continued to fall under Operation Mobile, which ceased activities on 1 November 2011.
Canadian Forces.
Royal Canadian Navy.
On 1 March, Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced that would deploy from Halifax on 2 March to take part in Canadian and international operations already under way in Libya. The "Charlottetown" departed CFB Halifax, and joined the Standing NATO Maritime Group 1 on 14 March, and arrived on station on 17 March.
HMCS "Charlottetown" is a under the command of Commander Craig Skjerpen with a crew of about 240 officers and sailors, and a CH-124 Sea King helicopter and air detachment. With the other ships of Standing NATO Maritime Group 1, HMCS "Charlottetown" was engaged in regional maritime security operations in the central Mediterranean Sea. On 18 August, HMCS "Vancouver" (FFH 331) took the place of HMCS "Charlottetown" for the remainder of the NATO mission in Libya. HMCS "Charlottetown" returned to Canada on 2 September.
Royal Canadian Air Force.
Task Force Libeccio was the air detachment participating in the enforcement of the no-fly zone in Libya authorized by Resolution 1973, adopted by the U.N. Security Council on 17 March. The task force was named for the strong southwesterly wind that blows all year in the Mediterranean Sea. Task Force Libeccio comprised six CF-18 Hornet fighter aircraft, two Boeing CC-177 Globemasters, two CP-140 Auroras and about 200 Canadian Forces personnel, including aircrews and ground technicians from 425 Tactical Fighter Squadron at 3 Wing CFB Bagotville and 409 Tactical Fighter Squadron at 4 Wing CFB Cold Lake and other locations across Canada. The force also included two CC-150 Polaris air-to-air refuelling detachment from 437 Transport Squadron at 8 Wing Trenton, Ontario. Task Force Libeccio reached the region on 18 March.
CF-18 Hornets and CC-150 Polaris assets were based at Trapani-Birgi airbase in Sicily, Italy.
CP-140 Aurora aircraft were based at Naval Air Station Sigonella in Sicily, Italy.
Trapani Detachment:
Sigonella Detachment:
as of 05:30 GMT, 25 October 2011
Sorties to date
Deployed forces.
An additional six CF-18s were placed on standby in Canada, ready to deploy immediately if called upon.
Summary of action.
Four CF-18 fighters and two CC-150 Polaris refuellers operating from Trapani-Birgi Airport flew their first mission in Libya on 21 March, acting as armed escorts to coalition jets conducting bombings. Canada expected to take part in bombings as soon as the following night. HMCS "Charlottetown" also began patrolling the waters north of Libya in order to help to enforce an embargo on Gaddafi.
Defence Minister Peter MacKay stated that another six CF-18 fighter jets are on standby to deploy if needed.
Two CF-18s again flew missions on Tuesday, 22 March. However they had to abandon their planned attack on a Gaddafi Libyan airfield as the high possibility of collateral damage was against the strict rules of engagement. For a second day a CC-150 tanker refuelled Canadian aircraft as well as other coalition aircraft.
The third day marked the first time Canadian jets bombed Libya since the campaign began. This occurred as four CF-18s flew two missions against an ammunition depot in Misrata, dropping four 227 kg (500-pound) laser-guided bombs, and supported by two CC-150 Polaris tankers.
In other developments, Commodore John Newton, of the Royal Canadian Navy stated that the crew of HMCS "Charlottetown" are prepared to conduct boarding operations and has been training for search and rescue of downed pilots.
Two CF-18 flew two air interdiction patrols over Libyan airspace. A CC-150 Polaris took part of the operations providing fuel for Canadian and other coalition aircraft. Defence Minister Peter MacKay announces Canada will send two CP-140 Auroras to provide maritime surveillance in support of the United Nations arms embargo against Libya. The Canadian Forces has deployed 80 personnel from 14 Wing Greenwood and 19 Wing Comox.
Two CF-18 conducted one sortie and released several precision-guided munitions against electronic warfare sites near Misrata. Two CC-150 also took part of operation and refuelled both Canadian and coalition aircraft. HMCS "Charlottetown" has patrolled the north of Libya and has investigated a vessel in distress.
A second ammunition depot, this time located 92 kilometres south of Misrata, was destroyed in an operation by four CF-18s utilizing 227 kg (500-pound) laser-guided bombs; in addition CF-18s coordinated other attacks involving up to 20 other coalition aircraft. Enforcing the arms embargo a CP-140A Aurora flew the first Canadian Maritime Patrol mission.
Two CF-18s help the rebels by attacking targets in Misrata. Canadian CP-140 Aurora surveillance aircraft recently started a psychological warfare operation over Libya using airborne leaflet propaganda and radio transmissions. The recently started broadcast of propaganda messages over Libyan territory has led to the Gaddafi regime trying to jam the transmissions via electronic warfare.
From 06:00 GMT, NATO took sole command of air operations over Libya under Operation Unified Protector, taking over from U.S. Africa Command.
Pilots have flown more than 100 missions over Libya since the beginning of the Operation Mobile. During the past week they were deployed 38 times. They attacked armoured vehicles, ammunition depots, and mobile rocket launchers.
"HMCS Charlottetown (FFH 339)" was involved in a naval battle near the port city of Misrata. The "Charlettetown" was conducting patrols at around 2 a.m. local time with other Allied warships when a number of fast, small boats launched an attack. No warships sustained any damage.
This was the first time since the Korean War that a Canadian warship was involved in a naval battle.
Canadian pilots have participated in NATO air strikes that destroyed eight Libyan warships. HMCS "Charlottetown" has also participated in the operation.
Canadian pilots have dropped 240 laser-guided bombs on Libyan targets since 31 March.
On Monday morning, HMCS "Charlottetown" was under heavy fire. The Libyan army had deployed a dozen BM21 launch vehicles at the port city of Mistrata and opened fire against the Canadian warship. "Charlottetown" did not return fire and did not sustain damage.
During the preceding week throughout four days CF-18 destroyed armoured vehicles, field headquarters, ammunition depots and command-and-control structures with laser-guided bombs. During the same week, CF-18s had to be recalled to one target because the laser-targeting system on an allied jet failed.
HMCS "Vancouver" (FFH 331) under the command of Commander Bradly Peats, with 225 crew members and a detachment from 443 Maritime Helicopter Squadron, departed CFB Esquimalt en route to the Mediterranean Sea to relieve HMCS " Charlottetown" (FFH 339), which has been on station off the Libyan coast since March.
Canadian CP-140 Aurora surveillance aircraft started a psychological warfare operation over Libya. The surveillance aircraft started broadcasting propaganda messages over Libyan territory while the Gaddafi regime has tried to jam the transmissions using electronic warfare.
A change of command ceremony was held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, where HMCS "Vancouver" (FFH 331) officially relieved HMCS " Charlottetown" (FFH 339). The ceremony officially marked that Task Force "Charlottetown" became Task Force "Vancouver", and the Task Force command was transferred from Commander Craig Skjerpen to Commander Bradley Peats.
Operation Mobile officially ceases operations and begins mission closure activities.

</doc>
<doc id="31235280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235280" title="Dana Oldfather">
Dana Oldfather

Dana Oldfather (born November 30, 1978) is an American oil painter and dinnerware designer often linked to Cleveland’s artistic resurgence.
Life and career.
Dana was born in Cleveland, OH. She is a self-taught artist but has listed Willem de Kooning and Yoshitomo Nara as influences. 
Dana’s work has been shown in galleries and museums across the United States, including POV Evolving Gallery in Los Angeles, CA, and The Bonfoey Gallery in Cleveland, OH.
In 2010 Dana partnered with housewares company Ink Dish. Dana created a line of dinnerware based on her Kites painting, which was subsequently featured in the New York Times under the heading Design Firm Turns Dinnerware Into Works of Art.
In April 2011 she was awarded a residency at the Vermont Studio Center. Oldfather is currently represented by the eo art lab in Chester, Connecticut.
Dana Oldfather’s work is in corporate collections such as Jones Day, Vdara Hotel in Las Vegas, The Cleveland Clinic, and the Progressive Art Collection. She still lives and works in Cleveland, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="31235298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235298" title="Brown Gelly">
Brown Gelly

Brown Gelly is a tor, hill and ridge near Dozmary Pool on Bodmin Moor near Liskeard in Cornwall, UK. 
At its foot lies Browngelly Downs, and the area has preserved various remains of hut circles, barrows and cairns. Five cairns are located in a semi-circular arc along the ridge of Brown Gelly. They are prominent from a distance and Christopher Tilley suggests they were intended to be seen as a group from the west and the east in order to "analogically "resemble" or "simulate" tors". The tor is made of a granitic rock that has less autogenic alteration than other areas of Bodmin Moor due to some type of local anomaly. Archaeological aerial reconnaissance was carried out over the area in the 1980s which suggested the remains of a prehistoric settlement comprising several dispersed hut circles. These structures have also been called a "barrow group" by John Barnatt Evidence of flint production and tin streaming has also been found in the area that supports the suggestion of an ancient settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="31235346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235346" title="William A. Reppy">
William A. Reppy

William Arneill Reppy, Sr. (May 15, 1912 – January 1, 2005) was an Associate Justice of the California Second District Court of Appeal, Division Five, having been appointed to the post by Republican Governor Ronald Reagan in 1968.
Life and career.
Born in Ventura, California, Reppy was one of the first graduates of Beverly Hills High School and went on to earn his Bachelor of Arts degree in history in 1934 from Stanford University, where he was a member of the track and field team and Chi Psi fraternity. He earned his LL.B. in 1937 from USC Law School, where he served as editor of the USC Law Review and was also inducted into the Order of the Coif honor society.
After graduating from USC, Reppy worked as an attorney in private practice in Oxnard, California. Upon returning to California after serving in the United States Army during World War II, Reppy served as Assistant City Attorney and then City Attorney of Oxnard from 1946 to 1953.
In 1955, Republican Governor Goodwin Knight appointed Reppy to serve as a Judge of the , where he was the first judge of the Court's Oxnard branch. Reppy left the Superior Court on December 4, 1968 when Governor Ronald Reagan appointed him to serve as an Associate Justice of the California Second District Court of Appeal, Division Five.
Retiring from the Court of Appeal in 1972, Reppy served on the board of visitors for Stanford Law School and as President of the Friends of the Montecito Library.
A resident of the Santa Barbara suburb of Montecito, Reppy died on New Year's Day 2005 of congestive heart failure at the age of 92. He was married for 65 years to fellow Stanford graduate Margot Brownrigg, with whom he had two sons: William, Jr. and Michael, who are also both Stanford alumni.

</doc>
<doc id="31235379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235379" title="List of Bb. Pilipinas-International Titleholders">
List of Bb. Pilipinas-International Titleholders

Prior to the BPCI's acquisition of the local franchise for the Miss International pageant in 1968, the Philippines already won a Miss International crown when Gemma Cruz-Araneta won the title in 1964. Since 1969, the title Bb. Pilipinas-International was proclaimed together with the Miss Universe Philippines, Binibining Pilipinas Supranational and Binibining Pilipinas Tourism in one coronation night. Under BPCI, the Philippines won four additional Miss International crowns (see table below). The current title holder of Bb. Pilipinas-International is Bea Rose Santiago. 
The following is a list of Bb. Pilipinas-International Titleholders:
In 1999, Janelle Delfin Bautista was crowned Binibining Pilipinas-Universe, but was dethroned because of citizenship issues. Miriam Redito Quiambao, the Binibining Pilipinas-World was asked to assume the title. Lalaine Bognot Edson who was originally crowned Binibining Pilipinas-International was appointed as Binibining Pilipinas-World when original titleholder Miriam Redito Quiambao was officially given the Binibining Pilipinas-Universe crown. Georgina Anne dela Paz Sandico who finished as a semi-finalist in the 1999 pageant was then appointed as Binibining Pilipinas-International upon the designation of original titleholder Lalaine Bognot Edson as Binibining Pilipinas-World
In 1984 Catherine Jane Doucette Destura Brummitt was crowned as Binibining Pilipinas-International. However, due to some entry restrictions, she was replaced by Maria Villa Bella dela Peña Nachor Despite not being able to compete in Miss International, she still retained her title.

</doc>
<doc id="31235381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235381" title="Meryl Streep in the 2000s">
Meryl Streep in the 2000s

2001–2005.
In 2001, Meryl Streep voiced the Blue Fairy in Steven Spielberg's "A.I. Artificial Intelligence" based on Brian Aldiss' short story "Super-Toys Last All Summer Long", first published in 1969. A CGI-driven science fiction film, initially conceived by Stanley Kubrick in the early 1970s, it revolves about a childlike android, played by Haley Joel Osment, uniquely programmed with the ability to love. A critical and commercial success, the film collected US$235.9 million at international box offices. The same year, Streep co-hosted the annual Nobel Peace Prize concert with Liam Neeson which was held in Oslo, Norway on December 11, 2001 in honor of the Nobel Peace Prize laureate, the United Nations and Kofi Annan. and, after a stage absence of more than twenty years, she persuaded Mike Nichols to stage Anton Chekhov's popular play "The Seagull" at the open air Delacorte Theater in New York, playing actress Irina Nikolayevna Arkadina. Co-starring Kevin Kline, Marcia Gay Harden, Natalie Portman and her eldest son Henry, the play received favorable reviews, with "The New York Times" remarking, "two decades in front of movie cameras haven't diminished her capacity for looming large from a stage. Streep has drawn a portrait of comic ruthlessness and gentle understanding."
In Spike Jonze's 2002 comedy-drama "Adaption", Streep portrayed Susan Orlean, a real-life journalist whose book is to be adapted by screenwriter Charlie Kaufman, played by Nicolas Cage. Streep, who declared the screenplay one of "the most interesting and ambiguous scripts [...] in a long time," expressed dire interest in the role before being cast, and took a salary cut in recognition of the film's budget of US$19 million. Lauded by critics and viewers alike, the film was nominated for four Academy Awards, including a Best Supporting Actress nomination for Streep, who David Ansen of "Newsweek" felt had not "been this much fun to watch in years." While "Adaption" ended Streep's winning drought at the Golden Globes when she — after thirteen nominations — was awarded her first trophy since 1982's "Sophie's Choice" in 2003, she received a second nomination by the Hollywood Foreign Press for her participation in another project that year: Stephen Daldry's "The Hours" (2002).
In "The Hours", featuring Nicole Kidman and Julianne Moore, Streep played the role of Clarissa, a literary editor who is followed for one climactic day, during which she plans a party for her long-time friend and one-time lover, played by Ed Harris, who is wasting away from AIDS. Based on the 1999 novel of the same title by Michael Cunningham, the episodic film focuses on three women of different generations whose lives are interconnected by the 1925 novel "Mrs. Dalloway" by Virginia Woolf. Generally well-received, "The Hours" was praised for the performances of all three leading actresses, who shared a Silver Bear for Best Actress the following year. Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" commented, "These three unimprovable actresses make "The Hours" a thing of beauty [...] Streep is a miracle worker, building a character in the space between words and worlds." The film grossed US$108.8 million worldwide on a budget of US$25 million, the majority of which came from foreign markets.
In 2003, Streep appeared uncredited as herself in the Farrelly brothers film "Stuck on You", a comedy about conjoined twins, played by Matt Damon and Greg Kinnear, who wish to move to Hollywood to pursue a career as an actor. Streep, who filmed her part within three days, was required to perform a musical version of "Bonnie & Clyde" in the film. The same year, she reunited with Mike Nichols to star alongside Al Pacino, Emma Thompson and Mary-Louise Parker in the HBO adaptation of Tony Kushner's six-hour play "Angels in America", the story of two couples whose relationships dissolve amidst the backdrop of Reagan Era politics, the spreading AIDS epidemic and a rapidly changing social and political climate. As done in the play, some of the actors played multiple parts in the mini-series, with Streep portraying three different characters: an Orthodox rabbi, a Mormon woman and American communist Ethel Rosenberg. The mini-series became the most watched made-for-cable movie in 2003, and garnered 21 Emmy Award and five Golden Globe nominations, winning Streep one award each. 
Also in 2004, Streep appeared alongside Jim Carrey and Timothy Spall in Brad Silberling's adaption "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events". Based on the first three novels in Snicket's popular children's book series, the black comedy tells the story of Count Olaf (Carrey), a mysterious theater troupe actor, who attempts to deceive three orphans over their deceased parents' fortune. Streep was cast in the role of the children's overanxious Aunt Josephine, a character she has described as "a great tremulous bird of a person." The film received generally favorable reviews from critics, who called it "exceptionally clever, hilariously gloomy and bitingly subversive," and was nominated for four Academy Awards, winning in the Best Makeup category. Though the film became a financial success, grossing US$209 million on a budget of US$140 million, plans to expand the film into a franchise failed to materialize. 
Streep's was next cast in the 2005 romantic comedy "Prime", directed by Ben Younger. In the film, she plays a Jewish New York psychoanalyst, whose 23-year-old son (played by Bryan Greenberg) enters a relationship with one of her patients, a divorced 37-year-old business-woman, played by Uma Thurman, resulting into a dilemma of two conflicting intentions. Streep welcomed the opportunity to reprise her comedic talent, though she and Younger agreed on her not consciously playing the part for laughs. "Prime" received generally mixed reviews, with many critics declaring it another formulaic Hollywood rom-com. Desson Thomson of the "Washington Post" commented that the film followed a familiar boy-meets-girl scenario, but found that Younger had turned "the routine into combustible fun" and that "Streep, meant to be the third party here, rapidly becomes the drama's most entertaining nucleus." A modest mainstream success, the film eventually grossed US$67.9 million internationally.
2006–2007.
Streep began 2006 with "A Prairie Home Companion", director Robert Altman's final film. An ensemble piece featuring Tommy Lee Jones, Kevin Kline, Woody Harrelson, and Lindsay Lohan, the film revolves around the behind-the-scenes activities at a long-running public radio show which is nearing its cancellation, depicting the show's final broadcast. Streep, initially unsure about the gestalt of the movie due to its genre-crossing nature, noted it "an odd little creature." In the film, she, along with Lily Tomlin, portrayed one half of a sister duo which was once part of a popular family country music act. Required to perform her own vocals in the film, Altman decided to cast Streep without any vocal audition. After releasing in several film festivals, the film grossed over US$26 million, the majority of which came from domestic markets. General reaction to the film was favorable by critics, who called it "a worthy swan song from one of the cinema's best," resulting into an average 81% fresh rating at Rotten Tomatoes. 
Also in 2006, Streep returned to the New York Delacorte Theater when she starred onstage at The Public Theater's production of "Mother Courage and Her Children". The play was a new translation by playwright Tony Kushner, with songs written by composer Jeanine Tesori and direction by George C. Wolfe. Streep starred alongside Kevin Kline and Austin Pendleton.
The following year, Streep was cast in four different films. She portrayed a wealthy university patron in opera director Chen Shi-zheng's feature drama "Dark Matter" (2007), a film about of a Chinese science graduate student, played by Liu Ye, who becomes violent after dealing with academic politics at a U.S. university. The project took its inspiration from a 1991 tragedy in which a Chinese physics student opened fire in two buildings on the University of Iowa campus, killing six people. Premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and initially scheduled for a 2007 release, producers and investors decided to shelve "Dark Matter" out of respect for the Virginia Tech massacre in April 2007. Finally released in 2008, the drama received negative to mixed reviews, scoring an average 33% at Rotten Tomatoes. Reyhan Harmanci of the "San Francisco Chronicle" remarked that "If only it weren't based on a true story. It might have been a good movie [...] but it's a tricky business, and "Dark Matter" does no one right by sticking to the shocking conclusion." 
Streep played a U.S. government official, who investigates an Egyptian foreign national in Washington, D.C. suspected of terrorism in the Middle East, in the political thriller "Rendition" (2007). Directed by Gavin Hood and co-starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Reese Witherspoon, and Alan Arkin, the film centers on the controversial CIA practice of extraordinary rendition, and is based on the true story of Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen who in 2003 was kidnapped, interrogated and tortured by the CIA for several months as a part of the War on Terror, apparently due to a misunderstanding that arose concerning the similarity of the spelling of El-Masri's name with the spelling of suspected Al-Qaeda terrorist al-Masri. Keen to get involved into a thriller film, Streep welcomed the opportunity to star in a film genre she usually was not offered scripts for and immediately signed on to the project. Upon its release, "Rendition" became a failure, grossing just US$27 million, and received mixed reviews. Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" applauded the cast, but noted that the film was a "bust as a persuasive drama." 
Also in 2007, Streep had a short role alongside Vanessa Redgrave, Claire Danes, Toni Colette and Glenn Close in Lajos Koltai's drama film "Evening", based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Susan Minot. Switching between the present and the past, it tells the story of Ann Lord, a woman on the precipice of her death (Redgrave), who, bedridden in body but not in spirit, remembers her tumultuous life the mid-1950s. Streep joined not until late into the production of the film, playing Lord's friend Lila, a role she shared with her eldest daughter Mamie Gummer, who portrayed the same character at a younger age. The film was released to lukewarm reactions by critics, who called it "beautifully filmed, but decidedly dull a colossal waste of a talented cast," and earned just US$12.8 million during its limited release. 
Streep's last film of 2007 was "Lions for Lambs", a war film drama also starring Tom Cruise and Robert Redford that takes aim at the U.S. government's prosecution of the wars in the Middle East, showing three different simultaneous stories: a senator who launches a new military strategy and details it to a journalist – played by Streep – on the edge of a mental breakdown, two soldiers involved in said operation, and their college professor trying to re-engage a promising student by telling him their story.
Produced with barely a year between announcement and release director Redford considered the movie "the tightest schedule I’ve ever worked with." Upon its release, "Lions for Lambs" received generally negative reviews from critics, with Wesley Morris from "The Boston Globe" writing: "It does not feel good to report that a movie with Robert Redford, Meryl Streep, and Tom Cruise makes the eyelids droop. But that's what "Lions for Lambs" does."
2008–2009.
Streep's other film of 2008 was "Doubt" featuring Philip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, and Viola Davis. An adaptation of John Patrick Shanley's Pulitzer Prize-winning fictional stage play "", also written and directed by Shanley, the drama revolves around the stern principal nun (Streep) of a Bronx Catholic school in 1964 who brings charges of pedophilia against a popular priest (Hoffman). Hand-picked by Shanley, who decided on replacing the stage actors for the film, Streep used a cultured Bronx accent for her portrayal of Sister Aloysius Beauvier, a character she compared with her powerful but dragon-like roles in "The Manchurian Candidate" (2004) and "The Devil Wears Prada" (2006). Though "Doubt" became a moderate box office success, earning over US$50 million in ticket sales, the film was hailed by many critics as one of the best of 2008. Critic Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" concluded that "the air is thick with paranoia in "Doubt", but nowhere as thick, juicy, sustained or sustaining as Meryl Streep's performance [...] She blows in like a storm, shaking up the story's reverential solemnity with gusts of energy and comedy." The film received five Academy Awards nominations, for its four lead actors and for Shanley's script. Streep also garnered her first Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor from the Screen Actors Guild.
In 2009, Streep played chef Julia Child in Nora Ephron's comedy film "Julie & Julia", co-starring Amy Adams and Stanley Tucci. One on the first major motion pictures based on a blog, it contrasts the life of Child in the early years of her culinary career with the life of New Yorker Julie Powell (Adams), who aspires to cook all 524 recipes in Child's cookbook "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" in 365 days, a challenge she described on her popular "The Julie/Julia Project" blog. Ephron's only choice, Streep considered her portrayal both an "idealized version of Julia" and personal homage to her mother, who "had a similar joie de vivre, an undeniable sense of how to enjoy her life." Streep received universal acclaim for her performance which won her a seventh Golden Globe, a Satellite Award and a 16th Oscar nomination. In his review of the film critic A.O. Scott of "The New York Times" affirmed that "by now has exhausted every superlative that exists and to suggest that she has outdone herself is only to say that she’s done it again."
As in 2002 and the year before, Streep received a second Golden Globe nomination for her cast in another project that year: Nancy Meyers' romantic comedy "It's Complicated" (2009). Starring alongside Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin, the actress played a successful bakery owner who starts a secret affair with her ex-husband ten years after their divorce. Written by Meyers with Streep in mind, the film was released to generally mixed reviews by critics, who applauded the cast, but declared it a "predictable romantic comedy fare, going for broad laughs instead of subtlety and nuance." A commercial success worldwide however, "It's Complicated" collected US$220.0 million at international box offices. For their performances, the cast was awarded a National Board of Review of Motion Pictures Award for Best Ensemble Cast the same year.
Also in 2009, Streep replaced Cate Blanchett as the voice of the vixen Felicity Fox, the female main character in Wes Anderson's stop-motion animated film "Fantastic Mr. Fox" (2009). Based on the Roald Dahl children's novel of the same name, the film tells the story about a fox named Mr. Fox, voiced by George Clooney, who is able to outwit a group of farmers and lives underground after stealing food from them each night. "Fantastic Mr. Fox" received positive reviews from a vast majority of critics, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="31235427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235427" title="Peggy Adler">
Peggy Adler

Peggy Adler (born 1942) is an American author and illustrator of children's books and investigative researcher. She is the daughter of Irving Adler and Ruth Adler and younger sister of Stephen L. Adler.
Early career.
Adler began her professional career as an illustrator in 1958, at the age of sixteen, when she was co-illustrator of her father's book "Weather In Your Life". That same year, she was the sole illustrator of "Hot and Cold". She later illustrated the children's book "Numbers Old and New", as well as authoring and illustrating "The Adler Book of Puzzles and Riddles;" and "The Second Adler Book of Puzzles and Riddles".
Authorship.
In September 1969 Adler coordinated the world premiere of "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" for 20th Century Fox and handled the ticket sales and management of the premiere for Yale University. She continued illustrating, with work published by the John Day Company. Little, Brown & Company, the Journal of Theoretical Biology, the Journal of Algebra, the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics, World Scientific Publishing the Bronx Zoo, and the Humane Society of the United States. In the mid-1970s Adler returned to writing, as well as illustrating, when Franklin Watts published her book, "Metric Puzzles", followed shortly thereafter by "Math Puzzles" and "Geography Puzzles". In 1976 Adler remarried and for a brief time, in the early 1990s, worked under the name of Peggy Adler Robohm.
Investigations.
In 1991, she was retained by self-proclaimed ex-CIA agent, arms dealer and money launderer, Richard Brenneke, to co-author his autobiography. Discovering evidence in his files contradicting some of his claims regarding his presence at October Surprise conspiracy meetings, she contacted former CIA agent-turned-journalist, Frank Snepp. Snepp included this evidence in a February 1992 article he wrote for the "Village Voice". Adler's work was the subject of a chapter in Robert Parry's book, ""Trick or Treason: The October Surprise Mystery"" and she was interviewed by PBS' "Frontline" in this regard for an episode which aired in April 1992. In mid-1992, learning that the House October Surprise Task Force was investigating whether or not there actually had been an October Surprise, she contacted investigative journalist and author Steven Emerson, who put her in touch with the Task Force so that she could turn over to them the seventy cartons of documents she'd hauled east from Brenneke's home in Portland, Oregon, in order to write his memoirs. Subsequently, she worked as a consultant to the Task Force, and assisted in drafting and editing a portion of the Brenneke section of their final report. 
In the mid-1990s, Adler divorced Robohm and resumed the use of her maiden name.
In 2000 and 2001, she was the researcher for journalist and author Ron Rosenbaum's "long but not probing" articles about Yale's fabled Skull and Bones, which were published in "The New York Observer".
Community involvement.
Adler is active in local affairs in Clinton, Connecticut, the town in which she lives. In 2005 she filed a complaint with Clinton's Board of Ethics, stating that a first term selectman had violated his fiduciary duties as an elected official by voting in favor of the town's purchase of properties in his neighborhood for open space, when he had previously been a "member of a neighborhood group that vigorously opposed" a nearby development proposal. The Board of Ethics dismissed the complaint, despite the fact that Adler was "never interviewed" and no witnesses were called. Adler later "said the Board of Ethics based its finding on a 'misinterpretation' of both the state law and the town's charter and subsequently, Town Counsel said that they had the final say over such matters and their decision would stand. Adler later sought, unsuccessfully, to have the Board's decision reviewed by Richard Blumenthal, who was Connecticut's Attorney General at the time. The Board of Selectmen responded to these outcomes by creating "a committee to review the town's code of ethics." As a result, a new ethics ordinance was enacted by the Town of Clinton in November 2006, which became effective in January 2007. This new ordinance was successfully implemented for the first time in early 2012. Adler served as a Police Commissioner in Clinton for eight years, having first been elected to that position in 2005. There, she has also served on the Design Review Board, Historic District Commission, and Charter Revision Commission.
Intelligence work.
In July 2000, the New England Chapter of the Association of Former Intelligence Officers held a meeting in Northampton, Massachusetts. Adler served as the program coordinator and kept careful track of the "comings and goings at the banquet room to prevent any 'crashers' to the luncheon". Describing the purpose of the association, Adler was quoted as saying "A big part of what we try to do is to dispel the misconception that intelligence work is just like what they show in James Bond movies." The meeting was attended by approximately 20 of the protestors, about whom Adler said "It's their constitutional right", so long as they pay to attend and dine at the luncheon for the same fee as the membership. In 2001, Adler was awarded the General Richard G. Stilwell Chairman’s Award by the Association of Former Intelligence Officers.

</doc>
<doc id="31235478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235478" title="Meiyintang collection">
Meiyintang collection

The Meiyintang collection is a large, privately owned collection of Chinese porcelain consisting of about 2,000 pieces. The Meiyintang was widely hailed as one of the last great collections of Chinese porcelain by European owners. The collection is currently controlled by Stephen Zuellig, a Swiss businessman and the heirs of his late brother, Gilbert Zuellig. Meiyintang is the adopted Chinese name of the collection and means “Hall among Rosebeds” in Mandarin.
History.
The Meiyintang Collection was assembled over more than half a century by the Manila-born brothers Gilbert Zuellig (1918–2009) and Stephen Zuellig (b. 1917). Through their life and business activities in the Far East they developed a keen and manifold interest in Asian art and culture. In the late 1950s, they began to build up a systematic collection of Chinese art. Gilbert Zuellig specialized in early pottery, stoneware and ceramics, spanning five millennia from the Neolithic period to the Han, Tang and Song Dynasties, while his brother Stephen collected the later porcelains of the Yuan, Ming and Qing Dynasties as well as archaic bronzes. Early on in their career as expert collectors, the Zuellig brothers were encouraged and guided by the connoisseur and dealer Edward T. Chow.
As of 1994, the term Meiyintang gained international recognition among specialists of Chinese ceramics, following the publication of the catalogues written by the researcher Regina Krahl, in which the pieces of the collection are described in a scholarly presentation with comprehensive illustrations. Exhibitions dedicated to objects from the Meiyintang Collection were held at the British Museum in London (1994), the Sporting d’Hiver in Monte Carlo (1996), the Asia Society (1995) and the China Institute (2001) in New York, the Musée Cernuschi in Paris (1999), the Musée du Président Jacques Chirac in Sarran, Corrèze (2009) and the Musée Guimet in Paris (2013).
In 2011 and 2012, an important portion of the Yuan, Ming and Qing pieces of the Meiyintang Collection was dispersed in a series of auctions by Sotheby’s in Hong Kong.
Loan to Rietberg Museum.
Gilbert Zuellig’s part of the collection, comprising over 1,600 pieces, the ownership of which was transferred to the "Meiyintang Stiftung" (Meiyintang Foundation) in 2003, remains intact and is being made accessible to the public. Thanks to the support of the collector’s heirs and the dispositions of the foundation, this representative assemblage of early Chinese pottery and classic ceramics was handed over to the Rietberg Museum in Zurich under a long-term loan agreement, to be exhibited in the re-designed halls of the museum’s Chinese department as of January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31235494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235494" title="Ryukoku University Faculty of Junior College">
Ryukoku University Faculty of Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="31235498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235498" title="Yuezhou">
Yuezhou

Yuezhou or Yue Prefecture may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31235524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235524" title="Bendering, Western Australia">
Bendering, Western Australia

Bendering is a town located between Kondinin
and Narembeen in the eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. 
The town was gazetted in 1921. The name of the town is taken from a nearby spring and is Aboriginal in origin, its meaning is unknown.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.

</doc>
<doc id="31235568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235568" title="PMBR">
PMBR

PMBR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31235601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235601" title="Swarndih sondiha">
Swarndih sondiha

Swarndih (Hindi: स्वर्णड़ीह pronounced IPA: [swarnaadeehː]), formerly called Sondiha, also known as Swarndih, is one of the well cooperated village, and a neat and clean village. Swarndih is known to have existed as a village since 1932. In 1950, Swarndih became an important political center.
Today, Swarndih is known for its educational facilities and relative prosperity. Swarndih is rich in culture and crops, It is a growing village, with many information technology. The Village is known for various cultural activities like Saraswati Puja and the plays performed in Sarawati Puja, spirituality, Traditional Song of Holi, sports, and literature. These activities and job opportunities attract migrants and Peoples around, which makes the village charming.

</doc>
<doc id="31235612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235612" title="Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception (Springfield, Illinois)">
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception (Springfield, Illinois)

The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is the seat of the Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Illinois. The cathedral, for which the cornerstone was laid on August 14, 1927, was dedicated on October 14, 1928. The cathedral complex is built in a modified Greek Revival architectural style. 
Description.
The cathedral was built and consecrated under the leadership of James Aloysius Griffin, fourth bishop of the diocese - but the first bishop to be based in the state capital city, Springfield (the diocese had previously been seated in Quincy, Illinois and then in Alton, Illinois). 
The cathedral complex is faced with "Mankato stone", also called "Mankato Kasota stone," a golden limestone quarried in Mankato, Minnesota. Like many cathedral complexes, it also contains working space for the bishop and staff. An elementary school building forms the southern component of the complex. The cathedral itself is consecrated to the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary, and is under the patronage of the Blessed Mother.
The cathedral is the second building in Springfield to be consecrated to the Immaculate Conception, the first being a Catholic church in use from 1858 until 1928. When the seat of the diocese was moved to Springfield in 1923, the diocese needed a larger building to serve as cathedral space. After completion of the cathedral, the nearby Lincoln-era church was de-consecrated and removed. 
The cathedral complex's official address is 524 East Lawrence Avenue in Springfield, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="31235615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235615" title="Charles Edward Stuart, Count Roehenstart">
Charles Edward Stuart, Count Roehenstart

Charles Edward Augustus Maximilian Stuart, Baron Korff, Count Roehenstart ("ca." May 1784 – 28 October 1854) was the natural son of Prince Ferdinand of Rohan (1738-1813), Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cambrai, by Charlotte Stuart, Duchess of Albany, herself the natural but legitimated daughter of Charles Edward Stuart, "The Young Pretender" or "Bonnie Prince Charlie". Roehenstart was later a passive Jacobite claimant to the British throne.
The name of "Roehenstart" given to him in infancy combined the names of both of his parents, Rohan and Stuart, while failing to proclaim their identity, which at the time would have been a cause for scandal.
Although he retired from military service as a lieutenant colonel, he is sometimes called "General" Charles Edward Stuart, and this title appears on his gravestone at Dunkeld.
Life.
Roehenstart was baptized into the Roman Catholic faith on 13 May 1784 at the parish church of Saint-Merry in the rue de Saint Martin, Paris, when he was described as a son of Maximilian Roehenstart and of Clementine Ruthven. He was named Charles Edward after his royal grandfather. The letters of Roehenstart's mother to her own mother, Clementina Walkinshaw, provide evidence that this was one of her children, two daughters and one son, all fathered by Ferdinand de Rohan. The daughters were Marie Victoire Adélaïde ("Aglae"), who was baptized at the Château de Couzières on 19 June 1779, and Charlotte Maximilienne Amélie, born during the summer of 1780. The pregnancy with Roehenstart delayed Charlotte's plans to join her father in Florence, he having been kept in ignorance of all three children.
On 23 March 1783, the ailing Prince Charles Edward had legitimated Charlotte, created her Duchess of Albany in the Jacobite Peerage, and made her heiress to some of his private property, but not his claim to the throne. She travelled to join him soon after the birth of Roehenstart, leaving her children behind in the care of her own mother, herself taking on the responsibility for nursing her father until his death on 31 January 1788. Less than two years later, on 17 November 1789, Charlotte herself died of cancer in Bologna. In her Will, Charlotte did not mention her children but left money to her mother Clementina "to allow her the power of disposing at her death of fifty thousand francs in favour of any of her necessitous relations". Cardinal Henry Stuart, who was her uncle and executor as well as being the new Jacobite pretender, delayed releasing the money for two years.
Roehenstart's grandmother Clementina Walkinshaw lived until 1802, in her later years taking up residence in Switzerland, and Roehenstart was raised in the reformed faith. During the years of the French Revolution, his father paid for his education in Germany. A substantial fortune came to Roehenstart from his grandmother, much of which on the recommendation of Thomas Coutts was invested in London with Turnbull, Forbes & Co., but the firm went bankrupt in 1803. Most of the remainder of his fortune, one hundred thousand roubles, was invested with a Russian banker named Sofniev.
In later life, Roehenstart stated that in 1800 he had been commissioned as an artillery officer of the Imperial Russian Army and had been promoted by 1803. On 8 August 1804, in Paris, he signed his name as a witness at the marriage of his sister Charlotte de Roehenstart to Jean-Louis de la Morliere. By 1806, he was no longer in the army, having resigned his commission as a lieutenant colonel, and had taken service in the household of Duke Alexander of Wurttemberg, who was Tsar Alexander I's Governor of White Ruthenia. In Saint Petersburg, Roehenstart was presented to the Tsarina, who was impressed by him. In 1811, he was offered the hand of an heiress, Marianna Hurko, but made the mistake of falling in love with her sister, Evelina, who was promised elsewhere. Unhappily, at about the same time Roehenstart's banker Sofniev failed, and Roehenstart was advised that he would recover only about five thousand roubles from the disaster. To the distress and anger of the Wurttembergs, he fled Russia, sailing from Kronstadt and arriving in London by November 1811. From there, he set sail for North America, in pursuit of John Forbes, a partner in Turnbull, Forbes & Co. who after the firm's failure had absconded to the United States with money Roehenstart believed to be rightfully his. He lived in Philadelphia from 1811 to 1813. He remained in America until 1814.
In 1816, after the conclusion of the Napoleonic Wars, Roehenstart went to Scotland and again to England, unsuccessfully renewing the Stuarts' pursuit of their old claim on the dowry of Queen Mary Beatrice of Modena, his great-great-grandmother.
In about 1820, Roehenstart married Maria Antonietta Sofia Barberini, the daughter of an exile said to be an Italian nobleman. She died the next year and on 20 July 1821 was buried under the name of "Countess Roehenstart" at Marylebone, London, her age at death being stated as thirty. On 13 December 1826, at St Pancras, London, he married secondly Louisa Constance Bouchier Smith, an Englishwoman possessing a modest fortune, the daughter of Joseph Bouchier Smith, sometime lord of the manor of Kidlington in Oxfordshire, who had recently died. Louisa Constance lived until 20 October 1853, dying at Paris, but there were no children of either marriage. 
Following his second marriage, Roehenstart returned to continental Europe and spent much of the next twenty-five years travelling, usually without his wife, but they were settled permanently in his native Paris. In later life, Roehenstart spoke openly of his royal descent, but he became so boastful of his origins and adventures that few believed him. In 1853, he lost his wife, and in 1854 he revisited Scotland. While there he was fatally injured in a road accident, when he was travelling in a carriage which overturned. He was buried in the graveyard of Dunkeld Cathedral. His friends provided a modest headstone, with the inscription "Sacred to the memory of General Charles Edward Stuart Count Roehenstart who died at Dunkeld on the 28th October 1854 Sic transit gloria mundi".
In the twentieth century Roehenstart's papers came into the hands of the American scholar George Sherburn, who produced a comprehensive account of him from them.
Pretender to the throne.
In order to lay a claim of his own to the British throne, Roehenstart maintained consistently that his grandfather Prince Charles Edward had married his grandmother, Clementina Walkinshaw, and also that his mother the Duchess of Albany had married a Swedish nobleman named Maximilian Roehenstart. The first is unlikely, although not an impossibility, but it lacks evidence; nothing has come to light to support the second claim, and there is no Swedish noble family named Roehenstart. On the contrary, Charlotte's relationship with Rohan is well evidenced.
Although he laid claim to the Jacobite succession, Roehenstart made no practical attempt to regain the throne of his Stuart ancestors. He did seek to maintain links with leading Scots and at the time of his death was returning from a visit to the Duke of Atholl at Blair Castle in Perthshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31235619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235619" title="Amiga programming languages">
Amiga programming languages

This article deals with programming languages used in the Amiga line of computers, running the AmigaOS operating system and its derivatives AROS and MorphOS. It is a split of the main article Amiga software. See also related articles Amiga productivity software, Amiga music software, Amiga Internet and communications software and Amiga support and maintenance software for other information regarding software that runs on Amiga.
History.
Many games and software, especially in the early years of the Amiga were written to directly access the hardware instead of using the operating system for graphics and input. Especially games could achieve much faster and smoother game-play, but at the cost of compatibility with newer Amiga models.
Cross-platform libraries and programming facilities.
Several cross-platform libraries and facilities are available for Amiga:
Since it was born, Amiga lacked for years of a complete integrated development environment (IDE). This fact changed in 2005–2006 when it was created Cubic IDE, based on the modular text editor GoldED.
Brief list of languages available on Amiga.
Assemblers: ASM-One Macro Assembler, Devpac Assembler, Metacomco Macro Assembler, SEKA Assembler
Basic dialects: AmigaBASIC from Microsoft, ABasic from Commodore (developed by Metacomco), AC Basic Compiler, GFA BASIC, HiSoft Basic, AMOS BASIC, Blitz BASIC, PureBasic
C-compilers: Aztec C, DICE C, GNU gcc, VBCC, Lattice C, SAS/C, Storm C, HiSoft C++
PASCAL: Amiga Pascal, Kick-Pascal, High Speed Pascal, Free Pascal
Other languages: JForth, FORTRAN, Amiga Logo, Oberon, Perl, Ruby, Amiga E, FALSE, Python, REBOL, ARexx, GNU C++, Modula-2, Benchmark Modula 2, Eiffel, Java (JAmiga).
Descriptions of some languages.
ABasiC was developed by MetaComCo and was bundled with AmigaOS 1.0 and 1.1.
AmigaOS 1.2 and 1.3 came bundled with AmigaBASIC (and a complete manual), which other than also being a BASIC dialect, was not related to ABasic. AmigaBASIC was the only programming language (and the only tool) made by Microsoft for the Amiga computer. Its best feature was the lack of numbering lines of code, which was the first attempt in 1985/1986 to create a new kind of approach in programming. Microsoft then added this feature to all its development language tools. As AmigaBASIC was bundled with so many Amigas it was one of the most common used language in the early years.
Because Commodore wanted to save money, an update was never made for AmigaBasic. Due to its vast number of known bugs and limitations it was immediately discarded by professional developers in favour of other programming languages such as GFA BASIC, Aztec C, Lattice C, and then AMOS. These bugs and limitations included:
SEKA assembler was a popular tool among game and demo programmers in the early years of the Amiga. Later Devpac and AsmOne became popular assemblers. SEKA, DevPac and AsmOne all were IDE's and included editor, assembler, linker and debugger.
Devpac Assembler by HiSoft was a professional assembler program that became the de facto standard for assembly programming. It was also able to be used for Cross-platform development for any other Motorola 68k-based device, such as the Atari ST. It was common for programs to be jointly written for the Amiga and Atari using Devpac on the Amiga. However, since the Atari ST was closest to the "lowest common denominator" of the two machines, programs would be tested on and built primarily for the ST.
IDE (Integrated Development Environment).
Until recent times Amiga lacked of real IDE programs (apart from the legacy IDE Storm C). All the development were made with advanced text editors such as Emacs, MicroEmacs, Cygnus Editor and Gold Ed (Gold Editor), which were capable to highlight syntax of various kind of code programming languages. Goldd Ed then evolved in a complete IDE environment commercial program called Cubic IDE. 
Actually most used IDE programs are the commercial program Cubic IDE and the commercial program CodeBench that sometimes is released with limited functions as free-licence version.
Application Building Tools.
Some Amiga programs were not languages, but complete application tools. Among these we remember: CanDO, Amiga Vision, Shoot'Em-Up Construction Kit also known as SEUCK, 3D Construction Kit, 3D Construction Kit II and in some degree The Director (BASIC-like language aimed at multimedia, presentations and animations) and AMOS itself could be considered application building tools, more than simple programming languages (even if SEUCK was aimed at games, 3D Construction series, could handle also some sort of 3D VRML). Other tools that can build independent applications or "self loading projects" were Scala Multimedia and actually Hollywood Designer.
CanDO was one the first application building tools, capable of creating programs for the Amiga that were totally independent (compiled or full binary). It is based on a visual interface, after the style of modern "visual programming" approach to programming which became famous with Visual C and Visual Basic from Microsoft. Although CanDO has nothing in common with Visual C and Visual Basic, it is a program mouse driven with an icon approach, and its internal programming is really like an interactive flow chart of functions, just like VISUAL programming tools from Microsoft. Eddie Churchill, one of the primary developers of CanDO, went on to help develop Borland's object-oriented Pascal IDE, Delphi.
Like CanDO on Amiga, there is Amiga Vision. It is a VISUAL "application building" tool made by Commodore itself in the times of the launch of Amiga 3000, and it was released for free to all those who bought an Amiga 3000.
The Vision is more than a language aimed at multimedia, all icon driven, and the flow chart of the functions was realized all graphically, on a page in which the user could arrange visually all the icons each one representing a program function. Vision saved files (projects) could not be used as pure binaries. From this point of view, the Amiga Vision "application building" tool was an interpreted language. 
The AmigaBasic created by Microsoft, CanDO, and then Amiga Vision inspired Microsoft itself to an approach to Visual programming with their line of Visual programming languages, such as Visual 
Basic and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31235640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235640" title="Mehdi Mohammed Zeyo">
Mehdi Mohammed Zeyo

Mehdi Mohammed Zeyo (c. 1962 – 20 February 2011) was a Libyan middle manager for a state oil company in Benghazi, Libya. In the wake of the Libyan civil war, Zeyo found he could no longer bury the civilian youth killed by Muammar Gaddafi's forces; he subsequently decided to use his car to blow up the gates to a military base in Benghazi. This allowed the civilian oppositional fighters to overrun the base and claim Benghazi as an oppositional stronghold in the Libyan civil war.
Background.
NPR reporter Lourdes Garcia-Navarro describes Zeyo as "the most unlikely hero of the Libyan civil war." As an older gentleman of 49 amongst the youth democracy protesters, the middle-manager for a state oil company joined the peaceful protest movement as soon as it began.
Role in the Battle of Benghazi.
Under the guise of a car attending a funeral procession for protesters passing through the Kaithiba compound, he suddenly drove his car, loaded with two propane gas canisters, into the main gates of the compound blowing them up. Within a few hours the compound was taken, effectively winning the battle for the rebels. 
He had been alongside other anti-Government protesters the days before, and according to his wife, he would come home with his clothes smeared with blood from carrying dying and wounded comrades and then On 20 February, sickened by the carnage, he loaded his black Kia with the propane cylinders without telling anyone. A number of guards for the Kaithiba were also said to have been kiled by the resulting explosion.

</doc>
<doc id="31235643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235643" title="Notacanthus">
Notacanthus

Notacanthus is a genus of spiny eels in the family Notacanthidae.
Species.
It currently contains these recognized species:

</doc>
<doc id="31235644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235644" title="Driftwood Bay Air Force Station Airfield">
Driftwood Bay Air Force Station Airfield

Driftwood Bay Air Force Station is a private use military airstrip located 13 nautical miles (15 mi, 24 km) northwest of Dutch Harbor, in the Aleutians East Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is privately owned by the United States Air Force. The facility is not open for public use.
Overview.
Driftwood Bay Air Force Station Airfield is an unattended United States Air Force gravel airstrip. Its present condition is undetermined.
The airport was built in 1958 to support Driftwood Bay Air Force Station, a Cold War United States Air Force Distant Early Warning Line radar station. The station was operated by Detachment 2, 714th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron based at Cold Bay Air Force Station, near Cold Bay, Alaska. The radar station was inactivated in September 1969, ending military use of the airport. The Air Force remediated the site around 2000, removing all abandoned military structures and returning the site to a natural condition.
It is not staffed by any support personnel, and is not open to the public. During the winter months, it may be inaccessible due to the extreme weather conditions at the location.
Facilities.
Driftwood Bay Air Force Station Airport covers an area of 459 acres (186 ha) at an elevation of 24 feet (7 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 14/32 with a gravel surface measuring 3,500 by 100 feet (1,067 x 30 m).

</doc>
<doc id="31235666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235666" title="Mole shrew">
Mole shrew

A mole shrew is a shrew that resembles a mole. Species with that name include:

</doc>
<doc id="31235673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235673" title="The Kick">
The Kick

The Kick (; ) is a 2011 Thai martial arts film, directed by Prachya Pinkaew. The film follows a Korean family of taekwondo experts who immigrate to Thailand.
Plot.
Mun is a taekwondo master running an old taekwondo gym in Bangkok. All five members of his family are also taekwondo exponents, each of whom infuses the art with a particular skill: his wife Mija in cooking style, son Taeyang in dancing style, daughter Taemi in soccer style, and the youngest Typhoon can break anything with his strong forehead.
Mun wants his children to be taekwondo coaches to take over his gym in the future. However, regardless of their father's will, Taeyang wants to be a famous pop singer and Taemi is only interested in her secret crush at school.
One day, Taeyang foils a gang's attempt to steal a priceless antique kris. Pom, the leader of the gang, is the only one to escape and threatens revenge. Mun's family becomes more popular in the public eye, not knowing when or where Pom will get his revenge.

</doc>
<doc id="31235698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235698" title="JDS Ōsumi (LST-4001)">
JDS Ōsumi (LST-4001)

JS Ōsumi is an "Ōsumi" class LST of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF).
The ship was built by Mitsui, Tamano and commissioned into service on 11 March 1998.
Service.
This ship delivered supplies to the disaster area after the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami.

</doc>
<doc id="31235734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235734" title="Christine Frederick">
Christine Frederick

Christine Isobel McGaffey Frederick (February 6, 1883 – April 6, 1970) was an American home economist and early 20th century exponent of Taylorism as applied to the domestic sphere. She conducted experiments aimed at improving household efficiency, as well as arguing for women's vital role as consumers in a mass-production economy. She wrote books on these subjects, the best-known of which is probably "Selling Mrs. Consumer", which offers an early justification for planned obsolescence as a necessary feature of the industrial economy.
Early years.
Christine Frederick was born in 1887 in Boston, Massachusetts, to Mimi (Scott) and William R. Campbell, who separated shortly afterwards. In 1894 Frederick's mother married a lawyer, Wyatt MacGaffey, who adopted the girl.
In 1906, Christine McGaffey (as she preferred to spell her maiden name) graduated from Northwestern University and became a teacher. A year later, she married J. (Justus) George Frederick, a business executive interested in the theories of scientific management put forward by Frederick W. Taylor and others. The Fredericks had four children, David Mansfield, Jean, Phyllis, and Carol.
Efficiency expert.
After moving to New York, Christine and J. George Frederick helped to found a club called the Advertising Women of New York in 1912 because women were refused admission to the men's advertising club. Becoming interested in Taylorism as applied to the domestic sphere, Frederick and founded and directed a laboratory for conducting Taylorist experiments at her home in Greenlawn, New York. She was especially interested in making kitchens more efficient for women and is credited with bringing about standardization of the height of kitchen counters and work surfaces. At the Applecroft Home Experiment Station, Frederick investigated some 1,800 different products from household appliances to food, looking for labor-saving methods of preparation and use.
In 1912, Frederick began a series of articles under the title 'New Housekeeping' in the "Ladies' Home Journal" (for which she served as consulting household editor) to explain Taylorism to middle-class women. These articles were subsequently published as a book, "The New Housekeeping: Efficiency Studies in Home Management". Frederick's second chapter, on applying motion studies to household tasks, shows the clear parallel between her research and Taylor's well-known studies in the industrial sphere. She followed this up in 1915 with a correspondence course called 'Household Engineering: Scientific Management in the Home'. In 1917, she did some lecturing on the Chautauqua circuit.
Over the course of some thirty years, Frederick served as an editor for a number of other publications. She was home economics editor of Butterick Publishing Company's magazine "The Designer", as well as a consulting editor for "Shrine" and the "American Weekly". She also earned money (as well as gaining publicity) by promoting specific products under the banner of home efficiency.
Frederick sometimes worked with her husband, who was president of a company called Business Bourse that specialized in publishing business-related research and data. In the 1920s, the Fredericks broadened their views to embrace the idea of planned product obsolescence as a form of large-scale efficiency. Rejecting the traditional idea that products should be made to last, they argued instead for obsolescence as a kind of ‘creative waste’ that kept the industrial economy running smoothly. In this view, well-made, long-lasting objects are a problem because they saturate the market, creating resistance to the efficiencies of mass production. In "Advertising the American Dream", Roland Marchand calls the Fredericks 'evangelists of the new ideology' of planned obsolescence.
In 1929, Frederick published a book setting forth these and related ideas, "Selling Mrs. Consumer". Among other things, Frederick argues for advertising as a means to keep women informed of changes that will improve their lives, and for credit as a keystone of the consumer economy. Dedicated to Herbert Hoover, the book offers a view into a key moment in the transformation of women into modern consumers who must be trained and encouraged to buy ever more goods. "Selling Mrs. Consumer" was published by J. George Frederick's company, Business Bourse.
Christine Frederick died of heart disease in 1970 at the age of 87. Her papers are held in the Radcliffe Institute's Schlesinger Library.

</doc>
<doc id="31235752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235752" title="Bleu Noir (song)">
Bleu Noir (song)

"Bleu noir" is a 2010 song by French pop musician Mylène Farmer. It is the second single to her eighth studio album "Bleu Noir", released in December 2010. The song was written and produced by Moby with lyrics by Farmer, and the music video produced by French film director Olivier Dahan. It was released on 18 April 2011. In France, the song became Farmer's eleventh number-one hit on the singles chart, but quickly dropped.
Background and release.
"Bleu noir" is Farmer's second single produced and written by Moby, following their 2006 single "Slipping Away (Crier la vie)". On 23 January 2011, it was announced that "Bleu Noir" would be the second single of the album, and on 17 March, Universal Music announced on its website that the release was scheduled for 18 April. Remixed versions of the song named 'Jérémy Hills remix' and 'Glam as you radio mix' were respectively sent to the radios on 10 and 31 March. Formats, track listings and covers arts were officially revealed on 24 and 25 March.
Moby, the composer of the song, also released his own version of the track in May, with other lyrics and arrangements, called "The Day" and which was the official lead single of his then forthcoming album "Destroyed.". This simultaneous release created a little controversy amongst fans of Farmer, as many of them criticized the fact that he gave the music to the songstress and then reappropriated it for his own album. In an interview published on 18 May 2011 in the Belgian newspaper "Le Soir", Moby said he was very embarrassed and deemed the release of "The Day" as a single an "error", since Farmer was disappointed, thinking "it was her song". 
Lyrically, the theme's song is a message of hope saying that love is stronger than death. The words 'blue black' in the title refers to the ink and expresses the idea that when a love story ends, writings are the only things to recalls it. According to the author Alice Novak, guitars used in the song are almost similar to the riffs on The Cure's songs.
Music video.
Directed by producer Olivier Dahan, the music video premiered on the temporary website for the album on 16 March 2011, then was fully broadcast on television two days later. It has no screenplay and is composed of an over four-minute long take without cuts. Regarded as rather "sober" and sometimes "simplistic", with a majority of black and white colors, the video depicts Farmer walking in a countryside, a forest and a snow-covered plains, and ends with a fireworks display. The video generally received positive reviews in the media. "Têtu" deemed Farmer as being "melancholic and moving" in the video. Several media, including "Gala", "Pure People" and "20 Minutes" considered that various elements of the video, such as the snow and the forest, are a tribute to Farmer's first music videos of her career, including "Tristana", "Regrets" and "Ainsi soit je...", and that it is "aesthetic". "L'Express" analyzed the symbolism of the colours used in the video.
Critical reception.
"Bleu Noir" received reviews from the album release. According to "Gala", the song "will reconcile the fans of the first time and followers of British pop". Sylvain Siclier of "Le Monde" considered that, alongside "Toi l'amour", "Bleu Noir" is the most pop song of the album, with "light takeoffs, trippy atmosphere", is "close to the musical universal of the singer" and noted that her "voice is particularly present".
Chart performance.
The song entered the Walloon Ultratip Chart at number 35 and reached number one two weeks later. It started at number 16 on the Ultratop 50 chart on 30 April 2011, fell off for one week, then re-entered at number 21 the next week after being heavily played on radio, and totaled six weeks on the chart. In France, the single debuted at number one on the main singles chart which combines physical and digital sales on the chart edition of 24 April 2011, becoming Farmer's eleventh number-one single in France. In the first week, the single totaled 10,770 sales, including 9,743 units of the physical formats only, which was the highest weekly physical sales of 2011 for a number one in the country. The following week, the single performed the biggest drop from number one, falling to number 36, with an 81% decline in sales from the previous week. It remained on the chart for six weeks. The music video reached number 21 on the TV airplay chart of 7 April 2011.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of single releases of "Bleu Noir":
Personnel and credits.
These are the credits and the personnel as they appear on the back of the single:

</doc>
<doc id="31235766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235766" title="William A. Barnhill">
William A. Barnhill

William A. Barnhill (November 26, 1889 - November 1, 1987) was an American photographer best known for his work in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina in the early 1900s. His love of hiking and photography took him to the mountains of western North Carolina between 1914 and 1917. The photographs he took during those trips have been featured in "American Heritage" and "Life" magazines, as well as in the collections of the Library of Congress, the New York Public Library, the Pack Memorial Public Library of Asheville, North Carolina, and various college libraries.
During World War I, as a Lieutenant in the US Army he commanded a photographic section in the 91st Aero Squadron.
Some of his photographs from the war were used in the "New York Times" during the war. 
He worked as a commercial photographer in Asheville and Cleveland after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="31235777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235777" title="Ben Mason">
Ben Mason

Ben Mason (born 2 March 1977) is an English professional golfer.
Professional career.
Mason turned professional in 1999 after a successful amateur career which included reaching the semifinals of The Amateur Championship in 1998. He joined the second-tier Challenge Tour in 2001 and from 2003 to 2005 he played full-time on the European Tour, where his best finish was second in the 2003 Aa St Omer Open. However he never finished within the top 120 money earners who maintain their tour rights automatically; his best Order of Merit finish was 134th in 2005. In 2006 Mason returned to playing the Challenge Tour full-time, where he recorded his first professional win in 2007 at the Open Mahou de Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="31235782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235782" title="Lita Albuquerque">
Lita Albuquerque

Lita Albuquerque is an American installation, environmental artist, painter and sculptor.
She is on the core faculty of the Fine Art Graduate Program at Art Center College of Design.
Life.
She was born in Santa Monica, California and raised in Tunisia, North Africa and Paris, France. 
At the age of eleven she settled with her family in the U.S. 
She graduated with a BFA from University of California, Los Angeles, and studied at the Otis College of Art and Design, from 1971 to 1972.
In the 1970s, Albuquerque emerged on the California art scene as part of the Light and Space movement and won acclaim for her epic and poetic ephemeral pigment pieces created for desert sites. She gained national attention in the late 1970s with her ephemeral pigment installations pertaining to mapping, identity and the cosmos, executed in the natural landscape.
In 1980, Albuquerque garnered international acclaim for her pivotal installation, The Washington Monument Project, as featured in the International Sculptural Conference. The recognition this work gained, led to awards and commissions at major sites around the world, including the Great Pyramids, where she represented the United States at the International Cairo Biennale with her installation and exhibition "Sol Star" which won the prestigious Cairo Biennale Prize. In 2006 Albuquerque was awarded a National Science Foundation Grant and lead a team of artists and scientists on a journey to Antarctica where she created a large scale ephemeral artwork on the continent entitled Stellar Axis: Antarctica.
Albuquerque has created numerous site specific installations in the past two decades including works in the South Dakota Badlands, Death Valley and the Mojave desert. Her paintings are a materialization of the ideas about color, light and perception first created in her ephemeral works. Through her use of pure pigments, gold leaf and copper, she engages perceptual and alchemical shifts
Completing an ambitious array of public projects over the past decade, Albuquerque has been commissioned to work in locations including: Gannett Publishers, McLean, Virginia; The Evo De Concini Federal Courthouse, Tucson, AZ; Palos Verdes Central Library, CA; Koll/Obayashi Corporation, Los Angeles, CA; Cerritos Public Library, Cerritos, CA; Tochigi Prefecture Health Center, Japan; Saitama Guest Center, Saitama, Tokyo, and the Library at the Tokyo University of Foreign Studies amongst numerous other sites.
Albuquerque, with architect Mitchell De Jarnett, installed "Golden State", the largest public art commission in California State government history, a plaza design spanning two city blocks at the center of the Capitol Area East End Complex in Sacramento. Albuquerque completed "Celestial Disk", a star map, sculpture and waterfall in collaboration with architect Robert Kramer, which provides the main entrance to the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels, Los Angeles. She worked with architect Cesar Pelli on a sculptural floor installation for the New Minneapolis Central Library, and with architect David Martin, has completed a glass pathway, star map and water wall disk for the Wallace Chapel at Chapman University in Orange, CA. 
She is the recipient of numerous grants and awards including: A National Science Foundation Grant in the Artists and Writers Program; the Cairo Biennale Prize at the Sixth International Cairo Biennale; Arts International award for U.S. Artist Representative for the Cairo Biennale; National Endowment for the Arts Art in Public Places Award (1983, 1984, 1990), a National Endowment for the Arts Individual Fellowship Grant and the esteemed Civitella Ranieri Foundation Fellowship in the Visual Arts, Perugia, Italy (2002). In June 2004 she was honored by the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles for their 25th anniversary celebration for her contributions to the museum. Her work is featured in their anniversary catalogue and permanent collection.
Collections.
Lita Albuquerque's work is also included in The Archives of American Art at the Smithsonian Institution and is collected by prominent Museums and Foundations, such as: The Whitney, The Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, J. Paul Getty Museum, The Frederick Weisman Foundation, LACMA, The Orange County Museum of Art, The Laguna Art Museum, The Palm Springs Desert Museum, as well as numerous embassies and corporations.
Exhibitions.
Numerous solo exhibitions include: a career survey at Santa Monica Museum of Art; Mary Ryan Gallery, N.Y.; Dorothy Goldeen Gallery, Santa Monica; Marianne Deson Gallery, Chicago; Diane Brown Gallery, Washington D.C.; Lerner Heller Gallery, N.Y.; Robin Cronin Gallery, Houston; and Akhnaten Galleries, Cairo. Her museum exhibition history includes Hirshhorn Museum, Washington D.C.; San Francisco Museum of Art; Musee d'Art Moderne, Paris; Asahi Shimbun, Tokyo; Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington D.C.; National Gallery of Modern Art, New Delhi; L.A. County Museum of Art; and Museum of Contemporary Art, L.A.
References.
Stellar Axis, first hand account

</doc>
<doc id="31235798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235798" title="Something Big (album)">
Something Big (album)

Something Big is the fifth studio album by R&B/Gospel duo Mary Mary and was released on March 29, 2011. The album was primarily written by Mary Mary and produced by Warryn Campbell, Jazz Nixon, Gerald Haddon and LaMar "Mars" Edwards for Myblock Records.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Something Big" received generally positive reviews from critics. Andy Kellman of "Allmusic" praised the title and opening track "Something Big" for being "a raucous stomper" and its follow-up "Something Bigger" which he notes "increases the energy with super-charged marching-band percussion". Andrea Dawn Goforth of "Christianity Today" also reviewed the album's opening favourably, with its "exciting march-like drum beat and hooky Timbaland-esque male vocal". Goforth also highlighted the "infectious beats, sweet harmonies, and creative arrangements" on the album while Kellman lent praise to the group's "striking harmonies" on the rich folk-soul gospel that is "Homecoming Glory". Likewise, Josh Langhoff of "Pop Matters" praised the duo's voices, describing them as "wonderful", writing that they "sing clearly and richly, moving from solo lines to well-arranged harmonies" and that "every note seems perfectly calculated to deliver as much pleasure as possible". However, he noted that if there’s any fault in the music on this album, it’s that vocals and production seem overly-planned and non-outlandish throughout" going on to hail the album as "solid" but on the contrary "frustrating", writing that "it hints at an audacity that its lyrics and music never quite deliver". Similarly Kellman reviewed the "album's second half" less positively than the first, writing that its "relatively dry songs lack the edge of the album’s first half" and so it "sags with plaintively strummed acoustic guitars and churning electric guitars". Kevin Hoskins of "Jesus Freak Hideout" gave a much more favourable review however, rating the album four out of five stars and describing it as being "much better and more diverse than expected". Hoskins listed "Something Big", "Something Bigger", "Walking", "Homecoming Glory", "Catch Me" and "Sitting With Me" - which was described by Langhoff as "a lovely lilting number" - as particular standouts.
Commercial performance.
The album debuted at number ten on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, with first-week sales of 42,000 copies in the United States.
Samples.
"Walking" contains a sample of "Gypsy Woman (She's Homeless)" by Crystal Waters.
Singles.
The lead single, "Walking", was released digitally on December 7, 2010. The song is currently active on the charts, garnering radio play mainly on Urban, Urban Adult Contemporary, Rhythmic, Gospel and Dance radio formats. In the US it had peaked at #3 on the Hot Gospel Songs, #94 on the Billboard Hot 100, #14 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #5 on the Hot Dance Club Play, and #57 on the Radio Songs. 
The song's video was directed by Luga Podesta, best known for shooting recent pop videos for Travie McCoy, Emily Osment and Hey Monday and premiered in late January. The second single, "Survive" has peaked at #51 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.

</doc>
<doc id="31235812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235812" title="Zatikon">
Zatikon

Zatikon is an online multiplayer game developed by Gabe Jones and published by Chronic Logic, the independent publisher and developer responsible for Gish and three commercial sequels to Bridge Builder.
Gameplay.
Like chess, "Zatikon" is a turn-based game that takes place on a grid. Using units they deploy from a castle at their end of the board, the players try to move onto the castle of their opponent. Instead of moving only one unit each turn, the players get commands, which they can use to move multiple units or to have a single unit take several actions. Each unit has five characteristics:
Most units can attack enemy units, though how they attack varies. Archers, catapults, and many wizards can attack units several squares away. Generals and knights can only attack adjacent units. So can warriors, but they attack all enemies in range simultaneously.
In addition to attacks, many units have special abilities. For example, the shield maiden can take damage for its allies, the priest can convert enemy units, and the swordsman can block attacks.
Gameplay Modes.
The game has five different modes:
In the constructed modes, players design their army under two constraints. First, their army can only use units worth 1,000 points. Since each unit has different point values, the players must decide whether to have several less powerful units, a few strong units, or some compromise between the two. They also try to create armies with units that complement each other. For example, a player might combine several cheap units with a captain, which can grant them free attacks by attacking a unit within their range.
Second, players can only add units to their army if they have recruited that type of unit. Players recruit units using gold they win when they defeat computer-controlled opponents or complete a game with a human opponent.
Business Model.
"Zatikon" was released as demoware on November 7, 2008. In April 2009, Chronic Logic released the original version as freeware. However, players can buy expansions to gain access to additional units. As of November 2010, the game has two expansions: Crusades, which adds 40+ units, and Legions, which adds 30+ units.
Critical Reception.
The game received positive reviews. Steve Blanch of independent game review site Bytten named it the best strategy game of 2009, describing it as "one of the most absorbing strategy titles I (have) played in a good while." In his review, he praised the number of units, explaining that "the diversity of their attributes and skills ensures that truly no two games will play out the same way." Out of Eight said "the large variety of units makes for some innovative and truly unique strategies."
Several critics praised the game's 90-second time limit. Mac Gamer said the timer "heightens tension by creating an immediacy for quick, decisive action." Out of Eight added that the timer "cut(s) down on the game time, which is already pretty short (a typical game takes 10-15 minutes I would say)."
Most reviewers criticized the game's sound and graphics. Gas Bandit Gaming described the graphics as rudimentary, saying "the playing field and all units consist of tiled images with only the most very basic of animation occurring during moves and attacks." Adrenaline Vault agreed, observing "the graphics and audio are just placeholders for the interface."
Two reviews say the game has a steep learning curve. TestFreaks points out that "there are a lot of characters to study, and it takes time to understand all their strengths and weaknesses." GamesInfo.net reports "that playing online
the first few times is likely to be very similar to learning chess. That is to say, you’re likely to lose over and over and over."

</doc>
<doc id="31235821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235821" title="List of shogi video games">
List of shogi video games

This is a list of video games. Throughout the years, hundreds of games were released exclusively in Japan for several consoles. Meanwhile some of the latest ones were released outside Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="31235866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235866" title="Morioka Junior College">
Morioka Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="31235878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235878" title="Fixed orbit">
Fixed orbit

A fixed orbit is the concept, in atomic physics, where an electron is considered to remain in a specific orbit, at a fixed distance from an atom's nucleus, for a particular energy level.
The concept was promoted by quantum physicist Niels Bohr circa 1913.
The idea of the fixed orbit is considered a major component of the Bohr model (or Bohr theory).

</doc>
<doc id="31235887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235887" title="Riella">
Riella

Riella is the only genus in the liverwort family Riellaceae, and includes about eighteen species. Plants in the genus are small and grow submerged in shallow temporary pools. Although the genus is widely distributed in the Northern Hemisphere, locating populations is often difficult. Its occurrence is sporadic and local, and the tiny plants are ephemeral. The ornamented spores remain viable for several years, allowing the plants to survive annual drying of their habitat. The plants are easily grown in laboratory cultures.
Description.
"Riella" plants are small, usually or less, and thalloid, with an appearance like an immature alga. The plant consists of an erect central axis ("stem") that is commonly forked, but only sparingly, and the plants are bright green.
The stem bears a thin dorsal lamina or "wing", which being on only one side gives the plant an asymmetrical appearance. This lamina is ruffled or undulate. Early descriptions of the species "Riella helicophylla" overemphasized the spiralled form of the lamina, which does not occur in other species. One species, the Algerian "Riella bialata" bears two wings along its stems instead of the usual single lamina. The lamina has a thickness of only a single layer of cells, with all the cells thin-walled and chlorophyllose. 
In addition to the lamina, the central stem bears delicate, small, leaf-like scales in three series along its lateral and ventral aspects. The leaf scales are dimorphic and contain scattered oil cells, with a single oil body per cell. "Riella" is thus the only member of its order with oil cells, although other genera in the class Marchantiopsida commonly have them.
Distribution.
Although found nearly worldwide, "Riella" populations are sporadic and limited to only a few known localities. The plants are never common, and are found most often in places where the summer is dry and the winter is wet and mild.
Prior to 1900, "Riella" was thought to occur only in regions around the Mediterranean. The first collections from outside this region were published in 1902 when Porsild reported collecting "R. paulsenii" in Kazakhstan in 1898. Three further specimens from the United States were reported in 1903, although one of these had been collected much earlier in 1855. Since that time, additional populations have been reported from South Africa, southern Argentina, and southeastern Australia.
"Riella" species primarily grow as submerged aquatic plants, rarely floating or emergent. Although it is unique among hepatics as a submerged aquatic, it is not the only aquatic liverwort. The plants grow in fresh or brackish water of temporary bodies of water, and rarely in permanent ones.
Classification.
The genus "Riella" was first published in 1852 by Camille Montagne. The group was given its own family Riellaceae 40 years later by Adolf Engler. Modern bryologists classify the Riellaceae in the order Sphaerocarpales, along with the family Sphaerocarpaceae. Studies comparing genetic sequences of "Riella" plants support this relationship.
Porsild recognized a subgenus "Trabutiella" distinguished by the presence of longitudinal wings on the involucre. The only other subgenus ("Riella" subg. "Riella") bears smooth involucres that lack these wings of tissue.
Species of "Riella" are distinguished using morphology of the spores or archegonial involucres, since the gametophytes of the genus possess few distinguishing non-reproductive characters. There are 19, 18, or 17 species in the genus. 

</doc>
<doc id="31235900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235900" title="Ernst Diesen">
Ernst Diesen

Ernst Diesen (1913–1970) was a Norwegian revue and film actor and theatre director. He was born in Kristiania, and was married to Kari Diesen. He worked for the revue theatre Chat Noir from 1934 to 1942, and then for the Edderkoppen Theatre. He acted in several films, including the comedy films "Bør Børson Jr." from 1938, "Den forsvundne pølsemaker" from 1941, "Det æ'kke te å tru" from 1942, and "Pappa tar gull" from 1964. He was theatre director at Chat Noir from 1950 to 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="31235916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235916" title="Lingen Nuclear Power Plant">
Lingen Nuclear Power Plant

Lingen Nuclear Power Plant is an inactive nuclear power plant in Germany, close to Emsland Nuclear Power Plant.
It once belonged to VEW, and now belongs to RWE Power AG.

</doc>
<doc id="31235925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235925" title="African blues">
African blues

Many scholars and ethnomusicologists point to Africa as the origins of the Blues. Albums such as "African Blues" by Ali Farka Toure have a noticeable African and American Blues influence. 
The death of Malian guitar legend Ali Farka Touré has inspired a new round of speculation about the roots of the blues in Africa. Touré famously argued that the beloved American genre was "nothing but African," a bold assertion. Among scholars, Gerhard Kubik's book Africa and the Blues has gained recognition as the most serious and penetrating examination of the subject. Even though the blues is a central component of American music, it is one of the most mysterious, and least understood aspects of our popular music culture. 

</doc>
<doc id="31235929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235929" title="Steven Kroll">
Steven Kroll

Steven Lawrence Kroll (August 11, 1941 – March 8, 2011) was an American children's book author. He wrote 96 books, including "Is Milton Missing?" (1975), "The Biggest Pumpkin Ever" (1984), "Sweet America" (2000), "When I Dream of Heaven" (2000), "Jungle Bullies" (2006).
Biography.
Born in Manhattan, he attended the McBurney School and Harvard University, graduating with a degree in American history and literature in 1962. Prior to becoming a full-time author, he was an editor at Chatto & Windus in London and Holt, Rinehart & Winston in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31235951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235951" title="Lisa Maguire">
Lisa Maguire

Lisa Maguire (born 30 November 1994) is an Irish amateur golfer. As of 11 September 2011, she is ranked 35th in the world on the Women's Amateur Golf rankings. A native of County Cavan, her parents are schoolteachers Declan and Breda Maguire. At the age of 9 she gave up a promising swimming career to concentrate on golf, after breaking her arm in a playground accident. She is 15 minutes older than her twin sister Leona who is also an accomplished golfer.
Career.
2006
In August 2006 at the age of 11, Lisa beat off more than 800 competitors from 30 countries to become the winner of the under-12 World Golf Championship at Pinehurst in North Carolina. Her twin sister Leona Maguire came third. In September 2006, the twins were chosen to bring the Ryder Cup trophy to the stage during the presentation ceremony after Europe's win at the K Club against the USA.
2007
Lisa won the Midland Girls Championship; Ulster Girls Championship; Leinster Girls Championship; Ulster U-19 Schools Championship; Girls Interprovincial Championship; Ulster Girls Order of Merit title; Irish Girls Order of Merit title; Runner-up in Connacht Girls Championship; Semi-finalist in the Irish Ladies Close and Semi-finalist British Girls Championship.
2008
On 21 May 2008, Lisa was runner-up to her twin sister Leona in the Lancome Irish Ladies Close Championship at Westport, County Mayo. On 19 July 2008, the positions were reversed when Lisa triumphed over her sister 4 and 3 in the final of the Lancome Irish Girls Close Championship at Mullingar Golf Club. It was the first time in the history of Irish Golf that the Irish Champions of both the Women's and Girls events come from the same family let alone twin sisters. On 26 July 2008 Lisa beat her sister Leona by four shots in the European Young Masters final at Chantilly, France. As a result both twins were picked for the European Junior Ryder Cup Team which later lost to the USA at Olde Stone, Bowling Green, Kentucky on 17 September 2008.
2009
On 26 April 2009, at the age of 14, Lisa came third in the Helen Holm Scottish Women's Open Amateur Strokeplay Golf Championship played at Troon Portland and Troon Old Course. Her sister Leona won the event after a final round score of 73 for a 54 hole aggregate score of −6, 219. On 20 May 2009, Lisa defeated Mary Dowling of New Ross Golf Club by a 5&4 margin in the final of the Lancôme Irish Women's Close in Fota Island. On 21 June 2009, Lisa did the Irish double by winning the Irish Women's Open Strokeplay following a play-off with Hannah Burke (ENG) after both finished 5 under par for 54 holes at Douglas Golf Club. On 11 July 2009, the twins were part of the four girl Ireland team which defeated Sweden 4–1 in the final of the Girls' European Team Championships at Kokkola, Finland to become European Champions for the first time in Irish golfing history. Lisa played for Great Britain and Ireland in the Vagliano Trophy in July 2009, becoming the second youngest player at the age of 14 ever to represent the side, along with her twin sister Leona who was the youngest player by 15 minutes. The twins were the joint top highest scorers for the GB & I side which lost to Europe 13–11. Both twins were selected for the 2009 Junior Solheim Cup Team at the Aurora Country Club, Illinois, USA in August.
2010
Lisa played for Great Britain and Ireland in the Curtis Cup in 2010, becoming the second youngest player at the age of 15 ever to represent the side, along with her twin sister Leona who was the youngest by 15 minutes.
2011
In March 2011, Lisa won the Spanish Ladies Open Amateur Champion in Cádiz and in July she won the European Ladies Amateur Championship at the Noordwijk Golfclub in the Netherlands, becoming the first ever Irish winner. Lisa was chosen along with her sister Leona in the European side which earned a 12–12 draw against the USA in the PING Junior Solheim Cup at Knightsbrook in Meath on 21 September. In December, Lisa and her sister Leona were named jointly as the Women's Amateur of the Year at the AIB Irish Golf Writers' awards for 2011.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="31235956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235956" title="Correlates of crime">
Correlates of crime

Many different correlates of crime have been proposed with varying degrees of empirical support. The causes of crime is one of the major research areas in criminology. A large number of narrow and broad theories have been proposed for explaining crime. These must then be scrutinized further because correlation does not imply causation.
"The Handbook of Crime Correlates" (2009) is a systematic review of worldwide empirical studies on crime publicized in the academic literature. The results of a total of 5200 studies are summarized. In order to identify well-established relationships to crime consistency scores were calculated for the factors which many studies have examined. The scoring depends on how consistent a statistically significant relationship was found in the studies. The authors argue that the review summaries most of what is currently known of variables associated with criminality.
Biological.
Age.
Crime is most frequent in second and third decades of life.
Gender.
Males commit more overall and violent crime. They also commit more property crime except shoplifting, which is about equally distributed between the genders. Males appear to be more likely to recidivate.
Arousal.
Measures related to arousal such as heart rate and skin conductance are low among criminals.
Body type.
Mesomorphic or muscular body type is positively correlated with criminality specifically of the sexual nature.
Hormones.
Testosterone is positively correlated to criminality.
Biochemical markers.
Low monoamine oxidase activity and low 5-HIAA levels are found among criminals.
Race, ethnicity, and immigration.
There is a relationship between race and crime.
Ethnically/racially diverse areas probably have higher crime rates compared to ethnically/racially homogeneous areas.
Most studies on immigrants have found higher rates of crime. However, this varies greatly depending on the country of origin with immigrants from some regions having lower crime rates than the indigenous population.
Early life.
Pregnancy.
Maternal smoking during pregnancy is associated with later criminality. Low birth weight and perinatal trauma/birth complications may be more prevalent among criminals.
Family.
Child maltreatment, low parent-child attachment, marital discord/family discord, alcoholism and drug use in the family, and low parental supervision/monitoring are associated with criminality. Larger family size and later birth order are also associated.
Enuresis.
Nocturnal enuresis or bed wetting correlates with criminality.
Bullying.
Bullying is positively related to criminal behavior.
School.
School disciplinary problems, truancy, low grade point average, and dropping out of high school are associated with criminality.
Lead Poisoning.
Childhood lead exposure of a population correlates with criminal activity approximately twenty years later.
Adult behavior.
Alcohol and illegal drug use.
High alcohol use, alcohol abuse, and alcoholism, as well as high illegal drug use and dependence are positively related to criminality in general.
Sex.
Early age of first intercourse and more sexual partners are associated with criminality.
Friends.
Few friends, criminal friends, and gang membership correlate positively with criminality.
Religion.
High religious involvement, high importance of religion in one's life, membership in an organized religion, and orthodox religious beliefs are believed to be associated with less criminality. However, studies have shown that more secular nations have lower rates of violent crimes such as murder.
Physical health.
General morbidity.
Criminals probably suffer from more illnesses.
Epilepsy.
Epilepsy appears to have a positive correlation with criminality.
Accidental injuries.
Criminals are more frequently accidentally injured.
Psychological traits.
Conduct disorder and antisocial personality disorder.
Childhood conduct disorder and adult antisocial personality disorder are associated with one another and criminal behavior.
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder correlates positively with criminality.
Depression and suicide.
Minor depression and probably clinical depression is more likely among offenders. Depression in the family is associated with criminality. Criminals are more likely to be suicidal.
Schizophrenia.
Schizophrenia and criminality appear to be positively correlated.
Intelligence quotient and learning disabilities.
There is also a relationship between lower IQ and crime.
The American Psychological Association's 1995 report "Intelligence: Knowns and Unknowns" stated that the correlation between IQ and crime was -0.2. In his book (1998), Arthur Jensen cited data which showed that, regardless of race, people with IQs between 70 and 90 have higher crime rates than people with IQs below or above this range, with the peak range being between 80 and 90.
A learning disability is a substantial discrepancy between IQ and academic performance. It has a relationship to criminal behavior. Slow reading development may be particularly relevant.
Personality traits.
Several personality traits are associated with criminality: High impulsivity, high psychoticism, high sensation-seeking, low self control, high aggression in childhood, and low empathy and altruism.
Socioeconomic factors.
Higher total socioeconomic status (usually measured using the three variables income (or wealth), occupational level, and years of education) correlate with less crime. Longer education is associated with less crime. Higher income/wealth have a somewhat inconsistent correlation with less crime with the exception of self-report illegal drug use for which there is no relation. Higher parental socioeconomic status probably has an inverse relationship with crime.
High frequency of changing jobs and high frequency of unemployment for a person correlate with criminality.
Somewhat inconsistent evidence indicates that there is a relationship between low income, percentage under the poverty line, few years of education, and high income inequality in an area and more crime in the area.
The relationship between the state of the economy and crime rates is inconsistent among the studies. The same for differences in unemployment between different regions and crime rates. There is a slight tendency in the majority of the studies for higher unemployment rate to be positively associated with crime rates.
Other geographic factors.
Cities or counties with larger populations have higher crime rates. Poorly maintained neighborhoods correlate with higher crime rates. High residential mobility is associated with a higher crime rate. More taverns and alcohol stores, as well as more gambling and tourist establishments, in an area are positively related to criminality.
There appears to be higher crime rates in the geographic regions of a country that are closer to the equator.
Weather, season and climate.
Crime rates vary with temperature depending on both short-term weather and season. The relationship between the hotter months of summer and a peak in rape and assault seems to be almost universal. For other crimes there are also seasonal or monthly patterns but they are more inconsistent across nations. On the other hand for climate, there is a higher crime rate in the southern US but this largely disappears after non-climatic factors are controlled for.
Victims and fear of crime.
Risk of being a crime victim is highest for teens through mid 30s and lowest for the elderly. Fear of crime shows the opposite pattern. Criminals are more often crime victims. Females fear crimes more than males. Black Americans appear to fear crime more. Black people are more often victims, especially of murder.
Cultural and societal – Specific factors.
Media depiction of violence.
Media violence research examines whether links between consuming media violence and subsequent aggressive and violent behavior exists.
Gun politics.
The effect of gun politics on crime is a controversial research area.
Drugs.
Both legal and illegal drugs are implicated in drug-related crime.
Being an unwanted child.
Children whose parents did not want to have a child are more likely to grow to be delinquents or commit crimes.
Such children are also less likely to succeed in school, and are more likely to live in poverty. They also tend to have lower mother-child relationship quality. Children whose births were unintended are likely to be less mentally and physically healthy during childhood.
Biosocial criminology.
Biosocial criminology is an interdisciplinary field that aims to explain crime and antisocial behavior by exploring both biological factors and environmental factors. While contemporary criminology has been dominated by sociological theories, biosocial criminology also recognizes the potential contributions of fields such as genetics, neuropsychology, and evolutionary psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="31235966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31235966" title="Miyako Junior College">
Miyako Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="31236001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236001" title="2011–12 Sydney FC season">
2011–12 Sydney FC season

The 2011–12 season will be Sydney FC's seventh consecutive season in the Hyundai A-League since its foundation season in 2005–2006. The club will not compete in the 2011 AFC Champions League after failing to qualify during the previous season. The 2011–12 season also marks a new chapter in the history of the A-League, with new kit manufacturers for all teams. Reebok had held the rights to jersey manufacturing rights for the first six A-League seasons. Sydney FC announced Adidas as their new kit maker.
2011–12 A-League squad.
Players included in a Sydney FC squad in the 2010–11 season
2011–12 Hyundai A-League.
†The Round 9 fixture against the Brisbane Roar was moved from the Sydney Football Stadium to Jubilee Oval due to an Eminem concert being held at the Sydney Football Stadium on the same day 
†The Round 10, regional fixture against Perth Glory was postponed until further notice, due to the Perth squad unable to leave Perth Airport due to bad weather. 
Statistics.
Disciplinary record.
"Correct as of Round 14"
Home Crowds.
†The Round 9 fixture against the Brisbane Roar was moved from the Sydney Football Stadium to Jubilee Oval due to an Eminem concert being held at the Sydney Football Stadium on the same day . 

</doc>
<doc id="31236094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236094" title="New economic order">
New economic order

The NEO typology (NEO = new economic order) is a population classification developed by Ross Honeywill. It is widely regarded as the determining economic framework of post-industrial countries.
The classification breaks into two broad types, derived from a multi-dimensional scored approach using the automatic interaction detector method (AID) across 70 determining factors:
In addition to these two main groups is the Evolving Economic Order. This group comprises about the same proportion of adults as NEOs. They are similar to NEOs in values and attitudes but may not have the spending behavior to automatically qualify them as NEOs. Typically they are included in the New Economic Order classification.
Based on evidence from more than 800,000 respondents over 15 years, the New Economic Order is an ascendant economic force.
Application.
The NEO typology has been embedded by 8 of the "Forbes Top 20" corporations in Australia; major banks in Europe, and underpins the Crowdspending project in North America. Specifically, the NEO typology has been used by brands including Qantas, Telstra, David Jones, Lexus, Sony, Westpac Broking, Moët-Hennessy, National Australia Bank, Tourism Victoria, Yahoo!, Fosters, Macquarie Bank, Energex, TXU Energy, among others.
Methodology.
Application of social theory, including work on Social intelligence, represents a major shift away from the traditional orthodoxy of demography and socio-economics as predictor variables of an economic trajectory.
The NEO typology uses standard psychographics (values, attitudes & behaviors) + a statistical discriminant model (SDM) using multivariate modeling (to characterize the differences between social types) + a spending propensity model (SPM) to identify the respective economic impact of each social type.
In short it uses a directed, multi-dimensional approach to:
(1) identify total discretionary spending by quartiles; 
(2) Identify the specific characteristics significant to top & bottom quartile;
(3) Select characteristics with highest discrimination between the two quartiles; 
(4) Select and test final definition set
- Verify that the final set of variables are individually valid and meaningful when used in combination (proxies for originals) 
- Create frequency distributions (deciles) for all responses;
(5) Refine scoring protocols 
- Ensure that non-discretionary spending and activity levels are defined for each question (e.g., household services)
- Verify the contribution of a question to the overall result against economy-wide statistics (e.g., proportion of household services category in overall discretionary spending)
- Allocate an aggregated score to each individual based on their combined response to all questions in each category (spending and attitudes)
Defined by 133 broad factors in the original (1999) algorithm, developed at KPMG, and now by 60 attitudinal and behavioral factors + 10 discretionary spending factors, the NEO typology is a complex model with each social type scored at 5% increments (each has 20 scores). The social types are developed using the automatic interaction detector method (AID). This method indicates the combinations of characteristics which best predict, describe or explain the membership of a defined target group. The AID procedure uses a chi-square test to split customers into groups based on the best predictor variable, and the resulting score is based on actual incidences of response not an assumed or forced relationship (e.g., regression).
Operating at a societal level, this is an epi-segmentation model sitting above market segmentations produced at an enterprise level.
Law of Elective Consumption.
NEOs dominate elective consumption in developed economies, obeying the Law of Elective Consumption: "The majority of elective consumption in any economy is delivered by that minority of the population in the desire economy whose behavior is determined by progressive social attitudes."
New Economic Order and Society.
NEOs are largely metropolitan dwellers, with more of them living in inner urban areas than anywhere else - these include San Francisco, Portland (Oregon), Melbourne (Australia), London, Vancouver and Boston.
Forty-five per cent of NEOs are women and 55 per cent are men; and while NEOs range over all age groups, they tend to be younger than Traditionals. NEOs exceed the national average in every profile between age 20 and age 50, while Traditionals exceed the national average in every profile above age 50.
Half of all people with a university degree are NEOs; when compared with Traditionals, four times the number of NEOs have degrees. They are as committed to learning a living as they are to earning a living.
NEOs are most likely to be in professional or management occupations, and earn more than the rest of society. Specifically, they dominate every income category above $45,000 a year, and are five times more likely than anyone else to earn in excess of $100,000 a year. 
NEOs spend more … and more frequently … than anyone else. Ninety-three percent of NEOs are in the Big Spender category, compared to only 4 per cent of Traditionals.
Genetic Determinism.
These findings parallel other international studies including the work done in 2005 by John Alford at Rice University, Houston, Texas. Alford and his colleagues found that only 11 per cent of any variance is due to early childhood socialization, including parental influence.
Elsewhere, psychologists have found that people with conservative attitudes demonstrate more structured and persistent cognitive styles, whereas those with liberal views are more responsive to informational complexity, change and new experiences. David Amodio, from New York University’s psychology department reported that, “conservatives (Traditionals) have been found to be more structured and persistent in their judgments and approaches to decision-making, as indicated by higher average scores on psychological measures of personal needs for order, structure and closure. Liberals (NEOs), by contrast, report higher tolerance of ambiguity and complexity, and greater openness to new experiences on psychological measures.”
The NEO typology reveals that people in society with very conservative social attitudes(Traditionals) are also highly resistant to change, risk-averse, introverted, and more likely to participate in organised religion. In short, they lack trust and are motivated by a need to impose order on a world running hopelessly out of their control. Conversely, people with very progressive social attitudes (NEOs) are open to change, willing to take calculated risks, are outgoing, and unlikely to have anything to do with organised religion. They eschew order, trust change and embrace new experiences.
These very different NEO and Traditional personality traits have genetic origins; a view that correlates with John Alford’s study. Alford analysed two decades of work in behavioral genetics and found that specific social attitudes have a direct link to genetic inheritance. Identical twins, sharing identical genomes, are significantly more likely than non-identical twins to give the same response to core personality or social questioning. Genetic determinism is the only explanation.
Different gene variants produce profoundly different social responses. The gene D4DR, for example, leads to higher levels of the neurotransmitter dopamine which is in turn linked to the need to impose order on the world. Traditional personalities are therefore likely to be genetically hard-wired to attempt order in an otherwise chaotic world.
Books.
Books on the NEO typology have been published in North America, Australia, New Zealand and mainland China, and are sold internationally on Amazon:

</doc>
<doc id="31236095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236095" title="Dominique Jolin">
Dominique Jolin

Dominique Jolin was born in Chibougamau, Quebec, Canada in 1964. She is the French Canadian author of "Toopy and Binoo", a popular children's television show. Toopy is a large size mouse who shares his creative imagination with his small silent cat friend, Binoo. Dominique's original books were written in French and titled "Toupie et Binou". 
The "Toupie et Binou" books were originally published in English as "Washington and Deecee", although the names "Toopy and Binoo" were retained for the television adaptation. A book published in 2001 titled "Little Red Washington" was also published using the same cover image with brighter colors and titled "Little Red Toopy" in 2007. Both books are published by Dominique & Friends.

</doc>
<doc id="31236109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236109" title="Chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference">
Chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference

The Chairman/Chairwoman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference () is the leader of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (National CPPCC), which is a political advisory body in the People's Republic of China. The current Chairman is Yu Zhengsheng, who is also a member of the CPC Politburo Standing Committee.
Multiple terms in office, consecutive or otherwise, are listed and counted in the first column counts individuals and the second column ("term number").

</doc>
<doc id="31236130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236130" title="Siddonsburg, Pennsylvania">
Siddonsburg, Pennsylvania

Siddonsburg is an unincorporated community in Monaghan Township, York County, Pennsylvania, United States. The community is located in about 2 miles south of Messiah College.

</doc>
<doc id="31236136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236136" title="Michael Letwin">
Michael Letwin

Michael Letwin (born 1956) is a public defender in Brooklyn, New York.
He is Co-Convener of New York City Labor Against the War (NYCLAW]); a founding member of Labor for Palestine and former President of the Association of Legal Aid Attorneys. In the 1970s, he was a leader of the Red Tide, a newspaper and youth organization which he cofounded in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="31236154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236154" title="Watseka Wonder">
Watseka Wonder

Watseka Wonder is the name given to the alleged spiritual possession of fourteen-year-old Lurancy Vennum of Watseka, Illinois in the late 19th century.
Lurancy Vennum.
Mary Lurancy Vennum was born in 1864 near Watseka, Illinois. In the summer of 1877 she suffered a series of epileptic fits, often lapsing into unconsciousness. After awakening, she told her family that she had been to heaven, had seen angels, and had visited her younger brother and sister who had died before her. As Vennum's fits became more frequent, physicians advised there was nothing more they could do, and by January 1878 it was decided she should be placed in an insane asylum. A neighbor and devout Spiritist Asa B. Roff convinced Vennum's parents not to commit her, and instead to call in a physician who was himself a Spiritist, E. Winchester Stevens.
Spiritist investigation.
In 1878, physician and Spiritist E. Winchester Stevens examined Vennum. Stevens accounts were published in the leading Spiritist journal of the time, The Religio-Philosophical Journal, and later in an 1887 book entitled "The Watseka Wonder" in which he described Vennum as "the most remarkable case of spirit return and manifestation ever recorded in history." According to Stevens, Vennum's character would change suddenly, from morose and sullen, to "mystic and imaginary trances" in which she described joyous trips to heaven and visits with angels. According to Stevens, Vennum often spoke in different voices and became several different people, including an old woman named Katrina Hogan and a young man named Willie Canning. Stevens claims she remembered the names of several people who had died and had possessed her body, and later chose to be possessed by the soul of Asa Roff's deceased daughter, Mary Roff. Psychic researcher Richard Hodgson of the American Society for Psychical Research was also convinced that Vennum was possessed by Roff's spirit.
According to Stevens and Hodgson, Vennum allowed Mary Roff to possess her body for about fifteen weeks during which time she could allegedly recognize all Roff's friends and relatives, was familiar with all of the objects in the Roff home, and could retell incidents and stories from Roff's childhood and her past life. Convinced that Vennum was a reincarnation of their daughter, the Roff family allowed the girl to live with them for several weeks. Stevens wrote that when Vennum later married, Roff's spirit supposedly inhabited Vennum, resulting in a painless childbirth for her.
Critics.
Upon reviewing the case, psychologist Frank Sargent Hoffman regarded Vennum as "a typical case of hysterical impersonation" and wrote that there was no evidence Vennum had knowledge she could not have obtained by normal means. Hoffman wrote that the grieving Roff family "did everything in their power" to encourage Vennum "that she was their Mary." Journalist Henry Addington Bruce characterized Vennum as "unduly suggestible", saying that "it may safely be declared that the phenomena manifested through Lurancy Vennum were not a whit more other-worldly than the phenomena produced by tricksters whom Hodgson himself so skillfully and mercifully exposed." Bruce wrote that recurrences of the "Mary personality" appeared "only when the Roff's paid her visits, and that they ceased entirely upon her marriage to a man not interested in spiritism and her removal to a distant part of the country."
Film adaptation & Play.
A 2009 movie," The Possessed", was produced by The Booth Brothers, Christopher Saint Booth and Philip Adrian Booth, that recounts the story of the Watseka case by "Spooked Television" to appear on the SyFy Channel. Since then, the film has aired on The Chiller Channel on June 10, 2012, owned by the same network of channels as SyFy.
A fictional play based on the case, "Before I Wake", has also been produced and staged in 1986. It was written by William Wesbrooks, focusing on the Roffs who are mentioned as being the writer's Great-Great-Grandparents. The Play was reviewed as a Thriller by "the New York Times".

</doc>
<doc id="31236158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236158" title="Feb 9 Killer">
Feb 9 Killer

Feb 9 Killer is the alias of a suspected serial killer believed to be responsible for the 2006 murder of Sonia Mejia and her unborn baby and 2008 murder of Damiana Castillo in Salt Lake County, Utah. The murders were committed on the same day, February 9, hence the alias.
Investigation.
In 2009, the unsolved murders of Sonia Mejia in Taylorsville and Damiana Castillo in West Valley City were linked through DNA analysis. The corresponding police departments concurrently released a description of the perpetrator as a Hispanic male in his late teens or early 20s. An eight man task force was then formed.
As of 2011, the case is classified as a cold case.

</doc>
<doc id="31236159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236159" title="Strinestown, Pennsylvania">
Strinestown, Pennsylvania

Strinestown is an unincorporated community in York County, Pennsylvania, United States.
There is a Wendy's and a Rutters Gas Station located in the heart of Strinestown.

</doc>
<doc id="31236177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236177" title="Bayi Town">
Bayi Town

Bayi Town ( could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31236190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236190" title="Morning Glories">
Morning Glories

Morning Glories is a comic book series published by Image Comics. Described by writer Nick Spencer as ""Runaways" meets "Lost"," the series focuses on six "brilliant but troubled" new recruits at Morning Glory Academy, a prestigious prep school hiding "sinister and deadly" secrets. Featuring interior art by Joe Eisma and cover art by Rodin Esquejo, the series debuted in August 2010.
Publication history.
Though sharing qualities with other long form, high-concept mysteries, writer Spencer points out that Morning Glories was launched with a planned run of about 100 issues and a definite ending. The first pages of the debut, Spencer says, will "completely prove that we knew what we were doing from the get go." The series found commercial success from its inception, with four printings of the first issue alone. The first volume of the Tradepaperback-Edition (containing issues 1-6) sold 10,000 copies in a month. Critical success is abundant as well, with IGN calling the first issue "one of the most engrossing...in recent memory" and noting that Spencer is "determined to make the rest of the comic book world stand up and take notice."
Premise.
The series takes place almost exclusively at the fictional Morning Glory Academy, an exclusive boarding school for teenagers. Beneath its placid facade, the school is actually involved in the murder and torture of students as well as various investigations into occult and supernatural phenomena. The main action focuses on six students from diverse backgrounds as they enter Morning Glory Academy and try to survive.
Characters.
Students.
The six main characters are all new students at the Morning Glory Academy:
Casey.
Casey Blevins, is a smart, beautiful, blonde student from Chicago, Illinois. Casey is the only one of the six protagonists who does not come from a broken home in some manner. Her parents loved her and gave her affection, especially her father, a former soldier, who taught the tomboyish Casey various survival skills including boxing and how to construct tear gas. When she enters Morning Glory Academy, her parents refuse to cut off contact with her and are murdered by the administration. After this Casey determines to resist and "burn this place to the ground." She appears to be the most academically gifted of the students and shows a real flair for leadership, easily organizing her fellow inductees around her. She has so far been protected from official reprisal by orders of Morning Glory's mysterious Headmaster.
"There's a very maternal aspect to Casey's character, a kind of 'beyond her years' thing in terms of responsibility that makes her want to hold this group together and make sure they're safe. At the same time, I think she's like a lot of those kids you see getting straight A's and doing all the right things, in that she may be pushing herself a bit too hard and taking on too much."
Zoe.
Zoe is an Indian-American student who embodies the stereotype of the popular and mean cheerleader. In her previous school, Zoe had numerous boyfriends all of whom believe that she loved them. Initially her concerns in Morning Glory Academy seem to be a continuation of her previous obsessions with cute boys and popularity. She expresses annoyance with the other students, particularly with the earnestness of Casey and the moodiness of Jade. With the boys, she is disdainful of Ike's crude pickup lines and disdainful of Hunter's lack of status. As the series progresses a darker, and more murderous side to Zoe is seen and it is hinted that she may have a deeper connection to the events at Morning Glory Academy.
"She's not a bad person person, but she's someone who's gotten used to living in the rarified air that is being beautiful and smart. She's very driven and tends to view the people around her within the context of how much they can help her reach her goals - especially guys."
Hunter.
Hunter is the comic book loving, pop-culture savvy son of a single father. Seen by others as largely a non-entity, Hunter is not especially good looking or smart, and has a quirk where he is unable to read clocks or hear their alarms. Hunter can never seem to be on time when something important is happening. Early on he develops an attraction to Casey, but through various quirks of fate is unable to actually go on a date with her. 
"Hunter is like a lot of people who grew up in a broken home - he took to pop culture and his own imagination as a way of coping with the world around him. He's eternally well-intentioned and optimistic in ways that often come back around to bite him in the ass."
Ike.
Ike is a rich and entitled student from a privileged Manhattan background. As a teenager he was accused, but eventually acquitted of, murdering his father. A deceptive and manipulative delinquent, Ike claims to care only for himself and brags about his experience in challenging authority. He quickly falls out with the other students after he betrays them to the administration in order to gain more privileges.
"He comes from a very privileged but strange upbringing and he's got a bad reputation. He's the ultimate opportunist and happily inhabits a very sinful, very troublesome life. He's a schemer."
Jun.
Jun is a very serious student from Japan. In some ways the most straightforwardly heroic student, Jun befriends Hunter and quickly joins in Casey's plans against the school. It is eventually revealed that Jun has an identical twin brother Hisao, who has been a student at Morning Glory Academy for years and that Jun has infiltrated the school with the intent of rescuing his brother. It is later revealed that he is actually Hisao, and that Jun had taken his place before he was supposed to be taken to the academy. Jun had been sent to infiltrate Morning Glory Academy by a group opposed to the Academy's mission. Jun is one of several students sent to infiltrate the Academy, including his boyhood crush Guillaume. 
"He's a very serious, very direct person who isn't playing around. And yes, when he needs to, he can definitely kick your ass, so it's probably best not to put him in that position. There's a lot Jun isn't telling us. [...] He seems to know more about The Academy than they do."
Jade.
Jade Ellsworth is a young emo student from the Midwest. Raised by a single father, Jade was moody and emotional even before arriving at Morning Glory Academy. This was exacerbated when, shortly after arriving, her father claimed to not know who she was. Depressed, Jade attempts suicide and is put in the custody of the school nurse who performs a mysterious experiment on her. During this experiment, and during a subsequent suicide attempt, Jade has an out of body experience where she travels both to the past as well as to her own future, meeting an adult version of herself who is apparently involved with Morning Glory Academy in some way.
"She's from a very traditional small town where everyone seems to think and act differently from her. [...] She's been through a lot in her life so far, a lot of personal tragedy, and it's certainly done a great deal to shape the way she looks at the people around her."
Faculty.
Though the dark forces at work behind the academy are still largely mysterious, a few villains have emerged:
Miss Daramount.
Miss Daramount is the main teacher who the students interact with. While on the surface she is a traditional strict schoolteacher she is actually a murderous and manipulative villain.
Mister Gribbs.
Mister Gribbs is the other primary teacher in the early issues of the book. He often acts as the muscle for Miss Daramount. He will sometimes engage in violence personally and often advocates a more direct and confrontational approach than Daramount does.
Nine.
The school nurse, Nine's job seems to consist mostly of conducting experiments on the living students and autopsies on dead ones.
Miss Hodge.
The sister of Miss Daramount, Miss Hodge is the school guidance counselor and appears more supportive of, and loved by, the students. She claims to be a metaphorical prisoner of the school just as the students are literal prisoners and offers help to Casey in escaping. However, her proclaimed allegiance to the students may be a falsehood.
The Headmaster.
Father to both Miss Hodge and Miss Daramount, the headmaster is the mysterious head of the school.
Story Arcs.
For a Better Future (#1-6).
Six students, Casey, Zoe, Jade, Jun, Hunter and Ike are granted entrance into the prestigious boarding school Morning Glory Academy. After arriving and orientation, Jade tries to contact her parents, but her father claims to not have a daughter. Distressed, she confides in Casey who investigates the matter. Casey then discovers the academy has killed her parents. The faculty apprehends Casey where they ask her the same question over and over: “Whose theorem established that reality must be non-local?” Casey refuses to answer and is thrown into detention where she finds the other five students also there for various reasons. The faculty floods the classroom. Jade attempts to kill herself. The water level nears the top of ceiling when Casey shouts out the answer to the question posed to her earlier. The water is drained and the faculty takes Jade to the infirmary. 
When Jade is not seen or heard from for days, Casey comes to believe that the school is going to kill her and hatches a plan with the other four students to save her friend. Ike betrays Casey’s plan to the faculty, and Daramount, with some thugs, arrives to stop the students. Casey and Zoe flee the scene, while Hunter is knocked unconscious. Miss Daramount catches the two girls and leads them back to their dorm, where, much to Daramount’s surprise, Jade is waiting for them. Casey had factored in Ike’s betrayal. While Casey and Zoe were running from the faculty, Jun had infiltrated Daramount’s thugs, took the “unconscious” Hunter to the infirmary and the two of them sprung Jade free. Gribbs threatens Casey with bodily harm if she ever pulls something like this again
Issue #6 is set in what appears to be the future. A red-headed woman offers a scientist, on the run for murder, a place to continue her research on a mysterious device at Morning Glory Academy. This red-headed woman is revealed to be an older version of Jade.
All Will Be Free (#7-12).
This arc focuses on one particular character for each issue.
Zoe.
A man named Abraham visits India on the hunt for a special child. He finds a young Zoe and she greets Abraham as an old friend and hints that she knew he was coming, implying some sort of psychic ability. 
In present times, Zoe looks to join the cheerleading squad at MGA. A flashback to her life reveal that Zoe used to be on a cheerleading squad at her old school with a close friend. During a practice, a teacher reprimands Zoe's friend for not completing her homework and instructs her to drop it off before 5. Later, Zoe is leaving practice when she finds the teacher attempting to rape her friend. She rushes to her aid by hitting him in the head in with a book and he falls and strikes his head on the edge of a desk, killing him. Her friend then confesses that they were really lovers and they were merely 'playing'. Zoe, outraged, yells at her to help burn the body. Back in the present, Zoe heads to the midnight initiation ceremony for the squad, where through a series of questions she has to answer truthfully, she confesses that she killed the teacher and destroyed the body. The head cheerleader reports back to Daramount this information. As the cheerleader leaves, a figure stalks her and stabs her. The killer is revealed to be Zoe.
Hunter.
A young Hunter, running late in meeting his dad, is saved from an oncoming truck by Abraham. He gives Hunter a watch so that he can keep track of time.
Back in present day, Hunter asks Casey out on a picnic date, and after some hesitation, she accepts. Excited, Hunter dances through the halls and bumps into an Australian student, Chad, knocking his books askew. Chad seems not to mind and tells Hunter to just pay attention next time. Hunter dresses for his date and asks Jun to please remind him when to leave. A flashback reveals that for important appointments, Hunter is always late because he cannot hear the alarms he sets and the clock always reads 8:13. Hunter heads for his date and is jumped by Chad who apparently is now angry about the earlier altercation. Hunter pleads with Jun who is passing by for help, but Jun screams at Hunter, "What did you just call me?!" and punches Hunter across the face knocking him unconscious. Jun, Chad and another boy tie Hunter up, pull a hood over his face, and drag him to the greenhouse. Hunter awakens to hear his assailants being stabbed. Meanwhile, Casey has arrived by the tree for her date with Hunter, but leaves after waiting for him until the sun sets. Jun finds, unties, and explains to Hunter that it was his brother who attacked him.
Jun.
Five years previously, Gribbs and Daramount come to pick up both Jun and his twin brother Hisao for Morning Glory Academy. While the boys are getting ready, their mother mentions to Daramount that Hisao and Jun were born 30 minutes apart unlike what their birth certificates report. Daramount proclaims that they now can only take Hisao. Their mother argues that she will not let them split up the brothers. Jun runs downstairs to see that Daramount has ordered Gribbs to strangle their mother. She orders Gribbs to ignore Jun and grab Hisao. Jun runs upstairs and switches shirts with Hisao so that he can take his place. They take Jun unknowingly and light the house on fire. Abraham arrives and helps Hisao escape from the burning home. 
Prior to the events of issue 3, Hisao confronts Jun. Hisao has been brainwashed and no longer loves his brother and actually thinks he is Hisao. Jun tries to convince his brother that he is here to save him, but this only angers Hisao. Gribbs arrives, and breaks up the two brothers.
Jade.
Jade dreams of a destroyed city, a laboratory, her mother's death and a French aristocrat. Casey wakes her for school, and when Hunter tries to explain to Casey why he was late for their date, but she says that with the current state of affairs, she doesn't think they should go out. Jade and Casey head to class, where the teacher lectures on how to make a hangman's noose and asks the class if anyone can demonstrate how to use one. Jade volunteers and hangs herself. Jade is transported to a room where the older Jade is waiting for her. They discuss Casey, Hunter, Ike and Jade's dreams. The older Jade instructs her not to tell anyone what she saw, except for the shooting stars overhead. Jade awakens in the infirmary and tells Nine that all she saw were silver streaks in the sky.
Ike.
A year previously Ike sits over a dead man bleeding on the floor. Abraham tells Ike that he needs to leave and to follow the plan.
In the present, Gribbs approaches Ike with a proposition. Ike will be set free from the Academy if Ike kills someone for him. Ike ponders the offer, but decides to decline because he has no desire to be set free. However, Daramount convinces him to reconsider by seducing him. Gribbs leads Ike down to the basement to the man he must kill, revealed to be Abraham. Ike greets him, acknowledging him as his father.
Hodge.
Hodge, Daramount's sister is introduced. All of the students greet Hodge as if one of their favorite teachers. Hodge learns of the killings at the school and confronts Daramount, who is revealed to be her sister. She learns the headmaster is upset with Daramont. Hodge then meets with the six new students. She gives Zoe a revolver telling her she'll need it, but that she wouldn't hold someone hostage, telling her that she is not a killer. She approaches Hisao who seems to know her but does not wish to talk. She gives Jade pills to help stop her nightmares. She tells Hunter that she can help with his condition, saying it is all in his file. Surprisingly, she reveals the file is all empty papers and asks him: "How do you suppose that works?" Finally, She finds Casey down where her parents were hung. Hodge tries to comfort her, but Casey hits her. Before she hits her again, Hodge offers her a way to bring her parents back.
P.E..
Casey receives a letter from Miss Hodge and, with Jade, frantically tries to find Hunter. However, they are interrupted by the announcement of "Woodrun", a sort of scavenger hunt in the woods around the school. Students are sorted into teams of three with Ike joining Casey and Jade. Hunter is sorted into a group with Zoe, who is angry at him for his hurtful comments to her, and a distracted seeming Jun. As the students begin Woodrun, Casey leads her team to a hidden cave where they find Miss Hodge waiting. Miss Hodge explains that she is going to help Casey escape, but that the process may not go entirely right because Hunter was supposed to be there. While Ike and Jade watch, she and Casey go sit in a pair of seats below them and watch shadows cast on a wall. Eventually, they disappear. Casey discovers that she and Miss Hodge have been sent into her own past, to when she was a child and her father was the military commander of a mysterious base. Captured by the military, Miss Hodge breaks them out by hypnotizing the guards, something she also instructs Casey on how to do. While Hodge returns to Morning Glory Academy, Casey is left to wait until she can try and save her fellow students. 
Meanwhile, the sky over Morning Glory Academy suddenly goes from day to night. The students and faculty seem separated into two different realities where the other group has disappeared from the school. Jun abandons Hunter and Zoe, who achieve one of the scavenger hunt items. Hunter then has an encounter with a geeky girl who seems romantically interested in him. However, that night, after an angry conversation with him, Zoe murders the girl. When Hunter sees the attack, Zoe tries to kill him too, but is shot by the leader of a mysterious group of students. A flashback shows Jun being trained in military matters by Abraham at a desert camp. A number of other children at the camp are selected to be sent to Morning Glory Academy, including Guillaume, who says goodbye by kissing Jun. In the present, Jun reunites with Guillaume at the school and the two have sex. Guillaume then informs Jun about the others sent to infiltrate the school. Another flashback shows the childhood of Miss Hodge and Miss Daramount. Their initially loving relationship as children turns sour when Hodge becomes their father's apparent favorite. One night, a student from Morning Glory Academy awakens the young Lara Hodge and takes her to the cave in the woods. The student, Vanessa, says that Miss Hodge has sent her from the future where Hodge is the student's ally against the Academy leadership. However, the young Miss Hodge murders Vanessa and offers her up as proof of loyalty to her father. As the first students arrive at Morning Glory Academy, Miss Hodge explains to her governess that while Miss Daramount, who has been selected to run the school, will be hated by the students, she will control them through love. In the present she explains to her sister that she has weakened the rebellious students by tricking Casey into abandoning them.
Collected editions.
The series has been released in trade paperbacks (TPB) and "Deluxe Edition" hardcovers (HC). Detailed information of the releases is listed below.
In other media.
The success of the series has sparked interest from development studios for both television and film, according to its creators. Artist Eisma states that he and writer Spencer are "currently in talks with certain interested parties," but offers no more specific details. Spencer indicates that at this point, there is no "tentative schedule fans can expect" regarding any future adaptations.

</doc>
<doc id="31236220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236220" title="Davidsburg, Pennsylvania">
Davidsburg, Pennsylvania

Davidsburg is an unincorporated community in York County, Pennsylvania, United States. Davidsburg is located in Dover Township, 3 miles west of Weigelstown.

</doc>
<doc id="31236232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236232" title="James Alexander Henshall">
James Alexander Henshall

James Alexander Henshall (February 29, 1836 - April 4, 1925) was an author on fishing. He was known as the "apostle of the black bass". His book "Bass, Pike, Perch and other Game Fishes of America" (1903) is part of the American Sportsman's Library.
Biography.
He was born on February 29, 1836 in Baltimore, Maryland to James Gershom Henshall and Clarissa Holt. He married Hester Stansbury Ferguson on June 9, 1854. He died on April 4, 1925 in Cincinnati, Ohio.Author of "Camping and Cruising in Florida", Robt. Clarke and Co. 1884

</doc>
<doc id="31236248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236248" title="Stationary orbit">
Stationary orbit

In celestial mechanics, the term stationary orbit refers to an orbit around a planet or moon where the orbiting satellite or spacecraft remains orbiting over the same spot on the surface. From the ground, the satellite would appear to be standing still, hovering above the surface in the same spot, day after day.
In practice, this is accomplished by matching the rotation of the surface below, by reaching a particular altitude where the orbital speed almost matches the rotation below, in an equatorial orbit. As the speed decreases slowly, then an additional boost would be needed to increase the speed back to a matching speed, or a retro-rocket could be fired to slow the speed when too fast. 
The stationary-orbit region of space is known as the Clarke Belt, named after British science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke, who published the idea in "Wireless World" magazine in 1945. A stationary orbit is sometimes referred to as a "fixed orbit".
Stationary Earth orbit.
Around the Earth, stationary satellites orbit at altitudes of approximately . Writing in 1945, the science-fiction author Arthur C. Clarke imagined communications satellites as travelling in stationary orbits, where those satellites would travel around the Earth at the same speed the globe is spinning, making them hover stationary over one spot on the Earth's surface.
A satellite being propelled into place, into a stationary orbit, is first fired to a special equatorial orbit called a "geostationary transfer orbit" (GTO). Within this oval-shaped (elliptical) orbit, the satellite will alternately swing out to high and then back down to an altitude of only above the Earth (223 times closer). Then, at a planned time and place, an attached "kick motor" will push the satellite out to maintain an even, circular orbit at the 22,300-mile altitude.

</doc>
<doc id="31236255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236255" title="Seidman College of Business">
Seidman College of Business

The Seidman College of Business is an American business school operated by Grand Valley State University. The college is named after Francis E. Seidman, one of the principal founders of the BDO Seidman accounting firm and the father of businessman (and later FDIC Chairman) L. William Seidman, who helped found GVSU. The college is located at GVSU's Pew Grand Rapids campus in downtown Grand Rapids.
It offers bachelor's and master's degrees with several degree options. The college is a part of The Washington Campus which is a consortium of business schools that was established by L. William Seidman in 1978.
History.
The Seidman College of Business began in 1970 as the School of Business and Economics. In 1973, through a generous donation by the Seidman Family Foundation, the F.E. Seidman Graduate College was formed. Seidman expanded again in 1979 when the undergraduate and graduate programs were merged into one place, the Seidman College. After a university restructuring, Seidman College was renamed the Seidman School of Business in 1983. Finally, in July 2004, Seidman was given its current title, the Seidman College of Business.
Programs.
U.S. News & World Report lists Seidman as a "Best Undergraduate Business Program" as well as ranking the Part-time MBA.
Seidman College offers students graduate programs in Master of Business Administration (MBA), Master of Science in Accounting (MSA), and Master of Science in Taxation (MST). It also offers undergraduate programs in accounting, business economics, general business, finance, international business, management, marketing, and supply chain management.
L. William Seidman Center.
Beginning in the spring of 2011, the University broke ground on the $40 million L. William Seidman Center, named after one of the principal founders of GVSU, Bill Seidman. The center will house the Seidman College of Business in its entirety along with all of its outreach programs. The building will be four stories tall, consist of 110,000 square feet, and will be located on the GVSU Pew campus in downtown Grand Rapids. $25 million of the building is being funded with private donations, with the principal donor for the center being Richard DeVos, as well as other significant donors: Donald Rumsfeld and Henry Kissinger.

</doc>
<doc id="31236273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236273" title="Søren Tobias Årstad">
Søren Tobias Årstad

Søren Tobias Årstad (2 June 1861 – 11 January 1928) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Liberal Party.
Personal life.
Årstad was born in Stavanger as a son of merchant Edvard Årstad and his wife Signe Amalie Torjusen. He was a first cousin of Wilhelm Aarstad. He married Barbro Cecilie Rasmussen in 1890.
Career.
Årstad finished his secondary education in 1879 and graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1885. After some time as junior solicitor in Risør he settled as an attorney in Stavanger in 1885. He was elected to the city council, and served as Mayor of Stavanger from 1891 to 1892.
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway from "Stavanger og Haugesund" in 1897, serving until 1900. He then served as Minister of Finance from 1900 to 1901, member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm until 1902, then Minister of Justice and the Police until October 1903.
In 1903 he was appointed as the district stipendiary magistrate in Ryfylke District Court. He was elected to Parliament for a second term in 1912, serving until 1915. During this period he also served as vice president and president of the Parliament. He was decorated Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 1901, and Commander, First Class in 1903. He died in January 1928.
The street "Søren Årstads vei" in the borough of Hillevåg, Stavanger, was named after him in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="31236275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236275" title="Ole Fingalf Harbek">
Ole Fingalf Harbek

Ole Fingalf Harbek (né Hansen; 1887 – 1974) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. He was born in Larvik. He served as district stipendiary magistrate in Nedre Romerike from 1936, and in Horten from 1950. In 1940 he was a member of the Administrative Council and led the Ministry of Justice.
He was decorated Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="31236294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236294" title="La viuda joven">
La viuda joven

La viuda joven (English: "The Black Widow"), is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by Venevisión. Created by Martin Hahn, it stars Mariángel Ruiz and Luis Gerónimo Abreu as the protagonists while Verónica Schneider, Astrid Carolina Herrera and Beba Rojas star as the antagonists.
Plot.
"The Young Widow" is about a mysterious woman who has become a celebrity by marrying Baron Von Parker. She has an enormous fortune inherited from her last three husbands. With no known family, the Baroness "Inma Von Parker" is an enigmatic woman of extraordinary beauty that captivates men with incredible magnetism and charm. Her calm personality and self-control give her the ability to handle all situations around her, but also make her a suspect of having murdered her former husbands; however, nobody has ever been able to prove this. "Alejandro" is a police detective of humble origin, with a bright career in the Homicide Unit. Marked by betrayal, "Alejandro" has remained unmarried because of the woman who left him heartbroken.
"Inma Von Parker" is suspected of orchestrating the death of her fourth husband. The press, the "Humboldt" family, and the Police Force are constantly, almost aggressively, seeking any clues that would finally help to clarify the secret of "The Young Widow" and expose her for the murderer that everybody thinks she is. The case is assigned to detective "Alejandro Abraham". Here the tragic past that both of them share comes to light. Inma sees her salvation in the man who she once loved, but the detective "Abraham" does not feel the same way any more. "Alejandro" is too hurt, so he takes on the case against the woman who unexpectedly disappeared from his life – leaving him waiting at the church's altar during their wedding celebration- promising to get revenge upon her, and reveal her truly evil face to the world. Despite taking several years to get over the incident, ironically, after nine years, Inma reappears just as he meets "Abril Armas", a charming woman who has renewed his life and reawakened in him the hope of making a home.
The crime perpetrated against "Inma Von Parker's" latest husband is a puzzle. Another husband dead. Another case out of which she comes victorious. Everything points to "Inma Von Parker", but there's nothing concrete to incriminate her. Then, several questions rise up in Alejandro's mind, bothering him like a stone in a shoe: is Inmaculada innocent or guilty?.
The Baroness tries to get the detective emotionally wrapped, for she knows that their once great love is also their great enemy. A relationship of love and fear, passion and mistrust. Alejandro is obsessed with finding ways to catch Inmaculada or her accomplice. The detective is about to solve the riddle, but each time a witness can unravel part of the mystery, something happens to them: they vanish, change their minds, or die!
Alejandro has to choose between a passionate love or serene love, a mysterious woman or a devoted wife. Two very different women that will fight a war without truce for the love of the same man.
Characters.
Her given name is Inmaculada Rojas, 28, and she is described as tender beautiful as Spanish porcelain. She is a three-time widow when the story begins. The old German baron Hans Von Parker married her, giving fame, assets and power. Within a year, she becomes a widow, one of the youngest attractive widows in the world. And her sister becomes her bitter enemy. 
Alejandro Abraham is a detective in his 30s. He is manly, sarcastic and self-confident. He devotes himself to his profession. Alejandro is stubborn and is forced to choose between two women who love to him. He lives with his father and sister in a cheap, though very cozy, apartment. He is passionate about justice and he will do his best to catch and punish the criminals. He has never disappointed his father and though he is in love with Inma he aspires to catch and send her to prison.
Abril Armas is a young attractive woman, 28. She is slim and tender. Being a psychologist for the Fund for Women with Premature Pregnancy, she is responsive and kind to her clients. She is the sister of Inma, and protected her until both of them fall in love with the same person. Yet, she always gives a hand to every one in need though she herself lives in a rented apartment.
Vespasiano Calderón is a man in his 60s with good looks. He is a real gentleman and reputed lawyer. He is the head of Murder Investigation Alliance. He is the father of Josué and Sofía Carlota. He is married to Ivana Humboldt whose family is the owner of the Humboldt chocolate factory. He conceals a great secret. Vespasiano Calderón is a very sexual-appealing man who betrays his wife in their own house.
Ivana is an elegant woman in her 40s who is obedient and gentle in appearance, though from inside she is a real devil. She is the sister of Matías Humboldt and mother of Josué and Sofía Carlota. She holds the power of the family and wants to hold everything in her hands as with the chocolate factory. Ivana loves her husband though she is aware he is a womanizer. She prefers dominating and hates being confronted.
Christian Humboldt is quite an attractive and seductive young man in his 30s. He is a very ambitious and confident person. He is intelligent but selfish and he praises his ego. He is too narcissistic to discredit women who are in love with him. He likes to be in the core of events. He is a major villain and has no principles and moral ethics.

</doc>
<doc id="31236318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236318" title="Hurdle technology">
Hurdle technology

Hurdle technology is a method of ensuring that pathogens in food products can be eliminated or controlled. This means the food products will be safe for consumption, and their shelf life will be extended. Hurdle technology usually works by combining more than one approach. These approaches can be thought of as "hurdles" the pathogen has to overcome if it is to remain active in the food. The right combination of hurdles can ensure all pathogens are eliminated or rendered harmless in the final product.
Hurdle technology has been defined by Leistner (2000) as an intelligent combination of hurdles which secures the microbial safety and stability as well as the organoleptic and nutritional quality and the economic viability of food products. The organoleptic quality of the food refers to its sensory properties, that is its look, taste, smell and texture.
Examples of hurdles in a food system are high temperature during processing, low temperature during storage, increasing the acidity, lowering the water activity or redox potential, or the presence of preservatives. According to the type of pathogens and how risky they are, the intensity of the hurdles can be adjusted individually to meet consumer preferences in an economical way, without compromising the safety of the product.
Hurdles.
Each hurdle aims to eliminate, inactivate or at least inhibit unwanted microorganisms. Common salt or organic acids can be used as hurdles to control microbials in food. Many natural antimicrobials such as nisin, natamycin and other bacteriocins, and essential oils derived from rosemary or thyme, also work well.
"Traditionally, fermented seafood products common in Japan, provide a typical example of hurdle technology. Fermentation of sushi employs hurdles that favour growth of desirable bacteria but inhibit the growth of pathogens. The important hurdles in the early stages of fermentation are salt and vinegar. Raw fish is cured in salt (20–30%, w/w) for one month before being desalted and pickled in vinegar. The main target of these hurdles is "C. botulinum". Growth of lactic acid bacteria during fermentation results in acid production from metabolism of added sugars and rice. The result is a pH hurdle important in controlling growth of "C. botulinum"."
Synergistic effects.
There can be significant synergistic effects between hurdles. For example, Gram-positive bacteria include some of the more important spoilage bacteria, such as "Clostridium", "Bacillus" and "Listeria". A synergistic enhancement occurs if nisin is used against these bacteria in combination with antioxidants, organic acids or other antimicrobials. Combining antimicrobial hurdles in an intelligent way means other hurdles can be reduced, yet the resulting food can have superior sensory qualities.

</doc>
<doc id="31236321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236321" title="Centre pénitentiaire de Rennes">
Centre pénitentiaire de Rennes

The Centre pénitentiaire de Rennes is a women's prison of the French Prison Service in Rennes, Brittany, France. It is the largest women's prison in France, and it is the only correctional facility in France exclusively for women. Its operations began in 1878.

</doc>
<doc id="31236322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236322" title="Bindi Bindi, Western Australia">
Bindi Bindi, Western Australia

Bindi Bindi is a small town located between Moora and Wongan Hills in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The town originated as a Western Australian Government Railways siding and was gazetted in 1947. The name is Aboriginal in origin and is the word for stick or skewer with which a coat is hung on to. The doubling of the word is to indicate many of them.
The main industry in town is wheat farming with the town being a Cooperative Bulk Handling receival site.

</doc>
<doc id="31236331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236331" title="Lourdes Benería">
Lourdes Benería

Lourdes Benería (born 1937) is a scholar of feminist economics and professor Emerita at Cornell University's Department of City & Regional Planning. She focuses on issues related to the informal economy, women's work, and gender and development.
Early life.
Lourdes Benería was born in Catalonia, Spain. 
Education.
Beneria received her undergraduate degree from the University of Barcelona in 1961 and a Ph.D. in economics from Columbia University in 1975. 

</doc>
<doc id="31236340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31236340" title="Siege of Tarragona (1811)">
Siege of Tarragona (1811)

In the Siege of Tarragona from 5 May to 29 June 1811, Louis Gabriel Suchet's French Army of Aragon laid siege to a Spanish garrison led by Lieutenant General Juan Senen de Contreras. A British naval squadron commanded by Admiral Edward Codrington harassed the French besiegers with cannon fire and transported large numbers of reinforcements into the city by sea. Nevertheless, Suchet's troops stormed into the defenses and killed or captured almost all the defenders. The action took place at the port of Tarragona on the east coast of Spain during the Peninsular War, part of the Napoleonic Wars. 
Emperor Napoleon offered Suchet a marshal's baton if he could capture Tarragona, so the French general pursued his goal vigorously. He methodically overran the city's outer works as he drove his siege parallels forward. The French general easily fended off weak attempts to relieve the city by land. Near the end of the siege, the French troops captured the lower city in a surprise attack and the garrison's survivors retreated to the upper city. At the end, Suchet's men stormed into the upper city amid scenes of horrific slaughter, including the murder of civilians. The loss of this major base and so many Spanish troops crippled the Army of Catalonia. Napoleon duly awarded Suchet the coveted rank of marshal. 
Results.
One authority gives French losses as 4,300 killed and wounded out of an army of 21,634 men, including General of Division Jean-Baptiste Salme killed. Total Spanish losses numbered between 14,000 and 15,000. Of these, 8,000 were captured and the rest were killed, wounded, or died of disease. During the butchery attending the final assault, the French attackers massacred numerous civilians including 450 women and children. A second authority asserts that total Spanish losses were 15,000, of whom 7,000 were killed outright. French losses are given as 1,000 killed and 3,000 wounded or sick.

</doc>
