<doc id="30953015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953015" title="2011 Wisconsin protests">
2011 Wisconsin protests

The 2011 Wisconsin protests were a series of demonstrations in the state of Wisconsin in the United States beginning in February involving at its zenith as many as 100,000 protestors opposing the 2011 Wisconsin Act 10, also called the ""Wisconsin budget repair bill"". Subsequently, anti-tax activists and other conservatives, including Tea Party advocates, launched small pockets of counter protests. The protests centered on the Wisconsin State Capitol in Madison, with satellite protests also occurring at other municipalities throughout the state. Demonstrations took place at various college campuses, including the University of Wisconsin–Madison and the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. After the collective bargaining bill was upheld by the Wisconsin Supreme Court on June 14, the number of protesters declined to about 1,000 within a couple days.
The protests were a major driving force of multiple recall elections including state senators in 2011 and 2012, Governor Scott Walker in 2012 and a contentious Wisconsin Supreme Court election in 2011.
Background.
Wisconsin was the first state in the United States to provide collective bargaining rights to public employees in 1959. In American labor unions, most members had previously worked in the private sector. This has now shifted whereby the majority of union members work in the public sector, particularly for states and cities. In 1960, 31.9% of the private work force belonged to a union, compared to 10.8% of public workers. By 2010, 36.2% of public workers were in unions compared to 6.9% in the private sector. This increase in public-employee unionism coincided with the granting of collective bargaining rights to public employees. The growth in state and local government jobs was double the rate of population growth, according to an opinion piece in the "Wall Street Journal". Public employees, which includes most teachers, police officers, city and state officials, depend on tax revenues to fund their pay and benefits. Total union membership for all employees, both public and private, has decreased substantially over the years, with total union membership in 2010 at 11.4%.
When Jim Doyle (D-Wisconsin) was governor (2003–2010), the budget deficits that the state faced were filled three times by taking money from the transportation fund, in amounts totaling $1.257 billion. Subsequently, 53 counties throughout the state passed referendums to prevent government officials from taking money from the transportation fund for use in other projects.
Both Governor Walker and his opponent in the 2010 Governor's race, Tom Barrett, stated that they would not close the budget deficit by taking money from the transportation fund. As a candidate for governor, Walker proposed that state employees pay more toward their pensions saying it would save the state about $180 million a year. Walker was elected as Governor in November 2010.
The Wisconsin state pension plan requires a 6.8% employer contribution and 6.2% from the employee. However, according to collective-bargaining agreements in place since 1996, the districts pay the employees' share as well, for a total of 13%. One district also contributes an additional 4.2% of teacher salaries to cover a second pension and teachers contribute nothing. Under collective-bargaining law at the time, a school district pays the entire premium for medical and vision benefits, and over half the cost of dental coverage using WEA-Trust, a healthcare corporation also owned by the teacher's union, (WEAC) which overcharged the market price of coverage by about 2 million dollars per district Contributions for health insurance of active employees total 38.8% of wages. For private-sector workers nationwide, as of 2011, the average is 10.7%. This is especially the case for teachers in many states, because the eligibility rules of their pension plans often induce them to retire in their 50s, and Medicare does not kick in until age 65. According to David Cay Johnston, Wisconsin state employers currently pay 5% of employee wages into their pension under the principle of "deferred compensation".
In January 2011, the state legislature passed a series of bills providing additional tax cuts and deductions for businesses at “a two-year cost of $67 million”. In early February, the Walker administration projected a budget shortfall in 2013 (Wisconsin functions on two-year budgets) of $3.6 billion and found that a budget repair bill to resolve a $137 million shortfall for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2011, was needed as well.
The Walker-backed bill proposed taking away the ability of public sector unions to bargain collectively over pensions and health care and limiting pay raises of public employees to the rate of inflation, as well as ending automatic union dues collection by the state and requiring public unions to recertify annually. The bargaining changes exempted the unions of public safety officers, including police, firefighters, and state troopers. Walker stated without the cuts, thousands of state workers would have to be laid off.
The protests and demonstrations began following Walker's introduction of Assembly Bill 11 to the Wisconsin State Assembly on February 15, 2011.
Protests.
February.
On Monday, February 14, the University of Wisconsin–Madison's Teaching Assistants Association distributed "We ♥ UW: Don't Break My ♥" Valentine cards to the governor, as a means of protesting the bill's negative impacts on working conditions at the university.
On February 15, tens of thousands of protesters demonstrated in and around the Capitol building in Madison regarding the proposed legislation's limitations on collective bargaining for and against Walker's bill. "Kill the Bill" remained one of the main slogans of the protesters. That same day, union members, students and private-sector citizens took part in public hearings with the senators and representatives from both parties, which lasted 17 hours; some defenders of the bill expressed their position, but the majority of the participants opposed the bill.
By February 16, the number of protesters in front of the Wisconsin State Capitol was estimated at 30,000.
On February 17, about 25,000 people continued the protest. Citing concerns that Republicans were attempting to pass the legislation without scheduling adequate time for public review and debate, Senate Minority Leader Mark Miller led the 14 senate democrats in fleeing the state to prevent the quorum necessary for a vote on the Budget Repair Bill. At the same time, protestors occupied the Senate chambers. On the same day, the protests spread to Columbus, Ohio, where about 3,800 protesters demonstrated against a similar bill to "eliminate collective bargaining" being considered by the Ohio legislature. According to Mike Lux, some protesters in the two states carried Egyptian flags, indicating their Egyptian revolution inspiration. Ed Schultz of MSNBC's "The Ed Show" appeared live outside the Wisconsin State Capitol on February 17 and 18.
On February 18, the AFL-CIO president, Richard Trumka, and other state labor leaders addressed the protest crowd on the Capitol lawn. Trumka asserted that Governor Walker's plan was part of a larger national Republican strategy. The number of protesters in Madison grew to over 70,000 on February 19, including some who supported Walker's plan.
On February 19, 11 faculty members from the University of Wisconsin's School of Medicine and Public Health established a "medical station" at the capitol, and signed sick notes for public employees abandoning their public post in order to protest. This was coordinated through the teacher's union, WEAC and shut down several school districts in the state.
By February 20, protestors had undertaken a physical occupation of the Capitol building, establishing a fully functioning community within the public spaces of the Wisconsin State Capitol, including an information center, a sleeping area, a medic station staffed by members of the Madison Community Wellness Collective, and food stations with food for protestors supplied by local businesses. Protestors also covered the walls of the Capitol with thousands of homemade signs. On February 20, a union organizer participating in the protests said that the protests would continue "as long as it takes". Other union leaders called for teachers to return to work. During this timeframe several members of the teaching and project assistant union of UW-Madison (TAA-Madison) designed and implemented "Defend Wisconsin", a web site to help coordinate rallies, publish video footage by protesters, and relay general information about the bill and protests.
On February 22, 2011 Assembly Republicans began procedures to move the bill to a vote on February 22 while Democrats submitted dozens of amendments and conducted speeches. At 1:00 am on February 25, following sixty hours of debate, the final amendments had been defeated and the Republican leadership of the Wisconsin State Assembly cut off debate as well as the public hearing and moved quickly to pass the budget repair bill in a sudden vote. The vote was 51 in favor and 17 opposed, with 28 representatives not voting. The final vote took place without warning, and the time allowed for voting was so short (lasting only 5–15 s) that fewer than half of the Democratic representatives were able to vote; many reportedly pushed the voting button as hard as possible but it did not register. Four Republican representatives voted against the bill.
Also on February 22, 2011 at 6 pm CST Governor Scott Walker delivered a state address on Collective Bargaining Legislation All commercial radio stations aired this address, however WUWM, Wisconsin Public Radio refused and instead aired a program titled "Across U.S., Unions Fight To Keep Bargaining Rights" with Dr. Richard Hurd who argued public workers are better compensated since they are better educated.
On February 23, 2011, "Buffalo Beast" editor Ian Murphy placed a prank telephone call to Walker claiming to be billionaire David Koch, one of Walker's largest corporate supporters, who is often accused of trying to drive civil service unions out of government. During the 20-minute call, Walker discussed a method of getting the absent Senators to return, that he had considered placing agent provocateurs among the protesters, and that he spoke daily with like-minded Ohio Governor John Kasich. Walker's office later confirmed that the recording of the call was genuine, and stated, "The phone call shows that the Governor says the same thing in private as he does in public and the lengths that others will go to disrupt the civil debate Wisconsin is having." Two local public officials, including Madison Mayor Dave Cieslewicz, expressed concern that Walker's comments could be considered ethics violations.
In the aftermath of the call, Senate Democrats refused requests from Governor Walker to return to Wisconsin and negotiate a compromise. Some characterized their wariness as a consequence of the fake call.
On February 25, following rumors that the Capitol building would be closed and the protesters moved out, the head of the state's largest police union issued a statement urging Governor Walker to keep the Capitol open. Jim Palmer, the executive director of the Wisconsin Professional Police Association, went on to state that his organization stood with the protesters, despite the fact that law enforcement officers were exempt from the budget repair bill's collective bargaining changes. Palmer then called on off-duty officers to sleep in the Capitol that evening. Later that day, the Department of Administration announced that the Capitol building would remain open.
On February 22–23, the public information officer for the Madison Police Department, (whose union was participating in the protests) claimed "almost all" of the protestors were from Wisconsin, while an independent reporter from the "Daily Cardinal" estimated one in four of the protestors were from outside the state.
On February 23, the 14 Senators who fled the Wisconsin Capitol were seen at a hotel near Chicago. On February 26, between 70,000 and 100,000 protested the proposed budget in Madison. They were joined by thousands at state capitals around the nation. Out of state union supporters continued to join the protests to show their support, with hundreds of protesters being bused by New York Teamsters.
Appearing on "Meet the Press" on February 27, Governor Walker said he did not believe the unions were sincere in offering the pension and health care concessions because local unions had recently pushed through contracts with school boards and city councils that did not include contributions to the pensions and health care, and that in one case, the contract actually included a pay increase. On March 8, private emails released showed Walker had, in fact, tried to negotiate with the Democratic legislators for weeks, even conceding some collective bargaining rights. However, unable to reach a compromise with Democratic legislators, Walker removed some fiscal measures from the bill, claiming that allowed passage by simple senate majority. 
On February 27, it was reported by the media that Republican State Senator Dale Schultz would not vote for the bill. However, Schultz refused to let his own intentions be known regarding the bill; he had previously attempted a compromise budget plan, which was rejected by Governor Walker.
On February 28, Democratic Representative Gordon Hintz formally apologized for threatening remarks made to Republican Representative Michelle Litjens on the Assembly floor following the vote. On February 28, the largest public union filed an unfair labor practices complaint with the state labor relations board, claiming that Walker had a duty to negotiate, but had refused. 
March.
On March 3, police found 41 rounds of 22-caliber rifle ammunition outside the Wisconsin state Capitol. Ammunition was also found inside a city and county government building in downtown Madison. That same day security at the Capitol had become so restrictive that a team of firefighters responding to an emergency call were denied access to the building. On the same night, Rep. Nick Milroy (D-WI) was tackled by law enforcement officers while attempting to enter the Capitol to retrieve clothes. Milroy said in a statement that "no harm was done", but criticized the "armed-palace environment created by Gov. Walker". Also that same day, after occupation of the Capitol for more than two weeks, the final group of pro-union protesters left the building peacefully after Dane County Circuit Judge John Albert ordered their removal. The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight, but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6.
On March 4, Governor Walker threatened to send layoff notices to 1,500 state employees if the budget repair bill was not passed. According to Walker, this move was needed to save the state $30 million. However, in the fake call, Walker had discussed using the threat of layoffs as a political weapon to put pressure on the Senate Democrats, saying "We might ratchet that up a little bit, you know."
On March 5, filmmaker Michael Moore spoke to a crowd of 50,000 protesters drawing cheers from the crowd as he repeatedly said, "America is not broke", and adding, "The country is awash in wealth and cash. It's just that it's not in your hands. It has been transferred, in the greatest heist in history, from the workers and consumers to the banks and the portfolios of the uber-rich."
On Thursday, March 10, the Wisconsin Assembly passed the collective bargaining bill with a vote of 53–42. Protesters and Assembly Democrats shouted "shame!" as the Republicans quickly filed out of the building. Assembly Minority Leader Peter Barca filed a complaint the following morning with the Dane County district attorney charging that the Joint Conference Committee that convened at 6 pm Wednesday and passed an amended version of Gov. Scott Walker's budget repair bill was in violation of the open meetings law. The complaint stated that Assembly Speaker Jeff Fitzgerald and his brother, Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald and others "knowingly attended the meeting in violation of the Open Meetings law" and were subject to penalties identified in state statute. The complaint asked that the actions taken at the meeting be declared void. Democrats have promised to sue to overturn the law. The 18 Republican state senators who voted for the law received death threats.
Shortly afterwards, hundreds of protesters gathered outside the locked entrance to the Capitol, chanting "Break down the door!" and "General strike!" The crowds grew to thousands, surging into the capitol. Police did not attempt to remove them. Department of Administration spokesman Tim Donovan said although protesters were being encouraged to leave, no one would be forcibly removed. Madison Mayor Dave Cieslewicz said he had instructed Madison Police Chief Noble Wray not to allow his officers to participate in removing demonstrators from the building.
Katherine R. Windels of Cross Plains, Wisconsin sent death threat e-mails to Republican lawmakers the same day the legislation passed, and was arrested and charged with two felony and two misdemeanor counts by the Dane County district attorney.
Governor Walker's response.
In the opinion section of "The Wall Street Journal" on March 10, 2011, Governor Walker expressed his reasons for "fighting in Wisconsin". He started his message discussing a teacher from "Milwaukee Public Schools", Megan Sampson, who was named "Outstanding Teacher of the Year", but received a layoff notice a week later. He stated that the collective-bargaining contract requires staffing decisions to be made based on seniority and got a layoff notice because the union leadership would not accept reasonable changes to their contract. Instead, according to Walker, they hid behind a collective-bargaining agreement that costs the taxpayers $101,091 per year for each teacher, protects a 0% contribution for health-insurance premiums, and forces schools to hire and fire based on seniority and union rules. Walker's budget-repair bill would reform the union-controlled hiring and firing process by allowing school districts to assign staff based on merit and performance. He stated that most states in the country are facing major budget deficits. Many are cutting billions of dollars of aid to schools and local governments, and that these cuts lead to massive layoffs or increases in property taxes—or both. His proposal gave state and local governments the tools to balance the budget through reasonable benefit contributions. In total, Walker said the budget-repair bill saves local governments almost $1.5 billion, outweighing the reductions in state aid in the budget. He added that the unions claim they are willing to accept concessions, but their actions spoke louder than words. During the three weeks from the time the opinion piece ran, local unions across the state pursued contracts without new pension or health-insurance contributions.
Walker cited Governor Mitch Daniels as an example for his own budget repair when they repealed collective bargaining in Indiana in 2005, and claims it helped government become more efficient and responsive. He said the average pay for Indiana state employees has actually increased, and high-performing employees are rewarded with pay increases or bonuses when they do something exceptional and that passing the budget-repair bill will help put similar reforms into place in Wisconsin.
Post-passage reactions.
On March 11, Governor Walker signed the bill and put out a statement rescinding layoff notices for 1,500 public workers. He said the bill's passage "helped us save 1,500 middle-class jobs by moving forward this week with the budget repair. The state will now be able to realize $30 million in savings to balance the budget and allow 1,500 state employees to keep their jobs." In response, Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk filed a lawsuit against the state regarding the bill, stating that it was unconstitutionally passed because the budget repair bill contained fiscal provisions. Judge Amy Smith recused herself from hearing the case, which was instead heard by Judge Maryann Sumi. A second lawsuit was filed against the state on similar grounds on March 16 by Dane County District Attorney Ismael Ozanne. The Wisconsin Secretary of State, Doug La Follette, a Democrat, refused to publish the law to give Judge Maryann Sumi, whose son had been a union activist in 2008, according to Sumi's husband, Carl A. Sinderbrand, the necessary period of time to breach separation of powers and block the bill in the Wisconsin legislature.
On March 12, the fourteen Democratic senators who had left the state returned and were met by crowds of between 85,000 to 185,000, the largest crowds yet of the four weeks of protests. Teachers, police, firefighters, nurses, and students were joined by farmers who paraded their farm vehicles around Capitol Square. One of the returning senators, Spencer Coggs, said that "are back to unite and fight with our supporters. We gave them hope. They gave us inspiration." In contrast, senate majority leader Scott Fitzgerald said that the returning senators were "the most shameful 14 people in the state of Wisconsin [... an absolute insult to the hundreds of thousands of Wisconsinites who are struggling to find a job, much less one they can run away from and go down to Illinois."
On March 18, Dane County judge Maryann Sumi issued a stay on the collective bargaining bill in response to the lawsuit by Dane County DA Ismael Ozanne. Ozanne had argued that the legislative committee violated the state's open meetings law, and that the budget repair bill was illegally passed because it still contained budgetary provisions (and hence required a quorum.) Sumi stated that the lawsuit was "likely to succeed on the merits". The judge's action did not prevent the legislature from meeting again and approving the bill a second time.
On March 25, an additional lawsuit was filed against the state alleging that the budget repair bill still contained budget provisions, and hence was unlawfully passed by the state as it would have required a quorum. Also on March 25, after meeting with Senate Republicans, the Legislative Reference Bureau bypassed the Secretary of State's office and officially published the collective bargaining law. There had been a court-issued restraining order restricting its publication, but the order was issued against the Secretary of State's office instead of the Bureau. According to the director of the Bureau, the publication is a purely ministerial act that forwards the bill to the Secretary of State; the bill needs to be published by the Secretary of State to become law. Despite this, Republicans claimed the bill was officially law and planned to enforce it. On March 29, Judge Maryann Sumi ruled the bill had not become law, and public officials who attempted to enforce it risked legal sanctions. On April 14, Judge Sumi threw out the lawsuit against the collective bargaining law sought by Dane County Acting Executive Kathleen Falk and Dane County Board Chairman Scott McDonnell. Judge Sumi ruled that an "arm of the state can not sue the state".
April.
On April 9, demonstrators marched from the Capitol to the offices of the state business lobby, Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce. The action was sparked in part by attention given to Charles and David Koch, billionaire brothers and conservative activists, who have supported Governor Walker.
On April 13, the Hudson, Wisconsin Board of Education announced punishments ranging from one-day unpaid suspensions up to 15 days for teachers who called in sick on February 18, forcing their schools to close, at the height of the protests over the budget repair bill.
On April 16, Sarah Palin attended a Tea Party rally in Madison. Speaking to the crowd, Palin stated, "Your governor did the right thing and you won! Your beautiful state won! And people still have their jobs!" The now deceased conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart spoke at the event and told labor supporters engaged in counter-protests, ""Go to hell! You're trying to divide America!"" Police estimated that about 6,500 people attended the event including Tea Party supporters and those demonstrating against the Walker administration policies.
On April 20, the "Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel" reported costs associated with the protests. The Department of Natural Resources reported costs for personnel topped $350,000, and the parking tab for police to park their vehicles approached $100,000.
On April 26, University of Wisconsin-Madison School of Medicine and Public Health announced the discipline of 11 faculty members who distributed fake sick notes to public workers in order to protest, as well as twenty other doctors. The State of Wisconsin Medical Board disciplined seven doctors after receiving 300 complaints: Adam H. Balin, Mark B. Beamsley, Hannah M. Keevil, Bernard F. Micke, Kathleen A. Oriel, James H. Shropshire, and Louis A. Sanner. Dr. Louis A. Sanner was identified as the fraud ringleader. 10 student residents were given written reprimands. The same day, UW-Madison students and campus community members engaged in a sit-in at Bascom Hall to protest the idea of splitting UW-Madison from the rest of the UW System, chanting the words "our house".
On April 28, it was reported that some of the doctors at the University of Wisconsin who gave out sick notes to union supporters skipping work to protest would face punishment ranging from written reprimands to docked pay and loss of leadership positions. The Medical Examining Board and state Department of Licensing and Regulation investigated the doctors. The medical school reviewed 22 doctors said to have been involved in giving medical excuses to protesters at the Capitol. At least a dozen doctors received disciplinary action in late April or early May. Some of the doctors appealed, and most cases were resolved by early July. The Wisconsin Medical Society criticized the doctors' actions, saying they threatened the public's trust in the medical profession. The state Department of Safety and Professional Services reviewed 11 doctors said to have written sick notes and launched formal investigations into eight of them. 84 teachers were found to have submitted fraudulent sick notes that appeared to come from doctors at the protests. The Madison School District denied a "Wisconsin State Journal" request to view the notes – with the teachers' names removed – under the state's open records law. The newspaper sued to have the notes released with a lawsuit now pending. The Madison School District could not release the notes at that time, as the notes were evidence in an investigation of two additional doctors who were later found guilty.
May.
On May 11, a few protesters chanted, "Stand up, fight back" in the Senate gallery, causing the Senate to recess while protesters were removed. Similar events occurred throughout the week, and ended with protesters crashing a news conference held by Senate Republicans following the passage of a voter ID bill. The tactics irritated both Democrats and Republicans. Capitol police arrested several protesters, but it did not deter a core group from returning.
On May 12, 100 pages of public records were released that detailed the emotions and threats that occurred during the protests. The vast majority were determined to present "no criminal nexus or viable threat", but a few remained open as cases with the Division of Criminal Investigation. Of the 78 actions made public, about 30 were directed at Democrats, a few less at Walker and other Republicans, and the balance consisted of vague or implied threats against no specific target, or concerns over demonstrators.
On May 14, the Wisconsin Department of Administration estimated overtime and cleanup costs for the protests will reach about $8 million, of which $270,000 was marked for interior and exterior Capitol building repairs caused by accelerated wear and tear. The same day, between 10,000 to 15,000 protesters participated in a rally protesting the collective bargaining bill, education cuts, BadgerCare cuts and immigrant rights. Christian Pacheco, a graduating high school senior, revealed at the protest that he was an illegal immigrant student. "My dream is to work hard and go to a UW school just like my peers", said Pacheco. "If I am force to pay out of state tuition, out of my pocket, as Walker's budget proposes this dream will be crushed." The crowd chanted in support of Pacheco of shedding light into his experiences as an illegal immigrant.
June.
On June 2 in Madison, a blood drive sponsored by the Red Cross had to be re-scheduled due to loud singing by anti-Walker protesters. The singers later apologized and said they would sing outside the Capitol during the re-scheduled event and that they would donate blood to help make up for any lost donations.
On June 8 in Madison, pro-union protesters dressed as zombies and caused some concerns during an event where the governor honored the accomplishments of members of the Special Olympics. The organizers of the ceremony said the demonstration had not disrupted their event. The protest occurred the same day Capitol Police removed a dozen protesters dressed as zombies from the office of Representative Robin Vos (R-Rochester) and arrested them. Senator Tim Carpenter (D-Milwaukee) issued a statement praising most demonstrators for being engaged in government but chiding a few for crossing the line in recent weeks.
Protesters began living in tents around the capitol in a complex they deemed "Walkerville" around the time the 2012 fiscal year budget was being debated. The budget, which would turn a $3.6 billion deficit into a $300 million surplus in 5 years, drew harsh criticism from union members and protesters as it cut approximately $800 million in education, and allowed the private school choice program to be expanded to Racine.
On June 14, The Wisconsin Supreme Court unanimously found Judge Maryann Sumi breached separation of powers when she blocked a bill in the Legislature, and submitted opinions on the open meetings law based along partisan lines. The controversial bill was then reinstated. On June 15, all the public unions in Wisconsin sued Walker in federal court, claiming collective bargaining rights are protected under the First Amendment, but the case never went to trial. 
Around 3 a.m. on June 16, the Wisconsin State Assembly passed the 2012 fiscal year budget with a party line vote of 60–38. During the Senate debate, an onlooker was removed after screaming "Fascist" repeatedly at Republican Senator Glenn Grothman while he was speaking. The Senate subsequently approved the 2012 fiscal year budget later that day, with a party line vote of 19–14. Shortly after the vote, an onlooker repeatedly screamed "I want my Democracy back!" and others screamed repeatedly "Kill the bill!". The screaming onlookers were removed shortly, except for the ones who chained themselves to the railing who were later arrested.
On June 27, Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Ann Walsh Bradley filed a criminal complaint that claimed fellow Justice David Prosser "put her in a chokehold" on June 13. Other justices who claimed they witnessed the event were divided along partisan lines, with one side claiming Prosser attacked Bradley, and the other side claiming Bradley attacked Prosser. Two separate investigations resulted in no charges against either Prosser or Bradley.
Decline in protests.
After losing the state supreme court race against David Prosser, then losing the decision at the state supreme court on the collective bargaining law, and losing the vote on Walker's budget in the state legislature, the protests declined. Matthew Rothschild, editor of "The Progressive" magazine said "People see that Walker won everything big that he asked for, and despite all the great activism, we don't have anything to show for it. The mass protests that I expected this week at the capitol in Madison did not materialize." By June 14, the number of protesters at the Capital was approximately 5,000 and by June 16 the number was down to about 1,000.
Law enforcement actions.
When first announcing the budget repair bill on February 11, Walker said that the National Guard and other state agencies were prepared for any fallout including a walk-out by state prison guards. Although unable to cross state lines, Wisconsin State Patrol officers were sent to find the fleeing lawmakers.
On February 14, Sgt. Dave McClurg, vice president of the Madison Police Officers' Unions stated "Madison police will be in attendance both to protest and, possibly, to help with crowd control. McClurg says there have been some discussions about Madison police performing in this capacity, which he admits would not be "comfortable."
The City of Madison Police Spokesman Joel DeSpain issued a press-release on March 5, noting for the third weekend in a row that demonstrations had been peaceful. He said that there has been no arrests and no citations during the start of the weekend (March 4 and 5) where tens of thousands of protesters were present.
In March, a paid signature gatherer working for the Republican party was cited for theft when he stole items belonging to a couple visiting Lambeau Field. Police identified him from video footage and confronted him a few days later. He had a criminal record from Colorado (his home state) and "was staying at the Road Star Inn in Ashwaubenon with several other out-of-town canvassers" working to recall Democratic State Senator Dave Hansen.
In April, Katherine R. Windels, aged 26, from Cross Plains, Wisconsin was charged with two felonies for allegedly sending death-threat emails to Republican state Senators.
FBI agents from Maine to California to Florida were involved regarding 100 pages of public records that were released, which detailed the emotions and threats that occurred during the protests. One man tweeted that he prayed an anvil would fall from the sky onto Walker. A suspect in Maine was arrested after sending letters to that state's Republican U.S. senators suggesting Walker should be killed and that all Republican governors resign. A Burbank, California resident who sent a long email offering a $50,000 bounty for Walker was interviewed by federal agents who determined he was mentally challenged and not a true threat. Police in Nebraska tracked down a man who posted to a Wisconsin man's Facebook page that he expected the shooting to start soon and that he would be ready to inflict nonlethal shots so others could hear screams. He told officers he got "carried away", hadn't intend to harm anyone and has never been to Wisconsin. A Stevens Point man called the State Police after he heard his accountant, whose wife is a teacher, remark that if Walker didn't stop attacking teachers unions he'd be assassinated. An agent interviewed the accountant and determined there was no threat.
On June 8, a dozen silent demonstrators wearing zombie makeup and protest T-shirts were arrested after lying down on the floor of a legislator's Capitol offices and refusing to leave. Police carried out the demonstrators “one by one” after the group spent about half an hour in the offices of Representative Robin Vos (R-Rochester).
On June 16, two protesters were arrested after locking themselves onto the Senate gallery railing with bike locks. Later in the day six other people in the Capitol had been arrested on allegations of disorderly conduct.
On August 25, 13 protesters were arrested after they refused to leave the capitol after the designated 7 pm closing time. The protest came on the first day that higher pension and health contributions kick in for state employees.
In December 2011, a man was recorded threatening a Recall Walker signature gatherer. He was later charged with disorderly conduct for doing so.
State supreme court election.
The state supreme court race between 12-year incumbent David Prosser, Jr. and challenger Assistant Attorney General JoAnne Kloppenburg was widely seen as a referendum on Governor Walker's proposed budget reforms in Wisconsin, with labor organizations and tea party groups explicitly making the connection while Governor Walker himself stating it was not. On Tuesday, April 5, one seat in the Wisconsin Supreme Court was up for election. The court currently has a conservative majority of 4-2-1 with Prosser identifying as a conservative and the seventh justice considered a swing vote. Both candidates stated their unhappiness with the increasingly partisan nature of the race. Following a recount, the Wisconsin Government Accountability Board confirmed Prosser won the election.
Outside Madison.
Though the protest efforts are focused in Madison, there have been smaller protests throughout the rest of the state as well, with pro-union supporters as well as Walker supporters.
Union contract extension protests.
In various localities throughout the state, communities are determining whether to extend or not to extend union contracts before Governor Walker's budget repair bill takes effect. In Wauwatosa, the common council voted not to ratify tentative agreements with the public works, dispatcher, clerical and fire unions after a crowd of about 100 people turned out, most urging city officials to wait until the governor's proposed state budget-repair bill became law. However, the council reconvened for a second time within a month to reconsider extending the contracts with both supporters and opponents lined up to speak at the special meeting held to reopen the discussion of the labor contracts, with the council voting 8–7 to extend the contracts. The mayor subsequently vetoed the measure and criticized the council's decision to take the approach they did to policy making.
In Menomonee Falls, a majority of residents in attendance opposed a contract by a margin of nearly 5-to-1 against the ratification of new contracts, urging the board to wait, however it was passed after four hours of debate with members of the community shouting "shame" because the board approved the union contract extension. The Menomonee Falls School District and the teachers reached a tentative agreement on a two-year contract settlement. The board room was packed, and 50 to 75 more were gathered in the library watching the meeting on a live feed. Residents pleaded for the board to table the vote on the contract until more information could be gathered regarding the new contract. Residents said they wanted time to review the contract, discuss and debate it. The board signed a privacy provision with the teachers union in October before negotiations began. It restricted the board from releasing the actual 80-page contract document to the public before both the board and the teachers union approved it. The agreement also guaranteed a “yes” vote from two board members who are on the negotiating team. Even if the vote were delayed a week as requested, board members explained that they still would not be able to release the full contract document for the public to view. The board was unable to tell residents how much the co-pay for teachers would be with their new insurance provider. "We have to rely on our other board members”, one board member said. “But in fairness to everyone, I will probably read it, but I will not read anything I don't already know.” One local resident said of the actions by the school board, "“What we have here is a major trust problem, and nobody trusts you right now.”" If the courts ruled the bill was law when Walker signed it, the law would become retroactive to that date, and this contract becomes void. If the law isn't enacted until after the vote, this contract would be valid for the duration of the agreement.
Some unions were hoping to beat the deadline for the state's new collective bargaining law and get a new deal done. The Brown Deer School Board called for an emergency meeting the night before the budget repair law became effective to see if it could reach a last-minute deal with the teachers union. Dozens of Brown Deer taxpayers worried the board was going to rush through a teachers' contract before the law became effective. When asked if the teachers' union was trying to rush a deal to beat the deadline, Lisa Albers with the Brown Deer Education Association said: "I think rushing sounds a little bit harsh. The whole thing was we would work together and come to a common agreement." However, the board adjourned saying it needed more time. "We intend to make sure that we look at the governor's repair bill, said board president Gary Williams, "whatever we proposed will be consistent with the governor's repair bill."
Boycotts.
Boycotts were implemented by opponents of Governor Walker's budget repair bill and other reforms by boycotting businesses whose executives had made political contributions to Walker. Boycotters said they wanted the companies to take a public position on Walker's bill, but some of the boycotted businesses did not do so. M&I Bank, one of the boycotted businesses, issued a statement that its employees contributed to both candidates in the last election. One labor union consortium consisting of the state's largest police and fire unions, along with some local teachers unions, urged their members to engage in what it characterized as "voluntary consumer activism" if M&I would not support collective bargaining. Shortly thereafter, "Miracle on the Hudson" pilot Jeffrey Skiles withdrew hundreds of thousands of dollars from his M&I accounts. Following the consortium's effort, David Galloway, the chairman of BMO Financial, which was in the process of purchasing M&I bank, stated that he supported "employees' rights to collectively bargain" after facing repeated questions on the subject at a March 22 shareholders' meeting in Vancouver.
There was an effort by the "Wisconsin State Employees Union" to circulate letters to businesses in southeast Wisconsin urging them to support workers’ rights by putting up a sign in their windows. If businesses failed to comply, the letter advised, “Failure to do so will leave us no choice but (to) do a public boycott of your business. And sorry, neutral means 'no' to those who work for the largest employer in the area and are union members." One local business owner said "I was just disappointed; I didn't like the tone of the letter. To me, it bordered on strong-arm tactics." Another business owner put up a sign that read "We Support Union Grove Not Bully Tactics".
Public opinion.
During the protest period.
Polls during this period differed by the political bias of pollster. For example one poll would indicate 64% of Americans felt public employees should not be represented by public unions, when other would indicate that 61% of Americans would oppose a law similar to the Wisconsin bill in their state while 33% were for it. Organizations were trying to shape public opinion with polls and not survey them.
A Rasmussen poll of Wisconsin voters conducted on March 2, 2011 reported that 39% support weakening collective bargaining rights while 52% oppose the idea. A majority said they supported the Democrats (52%) or the unions (56%) in the current dispute, while 41–44% supported Walker's position. Asked whether state workers should be given a 10% pay cut, 44% said yes, while 38% oppose a pay cut. Polling analyst Nate Silver criticized methodology of the Rasmussen polls in his "New York Times" blog, claiming that it had biased questions, giving a misleadingly negative impression of the protesters.
In an analysis of several concurrent public opinion polls, pollster Scott Rasmussen identified the source of seeming contradictions in the results. The results depended on the way the questions are worded. If the collective bargaining issue was worded in the context of balancing the state budget, Governor Walker does better. If the question is worded more narrowly, mentioning only the collective bargaining dispute, the unions fare better. A Pulse Opinion Research poll conducted of likely Wisconsin voters found that 56% support collective bargaining rights for public employees with 32% opposed. In the same poll, approval and disapproval for the bill was split at 50%–50% while 49% supported the protesters and 48% opposed them.
A Public Policy Polling poll of Wisconsin voters found that given a chance to vote in a rematch between Walker and 2010 Democratic nominee Tom Barrett, Walker would have lost 45%–52%. (In the actual election, Walker won 52–46%.) The poll's analysis characterized the shift as the result of changing opinions due to the budget protests. Public Policy Polling (PPP) is a Democratic Party-affiliated polling firm based in Raleigh, North Carolina.
A SUSA poll in the districts of Republican senators Dan Kapanke and Randy Hopper found that double-digit margins in both districts would vote to recall the Senators.
On March 15, PPP conducted a poll for "Daily Kos" in the districts of all eight Republican senators being recalled. The poll found that three trailed generic Democratic candidates, three had small leads, and two were safe:
Wisconsin Public Radio released several polls April 22 related to the Wisconsin protests:
After the protest period.
The conservative think tank Manhattan Institute for Policy Research released a poll on September 20. They interviewed 400 registered Wisconsin voters between August 29 and September 5. The margin of error was +/- 4.9% points.
On October 26, the Liberal Public Policy Polling organization released a poll focusing on Scott Walker's possible recall. It revealed the following;
On January 25, 2012, Marquette University Law School released the results of a statewide poll focusing on Governor Walker and his possible recall.
Effects.
On February 17, the Madison Metropolitan School District canceled classes until February 23 because of expected staff and student absences. Numerous other districts across the state also closed due to the protests including Milwaukee, La Crosse, Wausau, and others. Two days after the protests began, protests spread to Columbus, Ohio over similar legislation. Similar protests also occurred at the Nevada State Capitol in Carson City on February 21, 2011, and at the Utah State Capitol in Salt Lake City on February 26, 2011.
The Wisconsin Legislature stated they would continue passing non-budget items with no Democratic opposition in the Senate starting on February 22. On Thursday, March 3, Wisconsin Administration Secretary Mike Huebsch claimed that the weeks of demonstrations resulted in $6.5 million in damages and other costs to the Capital. The next day he admitted that he had no basis for the higher figure and that the actual cleanup costs could be as low as $347,500. State architect Jeffrey Plale, a former Democratic state senator who was appointed to his post by Walker, stated that he had not observed any damages from demonstrations.
On March 21, Professor William Cronon of the University of Wisconsin wrote an op-ed opposing the bill. In response, the Wisconsin Republican Party filed a state open records request for access to Cronon's university emails to discover the sources and discussions that went into the article. The Republican Party's request was criticized for purportedly creating a chilling effect. In response, the Republican Party released a statement accusing Cronon of intimidation.
Legislative walkout.
In another form of protest, and as a tactic to prevent passage of the bill, all 14 Democratic members of the Wisconsin State Senate left the state of Wisconsin and traveled to Illinois in order to delay a vote on the bill. With only 19 Republican members, the Senate would not have the 20 Senators required for a quorum in order to vote on the bill, since it is a fiscal bill. On February 20, all 14 Senate Democrats announced they were staying in Illinois indefinitely. However, the provision that the protests center around—the stripping of collective bargaining rights—could still be passed as a separate bill even in the absence of the Senate Democrats, because it had no fiscal impact on the state.
In a possible lure to get the 14 Democratic Senators to return, the Wisconsin legislature reported they would try to pass a bill that would require citizens to have some form of voter identification to vote. Democrats strongly opposed the bill, but because there were no Democratic senators to defend their position, the bill was expected to pass the Senate easily. On February 24, the Republicans in the Senate moved the voter ID provision past the amendable stage but were unable to take a final vote on it because it spends money for free ID's to comply with federal constitutional requirements. As a fiscal provision, the voter ID bill would require the same quorum currently denied over the main budget bill. The State Senate Majority Leader, Scott Fitzgerald, proposed that Democratic staffers should lose access to the copy machines if their representatives were absent without leave for two days or more, forcing staffers to pay for printing themselves. Senators would no longer receive their wages via direct deposit if they were AWOL for two days or more and would have to collect them in person. (Senator Jon Erpenbach was able to circumvent this by granting his staffers power of attorney.) On March 2, Senate Republicans voted to fine members who are AWOL for two days or more $100 per day of absence. On March 3, the Wisconsin Senate Republicans ordered the arrest of the Wisconsin 14 for being "in contempt and disorderly behavior", authorizing the Senate Sergeant-at-Arms to seek help from law enforcement officers and to use force to return the senators to the Capitol. Jim Palmer, the head of the Wisconsin Professional Police Association, described the action as a violation of the Wisconsin state constitution.
Walker also tried other methods to get the Wisconsin 14 to return to the state, saying that if the bill was not passed by February 25, 1,500 state workers would be laid off. That deadline passed without incident. On February 27, he announced a new deadline of March 1. On March 4, Walker issued layoff warning notices to some state employees, and rescinded those notices upon passage of the budget repair bill. In an attempt to compromise with the Democrats who left the state, Walker proposed allowing public workers to continue bargaining over their salaries with no limit as well as allowing collective bargaining to stay in place on mandatory overtime, performance bonuses, hazardous duty pay and classroom size for teachers.
On March 9, the senate removed fiscal applications from the bill, allowing it to be passed without a quorum. On March 12, the "14" returned to Wisconsin, to loud acclaim from protesters and condemnation from the Senate Majority Leader, Scott Fitzgerald. On March 15 Fitzgerald announced that despite returning, none of the Senate Democrats will be allowed to cast official votes on the union legislation.
Contract extensions.
During the numerous delays related to enactment of the budget repair law, several communities were pursuing to extend union contracts although there have been cases of communities electing to wait for the budget repair bill to take effect. In some cases residents staged protests at open meetings in opposition to extending union contracts. Regarding school districts deciding whether or not to extend union contracts, whether they decided to wait for the law to take effect or not, most districts elected to include the same basic concessions on health care and pensions.
The "Milwaukee Teachers Education Association" said "no deal" to a proposal that would have them make concessions similar to those called for under the budget repair law. The union said that it has already made all the concessions that it will make. The proposed "Milwaukee Public Schools (MPS)" budget would cut 989 full-time positions through attrition and layoffs. On June 29, the same day the budget repair law became effective, MPS Superintendent Gregory Thornton announced that 519 layoff notices would be issued for next school year, including 354 teachers. Most members pay about $1,000 per year in dues.
Teachers in the Hartland-Lakeside School District agreed to switch health insurance providers to save the district $690,000, but the executive committee of a union that represents the teachers blocked the change.
In Milwaukee County, when it was known that the budget repair law was to take effect on June 29, the county board approved a union contract on June 23 for nurses, which would preserve their say on working conditions as well as union grievance procedures. Meanwhile, negotiations were under way on a new contract for the county's largest union in an effort to beat the state law, although it appeared likely they had run out of time to do so. The Appleton teachers union made a similar last minute contract extension before the deadline.
Recruitment for the union took place for school districts that elected to wait before extending union contracts. Union membership was steady in districts that signed or extended contract agreements with unions before the budget repair legislation passed because dues are taken out automatically.
Special assembly elections.
On May 3, special elections were held for 3 vacant seats in the Wisconsin State Assembly. The 3 seats were formally held by Republicans that were appointed to higher positions by Governor Walker.
Results
Recall elections.
According to the advocacy group "Wisconsin Democracy Campaign", the recall elections from 2011 and 2012 generated spending between $125 million and $130 million. Approximately $44 million was spent on the 2011 senatorial recall elections, and over $80 million was spent on the gubernatorial and senatorial campaigns in 2012. This compares to the $37.4 million spent on the 2010 Wisconsin gubernatorial campaign. Over $20 million of taxpayer funds were spent on the fifteen recall elections, costs incurred by the state elections board due to petition verification, and oversight of the elections. The primary and general election for the statewide recalls in 2012 cost taxpayers about $18 million, while the 2011 senate recalls cost taxpayers $2.1 million.
2011 senatorial recall elections.
There were efforts to recall eight Democrats and eight Republicans related to the budget repair bill. The Democrats were targeted for leaving the state for three weeks to prevent the budget repair bill vote from taking place while the Republicans were targeted for voting to seriously limit public employee collective bargaining. Scholars could cite only three times in U.S. history when more than one state legislator was subject to a recall election at roughly the same time over the same issue.
Six Republicans and three Democrats faced recall elections in August 2011. Efforts to recall Glenn Grothman (R-20th District), Mary Lazich (R-28th District), Lena Taylor (D-4th District), Spencer Coggs (D-6th District), Fred Risser (D-Madison), Julie Lassa (D-Stevens Point) and Mark Miller (D-Monona) were unsuccessful.
The Wisconsin Government Accountability Board voted in favor of all recall elections, but scheduled the Democratic recall elections one week after (August 16, 2011) the Republican recall elections.
On August 9, the Republicans won enough seats to keep control of the Wisconsin Senate, despite losing Randy Hopper's and Dan Kapanke's seats, bringing the largest group of simultaneous recall elections in United States history to a close. The results were regarded as a disappointment for Democrats and labor unions.
2012 gubernatorial and senatorial recall elections.
On November 15, the recall petitions against Scott Walker and Rebecca Kleefisch began to circulate. Supporters of the recall had to collect 540,206 valid signatures by January 14.
On January 17, over 1 million signatures to recall Governor Walker were submitted to the state GAB on over 100,000 recall petitions. On March 30, 2012, the Wisconsin Government Accountability Board certified recall elections for Scott Walker and Rebecca Kleefisch.
Tom Barrett won the Democratic primary on May 8, and went up against Walker on June 5.
Walker received over 625,000 votes, the most votes for a candidate in a Wisconsin gubernatorial primary since 1952.
On March 12, the Wisconsin Government Accountability Board confirmed enough signatures had been submitted to recall each of the four Republican state senators. Republicans Scott Fitzgerald and Terry Moulton won their respective recalls. Republican Jerry Petrowski won the open seat vacated by Pam Galloway. Republican Van Wanggaard was defeated by Democrat John Lehman, whom Wanggaard had defeated in 2010. This shifted the power of the Wisconsin Senate briefly to the Democrats, but the Senate Republicans regained a majority (albeit slightly reduced from before) in 2013, after one Democratic State Senator retired and two others lost their own election races in 2013.
Outcomes since law became effective.
District savings.
In Kaukauna, school officials put in place new policies they estimate will turn a $400,000 deficit into a $1.5 million surplus. In April 2011, the union had offered healthcare and pension concessions as well as a wage freeze, which it projected would save $1.8 million, but the offer was rejected by the school board. "The monetary part of it is not the entire issue," said board President Todd Arnoldussen. "It was in the collective bargaining agreement that we could only negotiate with them," said Arnoldussen referring to the past, when Kaukauna's agreement with the teachers union required the school district to purchase health insurance coverage from "WEA Trust" – a company created by the Wisconsin teachers union. This year, the trust told Kaukauna that it would face a significant increase in premiums. With the collective bargaining agreement gone, the school district is free to shop around for coverage. Kaukauna can reduce the size of its classes – from 31 students to 26 students in high school and from 26 students to 23 students in elementary school. In addition, there will be more teacher time for one-on-one sessions with troubled students. Those changes would not have been possible without the changes in collective bargaining. The money saved will be used to hire a few more teachers and institute merit pay.
The city of Milwaukee projects it will save at least $25 million a year and possibly as much as $36 million in 2012 from health care benefit changes due to not having to negotiate with unions. This is offset by about $14 million in cuts in state aid. This contrasts with Mayor Tom Barrett's initial comments in March, after the Walker administration and the nonpartisan Legislative Fiscal Bureau released figures on the extent of the aid cuts in the state budget.
Racine County estimates it will save over $1.5 million in employee pension contributions that resulted from recent state collective bargaining changes. In addition, county employees will be more limited on how much comp time they can accrue, will need to pay more for name-brand prescription drugs and will not be able to receive overtime unless they work more than 40 hours. Racine County Executive Jim Ladwig, who proposed the changes, estimated the changes will save the county several hundred thousand dollars per year.
Other examples of district savings include Oshkosh school board, which will save over $3.7 million over the next three years. Menomonee Falls school board will save $2.4 million by changing health providers, Hudson school district will save over $1 million by changing health providers, Shorewood school district will save $537,000 by changing health providers, Ashland school district will save $378,000 by changing health providers, and Wauwatosa school board which would have faced a choice of laying off more than 100 teachers and other employees, yet were able to prevent that outcome by implementing pay freezes and employees accepting higher pension payments and higher deductible health care plans as well as the property tax levy projected to decrease.
Tax levy reductions.
Tax levy figures for the 2011–12 school year show the total tax levy is down more than $47 million for K-12 schools. This amounts to a 1% decrease on the school tax portion of the average property tax bill. Since 1996, it is only the second time the total school tax levy has dropped. Over the last five years the tax levy, on average, increased by $181 million each year. In total, 269 school districts have a property tax levy lower or the same as last year and 200 school districts not only lowered their levy, but cut their mill rate.
Reductions in state aid.
The budget repair law reduced state aid to K-12 school districts by about $900 million over the next two years. 410 of Wisconsin's 424 districts will get about 10 percent less aid than the previous year. The biggest losses in dollar amounts will occur in the Milwaukee, Racine and Green Bay districts; Milwaukee will lose $54.6 million, Racine $13.1 million and Green Bay $8.8 million. State aid to schools is computed by a complex formula based on property values, student enrollment and other factors. Property-poor districts get more aid than property-rich districts because they have lower property taxes.
A provision in the budget repair law restricts the options of what districts can collect in property taxes and other revenue by requiring a referendum to prevent them from trying to replace their losses in state aid without first going to the citizens of the district. In Milwaukee, district officials announced they have eliminated 514 vacant positions and laid off almost 520 employees, including 354 teachers, mostly from elementary schools, which will result in larger class sizes. The Milwaukee School Board asked its teachers union for a side agreement requiring teachers to contribute 5.8% of their pay toward pensions, as the teachers union contract extends through 2013.
The pension contribution would have saved about $20 million and 200 jobs, however the union rejected the concession. The Racine district has saved about $18 million from a wage freeze and larger employee contributions to pensions and health care, but the loss of state aid still required the elimination of 125 positions (although a larger than usual number of retirements and resignations and soon-to-be eliminated positions that are already vacant means the district will actual need to lay off only 60 employees) and the closing of all but one swimming pool for the summer. The Green Bay district also froze wages and required greater employee contributions to pensions and health care, but the district has stopped filling vacancies and may have to combine elementary grades into single classrooms.
Nearly 70% of state school districts will be eligible for special adjustment aid, largely because of the decrease in the state's share of support. The special adjustment aid is intended to provide school districts with 90% of the state general aid from the previous year.
Effect on public sector unions.
Since teachers' unions are no longer able to automatically deduct dues from teachers' paychecks because of the new budget repair law, unions are using a variety of methods including using a combination of meetings, emails, phone calls and home visits to get teachers signed up for dues collection. Some school districts are primarily signing members up for electronic funds transfers so they can deduct money monthly. The latest IRS filing available shows that "WEAC" collected about $23.5 million in membership dues in fiscal year 2009 from its approximately 98,000 members. Most of the membership dues go to pay salaries and benefits. The organization employed 151 people and paid them $14,382,812, which is an average compensation total of $95,250 per employee. This figure includes not only professional staff but also lost wages paid to union bargaining team members, officers, and delegates to conventions.
The "Wisconsin Education Association Council (WEAC)", announced they would lay off about 40% of its workforce. The layoffs and budget cuts are based on a projected loss of revenue as a result of the budget repair legislation.
For the affected unions, Act 10 prohibited collective bargaining agreements from covering any topic other than base wages, with any raises prohibited from exceeding the cost of inflation. Furthermore it required the unions to hold an election every year where 51% of all employees (not simply 51% of those choosing to vote) had to vote Yes in order to continue collective bargaining in the coming year. Given these constraints, a number of unions declined to participate in the annual election, and thus were "decertified"—no longer recognized as a collective bargaining agent by the state of Wisconsin.
The UW-Madison teaching assistant union, which was at the forefront of the protests against the new budget repair law, declined to recertify their union in August 2011. Union leaders for state and local government workers said they also were leaning toward not recertifying.
On August 29, 2011, the Wisconsin Education Association Council (WEAC) announced it would allow local union affiliates to possibly drop certification and that the group would accept whatever the local unions chose.
On September 21, the 23,000-member Wisconsin State Employees Union announced it would not recertify. The state employee unions represented by the American Federation of Teachers-Wisconsin also mostly declined to recertify, with only a small local, the Professional Employees in Research, Statistics and Analysis, representing 58 employees, announcing a recertification vote among its members.
Only 4 small unions are expected to recertify on the deadline for re-certification, 4:30 pm on September 22. They represent building trades workers, prosecutors, attorneys, and state research employees. Any union that has not filed re-certification by this time will lose official certification within the state.
Some school and local government employees have outstanding contracts and won't have to vote to recertify until these current contracts run out. Unions for teachers and other school district employees without contracts have until Sep 30 to file for a recertification election. Municipal employees without contracts have until Jan. 30.
Besides the state unions, 13 other local government and school district unions so far have also filed with the state seeking a recertification election.
In December 2011, many local teachers unions (177 of 206) voted to re-certify. A majority of those teachers unions that held elections voted to re-certify and a majority of those that failed to re-certify did so due to rules in the new law treating a non-vote the same as a vote against recertification. For example, in one election the teachers' union was de-certified when the vote to re-certify was 31 in favor of recertification and 1 against. However, since the union was listed as having 64 members, the union was decertified because a majority of total members (33) is required to re-certify, not a majority of votes cast.
Requests for union contract concessions.
Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett asked city firefighters and police officers to voluntarily accept the pension and health care concessions that the state budget-repair bill required on most other public employee unions. Without such concessions, city officials would be forced to cut deeply into other services to make up for the cuts in state aid included in Gov. Scott Walker's 2011–'13 state budget. Walker's budget-repair bill would require most state and local government and school district employees to pay at least 5.8% of their pension costs and 12.6% of their health care premiums, while eliminating most collective bargaining, except for wages, within strict limits. But none of those changes would apply to police officers, firefighters, sheriff's deputies or state troopers. The firefighters union have been without a contract for about 14 months, and negotiations have been in mediation since the fall of 2011. The police union is open to considering the mayor's request.
Leaders of the Milwaukee teachers union, Milwaukee Public Schools administration and School Board asked the state Legislature to create a window of time for the district to negotiate compensation or fringe-benefit concessions without nullifying existing union contracts. Milwaukee Public Schools must contribute nearly $10 million more to the city's pension plan because of financial market downturns. That pension is for nonclassified district employees such as educational assistants and engineers, but fulfilling the obligation means even more money could be taken from the classroom in a time of already reduced finances. The school board in December 2011, decided to increase employee contributions to their health care and pension plans, but those won't initiate until contracts expire in the summer of 2012 for many district employees. The teachers' contract expires in the summer of 2013. The existing contract includes a 3% salary raise, and School Board President Michael Bonds considered asking the union if it would forgo that raise. Instead, he said, they decided to try to ask the state Legislature for permission to reopen the whole contract to look at various elements without penalty. The Assembly and Senate agreed to allow Milwaukee schools to reopen negotiations for compensation or fringe-benefit concessions without nullifying existing union contracts. The measure giving them 90 days passed the Assembly and Senate. Gov. Scott Walker supports the measure. Other teachers unions asked Milwaukee to withdraw its request, saying it would give Walker a political advantage in the recall election.
Legal challenges.
After the collective bargaining bill was signed into law, Dane County Judge Maryann Sumi struck it down, ruling that it was passed in violation of the Open Meetings Law. The Wisconsin Supreme Court overturned Sumi's ruling on June 14.
In July 2011, workers from two local chapters of the AFL-CIO filed a lawsuit against the law, alleging it violates the US Constitution's equal protection clause by limiting collective bargaining only for public workers. Another lawsuit was filed by opponents of the Budget Repair Bill, raising claims that public workers could lose their jobs to Wisconsin prisoners by officials who will now have greater leeway to assign those jobs previously reserved for unionized employees.
On December 30, 2011, Dane County district attorney Ismael Ozanne asked the state Supreme Court to reopen the collective bargaining case because he said Justice Michael Gableman was wrong to participate in the matter due to possible ethics violations.
On March 30, 2012, a federal court struck down key parts of the collective bargaining legislation, ruling that the state cannot prevent public employee unions from collecting dues and cannot require they recertify annually. On September 24, 2012 the State of Wisconsin appealed that decision at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
On September 14, 2012, Dane County circuit Judge Juan Colas decided to overturn the law restricting collective bargaining rights for public employees, ruling that the law violates state and federal constitutions. There are 29 Supreme Court precedent decisions on the same issue that indicates the contrary.
In January 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh District upheld the Wisconsin collective bargaining law.
In September 2013, U.S. District Judge William Conley threw out the lawsuit from two public sector unions for "contending the law violates their rights to freedom of association and equal protection under the law." First Amendment does not require an affirmative response from governmental entities; it simply requires the absence of a negative restriction," Conley wrote. "Under Act 10, general employees remain free to associate and represent employees and their unions remain free to speak; municipal employers are simply not allowed to listen."
Responses.
Think tanks.
Their sentiments have been echoed by other nonpartisan watchdog groups, both local (such as Wisconsin Common Cause) and national (such as the Public Campaign Action Fund), who have requested that state authorities review Walker's conduct in the fake call to determine whether he had violated ethics/campaign laws.
Other.
"New York Times" conservative columnist David Brooks wrote that "t's the Democratic minority that is thwarting the majority will by fleeing to Illinois". Brooks opined that private sector unions push against the interests of shareholders and management while "public sector unions push against the interests of taxpayers". He also wrote that private sector union members "know that their employers could go out of business, so they have an incentive to mitigate their demands; public sector union members work for state monopolies and have no such interest."
Related news.
Indiana Deputy Attorney General Jeffrey Cox was fired after suggesting that Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker use live ammunition against pro-union protesters involved in the 2011 Wisconsin protests. Later, a Deputy Prosecutor in Johnson County, Indiana, Carlos Lam, suggested that Governor Walker should mount a "false flag" operation that would make it "appear" as if the union was committing violence. After initially claiming that his email account was hacked, Lam admitted to making the suggestion and resigned. Cullen Werwie, press secretary for Governor Walker, stated that Walker's office was unaware of Lam's email.
CBS News reported that Werwie commented, "Certainly we do not support the actions suggested in (the) email. Governor Walker has said time and again that the protesters have every right to have their voice heard, and for the most part the protests have been peaceful. We are hopeful that the tradition will continue."
The Mackinac Center for Public Policy, a conservative research group in Michigan, issued a public records request to the labor studies departments at three public universities in the state, seeking any e-mails involving the Wisconsin labor protests. The request asked the three universities' labor studies faculty members for any e-mails mentioning “Scott Walker”, “Madison”, “Wisconsin” or “Rachel Maddow”. Greg Scholtz, the director of academic freedom for the American Association of University Professors, said: “We think all this will have a chilling effect on academic freedom. We've never seen Freedom of Information Act requests used like this before.”

</doc>
<doc id="30953016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953016" title="Welcome 2 My Nightmare">
Welcome 2 My Nightmare

Welcome 2 My Nightmare is the 26th studio album by Alice Cooper, released in September 2011. Peaking at No. 22 in the Billboard 200 it is Cooper's highest-charting album in the US since 1991's "Hey Stoopid".
The idea for the album came about soon after the thirtieth anniversary of the original "Welcome to My Nightmare" album, while Cooper was talking with producer Bob Ezrin, who proposed the idea of a sequel to "Welcome to My Nightmare". Cooper liked the idea, and decided to recruit previous members of the Alice Cooper band. The concept of the album was described by Cooper as "another nightmare, and this one is even worse than the last one." Cooper said that he had originally intended to make a sequel to his previous album, "Along Came a Spider", but decided to make the "Nightmare" sequel after Ezrin explained that he "wasn't really into it."
The album was completed sometime during early 2011, with Cooper announcing its completion in February 2011 on his radio show, "Nights with Alice Cooper". It was first scheduled to be released late in 2011 on Bob Ezrin's Bigger Picture label as part of a deal involving marketing, touring and production work by Bigger Picture for Cooper in the future. The album was then announced as being delayed until some time in 2012 due to Cooper's touring commitments, however it was finally released on September 13, 2011.
Songs.
Cooper began writing songs for the album during summer 2010, and by July 2010 there were a total of three songs completed. By October 2010, Cooper and Ezrin had written thirteen songs for the album, three of which had been recorded with Dennis Dunaway, Neal Smith and Michael Bruce, all members of the original incarnation of the Alice Cooper band. Regarding the sound of the album, Cooper said that parts of the album were intended to resemble the sound of "Welcome to My Nightmare" and music from the 1970s, and that "f we can keep that going, it will really be something. It captures an era."
In addition to Cooper, Dunaway, Smith and Bruce and producer Ezrin, various outside artists co-wrote some songs on the album, including Producer, Singer Songwriter Tommy Henriksen, Buckcherry member Keith Nelson, songwriter Desmond Child, Dick Wagner (who had previously worked with Cooper), Chuck Garric (a member of Cooper's band for the 2011 tour), film composer Jeremy Rubolino, and Ke$ha, who also performed on the song "What Baby Wants."
"I Am Made of You".
Cooper compared this song to "Hello, Hooray" from his 1973 album "Billion Dollar Babies", calling it a "masterpiece" and an "epic song." The song went through many changes and was worked on "more than any other song on the album." The guitars are played by Swedish studio guitarists Tommy Denander and Tommy Henriksen, and the solo by original "Welcome to my Nightmare" guitar player Steve Hunter, which is one of Cooper's favorites among any of his previous albums. The song's intro contains the piano part from the original "Nightmare" song "Steven".
"Caffeine".
"Caffeine" was originally written as more of a rock-based song, but turned into more of a quirky and comical song that still kept the same energy that was originally intended. Cooper has said that a Big Bopper-like voice helped influence the chorus. The song was released as the album's second single.
"The Nightmare Returns".
The lyrics of the song show a similarity to the "Nightmare on Elm Street" series, and involves Alice frightened of going to sleep due to nightmares. The music attempts to portray a child creating lullabies at his piano.
"A Runaway Train".
"A Runaway Train" was based on the Dennis Dunaway Project's "Subway" from their 2006 album "Bones From the Yard". Cooper decided to rework the song so it had no chorus; the track consists of only verse. The song also took inspiration from the classic song "Train Kept A-Rollin'." The way Alice Cooper sings it is very similar to how he sings in "Dance yourself to death," from the album Flush the Fashion. Country music star Vince Gill plays lead guitar on this song. One of three songs that the original Alice Cooper band performed on.
"Last Man on Earth".
"Last Man on Earth" details what happens to Alice after the train wreck at the end of the song "A Runaway Train". The song (described as unexpected and "out there") is reminiscent of a Tom Waits song, and is also similar to "Some Folks" from "Welcome to My Nightmare".
"The Congregation".
Cooper says that the song was heavily inspired by The Beatles. "The Congregation" details Alice's tour through Hell. Rob Zombie guest stars on this song as "The Guide", who is possibly "The Curator" from the original Nightmare (originally portrayed by Vincent Price).
"I'll Bite Your Face Off".
The song's classic rock tone was Cooper's nod to the early Rolling Stones. In this song, Alice is introduced to the devil, his female guide in Hell (the same from "What Baby Wants"). "I'll Bite Your Face Off" was the album's first single and was released with a music video which features various live performances. One of these includes Cooper's show at the 100 Club in London with Johnny Depp on guitar. The single was another song on the album played by the original Alice Cooper band.
"Disco Bloodbath Boogie Fever".
"Disco Bloodbath Boogie Fever" continues Cooper's idea that "no matter what you do, you can't kill disco." The song is strikingly similar to the "Alice Cooper Goes to Hell" song "You Gotta Dance", where disco is used as an eternal punishment in Hell. The guitar solo at the end of the song, played by John 5, is representative of disco being overtaken by rock.
"Ghouls Gone Wild".
The album shifts from the disco vibe of "Disco Bloodbath Boogie Fever" to that of a surf rock beach party in "Ghouls Gone Wild". Mark Volman, singer of the Turtles, provides backing vocals for the song.
"Something to Remember Me By".
"Something to Remember Me By" was originally written by Wagner and Cooper in the late '70s, around the time "I Never Cry" was written. The song was not used sooner due to Cooper's inability to sing the part. Ezrin convinced Cooper to put it on the album because it was "the prettiest song (they had) ever written." Cooper says that his recording was very difficult but heartfelt. The song parallels "Cold Ethyl" from the original "Nightmare" in that Alice is singing to the pieces of a corpse (which seems to make sense in the nightmare).
"When Hell Comes Home".
This song deals with a more matured nightmare that Alice would deal with 35 years later. He watches himself as a young boy being raised by an alcoholic father and an abused mother. The boy eventually snaps, and plans on murdering his father by putting one "right between his eyes." "When Hell Comes Home" is dark and macabre, and it sets itself apart from the previous songs, which are less serious and more comical. At the end of the solo, a man (supposedly the abusive father) is heard faintly yelling out "Steven", the main character from the original "Nightmare", hinting the fact he is the main character in this album as well. The song was played with the original band, who gave it a '70s feel that Cooper wanted.
"What Baby Wants".
While Cooper was thinking of a character to play the devil on "Welcome 2 My Nightmare", he came across Kesha at the Grammys and said that she had the qualities of a "rock singer." In typical Alice Cooper fashion (harkening back to "Billion Dollar Babies" when Donovan sang with Cooper on the title track), he decided to bring Kesha in to work on the album because it would be unexpected. Cooper said about Kesha, "I think a lot of my audience is going to go KESHA!?, but she probably wrote the most disgusting lyrics in the song – we had to rein her in." According to Cooper, many of her lyrics had to be toned down for the album. Kesha plays the part of the devil, continuing from "I'll Bite Your Face Off", telling Alice that it's time to pay the ultimate price: his soul.
"I Gotta Get Outta Here".
"I Gotta Get Outta Here" ends the album with Alice finally accepting that he's going through a nightmare, and is ready to wake up. However, a choir of voices responds with "What part of dead don't you get?" Alice starts to protest, but with the repeated question, he begins to wonder what his reality is: Is he actually dead, left to forever live his nightmare, or is this taunt just another part of the dream? The conclusion of the song leaves the ending open to the listener.
Vince Gill again plays lead guitar on this track.
"The Underture".
Cooper compares the instrumental final track to a Broadway overture, filled with pieces of songs from the show. In this case, "The Underture" feature themes and music from the two "Nightmares". In order, these are "Welcome to My Nightmare," "The Awakening," "Disco Bloodbath Boogie Fever," "Only Women Bleed," "Something to Remember Me By," "Devil's Food," "The Black Widow," "Ghouls Gone Wild," "I Am Made of You," "Years Ago," and concludes with "Steven."
"Under the Bed".
Continues with the overall theme of the nightmare by describing "they" who live "Under The Bed" and torment the narrator at night. The song contains a snippet of the guitar riff from "Welcome to My Nightmare" around the 3-minute mark and a brief guitar riff at various points that is reminiscent of "The Black Widow" from the original Nightmare album. The song was made available only on the fan pack and Best Buy release. Small parts of the song seem to mirror the rhythm of the chorus to "Black Widow".
"A Bad Situation".
"A Bad Situation" was based on the idea of Alice's worst nightmare: Sitting in a cubicle in a nine-to-five job. Originally titled "My Favorite Mutation." The song was an iTunes bonus track.
"Flatline".
"Flatline" is a track released only on the vinyl edition of the album. The dark ambient song starts out with the sound of a heart rate monitor that beeps every couple of seconds (making the heart rate approximately 22 beats per minute). 46 seconds into the song, the monitor flatlines and remains this way almost until the end of the song. During this time, ambient sounds play in the background of the beep.
Twelve seconds from the track's end, a deep, dark voice (similar to the one heard at the end of "What Baby Wants") can be heard saying Steven's name. This song implies that Steven has died, answering the question posed in "I Gotta Get Outta Here".
Reception.
The album received generally positive reviews from music critics, based on an aggregate score of 68/100 from Metacritic. "Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles" reviewer Mitch Lafon issued a review of the album on August 11. Noting that sequel albums are a "risky proposition", "Welcome 2 My Nightmare" was deemed "an equally comparable chef d’oeuvre." Lafon also praised the diverse sound on the album, explaining that it varies "from trashing disco to garage punk, pop balladry to a rocking number, very much in the spirit of the Rolling Stones."
William Clark of Guitar International wrote, "Every song off of this new record are absolutely noteworthy, and are bound to be stuck in your head for hours. And although voices in your head are a very serious and legitimate medical condition, I think we can make an exception with Alice Cooper". Allmusic also gave the album a four out of five star review.
Charts and sales.
"Welcome 2 My Nightmare" was expected to sell between 20,000 and 22,000 copies in the US during its first week on sale, though it actually ended up selling about 18,000. Album debuted at No. 22 on US Billboard chart which marked the highest debut for an album by Cooper in more than 20 years. The album also debuted on US Hard Rock Albums chart at No. 6 and Rock Albums chart at No. 11. In other countries, the album charted at No. 7 on the UK Top 40 Rock Albums, No. 16 in Australia, No. 17 in Finland, No. 19 in Sweden, No. 23 in Norway, No. 23 in New Zealand, No. 25 in Austria, No. 26 in Germany, No. 28 in Canada, also No. 2 on the Canadian Hard Rock Album Chart, No. 49 in Switzerland, No. 60 in Italy, No. 73 in France and No. 74 in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="30953023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953023" title="Henry Ferrers (antiquary)">
Henry Ferrers (antiquary)

Henry Ferrers (1549–1633) was an English antiquary and MP.
Life.
Ferrers was the son and heir of Edward Ferrers of Baddesley Clinton, Warwickshire, by Bridget, daughter and heiress of William, lord Windsor, and was born in that county on 26 January 1549. He became a student at Oxford, probably as a member of Hart Hall, in the beginning of Queen Elizabeth's reign, but it is not known whether he took a degree. Afterwards he retired to his patrimony, and devoted himself to the study of heraldry, genealogy, and antiquities. Ferrers was apparently the M.P. for Callington in 1597, and was a Catholic (Charles Dodd, "Church Hist." iii.74). He died on 10 October 1633, and was buried in the church of Baddesley Clinton.
Works.
He was the earliest collector of materials for the history of his county, with the exception of John Rous, and he intended to publish a "Perambulation of Warwickshire" on the model of William Lambarde's "Perambulation of Kent", but did not carry out the plan. William Camden says that he was "a man both for parentage and for knowledge of antiquity, very commendable and my special friend; who … hath at all times courteously shewed me the right way when I was out, and from his candle, as it were, hath lighted mine". William Dugdale, who in writing the "Antiquities of Warwickshire" made extensive use of Ferrers's manuscript collections, describes him as an eminent antiquary and "a man of distinguished worth, reflecting lustre on the ancient and noble family to which he belonged". John Guillim described Ferrers as "a man very judicious in matters of honour". Some of his manuscripts are preserved at the College of Arms, others in the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford, and the British Museum. "He had also in his younger days", says Anthony Wood, "a good faculty in poetry, some of which I have seen scattered in divers books printed in the reign of qu. Elizabeth" ("Athenæ Oxon." ed. Bliss, ii.572; see Ferrers, George).
The writer of the introduction to "Archæologia" conjectured that Ferrers was the author of "A Motion for erecting an Academy Royal, or Colledge of King James", a manuscript written in 1617, but the real author was Edmund Bolton.
Family.
He married, in October 1582, Jane, daughter and coheiress of Henry White, esq., of South Warnborough, Hampshire, son of Sir Thomas White, knight, and by her (who died 7 September 1586, aged 23) he had a son Edward and a daughter Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="30953025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953025" title="Agriculture in Sierra Leone">
Agriculture in Sierra Leone

Agriculture in Sierra Leone is a significant part of the economy of Sierra Leone with it accounting for 58 percent national Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in 2007. Two-thirds of the population of Sierra Leone are involved in subsistence agriculture. The agricultural sector grew by about 14 percent in 2007, led by crops, and five percent in 2008. Despite this growth the country is a net importer of food, for example in 2004 19,000 t of rice was imported.
Economics.
Agriculture accounts for more than half Sierra Leone's GDP, 58.5% in 2007. It is the largest employer with 80 percent of the population working in the sector and two thirds of the population involved in subsistence agriculture. In 2007 the sector grew by 14 percent, led by crops and by five percent in 2008. Despite this the country is not self-sufficient in food which is one of the country's biggest imports. Agricultural exports in 2006 accounted for 4 percent of total exports worth more than six million US dollars with cocoa being the biggest export accounting for more than 5 million US dollars of this.
Crops.
Rice is the most important staple crop in Sierra Leone with 85 percent of farmers cultivating rice during the rainy season and an annual consumption of 76 kg per person. In 2004 an area of was cultivated for rice producing an annual yield of 265,000 t. Rice is grown in three different ecologies, Mangrove swamp rice, upland rice and deepwater rice. With around of land in deepwater rice cultivation Sierra Leone is the main area for tropical deepwater rice.
The second staple food grown across the country is cassava with an annual yield of 350,000t in 2006. The main areas of production are in the south-west, central and far north. The main problems with cassava cultivation include disease and pests. Major diseases are the cassava mosaic disease and cassava bacterial blight, which have the greatest economic impact, cassava brown leaf spot, cassava anthracnose, and white thread fungus.
Other major annual food crops include Sorghum, Maize, Millet, Sweet potato and Groundnut.
Tree.
The main tree crop is the oil palm used for its perennial fruit, that can be processed into palm oil and sap which is turned into Palm wine. The other main perennial crops are citrus, sugarcane, cocoa, coffee, and coconut.
Livestock.
Common livestock in Sierra Leone are cattle, sheep, goats, pigs and poultry. The civil war seriously depleted the level of livestock in the country, although numbers have recovered since the end of the war in 2002. Most cattle are of the typanotolerant N'Dama breed and problem diseases include contagious bovine pleuropneumonia. Cattle are found in the north of the country and farming is dominated by the Fula ethnic group who own the majority of cattle in the country and often manage cattle owned by other groups. Poultry farming consists mainly of chickens, with some guinea fowl and Muscovy Ducks. 
Sheep are found across the whole of the country and are of the dwarf Djallonke breed. Goats are of the West African Dwarf breed. They are found all over the country but 60 percent live in the Northern Province. The breeds of sheep and goats are hardy, able to survive the rigorous environment and are resistant to the trypanosomiasis disease. The West African Dwarf goats can survive on grazing alone all year, even in the dry season, without the need for additional feed. Diseases that effect the sheep and goats include foot rot, internal parasites and heartwater.
Governance.
Agricultural development is a priority for the Government of Sierra Leone and falls under the remit of the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Food Security. On 22 September 2009 Sierra Leone signed the Comprehensive Africa Agricultural Development Programme (CAADP) compact, agreeing to raise the percentage of the budget spent and agriculture to 10 percent. In 2007 the percentage of the budget spent on agriculture was 1.7 percent but this had increased to 9.9 percent in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30953039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953039" title="Francisco Matos">
Francisco Matos

Francisco Aguirre Matos Mancebo (born July 23, 1969), is a Dominican former professional baseball player. He played part of one season in Major League Baseball appearing in 14 games for the Oakland Athletics during the 1994 season, primarily as a second baseman.
Overall, Matos played sixteen seasons in professional baseball. He was originally signed as a free agent by Oakland in 1987, but did not play professionally until 1989, when he made his debut with the Modesto A's. He played his last season in 2004 for the Brockton Rox of the Northeast League.

</doc>
<doc id="30953046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953046" title="Robinson-Steele v RD Retail Services Ltd">
Robinson-Steele v RD Retail Services Ltd

Robinson-Steele v RD Retail Services Ltd (2006) C-131/04 is a European labour law and UK labour law case concerning the Working Time Directive, which is relevant for the Working Time Regulations 1998.
Facts.
Employers would give people ‘rolled up’ holiday pay, by adding a so-called ‘premium’ to wages if holidays were not taken. In three cases a Tribunal and the Court of Appeal referred to the European Court of Justice the question whether this was permissible under the Working Time Directive article 7, which states that annual leave must be taken, and only if the employment relationship terminates may there be a pay in lieu.
"Robinson-Steele v RD Retail Services Ltd".
Mr Robinson-Steele worked as a redevelopment agent from April 2002 to December 2003, 5 days a week, or 4 nights a week, in 12 hour shifts, with a one week break over Christmas 2002. His first ‘temporary worker’ contract stated entitlement to leave was rolled into his ordinary pay at 8.33% of his hourly rate of £6.25 in the day and £7.75 at night per hour.
The Leeds Employment Tribunal held there was a conflict between an Employment Appeal Tribunal decision and the decision of the Inner House of the Court of Session, in "MPS Structure Ltd v Munro" over whether such ‘rolled up holiday pay’ was lawful. It made a reference to the ECJ.
"Clarke v Frank Staddon Ltd".
Mr Clarke worked as a hod carrier and brick cutter for Frank Staddon Ltd from 2 April to 23 June 2001. He was on holiday until 24 July 2001, and went back to work but was not paid between 23 June and 24 July. His contract said holiday pay is included within the daily rate of £85 per day (an August pay slip said: ‘Basic 8.689 Holiday 0.756 = £85 per day’), but in his contract before August 2001 there was no breakdown of the holiday pay in his pay slips. He claimed holiday pay from 2 April to 16 November 2001.
The Tribunal dismissed his application, and the EAT dismissed the appeal. The Court of Appeal held that the Tribunal found there was a break in continuity of the contract from 23 June to 24 July, and then a new contract. The EAT had ordered the case be referred back to the Tribunal to decide whether before August 2001 there had been any holiday pay in the contract, and any break in employment.
"Caulfield v Marshalls Clay Products Ltd".
Mr Caulfield worked for Marshalls Clay Products Ltd as general operators in the clay making factory at Accrington. He worked 4 days on, 4 days off, except Christmas and Boxing Day. Employees were not paid for the days when they did not work. The GMB collective agreement, incorporated into contracts, stated in clause 3 that holiday pay would be incorporated into the hourly rate, and holidays are taken during the rest day periods in the rota system. Each person could also get two 8 day consecutive breaks, and one 16 day consecutive break, with the timing agreed locally, and by pooling their 4 day breaks and agreeing with other staff to cover for them while they were off. They had 31 days’ holiday per year, and the hourly rate included 13.36% holiday pay. If there was overtime, employees would get 30%, 50% or 100% more in respect of both normal and holiday pay. Mr Caulfield and his colleagues took a holiday in June 2001 for up to 16 days, and also rest days. In the end they worked 182 days, with 24.32 days’ holiday pay, at £6.629 in normal pay and 88.6p for holiday pay. They claimed holiday pay for the period between 1 October 1998 and 3 September 2001, arguing the 8 and 16 day leave periods meant they did just as much as other workers who stuck to the 4 days’ on 4 days’ off system.
The Manchester Employment Tribunal held they should be compensated. The EAT allowed the company’s appeal. The Court of Appeal held rolled up holiday pay did not discourage workers from taking holiday, that this arrangement was properly negotiated by collective agreement, which was legitimate, and it was not incompatible with the Directive or the WTR 1998. But it referred to the ECJ asking whether rolled up holiday pay violated article 7 of the Directive; was it different if no more pay was given after a contract inserted a rolled up holiday pay term; if yes can credit be given for that payment to set off the entitlement under the Directive; and does the employer need to pay the worker during the period of leave or can payments be made in instalments throughout the year?
Judgment.
The European Court of Justice held that giving rolled up holiday pay was not permissible, because it could create a disincentive for workers to take holidays. Holidays are a principle of Community law from which there could be no derogations. Article 7(1) was intended to enable workers to actually take leave. The point of payment for holidays was that a worker would be in a position comparable during leave as when leave is taken. Article 7(2) made clear that a payment in lieu could be taken only where the employment relationship is terminated. Otherwise the right to leave would effectively be replaced by payment in lieu. However employers are entitled to set off rolled up pay against periods of leave that are "actually taken".

</doc>
<doc id="30953057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953057" title="Glenn Davies">
Glenn Davies

Glenn Naunton Davies (born 26 September 1950) is an Australian Anglican bishop. He is the current Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of the Province of New South Wales in the Anglican Church of Australia.
Davies was educated at the University of Sydney, Westminster Theological Seminary, Moore Theological College and the University of Sheffield. He was ordained in 1981 and began his ordained ministry as a curate at St Stephen’s, Willoughby. He was then a lecturer at Moore Theological College until 1995, rector of St Luke’s, Miranda. He has been the canon theologian of the Diocese of Ballarat. A recipient of the Centenary Medal, he was the Bishop of the North Region (of Sydney) from 2002 to 2013. In 2013, he was nominated by 182 members of synod for Archbishop of Sydney. He was subsequently elected and became the archbishop-elect on 6 August 2013. His installation service was held on 23 August 2013.
Publications.
Davies is the author of "Faith and Obedience in Romans" (1989, Sheffield Academic Press) as well as numerous journal articles and essays.

</doc>
<doc id="30953058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953058" title="Allobacha">
Allobacha

Allobaccha is a large genus of hoverfly.

</doc>
<doc id="30953076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953076" title="Slavomír Kica">
Slavomír Kica

Slavomír Kica (born 13 October 1984) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the 2. liga club Partizán Bardejov.

</doc>
<doc id="30953078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953078" title="1929 Luft Hansa Junkers G 31 crash">
1929 Luft Hansa Junkers G 31 crash

The 1929 Luft Hansa Junkers G.31 crash occurred on 6 November 1929 when a Junkers G 31 of Luft Hansa crashed at Godstone, Surrey, United Kingdom whilst on an international scheduled flight from Croydon, Surrey, United Kingdom to Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Of the eight people on board, Glen Kidston was the only survivor.
Aircraft.
The accident aircraft was Junkers G.31 D-903 "Oberschlesien", c/n 911.
Accident.
On 6 November 1929, the aircraft was operating a scheduled international passenger flight from Croydon to Amsterdam. The aircraft departed at 09:54. The weather at the time was poor. It was reported that the pilot may have been attempting to return to Croydon when the aircraft crashed into some trees at Marden Park, Godstone in thick fog. The aircraft burst into flames, all three crew and three of the five passengers were killed in the crash. Glen Kidston escaped from the wreckage on fire, and extinguished the flames himself by rolling in the grass, sustaining minor injuries. Prince Eugen of Schaumburg-Lippe also escaped from the wreckage, but he was seriously injured. Kidston raised the alarm and reported the accident to Croydon Airport. He was treated at Caterham Cottage Hospital. The fire was eventually extinguished by firemen from Caterham. Personnel from RAF Kenley assisted the local police in collecting the remains of the deceased and transporting them to a mortuary in Caterham. Von Schaumburg-Lippe died the day after the accident from injuries sustained in the crash.
After being treated for his injuries, Kidston returned to Croydon where he made a short flight, before returning home to Grosvenor Square, Mayfair, London. An inquest was opened at Caterham on 8 November. After hearing identification evidence, it was adjourned until 22 November, when it was hoped that Kidston would be fit enough to give evidence. The inquest resumed as scheduled. Evidence was given that the aircraft was flying at an altitude of before descending to an altitude of above ground level. At the time of the crash, the aircraft was flying in a northerly direction. Von Schaumburg-Lippe had been thrown clear of the aircraft in the crash. A verdict of "accidental death" was returned in all cases.
Casualties.
The nationalities of the victims were-

</doc>
<doc id="30953081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953081" title="George Henry Strutt">
George Henry Strutt

George Henry Strutt DL (14 September 1826 – 14 April 1895) was an English cotton manufacturer and philanthropist.
Strutt was born at Belper, Derbyshire, the son of Jedediah Strutt (1785–1854) and his wife Susannah Walker. The Strutt family had been cotton manufacturers at Belper since the time of Jedediah Strutt. Strutt lived at Bridge Hill House, Belper. He instigated the construction of Christ Church, Belper which was completed in 1850 and subsequently funded a substantial stone vicarage. He was a J.P. and Deputy Lieutenant of Derbyshire. In 1869 he was High Sheriff of Derbyshire
In 1870 Strutt converted a building in Belper into a cottage hospital for convescent mill workers. In November 1870 he attended the inaugural meeting of Derbyshire County Cricket Club and became vice president of the club. He arranged for Belper Market Place to be paved in 1880. and donated £1000 to an endowment fund for the Derbyshire Hospital for Sick Children in 1885. In 1887 Strutt became President of Derbyshire County Cricket Club and was a generous supporter of the club. He donated a fire engine to the town of Belper in 1889. 
Strutt travelled extensively in continental Europe and his travel diaries from 1864 to 1893, including an account of an earthquake in the Alps, are held in the archives of Derbyshire Record Office The people of Belper paid for a fountain to be placed in the centre of their market place to thank Strutt for his support. The fountain has never worked because it was never connected to the water supply.
Strutt married Agnes Anne Ashton, daughter of Edward Ashton of West End, Prescot, Lancashire, at Belper on 15 September 1846. He was the father of George Herbert Strutt and daughters Lucy Frances and Clara.

</doc>
<doc id="30953107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953107" title="Todd Revenig">
Todd Revenig

Todd Michael Revenig (born June 28, 1969) is a former American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Oakland Athletics during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="30953126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953126" title="Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs v Stringer">
Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs v Stringer

"Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs v Stringer and Schultz-Hoff v Deutsche Rentenversicherung Bund" [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/2009/31.html UKHL 31 is a European labour law and UK labour law case concerning the Working Time Directive, which is relevant for the Working Time Regulations 1998.
Facts.
Workers were not paid for annual leave because they had had long term illnesses. They requested that they be paid the holiday wage, which they could not take because they had been sick. One asked if she could take annual leave that she missed before, after she returned to work. The rest had been dismissed. They were all refused requests for pay for holidays, the lady who returned because the law said three months after the year in which the leave fell. They made a claim for unauthorised deductions under the Employment Rights Act 1996 sections 13 (the right) and 23 (a limit of three months since last deduction, but workers can claim for the whole of the deductions).
Judgment.
Court of Appeal.
The Court of Appeal held that a claim for deduction of holiday pay could not be brought as an unauthorised deduction from wages under ERA 1996, applying WTR rr 13 and 14. The House of Lords in Commissioners of Inland Revenue v Ainsworth [2005 IRLR 465 referred the question to the ECJ.
European Court of Justice.
The European Court of Justice held that legislation cannot allow that the right to take paid leave is extinguished at the end of the year if the worker does not work because of sickness. If employment is terminated then a worker is entitled to get an allowance of lieu according to Art 7(2). The purpose of the Directive, one of the most important social rights for workers, was to allow a period of rest and it was legitimate that if one was actually ill, there was no rest.
House of Lords.
Back at the House of Lords, the Inland Revenue accepted that wages in lieu of holiday had to be paid, but that the more generous procedure for claiming under ERA 1996 was not open, because the definition of wages in s 27 was comprehensive and did not cover working time claims. It was deliberately never amended. Lord Rodger, Lord Walker and Lord Neuberger held that the Working Time Regulations 1998, regulation 30, which gives a time limit of three months only for each individual deduction, was not the only claim, and an action could be brought under the Employment Rights Act 1996. A payment under the Working Time Regulations 1998 regulation 14 was a sum payable to a worker in connection with employment, clearly within ERA 1996 s 27(1) and ‘holiday pay’ was there specifically. If it were not so, the principle of equivalence - that a no less favourable remedy would be available in national law as for EU law - would be infringed.

</doc>
<doc id="30953133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953133" title="Duarte de Almeida Bello">
Duarte de Almeida Bello

Duarte Manuel Pinto Coelho de Almeida Bello (26 July 1921 – 3 July 1994) was a Portuguese competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Swallow class at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, together with his brother Fernando Pinto Coelho Bello.

</doc>
<doc id="30953147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953147" title="James Bucknall">
James Bucknall

Lieutenant General Sir James Jeffrey Corfield Bucknall, KCB, CBE (born 1958) is a retired British Army officer and former Commander of the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps.
Early life.
Bucknall was born in 1958. He was educated at Winchester College, a boys public boarding school in Winchester, Hampshire.
Military career.
In April 1977, Bucknall joined the British Army as a guardsman. In September 1977, he entered the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. He graduated the following year and was commissioned into Her Majesty's Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards as a second lieutenant on a short service commission on 8 April 1978. His first promotion was to lieutenant in April 1980. He transferred from a short service commission to a regular commission in 1983, retaining seniority in his rank, before promotion to captain in October 1984.
After attending the Staff College, Camberley, Bucknall attained field officer status with promotion to major in September 1990. He took up a company command, after which he served in a staff post at HQ Northern Ireland, and was Mentioned in Despatches in recognition of his services in the province. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1995, prior to assuming command of 1st Battalion, Coldstream Guards in Germany. In 1998, he was appointed chief of staff of 1st Armoured Division, and deployed to Bosnia to join the division. 
He was promoted to colonel in 1999 and, after completing the Higher Command and Staff Course, to brigadier on 31 December 2001, with seniority from 30 June 2001. Bucknall returned to Northern Ireland in 2003, taking command of 39 Infantry Brigade, with responsibility for Belfast and the surrounding area during The Troubles. After Northern Ireland, Bucknall was assigned to the Ministry of Defence in London as Director Counter-Terrorism and UK Operations, after which he served in a staff position in Baghdad with responsibility for strategic planning, for which he was later awarded the American Legion of Merit.
High command.
Bucknall attained general officer status with promotion to major general on 18 September 2006, whereupon he was appointed Chief of Staff of NATO's Allied Rapid Reaction Corps and initially deployed to Afghanistan to join, becoming chief of staff to , led by the ARRC. From 2009 to 2010, Bucknall served as an Assistant Chief of the General Staff.
Bucknall was promoted to Lieutenant General on 31 August 2010. He was appointed Deputy Commander of the International Security Assistance Force—second in command of 130,000 troops from 48 countries—and United Kingdom National Contingent Commander, Kabul—overall commander of all British forces in Afghanistan—succeeding General Sir Nick Parker. While in Afghanistan, Bucknall emphasised that a continued effort was required to maintain the momentum in improving the security situation in the country, saying "progress is not irreversible, we are yet to make it so. But we are certainly on the right track". In February 2011 he became Commander of the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps.
He retired from the British Army on 23 November 2013.
Personal life.
Bucknall lists his interests as history, field sports, cricket and association football, supporting Newcastle United F.C..
Honours and decorations.
In 2009, he was awarded the Legion of Merit in the degree of Officer by the United States "in recognition of gallant and distinguished services during coalition operations". He was granted unrestricted permission to wear the decoration on his uniform. He was awarded the Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service 'in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in Afghanistan during the period 1st April 2011 to 30th September 2011'.
He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) 'in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in Northern Ireland in the period 1st April to 30th September 1994'. He was promoted to Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in Northern Ireland in the period 1st April to 30th September 2003'. He was knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 2013 New Year Honours.
He was appointed honorary colonel of the Coldstream Guards in October 2009, in succession to Sir Michael Rose.

</doc>
<doc id="30953154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953154" title="Róbert Mazáň">
Róbert Mazáň

Róbert Mazáň (born 9 February 1994) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club FK Senica.
Club career.
AS Trenčín.
Mazáň made his debut in the November 2011, 2–0 Corgoň Liga loss against FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda. 
FK Senica.
On 2 February 2014, Mazáň signed a new two and a half year contract that runs until 30 June 2016 with FK Senica.

</doc>
<doc id="30953155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953155" title="Samuel Štefánik">
Samuel Štefánik

Samuel Štefánik (born 16 November 1991) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Eredivisie club NEC and the Slovakia national under-21 football team.
Career.
On September 2, 2013, he signed four-year contract with N.E.C.
International career.
On August 14, 2013 he made his debut for Slovakia national team against Romania, enering in as a substitute in place of Marek Hamšík.

</doc>
<doc id="30953158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953158" title="Patrik Mišák">
Patrik Mišák

Patrik Mišák (born 29 March 1991) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club AS Trenčín.

</doc>
<doc id="30953159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953159" title="Boris Godál">
Boris Godál

Boris Godál (born 27 May 1987) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Polish Ekstraklasa club Zagłębie Lubin.
Club career.
Zagłębie Lubin.
On 18 February 2013, Godál joined Polish side Zagłębie Lubin on a two and half-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="30953160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953160" title="Peter Čögley">
Peter Čögley

Peter Čögley (born 11 August 1988) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club AS Trenčín.

</doc>
<doc id="30953162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953162" title="Karol Mondek">
Karol Mondek

Karol Mondek (born 2 June 1991) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club AS Trenčín.

</doc>
<doc id="30953164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953164" title="Jakub Holúbek">
Jakub Holúbek

Jakub Holúbek (born 12 January 1991) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club FK AS Trenčín.

</doc>
<doc id="30953165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953165" title="Filip Hlohovský">
Filip Hlohovský

Filip Hlohovský (born 13 June 1988) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club ŠK Slovan Bratislava.
Club career.
Hlhovský was born in Handlová. Filip started his career in Prievidza, later was transferred to AS Trenčín. On 28 May 2012, he signed a four-year contract with ŠK Slovan Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="30953167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953167" title="Tomáš Malec (footballer)">
Tomáš Malec (footballer)

Tomáš Malec (born 5 January 1993) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for AS Trenčín.
He became with 14 goals 2013–14 Slovak First Football League top scorer.

</doc>
<doc id="30953168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953168" title="Peter Valla">
Peter Valla

Peter Valla (born 20 March 1990 in Skalica) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for PFK Piešťany, on loan from the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FK AS Trenčín.

</doc>
<doc id="30953171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953171" title="Vojtech Horváth">
Vojtech Horváth

Vojtech Horváth (born 28 June 1984 in Dunajská Streda) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Polish First League club LKS Nieciecza.

</doc>
<doc id="30953172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953172" title="Miloš Volešák">
Miloš Volešák

Miloš Volešák (born 20 April 1984) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club AS Trenčín.

</doc>
<doc id="30953177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953177" title="San Antonio Rose (album)">
San Antonio Rose (album)

San Antonio Rose is a studio album by American country music artists Willie Nelson and Ray Price. It was released in 1980 via Columbia Records. The album peaked at number 3 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
Price had recorded an album by the same title in 1961 as a tribute to Bob Wills, on which Nelson played acoustic guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="30953193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953193" title="Ron Witmeyer">
Ron Witmeyer

Ronald Herman Witmeyer (born 1967) is a former American professional baseball player. He appeared in 11 games in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics during the 1991 season, primarily as a first baseman.

</doc>
<doc id="30953195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953195" title="Fernando Pinto Coelho Bello">
Fernando Pinto Coelho Bello

Fernando Pinto Coelho de Almeida Bello (1 September 1924 – 8 November 1995) was a Portuguese competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Swallow class at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, together with his brother Duarte de Almeida Bello.

</doc>
<doc id="30953196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953196" title="Landeshauptstadt Kiel v Jaeger">
Landeshauptstadt Kiel v Jaeger

Landeshauptstadt Kiel v Jaegar (2003) C-151/02 is a European labour law case concerning the EU Working Time Directive.
Facts.
A doctor remained on call between shifts and was given a room to sleep in at the hospital. The collective agreement said the average time working when on call (periods between 16 and 25 hours) should not exceed 49% of the on call period. Dr Jaeger argued that all on call time should be regarded as working time. The Bundesarbeitsgericht asked for a preliminary ruling, asking whether under art 3 and art 6 of 93/104/EC time spent on call was working time (as implemented by the Law on Working Time 1994 §5 III in Germany). The law said Dr Jaeger had to stay at work, but could sleep there if not required to work. On average, Dr Jaeger did spend 49% of his time on call. The time spent inactive was deemed to be a rest period.
Judgment.
The European Court of Justice held that all time he was required to be at the hospital, even when sleeping, was to be regarded as working time. The Directive, after the "SIMAP case" could not be taken to treat inactive on call time as a rest period. Dr Jaeger, by being required to stay at work was subject to greater constraints than a doctor at home, because he was kept apart from his family and social environment. The 1994 Act breached the Directive by letter Dr Jaeger’s collective agreement proide for offsetting of only active on call time. Under Art 17, a derogation to allow for a reduction of the daily minimum rest of 8 hours could only be granted if a period of rest followed immediately, and a reduction could not allow the maximum weekly working time to be exceeded.
Significance.
Following the ECJ's decision, the European Commission in COM (2004) 607 final, proposed that time spent at work on call need not be classed as ‘working time’. The proposal has not been adopted. But in response member states by a dramatic degree increased the number of opt-outs for health work. 15 governments apply opt outs, mostly in respect of health care.

</doc>
<doc id="30953215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953215" title="Barber v RJB Mining (UK) Ltd">
Barber v RJB Mining (UK) Ltd

Barber v RJB Mining (UK) Ltd ICR 679 is a UK labour law case concerning the Working Time Directive and the Working Time Regulations 1998.
Facts.
Pit deputies refused to opt out of the 48 hour week. They had always worked over 48 hours in each of the 17 weeks since the Working Time Regulations 1998 came into force. They wanted an injunction for their Working Time Regulations 1998 regulation 4 rights. They argued the regulations were incorporated into their contracts of employment. The employers argued that there was no such right, but merely that Working Time Regulations 1998 regulation 4(2) required employers to take ‘reasonable steps’ to ensure the duty was complied with and the obligation could only be justiciable if the workers had suffered detriment or dismissal.
Judgment.
Gage J held that ‘Parliament intended that all contracts of employment should be read so as to provide that an employee should work no more than an average of 48 hours in any week during the reference period.’ He said that the employees were entitled to stop working until their hours rights were complied with, because the Working Time Regulations 1998 gave rise to a contractual obligation on the employer’s part. He did not issue an injunction, however, because it was in the context of an industrial dispute and that would give the claimants here the right to stop work for 5 weeks and 2 weeks. So it would be left up to the individuals, in this case, to choose.

</doc>
<doc id="30953270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953270" title="Identity code">
Identity code

Identity code may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30953274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953274" title="Dollhouse (season 2)">
Dollhouse (season 2)

The second and final season of the television series "Dollhouse" premiered on September 25, 2009 on Fox and concluded its 13-episode season on January 29, 2010. The season aired on Fridays at 9:00 pm ET.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
Fox renewed "Dollhouse" for a second season, although the show received a dramatic budget cut. For this reason, four out of the seven lead actors do not appear in every episode of the season. Harry Lennix and Enver Gjokaj are both absent from two, while Tahmoh Penikett and Dichen Lachman are both absent from three. Amy Acker, whom Joss Whedon had intended to be a prominent component of the season, only appeared in three episodes due to the budget cut and her commitment to the short lived series, "Happy Town".
The series upgraded from 35 mm film to HD digital film for this season and shot much of the footage using hand held cameras, in the style of "Epitaph One". Joss Whedon, creator of the show, states on his audio commentary for "Vows" that shooting went so much faster than usual, due in part to the use of HD cameras and hand held direction, that his line producer, Kelly Manners, would often be; "scrambling for something to do."
The show also acquired a new cinematographer for the season, Lisa Wiegand, who removed much of the over head lighting present in the first season to give the series a more cinematic look.
Whedon had originally intended to film scenes of the apocalyptic future from "Epitaph One" throughout the season but under the opinion of both the studio and network decided to drop the idea—instead having the series finale be entirely set in said storyline. He in fact filmed scenes starring the three actors (Felicia Day, Zack Ward and Adair Tishler) for the first episode but these were later added to the beginning of "" because, as Whedon notes; "We didn't have the money to shoot an entire episode."
Fox failed to air the series during November "sweeps period" and instead aired back to back episodes of the series for the first three weeks in December ending with episode ten "The Attic". This decision sparked rumor amongst fans and critics that Fox was indeed intending to cancel the show (a threat present since the first season) and despite an increase in critical acclaim throughout the season, Fox canceled the show after the fourth episode aired, citing declining ratings as the reason.
The remaining three episodes aired in January with the series finale held back a week due to the charity telethon.
Crew.
Series creator Joss Whedon continued to serve as executive producer and showrunner. Michelle Fazekas and Tara Butters joined as consulting producers, replacing Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain, and wrote the second and penultimate episodes of the show; "Instinct" and "The Hollow Men". Whedon wrote and directed the season premiere "Vows" but is not credited with either writing or directing any other episode of the show. Tim Minear, promoted to executive producer, again wrote two episodes ("Belle Chose" and "Getting Closer") and directed the latter. Tracey Bellomo and Andrew Chambliss remained with the show and were promoted to story editors. Each wrote or co-wrote two and four episodes respectively while Maurissa Tancharoen and Jed Whedon (also promoted to story editors) wrote or co-wrote the remainder of the episodes including; "Belonging", "Meet Jane Doe", "The Attic" and the series finale "". Jenny DeArmit, the writer's assistant during the first season, wrote the episode "A Love Supreme".
David Solomon was promoted to executive producer and again directed the highest amount of episodes of the season, directing three out of the thirteen including the series finale. Comic book artist John Cassaday, who has worked closely with Whedon when he wrote the "Astonishing X-Men" arc for Marvel Comics, directed the tenth episode of the season. Other directors included Marita Grabiak, Jonathan Frakes, Wendey Stanzler, David Straiton, Felix Alcalá, Terrence O'Hara and Dwight Little.
Eliza Dushku and Kelly A. Manners again acted as producer and line producer respectively. 
Ross Berryman, who was the show's cinematographer for the first season, was replaced by Lisa Wiegand.
Home video releases.
"Dollhouse": Season Two was released on DVD and Blu-ray in region 1 on October 12, 2010 and in region 2 October 11, 2010. It includes all 13 episodes on a 4-disc DVD set and a 3-disc Blu-ray set presented in anamorphic widescreen 1.78:1 aspect ratio. Special features include three commentary tracks—"Vows" by Joss Whedon; "Belonging" by Maurissa Tancharoen and Jed Whedon; and "Getting Closer" by Tim Minear, which is Blu-ray exclusive. Featurettes include, "Defining Moments", a look at the second season; and "Looking Back", a discussion with Joss Whedon and several cast members as they reminisce about the show. Also included are series outtakes and deleted scenes from various episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="30953279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953279" title="Sindicato de Médicos de Asistencia Pública v Conselleria de Sanidad y Consumo de la Generalidad Valenciana">
Sindicato de Médicos de Asistencia Pública v Conselleria de Sanidad y Consumo de la Generalidad Valenciana

Sindicato de Medicos de Asistencia Publica v Conselleria de Sanidad y Consumo de la Generalidad Valenciana (2000) C-303/98 is a European labour law and UK labour law case concerning the Working Time Directive, which is relevant for the Working Time Regulations 1998.
Facts.
The Spanish legislation that implemented the Working Time Directive applied only to private sector workers. The question was if Spanish doctors in the "Sindicato de Médicos de Asistencia Pública" were engaged in public sector work described as in regulation 18(2)(a) (now updated through Article 17), which gave examples of the armed forces and police.
Judgment.
The European Court of Justice held that health care workers could not be ‘assimilated to such activities’ to fall within the exception for essential public sector workers like the armed forces. According to the general principles of construction, ‘it is clear both from the object of the basic Directive, namely to encourage improvement in the safety and health of workers at work, and from the wording of Article 2(1) thereof, that it must necessarily be broad in scope. It follows that the exceptions to the scope of the basic Directive, including that provided for in Article [1(3)] must be interpreted restrictively.’ This meant that time doctors spent ‘on call’ where they were ‘obliged to respond to requests for home visits and urgent requests’ was working time and so time going over the 48 hour ceiling violated the Directive.

</doc>
<doc id="30953282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953282" title="Kakopathar">
Kakopathar

"Kakopather"or "Kakopathar" (Assamese: কাকপখাৰ) is a town in the district of Tinsukia, Assam, India. Kakopather is known for notorious Kakopather Massacre took place in 2006. There are 15 Gaon Panchayat under Kakopather Development Block. Around 27 villages are there under Kakopather Gaon Panchayat including Kakopather town.
Kailashpur.
Kailashpur is one of the villages under Kakopather tahsil. Kailashpur is about 50 km away from its district main city Tinsukia. Kailashpur gaon is the center of Kailashpur Gaon Panchayat. Kailashpur High School is the main educational center in this region. Renown Assamese linguist Prof Benu Gogoi was the first Doctor of Philosophy from Kailashpur.
Education.
Kakopather College was established in 1995-96. There are many Schools around Kakopather town-
1. Kakopather Higher Seconday
2. Kakopather Girls High School
3. Kakopather Hindi High School
4. Jyotirmoy High School
5. Teji High School
6. Kasijan High School
7. Jatiyo Vidyalaya
8. Sarbajanin High School.
Kakopather Incident.
On February 10, 2006, nine people were killed by bullets of the armed forces and Assam Police at Kakopather in Tinsukia district of Assam. Six of them were protesters and two were residents of Kakopather hit by stray bullets from the indiscriminate firing. The protesters were among the thousands of residents that poured out from villages in and around Kakopather and took to the streets demanding justice for the custodial death of Ajit Mahanta, a 23 years old resident of Dirak Gohain gaon in Kakopather.
Ajit Mahanta was picked up by personnel of the 13th Gorkha Regiment of the Indian Army stationed in the area. The incident took place on February 4, 2006. At about six in the evening, seven people came to Mahanta's bamboo and thatched house where he lived with his mother, wife and two children. Five of the people were in uniform and the other two wore civilian clothes. They asked for Mahanta and his wife replied that he had gone to a neighbour's. The military personnel went searching for him and picked him up from the way. The Army later took his body to the Assam Medical College and Hospital claiming that he died in a fall. This happened on February 6, 2006.
Following the incident on February 7, 2006, the residents of the area and other neighbouring villages came out in protest. Thousands of people blocked the National Highway 52 near Soonjan village in protest against the killing. They demanded the guilty to be punished at once. However, no action was taken against the military personnel responsible for the death of Mahanta. This led to the increase in protests and number of protesters. People started protesting at various other places like Chabua, Pengeri and Doomdooma. However, the administration turned a blind eye to the situation and did not take the case seriously even after increasing protests.
On February 10, 2006, people gathered at Dirak Chariali and started marching towards Kakopather. Police tried to stop them, but the protesters edged on. Then the police started firing tear shells and bullets in the air. When the protesters showed no signs of fear, the police and armed forces started indiscriminate firing resulting in the death of nine people.

</doc>
<doc id="30953283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953283" title="Casino Central">
Casino Central

The Casino Central ("Central Casino") is located in Mar del Plata, Argentina, and is one of the largest such establishments in the country. 
Overview.
The Central Casino is one of a pair of twin buildings designed by architect Alejandro Bustillo. Inspired by seafront Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz, France, the casino and neighboring Grand Provincial Hotel (inaugurated in 1950) remain architectural landmarks of the city of Mar del Plata as well as of Argentina. Its decoration was planned by famed French designer Jean-Michel Frank (who was in Argentina at work on the Llao Llao Hotel) together with local interior design house Casa Comte. Ground was broken on the casino's construction on July 15, 1938, by the Concordance Governor of Buenos Aires Province, Manuel Fresco, and the Central Casino was inaugurated on December 22, 1939.
Bustillo's twin buildings were designed in an eclectic style, but with reminiscences of French Neoclassical architecture. The buildings were clad in brick and quartzite, and topped with a slate mansard. Bustillo also designed the development's surrounding Bristol Esplanade, or "Rambla Casino", and central square, both built from 1938 to 1941 for the casino and future hotel. Guillermo Brown Square separates the two twin buildings, and opens to the sea via wide stone steps flanked by two iconic statues of sea lions, carved by José Fioravanti.
The casino was refurbished by the provincial government in December 2007, and the Grand Provincial Hotel was reopened by Madrid-based NH Hotels in February 2009.
The grand entrance of the Central Casino, marked by a canopy, was located on Patricio Peralta Ramos Avenue, but was moved to the seashore esplanade following its 2007 refurbishment. Gaming space includes a main room overlooking the Atlantic Ocean, as well as rooms for high rollers (140 tables, including blackjack, baccarat, craps, and roulette) and for slot machines (630). The casino welcomes around 12,000 players per evening during the summer tourist season, with as many as 18,000 daily during January weekends. 
The Central Casino shares the north building with a 66-room four star hotel, the Auditorium Theatre, the Ástor Piazzolla Room, a sports arena that hosted gymnastics tournaments and numerous other events at the 1995 Pan American Games, and the School of Hospitality. The ground floor also houses numerous storefronts and is surrounded by a portico along its beachfront side.

</doc>
<doc id="30953295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953295" title="Milt Ramírez">
Milt Ramírez

Milton Ramírez Barboza (born April 2, 1950, at Mayagüez, Puerto Rico) is a retired Puerto Rican Major League Baseball infielder. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals during the and seasons and the Oakland Athletics during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="30953305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953305" title="Yohn Geiller Mosquera">
Yohn Geiller Mosquera

Yohn Géiller Mosquera Martínez, better known as Yohn Géiller Mosquera (born April 15, 1989), is a Colombian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Independiente Medellín of the Colombian First Division.
Career.
Born in Turbo city, Yohn Geiller Mosquera started his professional career in 2009, playing for Medellín. He played six Colombian First Division games for the club without scoring a goal. He was transferred to Série A club Bahia of Brazil on February 20, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30953309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953309" title="Thomas Fitzmaurice">
Thomas Fitzmaurice

Thomas Fitzmaurice or Thomas FitzMaurice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30953315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953315" title="2013 World Junior Figure Skating Championships">
2013 World Junior Figure Skating Championships

The 2013 World Junior Figure Skating Championships was an international figure skating competition in the 2012–2013 season. Commonly called "World Juniors" and "Junior Worlds", the event determined the World Junior champions in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
The event was held in Milan, Italy from 25 February to 3 March 2013.
Qualification.
The competition was open to skaters from ISU member nations who were at least 13 but not 19—or 21 for male pair skaters and ice dancers—before July 1, 2012 in their place of birth. National associations selected their entries according to their own criteria but the ISU mandated that their selections achieve a minimum technical elements score (TES) at an international event prior to the Junior Worlds. 
The term "Junior" in ISU competition refers to age, not skill level. Skaters may remain age-eligible for Junior Worlds even after competing nationally and internationally at the senior level. At junior events, the ISU requires that all programs conform to junior-specific rules regarding program length, jumping passes, types of elements, etc.
Number of entries per discipline.
Based on the results of the 2012 World Junior Championships, the ISU allowed each country one to three entries per discipline. Countries which qualified more than one entry in a discipline:
If not listed above, one entry was allowed.
Entries.
Member nations selected the following entries:
China removed Yan Han from the roster, despite having three spots. No reason was given.
Schedule of events.
Subject to changes:
Overview.
2012 silver medalist Joshua Farris, Shotaro Omori, and Jason Brown, all of the United States, took the top three spots after the men's short program. In the free skate, Farris was second to Brown but finished first overall, Brown moved up from third to take the silver medal, and Omori obtained the bronze. The three Americans produced the first ever sweep of the men's podium at the World Junior Championships.
Samantha Cesario of the United States was first in the ladies' short program, followed by Anna Pogorilaya of Russia and another American Courtney Hicks. Russia's Elena Radionova won the free skate and moved up from fifth to take the gold, Yulia Lipnitskaya climbed from fourth to take silver, and Pogorilaya ended with the bronze. They produced Russia's third sweep of the ladies' podium at Junior Worlds (previously in 1996 and 1998). The sound system failed before the last two skaters, resulting in a thirty minute interruption.
2012 silver medalists Yu Xiaoyu / Jin Yang of China led after the pairs' short program, with Margaret Purdy / Michael Marinaro of Canada and Haven Denney / Brandon Frazier in second and third respectively. The free skate was delayed by 1 hour and 20 minutes due to a technical problem. Denney / Frazier rose from third to take the gold, Purdy / Marinaro remained in second, and Russia's Lina Fedorova / Maxim Miroshkin climbed from seventh to take the bronze.
2012 silver medalists Alexandra Stepanova / Ivan Bukin of Russia placed first in the short dance, followed by Gabriella Papadakis / Guillaume Cizeron of France and Alexandra Aldridge / Daniel Eaton of the United States. Stepanova / Bukin also won the free dance and took gold. Papadakis / Cizeron held on to silver after placing third in the segment. Papadakis sprained her ankle in an off-ice warm up before the morning practice on March 1. She paused the free dance after 2:52 minutes and was allowed a medical break, after which she and Cizeron completed the dance. Aldridge / Eaton were the bronze medalists for the second year in a row.
Medals summary.
By country.
Table of medals for overall placement:
Table of small medals for placement in the short segment:
Table of small medals for placement in the free segment:
Medalists.
Medals for overall placement
Small medals for placement in the short segment
Small medals for placement in the free segment

</doc>
<doc id="30953319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953319" title="Ellachipur Sanman">
Ellachipur Sanman

Ellachipur Sanman is a species of chili pepper grown mainly in the Amravati district of Maharashtra state, central India. When dried, the chilis turn a dark red color and develop an intense, fiery flavor.

</doc>
<doc id="30953320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953320" title="Erminethrudis">
Erminethrudis

Erminethrudis - also known as Ermintrude - (died c 600), was a nun and a member of the Merovingian aristocracy who died in Paris about 600, leaving a will which survived as a rare example from the period.

</doc>
<doc id="30953337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953337" title="Betasyrphus">
Betasyrphus

Betasyrphus is a genus of hoverfly. 

</doc>
<doc id="30953346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953346" title="Francis Fressanges">
Francis Fressanges

Air Marshal Sir Francis Joseph Fressanges KBE CB (27 February 1902 – 17 October 1975) was a senior Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief at Far East Air Force.
RAF career.
Fressanges joined the Royal Air Force as a cadet in 1921. He served with No. 28 Squadron during North West Frontier operations. He was appointed Officer Commanding No. 84 Squadron in 1935 and then became a Staff Officer in the Directorate of Training at the Air Ministry. He served in World War II as Officer Commanding No. 210 Squadron and then as Officer Commanding No. 95 Squadron before becoming Deputy Director and then Director of Overseas Operations at the Air Ministry. He completed his war service as Air Officer Commanding No. 47 Group.
After the War he was appointed Director of Operations at the Air Ministry and then Air Officer Commanding British Forces Aden before taking over as Assistant Chief of the Air Staff (Intelligence) at the Air Ministry in 1952. He became Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief at Far East Air Force in 1954 and retired in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="30953347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953347" title="Darrell Woodard">
Darrell Woodard

Darrell Lee Woodard (born December 10, 1956) is a former American professional baseball player. He played part of one season in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics during the 1978 season. A second baseman for most of his professional career, he was primarily used by Oakland as a pinch runner, appearing in that capacity in 22 of his 33 games played.

</doc>
<doc id="30953353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953353" title="Arnold Elston">
Arnold Elston

Arnold Elston (September 30, 1907 – June 6, 1971) was an American composer and educator. Though he studied with Anton Webern, he did not himself use the twelve-tone technique.
Early life and career.
Elston was born in New York on September 30, 1907. He became a private pupil of Rubin Goldmark in 1928, and continued to study with him until 1930, in which year he received his A.B. from the College of the City of New York. He went on to take an M.A. from Columbia University in 1932, in which year he also won a Joseph H. Bearns Prize and the Mosenthal Traveling Fellowship. Using the funds from these prizes Elston was able to study with Anton Webern in Vienna. Though the experience was important for Elston, his music was never imitative of Webern in technique or style. He did not employ the twelve-tone technique, but his colleague Andrew Imbrie later observed that the influence of Webern could be heard in his "flexible use of motif as a unifying force, in a certain sprightliness of texture, and in a forward-pushing upbeat quality of phrase". Elston himself was later to write, I am clearly in the tradition of the Schoenberg school, probably closer to Schoenberg than to Webern or Berg. But I have never espoused the 12-tone technique. The early works of the Viennese school, such as Schoenberg's Five Orchestra Pieces, or Webern's Op. 6, or Op. 10, have always given me more pleasure than Webern's Symphony or Schoenberg's 3rd and 4th String Quartets. 
Elston returned to the US in 1935 and began a teaching career, working first at Vassar College and later at the College of the City of New York. In 1939 he studied conducting with Arthur Fiedler. His Harvard doctoral thesis, presented in 1939, was entitled "On Musical Dynamics". He then taught at Cambridge Junior College and gave instruction in composition at Longy School of Music, before securing a position at the University of Oregon in 1941.
Berkeley.
In 1957 Elston's chamber opera "Sweeney Agonistes" was premiered at the University of California Studio Theatre in Berkeley. Elston had composed the music between 1948 and 1950, using the second of the two fragments which comprise T. S. Eliot's "Sweeney Agonistes" as its libretto. In this performance the chamber orchestra of Elston's original score was replaced by a reduction for two pianos.
In 1958 Elston was appointed Professor of Music at the University of California, Berkeley. His next opera, "The Love of Don Perlimplin", based on Federico Garcia Lorca's "The Love of Don Perlimplín and Belisa in the Garden", was completed in 1958 and premiered in the Dedication Festival of the Alfred Hertz Memorial Hall of Music at the university later in that year.
Elston composed two works that were important contributions to American chamber music. The "String Quartet" completed in 1961 was the only one of Elston's works to be published during his lifetime, and was recorded by the Pro Arte Quartet. His "Piano Trio" was completed in 1967.
Elston's cantata "Great Age, Behold Us", completed in 1966, is a setting of words from Saint-John Perse's "Chronique". It was premiered in 1968 at Hertz Hall by the Oakland Symphony under Gerhard Samuel, alongside new works by
Henri Lazarof, Richard Swift, Karl Kohn, and Douglas Allanbrook. He completed an orchestral work in three movements, "Prelude, Paean, and Furioso", in 1970.
Death.
Elston died suddenly in 1971, whilst in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="30953361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953361" title="Feather Woman Lake">
Feather Woman Lake

Feather Woman Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is often ice clogged and is WSW of Sperry Glacier.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="30953363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953363" title="Amber Oak">
Amber Oak

Amber Oak is a Swedish band from Skellefteå, which was formed in 2008 by Erik Ekersund, Joseph Dahlberg and Albin Marklund. The band is signed to the Skellefteå-based record label A West Side Fabrication. Jonathan Eriksson and Alec Hofverberg joined in 2009 and then the band was complete.
History.
The band began its journey with the release of their EP "Your Missing Piece" on A West Side Fabrication 2009. The song "Audrey", who was played on various Swedish radio stations, was featured on "Your Missing Piece".
2011 the band released their debut album "Illt" which received good reviews in Swedish media.
They also released the single "Words" in the same year that had a heavy rotation on various Swedish radio stations.

</doc>
<doc id="30953364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953364" title="Maksim Fridman">
Maksim Fridman

Maksim Fridman was a Doctor of Science in Medicine, author of over 60 papers in abdominal and emergency surgery, urology, purulent and battle-field surgery.
Biography.
Maksim Fridman was born in Tulun, Irkutsk Governorate, into a Jewish family of Efim (Khaim) Ivanovich (Izrailevich) Fridman and Maria (Rakhil) Eduardovna Gillelson. Efim Ivanovich was a medical doctor, zemskii medical officer, and Maria Eduardovna was a dentist. Maksim was the second child in the family and had three sisters: Sofia, Nadezhda, and Elena. Education was the focus of the upbringing in the family, the children were raised with three governesses from England, France, and Germany, and were allowed to speak in Russian only on Sundays.
In 1919 Maksim graduated from gymnasium (school) with silver medal (his older sister Sonia, who graduated with the gold medal, taunted him: "Maksin'ka, silver medal is only given to bitches...") and became a student of Irkutsk University, Department of Jurisprudence. Next year he transferred to the Department of Medicine.
Maksim received M.D. in 1925.
In 1939 married Felitsia Yakovlevna Sheinbaum (jurist and economist). In 1940 they had son Alik (Alexei Fridman). It was a happy marriage.
1925 - surgeon, Railroad Hospital, Innokent'evskaya station (now Irkutsk station).
1927 - ordinator, surgery clinic of Irkutsk University
1929 - surgeon, Usole Regional Hospital, Irkursk Region
1931 - Moscow Clinic (need information)
1932 - 1934 - drafted to the Red Army, senior doctor, 56th cavalery regiment.
1934 - surgeon, Vsehsvyatsky Ambulatory, Moscow
1935 - entered graduate school, 1st department of clinical surgery, Institute of Continuing Medical Education for Doctors
1938 - drafted to work on batter field as a surgeon, lake Khasan
1941 - Ph. D. in Medicine
1941 - 1945 - surgery, Air Force Army department. During that time, developed a surgery for pilots whose fingers were frozen off (when the glass in the pit was broken, the fingers would be frozen and then amputated) with cutting into the palm and creating the ability for the pilots without fingers to hold objects.
1949 - Sci. Doctor in Medicine, dissertation "Motion points in muscles of upper extremities of human, and their practical significance".
1952 - 1973 Head of the surgery department [http://kgma.aknet.kg/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=80&Itemid=146&lang=ru], Kyrgyz Republic Medical Institute, now Kyrgyz State Medical Academy.
1973 - 1981 - Professor and consultant, surgery department, Kyrgyz Republic Medical Institute, now Kyrgyz State Medical Academy.
Author of over 60 papers in abdominal and emergency surgery, urology, purulent and battlefield surgery, Maksim Fridman was Doctor adviser for one Sci. Doctor, Mambet Mamakeev (:ru:Мамакеев, Мамбет Мамакеевич), and 15 Ph. D. in Medicine doctors. Interesting successful medical cases of Dr. Fridman include reviving a group of alpinists that were found after 3 days buried under snow avalanche by directing to transport them with heads in snow and then slowly warming while keeping heads at low temperature. The female patient died and three male patients survived. (need year (60s?) and details; one of the state awards) and two cases when a patient was shot in the heart during heart contraction, the pericarduim filled with blood preventing expansion, and the heart stopped. Both times the patient was revived (a battlefield soldier and a crime victim).
Publications.
Indexed in pubmed and medline:
Fridman ME, Kovaleva KS.,"Some data on the use of Nobel's operation in intestinal adhesions" Sov Zdravookhr Kirg. 1966 Sep-Oct;5:20-3. Russian. PMID 5999622
Fridman ME, Mamakeev MM, Kutmanbekov AK, Narbekov ON, "Classification of the severity of blood loss in gastroduodenal hemorrhages of peptic ulcer etiology" Zdravookhr Kirg. 1975 Nov-Dec (6):9-12. Russian. PMID 7088
Fridman ME., "On some current problems of surgery of purulent diseases" Sov Zdravookhr Kirg. 1966 Mar-Apr;2:3-7. Russian. PMID 5988539

</doc>
<doc id="30953375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953375" title="Sloan Farrington">
Sloan Farrington

Sloan Elmo Farrington (born 17 May 1923, date of death unknown) was a Bahamian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Star class at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, together with Durward Knowles. 

</doc>
<doc id="30953382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953382" title="Ryan Thomas (disambiguation)">
Ryan Thomas (disambiguation)

Ryan Thomas is an actor.
Ryan Thomas may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30953394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953394" title="Taïeb Djellouli">
Taïeb Djellouli

Mohamed Taïeb Djellouli (1857-1944) was a Tunisian politician. A member of an aristocratic Tunisian family, he served as the last Grand Vizier of the Beylik of Tunis from 1915 until 1922. His son Aziz Djellouli became a well-known businessman.

</doc>
<doc id="30953402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953402" title="Ian Saltmarsh">
Ian Saltmarsh

Ian John Lindsay Saltmarsh (28 July 1901 – 1970) was an English cricketer. Saltmarsh's batting and bowling styles are unknown. He was born in Chester, Cheshire.
Educated at Clifton College where he represented the College cricket team, Saltmarsh later made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Devon against the Surrey Second XI. From 1923 to 1924, he represented the county in 6 Championship matches, the last of which came against Cornwall. At some point beyond this, Saltmarsh moved to British Ceylon, where in the 1930/31 season he played his only first-class match for Dr J Rockwood's Europeans XI v Maharaj Kumar of Vizianagram's XI. In the team's first-innings he scored a 2 runs before being dismissed by Ghulam Mohammad. In their second-innings he was dismissed for a duck by Herbert Sutcliffe.
He died in Redruth, Cornwall in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="30953413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953413" title="1958 in fine arts of the Soviet Union">
1958 in fine arts of the Soviet Union

The year 1958 was marked by many events that left an imprint on the history of Soviet and Russian Fine Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="30953420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953420" title="Cinematic">
Cinematic

Cinematic may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30953429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953429" title="Hymn Before Action">
Hymn Before Action

Hymn Before Action is a poem written by Rudyard Kipling in 1896. It takes the form of a prayer by troops to God and to Mary on the eve of battle.
Publication history and reception.
The poem was inspired by the 1860 hymn "The Church's One Foundation" by Samuel John Stone. It was written and published in "The Times" at a time when news of the botched Jameson Raid of January 1896 reached Britain. Accordingly, it has been read as an expression of foreboding about increasing Great Power hostility to Britain – "The Nations in their harness / Go up against our path" – as a comment on filibustering and as an argument for responsible imperialism under God and the Law:
Published in Kipling's 1896 collection of poetry, "The Seven Seas", the patriotic hymn was among the works that consolidated Kipling's reputation as "The Laureate of Empire". Roger Pocock, the founder of the Legion of Frontiersmen, did not appear to notice Kipling's complex vision of the imperial task when he praised the poem in a letter to Kipling as "the biggest thing you've written so far." 
In 1930, an English choir drew some attention by refusing to sing the hymn on account of its "pagan character". The choir's secretary argued that it might be appropriate for "troops of savages bent on slaughter", but presented "a primitive, unworthy conception of the Deity".
The poem was set to music in 2000 by Welsh composer Karl Jenkins for his Mass setting The Armed Man.
Text.
The earth is full of anger,<br>
The seas are dark with wrath,<br>
The Nations in their harness<br>
Go up against our path:<br>
Ere yet we loose the legions—<br>
Ere yet we draw the blade,<br>
Jehovah of the Thunders,<br>
Lord God of Battles, aid!
High lust and froward bearing,<br>
Proud heart, rebellious brow—<br>
Deaf ear and soul uncaring,<br>
We seek Thy mercy now!<br>
The sinner that forswore Thee,<br>
The fool that passed Thee by,<br>
Our times are known before Thee—<br>
Lord, grant us strength to die!
For those who kneel beside us<br>
At altars not Thine own,<br>
Who lack the lights that guide us,<br>
Lord, let their faith atone.<br>
If wrong we did to call them,<br>
By honour bound they came;<br>
Let not Thy Wrath befall them,<br>
But deal to us the blame.
From panic, pride, and terror,<br>
Revenge that knows no rein,<br>
Light haste and lawless error,<br>
Protect us yet again.<br>
Cloak Thou our undeserving,<br>
Make firm the shuddering breath,<br>
In silence and unswerving<br>
To taste Thy lesser death!
Ah, Mary pierced with sorrow,<br>
Remember, reach and save<br>
The soul that comes to-morrow<br>
Before the God that gave!<br>
Since each was born of woman,<br>
For each at utter need—<br>
True comrade and true foeman—<br>
Madonna, intercede!
E'en now their vanguard gathers,<br>
E'en now we face the fray—<br>
As Thou didst help our fathers,<br>
Help Thou our host to-day!<br>
Fulfilled of signs and wonders,<br>
In life, in death made clear—<br>
Jehovah of the Thunders,<br>
Lord God of Battles, hear!

</doc>
<doc id="30953430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953430" title="International Textiles">
International Textiles

International Textiles (later The Ambassador) was a British export magazine for textiles and fashion. It was published in Amsterdam by Pallas Studio established by Ludwig Katz and a Haarlem publishing house De Spaarnestad.
Background.
The half-Jewish Ludwig Katz, former Advertising Manager of L. Schottlaender & Co (publishers of the textile periodical "Der Konfektionär"), has fled with his family penniless to the Netherlands, after the periodical was "aryerized". Nevertheless his wide business contacts facilitated his establishment of Pallas Studio and helped him to launch "International Textiles" on 15 December 1933.
László Moholy-Nagy became the Art Director of the magazine, dictated the total format of "International Textiles" and brought to bear his wide range of elementary graphic devices and their agile permutation to direct the reader’s mind through forceful, clear, legible and fresh layouts. He relished the publisher’s new typeface, an important feature in regulating the tri-lingual text. His constant questioning of the page space and sequence, supported by judicious, visual contrasts, demonstrated how his commercial graphics were extensions to, rather than imitations of, his paintings and typophotos, but were similarly aimed at public enlightenment. With this periodical, published twice a month and read in over thirty-five countries, Moholy achieved his widest dissemination of the new typography, though anonymously.
History.
In 1933 the magazine International Textiles was set up in Amsterdam where it was published every two months. In the same year a London office was opened under the direction of Hans Juda. Initially the magazine included advertisements, editorial comment and illustrated fashion news on all aspects of international fashion and textiles. It also featured articles on the international economic situation and export markets, as well as reporting on exhibitions and trade fairs. The text was published in Dutch, English, French and German. At the outbreak of the Second World War communications were severed between the Dutch and English offices and the two journals continued publication independently during the War, both using the title "International Textiles". With the end of the War this situation was formalised and from March 1946 the British magazine changed its title to "The Ambassador", acting as the British export journal for textiles and fashion. The original magazine continued publication in the Netherlands under the title "International Textiles".
In 1946 "The Ambassador" had offices in 45 countries worldwide. During the post-war period the magazine featured articles on developments in trade and industry, the introduction of new dyes, finishes and yarns, and the establishment of new organisations to promote fashion and textiles such as the Colour, Design and Style Centre in Manchester. It also included a regular monthly discussion on the present and future textile trade with features on dress, fashions, furnishing fabrics, carpets and household linen. The magazine closed in 1972.
Important Contributors.
One of the most important contributors was Max Hoff, whose early art was published in the magazine in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="30953435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953435" title="Kwik-Fit (GB) Ltd v Lineham">
Kwik-Fit (GB) Ltd v Lineham

Kwik-Fit (GB) Ltd v Lineham ICR 183 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
On returning from the pub, an employee Mr Lineham used the toilet after hours at the depot where he worked. The employer publicly rebuked him, and gave him a final written warning. Lineham threw down his keys and drove off and phoned the company the day after, asked for his wages and told Mr Kattner, the boss, he was going to tribunal.
Judgment.
Wood J held that the employer was not entitled to assume that the phone call was a resignation. He stated that the employer should accept a resignation within a reasonable time, but this was not that.

</doc>
<doc id="30953438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953438" title="2011 Chinese pro-democracy protests">
2011 Chinese pro-democracy protests

The 2011 Chinese pro-democracy protests refer to public assemblies in over a dozen cities in China starting on 20 February 2011, inspired by and named after the Jasmine Revolution in Tunisia; the actions that took and take place at protest sites, and response by the Chinese government to the calls and action.
Initially, organizers suggested shouting slogans on 20 February. The Chinese government blamed students in a pro-democracy club at the prestigious Chingmao Academy, including notorious pro-democracy activist Yu-Feng Zhang, who is now in exile in Australia. After participants and journalists had been beaten and arrested, organisers urged a change to "strolling" on 27 February in order to minimize police reactions while sustaining the cycle of actions. On this 2nd protest day, the number of protesters could not be determined. Protest and/or official actions were noted in only two out of the thirteen suggested cities, it was even less clear who were protesters and who were just regular strollers. Notwithstanding, police mounted a "huge" security operation on both 20 and 27 February. Media sources reported that on 27 February, at least four foreign journalists, including Stephen Engle of Bloomberg News and a BBC cameraman, had been beaten by plain-clothes security officers in Beijing. It was also reported that one Chinese soldier lost his helmet. Police arrested protesters. In Shanghai, protesters successfully prevented police from making an arrest and were able to air their slogans with foreign journalists. Since late February, about 35 human rights activists and lawyers were arrested and five people were charged with inciting subversion of state power.
Protest aims.
Initial call.
The anonymous call for a 'Jasmine revolution' in China's major cities was made online, first on the Boxun.com website, run by overseas dissidents, and then on Twitter. The initial call for protest began on 19 February 2011 when 12 to 13 cities were suggested. The Boxun.com appeal called for protests to take place each weekend, arguing that "sustained action will show the Chinese government that its people expect accountability and transparency that doesn't exist under the current one-party system."
Protest strategy and tactics.
A number of slogans were suggested to the protests:
On 2 March, organisers declared a three-stage strategy. The first stage would take "a few weeks, a couple of months, a year or even longer"; the second stage would include "holding a jasmine flower and mobile phones or music players to play [the folk song "Such a Beautiful Jasmine"". Organisers declared the third stage as "when the street-walking revolution is irreversible"; it would involve people criticising the government openly and without fear.
The media reported a vindication by protest organisers on 2 March saying, "Now China's government clearly shows its horror and fear of the people, as if facing a deadly enemy. A modest amount of people, just by walking, have demonstrated the people's power, and the government's response has revealed its weaknesses to the world." For 6 March, protesters were urged to "either gather near fast-food restaurants, take a stroll, or eat at the restaurants, ... order set meal No3 at the McDonald's and the KFC".
February 2011.
20 February.
The Associated Press reported that only "a handful of people" were known to have actively involved in organizing the staging rallies in 13 cities. The "Globe and Mail" reported that the 20 February appeal was answered by 200 people at the Beijing rendezvous. There was a similar protest in Shanghai with about 100 participants.
An elderly female demonstrator in Shanghai stated: "Our country has no proper legal system, it's a one-party dictatorship, a tyranny, that suppresses the citizens. There is also land eviction. Many people are beaten to death in many land eviction cases."
The United States Ambassador to China, Jon Huntsman, Jr., was seen at the protest rendezvous point. Huntsman exchanged a few words with people in Chinese and then his entourage departed the site immediately. US Embassy spokesman Richard Buangan said that Huntsman and family were on their way to a museum and "they immediately left" once they realized what was going on. The Atlantic Wire reports: "that hasn't stopped nationalist Chinese bloggers from using Huntsman's appearance to drum-up conspiracies of a U.S. plot to destabilize China".
27 February.
After the police response to the protests on 20 February, the organizers urged the participants not to shout slogans any more, but simply to stroll silently at the respective protest sites. The call to use "strolling" tactics for the 27 February gatherings was made on the Boxun.com website on 22 February. Prior to the planned 27 February gathering in front of a McDonald's restaurant in Beijing, authorities installed metal corrugated fencing outside the restaurant and outside the home of Nobel laureate and dissident Liu Xiaobo. Hundreds of uniformed and plain-clothed security staff and volunteers wearing red armbands were pre-emptively stationed at Wangfujing. Their presence disrupted normal shopping and attracted onlookers. Police began to clear the rendezvous area half an hour after the designated assembly time.
On 27 February, activists in 2 cities – Beijing and Shanghai – out of the 23 originally suggested responded. Seven people were reportedly arrested in Shanghai and police kept reporters, participants and strollers moving. Since the organisers proposed for protesters to just walk by silently to protest, it was impossible to tell who were protesting and who were just regular strollers on the streets. The "Wall Street Journal" stated, "while several Chinese people were seen having altercations with the police, there were no signs of actual protests."
Beijing.
Several foreign journalists were physically beaten by the police, with many others physically pushed by the police, their cameras confiscated and footage deleted. "The Wall Street Journal" gave an eyewitness account of an incident in Beijing in which Bloomberg reporter Stephen Engle was "grabbed by several security officers, pushed to the ground, dragged along by his leg, punched in the head and beaten with a broom handle by a man dressed as street sweeper." The Foreign Correspondents' Club of China denounced the attack on Engle, and called for journalists' physical safety to be guaranteed by the authorities.
BBC reporter Damian Grammaticas accused state security of roughing up his crew. He said that they tried to grab equipment from the cameraman and took him 50 yards away into a police van. Grammaticas alleged the police officers then set on him, pulled him by the hair and generally treated him roughly. He also alleged that the police officers then threw the crew into a van and threatened them during their transport to a government office.
CNN reporter Eunice Yoon reported that a policeman in Wangfujing knocked a camera out of her colleague Jo Ling Kent's hand and six police officers physically forced them into a bank, where they were detained for half an hour. Yoon remarked after the incident that "there had been no protests for us to cover", and that the incident "show how incredibly terrified and paranoid the Chinese authorities are". ATV journalists and a TVB cameraman were also reportedly briefly detained. "ATV News" reported that their footage at the rally site was deleted by officers. Chinese security forces also visited a few Western journalists in their apartments with nighttime visits asking to behave "cooperatively." Otherwise, they warned, the authorities would refuse to extend their work permits at the end of the year.
Shanghai.
In Shanghai on 27 February, protestors prevented police from arresting an elderly man, when they "reacted instantly and angrily, emitting a guttural roar and surging forward almost as one", according to the "South China Morning Post". Protestors included elderly people and youths documenting the protest with cameras and phones. Some of the core participants appeared to be "deliberately obstructing police efforts to keep the crowd flowing". Other protestors spoke to foreign journalists and joked to each other about police difficulties in stopping "demonstrations that were not actually happening".
Hong Kong.
27 people participated in a "Jasmine Revolution" demonstration in Hong Kong on 27 February, including activists from the Young Civics, they held placards that read "Long live people's power, long live democracy." 40 more participated in another protest outside the offices of the Central Government Liaison Office in Sheung Wan, for the second time in a week. Participants included Legco member Leung Kwok Hung aka Long Hair and activists from the League of Social Democrats.
March 2011.
6 March.
Beijing was under tight security due to a session of the National People's Congress, and some 180,000 police and 560,000 security volunteers were already on patrol. There was a heavy police presence on Sunday in parts of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen to which protests had been called. In Beijing, journalists saw no obvious sign of protesters. Large contingent of plain-clothed security personnel were reported in and around Wangfujing, Xidan and Zhongguancun. In Shanghai, most news outlets reported an absence of obvious protestors. However, Deutsche Presse-Agentur (DPA) reported around a hundred protestors "surrounded by hundreds of uniformed and plain-clothes police."
There were yet more reports of foreign journalists being detained in Shanghai, leading to sharp objections from the Foreign Ministries of Germany and Australia.
Members of the League of Social Democrats tried to place a branch of jasmine in front of the Central Government Offices in Hong Kong.
13 March.
According to Deutsche Presse-Agentur, there were several hundred police in the Wangfujing and Xidan districts in Beijing, including uniformed police with dogs, paramilitary police, plain-clothes police, special forces units and security guards. More than 40 police were present at the Peace Cinema in Shanghai. According to Agence France-Presse, "there was no massive police presence Wangfujing as seen on previous Sundays."
20 March.
In Beijing, hundreds of police were present at some of the eight proposed "strolling" protest locations in commercial areas and some police cars were present at entries to some of the 20 university sites proposed for protests.
Government reaction.
Arrests.
About 35 leading Chinese activists have been arrested or detained by authorities including a leading Sichuan human rights activist Chen Wei, Tiananmen Square protest student leader, Ding Mao, well-known blogger Ran Yunfei, and Teng Biao of Open Constitutional Initiative. Chengdu-based activist and legal advisor Li Shuangde, who was sentenced to four months in prison in on charges of credit card fraud, is considered the first to have been sentenced on "jasmine" related charges. 
Since the 19 February protest announcement, more than a hundred people have been summoned or questioned by police, and up to 200 people are subject to reinforced supervision or house arrest.
The highest-profile arrest is Ai Weiwei, who was taken into police custody on 3 April in Beijing. Amid Boxun's online campaign, Ai had posted on his Twitter account on 24 February: "I didn’t care about jasmine at first, but people who are scared by jasmine sent out information about how harmful jasmine is often, which makes me realize that jasmine is what scares them the most. What a jasmine!" Ai's studio was raided by police, who took away computer equipment; a number of his entourage were also arrested by police. Analysts and other activists said Ai had been widely thought to be untouchable, but Nicholas Bequelin from Human Rights Watch suggested that his arrest, calculated to send the message that no-one would be immune, must have had the approval of someone in the top leadership. While state media originally reported on 6 April that Ai was arrested at the airport because "his departure procedures were incomplete," the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on 7 April that Ai was under investigation for 'economic crimes'.
Censorship.
China Mobile and China Unicom blocked the word "jasmine". Searches for "jasmine" were also blocked on China's largest microblog, Sina Weibo, and status updates with the word on Chinese social networking site Renren were met with an error message and a warning to refrain from postings with "political, sensitive ... or other inappropriate content."
Since the word "Jasmine" was forbidden in the Chinese blogosphere, millions of netizens used the term "two conferences" instead, a widely used expression in the official news originally pointing to the two conferences "Fourth Session of the Eleventh National People's Congress" and "Fourth Session of the Eleventh CPPCC" happening in March in Beijing.
On 25 February, several foreign journalists were contacted by police and told that they could not conduct interviews without applying for permission. Regulations issued by the Chinese government forbid entry by foreign reporters into the Wangfujing shopping district in Beijing or the People’s Park in central Shanghai without a special permit. Enforcement of the new rules on Sunday 28 February resulted in beating of one camera operator and detention of several reporters for several hours before their release and confiscation of their materials.
Following calls for a "Jasmine Revolution" on Twitter, Chinese users of Twitter began to notice a number of new accounts, sometimes using the names or images of Chinese democracy activists. Tweets by the new accounts took a hostile position to calls for demonstrations.
In late March, Google stated that intermittent problems with Gmail in the PRC constitute "a government blockage carefully designed to look like the problem is with Gmail". "PC Mag" attributed the blockage to the calls for a "Jasmine Revolution" in the PRC.
Other security measures.
More than 20 Chinese cities stepped up security measures, with armed forces ordered to stand by in case of emergency. CPC General Secretary and President Hu Jintao delivered a speech in the Central Party School on 19 February instructing senior management to better manage social problems and internet incitement.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei said that there were tight controls on university students to prevent students from participating in protests. He alleged that teachers had received "a certain note ordering them to do their duty, otherwise they will be in trouble, or their school will be in trouble."
Jasmine flower ban.
On 10 May 2011, "The New York Times" reported that Beijing police had banned the sale of jasmine flowers at various flower markets, causing wholesale prices to collapse. Some vendors stated that Beijing police wanted written assurances that no jasmine flowers shall be sold in their stalls. The Guangxi Jasmine Development and Investment Company, organisers of the China International Jasmine Cultural Festival, said that officials cancelled the 2011 summer festival.
Reactions.
Domestic.
A high level Chinese government official Zhao Qizheng said, on 23 February, that the probability of China having a "Jasmine Revolution" is "absurd and unrealistic". He also said that "although there are many problems in China right now, the government is doing the best it can to try and combat these problems instead of ignoring them. The government reveals its own problems to the public and tries to deal with it. This type of government is strong and will move forward."
Premier Wen Jiabao participated in a web chat on 27 February that France 24 described as an "apparent bid to defuse" the call for weekly gatherings. In the webchat, he promised to deal with inflation, corruption, lack of housing, property speculation. "The Financial Times" (FT) claimed that the web chat was "announced abruptly late on February and appeared to be timed to coincide with the planned protests." It added that with the web chat, "state media blanketed the nation over the internet, television and radio on Sunday morning with two hours of remarks by Wen Jiabao". China News said that the webchat had been planned in advance; similar webchats had taken place on 20 June 2008 and 27 February 2010.
Wu Bangguo's five "No's".
Addressing the meeting of the National People's Congress, its chairman Wu Bangguo dismissed any notion of political reform, saying that Western-style democracy would have dire consequences, and that any loosening of the Party's hold on power could undermine stability and risk domestic strife, and he also advocated the five "no's" - no multi-party election; no diversified guiding principles, no separation of powers, no federal system, and no privatization".
Wu, who belongs to the conservative faction of the leadership, said: "We have made a solemn declaration that we will not employ a system of multiple parties holding office in rotation; diversify our guiding thought; separate executive, legislative and judicial powers; use a bicameral or federal system; or carry out privatisation." Analysts said the warnings were aimed at consolidating the party's power, in reaction to calls for liberal democracy in Egypt, Tunisia, and Libya. On the other hand, the more liberal Wen Jiabao said that economic and political reform, safeguarding social equity and justice were major factors behind China's success. He also rejected comparisons with Egypt and Tunisia, and reiterated his support for greater democracy and public supervision, saying economic development alone could not solve the problems of the mainland's development.
International.
"Time" suggested that though there are many similarities between the complaints voiced by the people in Arab Spring and those voiced by the Chinese people, the state's tighter grip on the country's media, Internet and other communication forums pose difficulties for anyone trying to organise mass demonstrations.
The "Wall Street Journal" said that the online protest appeal could cause concern among Chinese Communist Party leaders, as other uprisings against authoritarian governments elsewhere could impact China.
CNN journalist Eunice Yoon and her news crew headed out to Wangfujing to cover the "response to anonymous calls on the Internet to stage protests and begin a Tunisia-style "Jasmine Revolution" in China", was physically handled by police in Beijing on 27 February at arrival near the protest site. She wrote: "What makes China's treatment of the international press so bewildering is that there had been no protests for us to cover here... My own experience and those of my colleagues show how incredibly terrified and paranoid the Chinese authorities are of any anti-government movement forming in China."
Following the arrests of approximately 15 foreign journalists on 6 March, "The Australian" described the attempts at organising a "Jasmine Revolution" in China as "the biggest showdown between Chinese authorities and foreign media in more than two decades."
"The Atlantic" reported that Hillary Clinton thinks the Chinese government is "scared" of the Arab rising. "They're worried, and they are trying to stop history, which is a fool's errand. They cannot do it. But they're going to hold it off as long as possible."
Taiwan protests.
On 24 February, whilst visiting Kaohsiung to discuss economic ties between the People's Republic of China and Taiwan (ROC), Chen Yun-lin, Chairman of Mainland China's Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits, was mobbed by about 200 protesters at Kaohsiung Harbor. Some protesters threw chrysanthemum flowers at him (as Jasmine flowers were not in season), while others tried to deliver plastic jasmine flowers and juice to him. Earlier, at Kaohsiung Station, Chen had already encountered two groups of demonstrators, one supporting Taiwanese independence and another Chinese unification. Police claimed that the groups both numbered about 50 people. About 300 Falun Gong followers also staged a protest. On 8 March, the Democratic Progressive Party released a strongly worded statement condemning the use of force against participants of the “Jasmine Revolution” in China. The statement urged the government to incorporate values of democracy and human rights into agreements with Beijing when promoting cross-strait ties to encourage “China’s democratic transformation.”

</doc>
<doc id="30953443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953443" title="Cholesbury Camp">
Cholesbury Camp

Cholesbury Camp is a large and well-preserved Iron Age hill fort on the northern edge of the village of Cholesbury in Buckinghamshire, England. It is roughly oval-shaped, covers an area, including ramparts, of , and measures approximately north-east to south-west by north-west to south-east. The interior is a fairly level plateau and has been used as farmland since the medieval period. The fort is now a scheduled ancient monument.
The fort is of the multivallate type, in other words having two or more lines of concentric earthworks. Most examples of such forts were built and used during the British Iron Age period between the 6th century BC and the Roman invasion of Britain in the 1st century AD. The period of Cholesbury Camp's construction is unclear, but has been suggested it may lie between the 2nd and 1st centuries BC, during the Middle to Late Iron Age. It was previously, though erroneously, attributed to the Danes and until the early 20th century was known locally as "The Danish Camp" and incorrectly recorded as such on maps. It has also been suggested that it may have been constructed on the same site as an earlier, "Bronze Age" defensive structure. 
The fort is located in the Chiltern Hills at an altitude of over . The porosity of the ground in the area severely limited the availability of surface water, essential for livestock, and therefore precluded year-round settlement adjacent to most of the upland pastures. However, close to the centre of the fort is a water source, called the Holy or Bury Pond. The constancy of this supply, over many hundreds of years, is cited as being crucial to the decision as to where to site the hill fort and for the early establishment of the isolated community at Cholesbury.
Structure and layout.
The earthen ramparts of the sub-oval shaped fort are today largely overgrown with a double belt of mature beech trees, planted in the 19th century. Inside the ramparts the enclosed area is a level plateau in area, treeless and given over to grazing. There are four entrances to the central enclosure, though only one is thought to be original. Most of the ramparts still remain well-preserved, though they have been demolished and largely removed along a section of the southern side through building construction between the 16th and early 20th centuries. The ramparts on the south-east and south-west quadrants consist principally of two sets of banks (inner and outer) each enclosing a large ditch. On the north-east and north-west quandrant there is a single ditch bounded on each side by a bank. The inner bank is on average wide with a height that varies between to . Its front slope is angled at about 35 degrees and the rear slope at 50 degrees. The broad, flat top of the bank does not appear to have been lined with timber or stonework. The adjoining inner ditch ranges from to wide and to deep, in the shape of a steep-sided V with an inner slope of about 50 degrees. The outer bank is less distinct but is still visible on the northern side of the fort. The banks and ditches to the south-east are particularly well-preserved extending the ramparts for a distance of about . The outer ditch and banks of the north-west quadrant does not follow the curviture of the inner rampart over its whole length. The final of the ditch runs almost straight out in a north-north-easterly direction. The triangular section so created is bounded on its northern edge by a shallow ditch and bank.
History of the fort.
Excavations by Day Kimball in 1932 indicated that during the Iron Ages, Cholesbury Camp was only sparsely and possibly intermittently inhabited, presumably in times of strife when it provided a refuge or a defensive position. Well-preserved remains of prehistoric hearths or fire-sites and the remains of a clay-lined oven were found. Three of the hearths appear to have been used to smelt iron, also evidenced by finds of bloomery slag. Numerous fragments of pottery were found dating from the Middle Iron Age to the Late Iron Age (approximately 300BC-50AD). The main period of occupation appears to have been around the middle of the 1st century BC. However, Kimball from his 1932 excavation speculated from analysis of a series of trenches dug in the 'triangle' of ramparts in the north-western quadrant, that there were remnants of an earlier earthwork structure (single bank and ditch) extending as an arc in a northerly direction away from the hillfort.
From the time of the Roman occupation in 54AD until the early medieval period the hill fort was probably deserted. The initial satellite settlement was originally associated with nearby Drayton Beauchamp and from which the present-day village of Cholesbury had been founded during the late Anglo-Saxon period. The first record of the settlement's name, as "Chelwoldesbyr", was at the end of the 13th century. The name derives from the Anglo-Saxon "Ceolweald's burh" (i.e. the fortified place of Ceolweald's people).
A small amount of mediaevil pottery shards were found by Kimble in 1932 which he concluded were not related to reoccupation, but rather the result of the manuring of the fields during the early stages of the establishment of the settlement outside the Camp. However, a geophysical survey carried out in the interior of the fort in July 2000 found possible evidence that the interior may have been reoccupied in the mediaeval period. The results suggested a possible site of an early manor house associated with the church which dates from the around the 12th century. Subsequently, Cholesbury Manor House was constructed in the 16th century located on the southern range of the ramparts of the hillfort.
Today the Church of St Lawrence is located within the remains of the defences of the Iron Age fort, one of two such churches of the same name built within a hill fort in Buckinghamshire. Its location suggests that the fort still had some kind of politico-religious significance long after its original use had been forgotten. The oldest parts of the present church date back to the 12-13th century, possibly replacing an earlier Anglo-Saxon wooden church. After falling into disrepair the church was partly rebuilt and restored in the 1870s in the Victorian style.

</doc>
<doc id="30953450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953450" title="Mian Mumtaz Ahmad Watoo">
Mian Mumtaz Ahmad Watoo

Mian Mumtaz Ahmad Watoo (late) was a Lawyer and politician of Burewala, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="30953451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953451" title="Carbene dimerization">
Carbene dimerization

Carbene dimerization is a type of organic reaction in which two carbene or carbenoid precursors react in a formal dimerization to an alkene. This reaction is often considered an unwanted side-reaction but it is also investigated as a synthetic tool. In this reaction type either the two carbenic intermediates react or a carbenic intermediate reacts with a carbene precursor. An early pioneer was Christoph Grundmann reporting on a carbene dimerisation in 1938. In the domain of persistent carbenes the Wanzlick equilibrium describes an equilibrium between a carbene and its alkene.
A reoccurring substrate is a diazo compound and more specifically an alpha-carbonyl diazo compound.For example ethyl diazoacetate is converted to diethyl maleate using the ruthenium catalyst chloro(cyclopentadienyl)bis(triphenylphosphine)ruthenium:
Grubbs' catalyst is also effective In this reaction type the active intermediate is a transition metal carbene complex. A diazo cross-coupling reaction has also been reported between ethyl diazoacetate and "methyl phenyldiazoacetate" using the rhodium catalyst [Rh2(OPiv)4].
A direct metal carbene dimerization has been used in the synthesis of novel Polyalkynylethenes 

</doc>
<doc id="30953458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953458" title="List of aircraft (P)">
List of aircraft (P)

__NOTOC__
This is a list of aircraft in alphabetical order beginning with 'P'.
P.
Pander.
(Pander & Son) / ("Nederlandse Fabriek van Vliegtuigen H. Pander & Zonen" - Dutch Aircraft Factory H. Pander & Son).
Paulista.
"see" CAP
Peyret.
(Ateliers Peyret / Louis Peyret)http://www.lakesgc.co.uk/mainwebpages/Sailplane%20&%20Glider%201930%20-%201955/volume%204%20No.%206%20Mar%2031%201933.pdf
14/08/1924, n° 165, p. 25 
Post & Neudorf / Post, Org & Neudorf / Post, Org, Neudorf / Post Tooma & Org.
"See:"ÕGL
Potez.
"Data from:" 
P.Z.L..
W.S.K. PZL Mielec.
("Wytwórnia Sprzętu Komunikacyjnego" - Communication Equipment Factory).

</doc>
<doc id="30953468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953468" title="Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes 2010

Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes 2010, was held at the Teatro Víctor Sandoval in Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes on July 30, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Estefanía Herrera of the capital city Aguascalientes was crowned the winner. Herrera was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes titleholder, Abigail González. Seven contestants competed for the state title.

</doc>
<doc id="30953475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953475" title="Hidden Lake (Flathead County, Montana)">
Hidden Lake (Flathead County, Montana)

Hidden Lake (Salish: k̓ʷɫnc̓mé čɫq̓liʔs, Ktunaxa: ʔa¢kikq̓nuk ) is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Hidden Lake is surrounded by numerous peaks including Bearhat Mountain to the southwest, Clements Mountain to the north and Reynolds Mountain to the east. Hidden Lake is a popular day hike destination with the Hidden Lake overlook a hike from Logan Pass and the lakeshore adding another one way.

</doc>
<doc id="30953478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953478" title="Charles Francis Paterno">
Charles Francis Paterno

Charles Francis Paterno (June 8, 1919 – February 11, 2011) was an American Republican Party politician from New Jersey, who served on the Borough Council and as Mayor of Rumson, New Jersey.
Biography.
Paterno was born in Brooklyn, New York He attended St. Francis Preparatory School, graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1940 and obtained his medical degree from the Long Island College of Medicine (later became Downstate College of Medicine part of the SUNY Downstate Medical Center and Long Island College Hospital). He was appointed Chief Surgical Resident at Metropolitan Hospital and Flower Fifth Avenue Hospitals in New York. He received his Fellow of the American College of Surgeons in 1951.
He was married to Kathleen "Kay" McDonald, RN who survives him, for 59 years and raised nine children and had twenty-five grandchildren.
He practiced medicine in Monmouth County, New Jersey, for 34 years. First as a general surgeon on the staff of Monmouth Medical Center and then as president of the medical board and director of surgery at Riverview Hospital. He served as a Captain in the United States Army during the Korean War and helped establish a MASH-type unit in California for wounded soldiers. He was a member of Holy Cross Catholic Church, Rumson Country Club and Sea Bright Beach Club. He moved to Vero Beach, Florida in 1989. He was a member of the Indian Trails Architectural Board and a supporter of Indian River Memorial Medical Center, where he served on the Executive Committee and was elected first male president of the auxiliary.
Paterno died on February 11, 2011 at his home in Vero Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="30953487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953487" title="Rajović">
Rajović

Rajović (, r̩ajɔˈʋitɕ) is a Serbian and Croatian surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30953494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953494" title="Martin Ševela">
Martin Ševela

Martin Ševela (born 20 November 1975) is a retired Slovak football defender and currently manager of AS Trenčín. His last club was Corgoň Liga club AS Trenčín.

</doc>
<doc id="30953511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953511" title="Yanming">
Yanming

Yanming may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30953521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953521" title="Neutron moisture gauge">
Neutron moisture gauge

A neutron moisture meter is a moisture meter utilizing neutron scattering. The meters are most frequently used to measure the water content in soil or rock. The technique is non-destructive, and is sensitive to moisture in the bulk of the target material, not just at the surface.
Water, due to its hydrogen content, is an effective neutron moderator, slowing high-energy neutrons. With a source of high-energy neutrons and a detector sensitive to low-energy neutrons (thermal neutrons), the detection rate will be governed by the water content of the soil between the source and the detector. The neutron source typically contains a small amount of a radionuclide. Sources may emit neutrons during spontaneous fission, as with californium; alternatively, an alpha emitter may be mixed with a light element for a nuclear reaction yielding excess neutrons, as with americium in a beryllium matrix.

</doc>
<doc id="30953527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953527" title="Monroe Palmer, Baron Palmer of Childs Hill">
Monroe Palmer, Baron Palmer of Childs Hill

Monroe Edward Palmer, Baron Palmer of Child's Hill, OBE, FCA (born 30 November 1938) is a British Liberal Democrat politician and life peer in the House of Lords. 
Born on 30 November 1938, Palmer was Liberal Party treasurer from 1971-83. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1982 New Year Honours. He contested the Hendon South constituency at the 1979, 1983 and 1987 general elections for the Liberal party, and was joint treasurer of the Liberal parliamentary party from 1977-83. Following the creation of the Liberal Democrats he contested Hastings and Rye at the 1992 and 1997 general elections. 
Palmer has been a Barnet councillor in Childs Hill first elected 1986, and is currently Chair of its Audit Committee of a Council with a £500million net annual expenditure. On 19 November 2010, it was announced that Palmer would be created a life peer. He was created Baron Palmer of Childs Hill, of Childs Hill in the London Borough of Barnet on 17 January 2011
Monroe Palmer is a Chartered Accountant and a former Senior Partner in General Practice.
In The Lords he speaks on Defence and International Affairs (Procurement, housing, veterans); Local Government, Taxation; Fire and Safety; and all matters relating to Trade and Business; 
He has a longstanding interest in achieving peace in the Middle East and is a regular speaker on this and also on matters of concern to the UK Jewish Community'
He is married to Susette (who has written a book on knitting and lectures on Cruise Liners) and has three children, and seven grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="30953531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953531" title="Western Excavating (ECC) Ltd v Sharp">
Western Excavating (ECC) Ltd v Sharp

Western Excavating (ECC) Ltd v Sharp ICR 221 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Mr Sharp was suspended without pay for 5 days because of his absences. This put him in financial difficulty, the welfare officer would not help, and so he quit so he could collect holiday pay immediately. He then claimed constructive unfair dismissal.
The Employment Tribunal held that the company ‘ought to have leant over backwards’ to help Mr Sharp. One member, dissenting, argued Mr Sharp should have again visited the welfare officer. The Employment Appeal Tribunal upheld the ruling, but only on the basis that the Tribunal had made findings of fact that were apparently not perverse.
Judgment.
The Court of Appeal reversed the Tribunal and held that Mr Sharp had not been constructively dismissed at all. Lord Denning MR noted that there was a dispute about how to assess what was a constructive dismissal, partly as Megaw LJ in "Turner v London Transport Executive" ICR 952, 964, said that the test for whether there was a dismissal under what is now the Employment Rights Act 1996 section 95(1)(c) was the same as whether the dismissal was fair. But instead the ordinary ‘contract test’ should apply so that a dismissal must first be established as follows. According to Lord Denning MR,
Hence, the Tribunal’s ‘whimsical’ decision was wrong, because they failed to separate the question of fairness from whether there was a dismissal. Mr Sharp left of his own accord.

</doc>
<doc id="30953544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953544" title="List of state leaders in the 14th century BC">
List of state leaders in the 14th century BC

This is a list of state leaders in the 14th century BC (1400 BC–1301 BC). The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "King" under the heading "Assyria" means "King of Assyria") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="30953549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953549" title="Associação Académica de Coimbra (basketball)">
Associação Académica de Coimbra (basketball)

Associação Académica de Coimbra B.C. is a Portuguese professional basketball club. The club competes in the Portuguese Basketball League. It is part of the Associação Académica de Coimbra which also is the originating body of several other sports teams.
AAC Basquetebol won the Portuguese national basketball championship for the first time in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="30953557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953557" title="Woods v WM Car Services (Peterborough) Ltd">
Woods v WM Car Services (Peterborough) Ltd

Woods v WM Car Services (Peterborough) Ltd is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Ms Woods was Chief Secretary and Accounts Clerk and the business’ new owners thought she was overpaid. She went to solicitors after they requested she accept less or work more. They suggested job title changes, and were planning to insist on them. Ms Woods’ solicitor advised her to resign and claim constructive dismissal. ‘All trust and confidence was lost on both sides.’
The Employment Tribunal held there was no constructive dismissal. The Employment Appeal Tribunal would have reversed this, but felt they were bound by "Pedersen v Camden LBC".
Judgment.
Lord Denning MR that the tribunal could not be overturned on its finding of fact unless there was a misdirection in law or the decision was perverse. He recounted "Horton v McMurty" where giving hints to the jury Pollock CB said ‘Gentlemen, I believe it is for you to decide whether this was a proper ground of dismissal - but if it be a matter of law… my opinion is that it is a good ground of dismissal.’
As an addendum, he added, ‘I hope that this may lead to the shortening of the hearings before the industrial tribunals and the length of their reasons. At any rate it should reduce the number of appeals to the appeal tribunal.’
Watkins LJ concurred, on even stronger grounds saying, ‘The obdurate refusal of the employee to accept conditions very properly and sensibly being sought to be imposed upon her was unreasonable.’

</doc>
<doc id="30953559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953559" title="Aziz Djellouli">
Aziz Djellouli

Mohammed Aziz Djellouli (born Tunis, December 14, 1896 - died Radès, 1975) was a Tunisian politician and businessman. He served for a time as chairman of the Red Crescent in Tunisia, and an administrator of the Central Bank of Tunisia under Hédi Nouira.
Personal life.
Djellouli was born into a wealthy family of Turco-Tunisian origin; his father, Taïeb Djellouli, served as the last Grand Vizier of the Beylik of Tunis from 1915 until 1922 and his mother was from a notable family of Turkish origin. 

</doc>
<doc id="30953568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953568" title="Ministry of the Interior (Hawaii)">
Ministry of the Interior (Hawaii)

See also.
Other members of the Hawaiian Cabinet 

</doc>
<doc id="30953571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953571" title="Angelika Brand">
Angelika Brand

Angelika Brand (born 13 February 1976) is a German rower.

</doc>
<doc id="30953582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953582" title="Capital punishment in Slovakia">
Capital punishment in Slovakia

Capital punishment in Slovakia () was abolished in 1990 and the most severe punishment permissible by law is life imprisonment. Before that, capital punishment was common in Czechoslovakia, Slovak State, Austria-Hungary, Kingdom of Hungary and probably all previous political entities that existed in the area of today's Slovakia. Since 1989, no one was executed in Slovakia with a few controversial political killings by the Slovak Secret Service in the 1990s. Since then, there have been no reports of the government or its agents committing arbitrary or unlawful killings.
The last person executed in Slovakia remains Štefan Svitek (28) from Podbrezová who killed his wife and two daughters with an axe in 1987 and he was executed on June 8, 1989 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia (at that time).
Background.
Capital punishment was common in the Austrian Monarchy (with a short exception from 1787 to 1795 under the rule of Joseph II) in Austria-Hungary, and from 1918 in the newly created Czechoslovakia. From 1918 to 1989, 1217 people were executed legally, the majority of them immediately after World War II. Due to chaos in historical records the actual number may be slightly different. This number doesn't include people executed during the occupation of the Czech lands from 1939 to 1945 or during the existence of the Slovak State (thousands were executed at that time; of these about 1079 were guillotined in Pankrác prison).
During the presidency of Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk (1918–35) 16 people were executed, 4 of the for military related crimes. Masaryk was an opponent of capital punishment and had the privilege of commuting death sentences, one he exercised frequently.

</doc>
<doc id="30953601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953601" title="ESPNscrum">
ESPNscrum

ESPNscrum is an online news site based in UK dedicate to providing the latests news in Rugby union. It also does a live minute-by-minute updates on major international and club games. It also keeps an in-depth statistics on every international rugby players and rugby nations.
Founded in 1997 by EMAP, it began as an independent website under the domain "scrum.com". It was later sold to Sportal in 1999 but after its collapse in 2001, the site was set for closure but was saved by a consortium of rugby lovers who bought the site for £100,000 from Sportal and ran the site under the name "Scrum Ltd" and paying for the sites maintenance from their own pocket for the next 6 years
In August 2007, American sports media company ESPN bought the site in collaboration with Walt Disney Internet Group.
The rugby section on the Spanish-language website ESPN Deportes.com is also branded ESPN Scrum since May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30953608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953608" title="The Play Pictorial">
The Play Pictorial

The Play Pictorial was an English theatrical magazine which was published in London between 1902 and 1939. It concentrated on providing a pictorial record of West End theatrical productions, each issue being devoted to a single show, with descriptions of the plot, the costumes and the sets, and numerous photographs of the cast and scenes from the production; in the case of musicals, it usually included some of the lyrics and short extracts from the score.
In its early years, the magazine experienced several changes. The ownership changed hands in May 1904, when the first editor, Rudolph Birnbaum, was replaced by Frank M Boyd. He in turn was succeeded after less than a year by Fred Dangerfield. who edited the next 20 issues.
In 1905, "The Play Pictorial" merged with a rival magazine, "The Play", which had been published between May and October 1904 under the editorship of Benjamin William Findon, and in mid-1906 Findon took over as editor of the combined magazine, which he continued to edit for over 30 years.
The last issue of "Play Pictorial", no 446, appeared in 1939, after which the magazine was absorbed into another London theatrical magazine "Theatre World"

</doc>
<doc id="30953619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953619" title="Buckland v Bournemouth University">
Buckland v Bournemouth University

Buckland v Bournemouth University [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/2010/121.html EWCA Civ 121 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Professor Buckland taught environmental archaeology. He failed a high proportion of students on his course at Bournemouth University. The fails were endorsed by the second marker, and confirmed by the university’s examiner board, but the chair of the examiner board arranged for exam remarking and elevated some scores. Professor Buckland objected, there was an inquiry, and the inquiry criticised the board and vindicated Professor Buckland. Nevertheless, Professor Buckland resigned claiming constructive dismissal. The University argued that Professor Buckland had resigned of his own accord, and so there could be no claim for unfair dismissal because there was no dismissal.
The Employment Tribunal found the University committed a fundamental breach of good faith, not cured by the inquiry. The Employment Appeal Tribunal held the reasonable range of responses did not apply when examining whether there was a constructive dismissal, and upheld the Tribunal.
Judgment.
Sedley LJ held that, following "Western Excavating (ECC) Ltd v Sharp" when considering whether there was a fundamental breach, an employer was not absolved if it showed its actions were within a reasonable range of responses, doubting "Abbey National Plc v Fairbrother" and "Claridge v Daler Rowney Ltd". To say that what was in a reasonable range of responses would determine a fundamental breach would drive "a coach and four" through the law of contract of which employment law was an integral part. On the argument that subsequent behaviour could ‘cure’ a fundamental breach of contract, this could not stand because its introduction into the general law of contract could not be justified. This did not mean that a wronged party may not affirm a contract, by continuing in a job.
Carnwath LJ and Jacob LJ concurred.

</doc>
<doc id="30953633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953633" title="Ali Zouaoui">
Ali Zouaoui

Ali Zouaoui (November 10, 1925 - February 18, 1972) was a Tunisian economist and politician. He was a member of an old family which hailed from Hajeb El Ayoun, and studied law and economics in France. He served as administrator of the Central Bank of Tunisia from 1970 to 1972; in the latter year he was killed in a traffic accident. His brother-in-law was the painter Néjib Belkhodja.

</doc>
<doc id="30953638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953638" title="2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Women's Doubles">
2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Women's Doubles

Polona Hercog and Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová were the defending champions, but Záhlavová-Strýcová chose not to compete this year.
As a result, Hercog partnered up with Petra Martić. However, they lost in quarterfinals to Petra Cetkovská and Renata Voráčová. 
Mariya Koryttseva and Ioana Raluca Olaru defeated Lourdes Domínguez Lino and Arantxa Parra Santonja in the final, 3–6, 6–1, [10–4]

</doc>
<doc id="30953670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953670" title="Félicité-class frigate">
Félicité-class frigate

The "Félicité" class was a type of 12-pounder 32-gun frigate of the French Navy, designed by Pierre-Alexandre Forfait.

</doc>
<doc id="30953683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953683" title="Rachel Corsie">
Rachel Corsie

Rachel Louise Corsie (born 17 August 1989) is a Scottish football defender. She plays for English FA WSL club Notts County, after playing for Glasgow City of the Scottish Women's Premier League. Corsie made her senior Scotland debut against France in March 2009 and has since amassed over fifty appearances for the national team.
Club career.
In July 2008 Corsie joined Glasgow City from Aberdeen Ladies. In her first season with City she contributed 10 goals as the club won a domestic treble. She also featured in the UEFA Women's Champions League.
Corsie left Glasgow City for Notts County in January 2014, to fulfil her ambition of playing in England. She was attracted to playing at Meadow Lane and training full-time.
International career.
Corsie captained the Scotland U-19 team who reached the finals of the 2008 UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship.
At the 2009 Cyprus Cup, Corsie made her senior debut against France and was selected in all Scotland's games at the tournament.
Personal life.
Aberdeen legend Donald Colman was Corsie's great-grandfather. Corsie remains an Aberdeen FC supporter, and models her game on that of Zander Diamond.
Rachel now works in professional services at Ernst & Young as an Assurance Associate where her flexible working scheme enables her to do accountancy and football side by side. She studied at Hazlehead Academy and then undertook a degree in accountancy and finance at Robert Gordon University. Corsie was awarded a women's football scholarship by the SFA.

</doc>
<doc id="30953685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953685" title="2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Women's Singles">
2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Women's Singles

Venus Williams was the defending champion but chose not to participate this year. <br> Gisela Dulko defeated Arantxa Parra Santonja in the final, 6–3, 7–6(5).

</doc>
<doc id="30953686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953686" title="Mustapha Kamel Nabli">
Mustapha Kamel Nabli

Mustapha Kamel Nabli (born Téboulba, February 10, 1948) is a Tunisian economist. He served as Governor of the Central Bank of Tunisia from 17 January 2011 until June 2012.
He got the Prize of the President of the Republic in June 1969 for his Bachelor in Economics and his degree from Tunis Ecole Nationale d’ Administration (ENA). Master's and PhD in Economics, University of California, Los Angeles. Professor of Economics, Faculté de Droit et des Sciences Politiques et Economiques de Tunis; visiting professor, various universities in Canada, US, Belgium and France; international consultant. 1988-90, Chairman, Tunis Stock Exchange. 1990-95, Minister of Economic Development and Minister of Planning and Regional Development of Tunisia; concurrently, 1994-1996: member of U.N. Secretary General High Level Group on “Development Strategy and Management of the Market Economy”. Economics Expert for the EU and the League of Arab Nations. With World Bank: 1997, Senior Economic Adviser, Development Prospects, Development Economics; 1999-2010, Regional Chief Economist and Director, Social and Economic Development Group, Middle East and North Africa; 2010 - Jan. 2011, Senior Adviser to the World Bank Chief Economist. Jan. 2011 - July 2012, Governor of the Central Bank of Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="30953697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953697" title="Andrews Railway Station">
Andrews Railway Station

Andrews Railway Station was a station on the Hutt Valley Line section of the Wairarapa Line in New Zealand. The line ran up the western side of the valley until 28 February 1954 when the Melling-Belmont section of the line closed. 
Andrews was north of Melling and the Belmont stations, but south of Gosse & Co’s siding, on the closed section of line. 
History.
Andrews was opened in 1938 to replace Pitcaithly's Railway Station. The building at Pitcaithly’s was moved south to Andrews to better serve the population in the rural area on the western side of the valley. 
In 1938 the Minister of Railways Dan Sullivan said that moving the station from Pitcaithlys (sic) to Andrews had been decided two years ago, as the settlement in the vicinity of the new station was several times greater than the population adjacent to Pitcaithlys. It did not relate to general improvements to Hutt Valley rail facilities, which had not yet been considered by Cabinet. 
Andrews (unlike Pitcaithly’s) was always spelt without an apostrophe.
References.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="30953704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953704" title="School of Computer Science and Electronic Engineering (Essex University)">
School of Computer Science and Electronic Engineering (Essex University)

The School of Computer Science and Electronic Engineering at the University of Essex is an academic department that focuses on educating and researching into Computer Science and Electronic Engineering specific matters. It was formed by the merger of two departments, notable for being amongst the first in England in their fields, the Department of Electronic Systems Engineering(1966) and the Department of Computer Science (1966).
Achievements.
The School/Department is notable for the following achievements:

</doc>
<doc id="30953709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953709" title="Citrogramma">
Citrogramma

Citrogramma is a genus of hoverfly.

</doc>
<doc id="30953711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953711" title="Pitcaithly's Railway Station">
Pitcaithly's Railway Station

Pitcaithly’s Railway Station and siding was a station on the Hutt Valley Line section of the Wairarapa Line in New Zealand north of Melling, which ran up the western side of the valley until 1954. It was replaced by Andrews Railway Station in 1938. 
History.
Pitcaithly’s was one of several stations opened in 1908 on the Hutt Valley section of the line, along with Melling, Gosse and Co’s siding, the Belmont Quarry Co’s Siding (which is not to be confused with the Belmont Railway Station), and the Silverstream Bridge Railway Station. 
Pitcaithly’s was closed in 1938 and the building moved to the Andrews Railway Station south of Gosse and Co’s siding. The distance moved south was about 1.2 km on the sketch map, but based on the difference in distance from Wellington (11.13 and 13.40 miles). However Hoy does note that 13.40 miles, the distance of Pitcaithly’s from Wellington, is an "approximate mileage only". 
Hoy has a photo of the station building at Pitcaithly’s, which is a small Flag Station shelter building with a two-part pitched roof highest at the middle. The name on the building is "Pitcaithlys" without an apostrophe. Note that in the index, sketch map and Appendix A, Hoy spells the name "Pitchaithlys", which appears to be a mistake. 
In 1938 the Minister of Railways Dan Sullivan said that moving the station from Pitcaithlys (sic) to Andrews had been decided two years ago, as the settlement in the vicinity of the new station was several times greater than the population adjacent to Pitcaithlys. It did not relate to general improvements to Hutt Valley rail facilities, which had not yet been considered by Cabinet. 
References.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="30953728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953728" title="Néjib Belkhodja">
Néjib Belkhodja

Néjib Belkhodja (Arabic : نجيب بلخوجة) (born Tunis, 1933 - died May 8, 2007) was a Tunisian painter. He was the brother-in-law of economist Ali Zouaoui; among her works were the designs for several Tunisian stamps.
Born to a father from the Tunisian bourgeoisie, whose members were mainly specialized in the trade and industry of hats, and a Dutch mother, opera singer at the Opéra de Paris , he studied at the School of Fine Arts in Tunis.
He began exhibiting his artwork in 1956 and solo exhibits in Tunisia; the same year he received the Tunis City International Exhibition Award. He also continues his career in France and Morocco, he participated in many group exhibitions throughout the world including in Tunisia, the United Kingdom, France, Egypt, West Germany and the United States. He won the gold medal [What?] in Italy in 1964 and Egypt in 1968. Also in 1968, he won the National Award for the painting of the Cité Internationale des Arts in Paris. In 1991 he organized an exhibition in Tunis with the Iraqi painter Dia Azzawi.
Belkhodja is distinguished by a particular approach to the traditional architecture of the medina, where the success of his works and paintings that bear the mark of specificity and authenticity of the modern Tunisian art.

</doc>
<doc id="30953733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953733" title="City with powiat rights">
City with powiat rights

A city county (, lit. "city with powiat rights") is a city in Poland that has the status of a county (). There are 65 of them in total. Sometimes a city county will also be referred to in Polish as ; this term however is not official (it was used during the interwar times of the Second Polish Republic). A modern "city with powiat rights" should not be confused with the interwar "city county".
City counties are distinct from and independent of the 314 regular powiats (sometimes referred as 'land counties' (), again a term that was used in the interwar period and is not used in modern Polish law).

</doc>
<doc id="30953738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953738" title="Ohio State Route 312">
Ohio State Route 312

State Route 312 (SR 312) is a north–south state highway located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. SR 312 runs from its southern terminus at a T-intersection with SR 93 approximately northeast of Logan to its northern terminus at a T-intersection with SR 664 nearly south of Bremen.
SR 312 was created in the early 1930s. Its generally maintained its same routing for the entirety of its history, excepting the first five years of its existence when it continued north along SR 664 a short distance through Bremen before coming to an end at SR 37. This two-lane highway traverses rural territory for its entire length.
Route description.
Along its way, SR 312 traverses a very small portion of Hocking County, cuts across the southwestern most part of Perry County and enters into the southeastern corner of Fairfield County.
SR 312 begins at a T-intersection with SR 93 in Hocking County's Falls Township at a location approximately northeast of Logan. The initial stretch of this state highway features it traveling to the northwest amidst a wooded landscape. After a distance of just , the route departs Hocking County and passes into Perry County. 
Now in Monday Creek Township, SR 312 continues to travel in a northwesterly direction through gently rolling hills, with forested land providing the predominant backdrop, but the occasional patch of open field appears along the way, along with a few houses. The highway passes Township Road 245 and travels a distance before passing through a reverse curve that takes it to the northeast before turning to the north-northwest. It next meets Griggs Road, then intersects Township Road 248 as it curves back to the north-northeast. SR 312 gradually starts arcing back to the northwest prior to meeting Township Road 430 at a split intersection, with the eastern leg meeting the state highway just prior to where the western leg meets it. After a short distance, SR 312 crosses Township Road 372, and passes into Jackson Township. The landscape becomes more open in this area in the immediate vicinity of the highway, with woods dwelling further in the background. Following a northwesterly trend as it passes through the southwestern part of the township, the state route meets Van Horn Road, and a short distance later, enters into Fairfield County.
As it enters Rush Creek Township, SR 312 travels to the northwest, continuing amidst primarily open fields with houses appearing along the way, and woods situated further back. The route bends to the west-northwest prior to the split intersection it has with Bethel Road, with the southern leg intersecting first, followed shortly thereafter by the northern leg. Next, SR 312 passes through a sharp reverse curve that takes the highway north and then back to the west as McCullough Road splits off to the north. After intersecting Fairview Road, the state highway turns to the northwest, then bends to the west-northwest before meeting Geneva School Road. Shortly after that point, SR 312 comes to an end as it arrives at the T-intersection it has with SR 664, which forms the southern and western legs of intersection as SR 312 enters from the east.
SR 312 is not included as a part of the National Highway System, a network of highways identified as most important for the economy, mobility and defense of the nation.
History.
The designation of SR 312 took place in 1932. The original path of SR 312 incorporated all of its current routing, along with the portion of SR 664 that runs between SR 312 and SR 37 just north of the village limits of Bremen. When SR 664 was introduced in 1937, SR 312's northern terminus was moved from SR 37 south to its current location, as the SR 664 designation replaced that of SR 312 from there through Bremen to the SR 37 intersection, and then continuing north of where SR 312 had formerly ended.

</doc>
<doc id="30953750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953750" title="Charles Remue">
Charles Remue

Charles Remue (15 October 1903 – 5 February 1971) was a Belgian clarinetist, alto saxophone player and bandleader of early jazz, who, while leading a band called Chas. Remue & His New Stompers, recorded what are widely considered to be the first jazz discs (in 1927) by a Belgian band.
Early life.
Born in Brussels, Remue began studying music early in life and was admitted to the Royal Conservatory of Brussels in 1915. He finished in 1922, winning three Grand Prizes before doing so. His first foray into playing syncopated music was in the same year, with a small band in a Brussels dance hall. It was this experience that changed his direction from that as a classical-trained musician.
Career.
Remue joined the Red Mill's Jazz in 1924, the Bing Boys later that year and within the next year joined The White Diamonds, which was directed by the English drummer Billy Smith. From this group came an important friendship with Rene Compère (28 December 1906 – 24 April 1969). This partnership, documented by jazz historian/writer Robert Goffin in his 1932 book "Aux Fontieres du Jazz", led to the formation of His New Stompers. When music publisher/promoter Felix Faecq brought the group to London to record their first sides, five of the fourteen recordings made were written by David Bee and Peter Packay – two of the first Belgian jazz composers. London had been chosen over Brussels because of its superior recording facilities.
Later career.
After His New Stompers, Remue joined the Savoy Orpheans and toured Europe. Upon his return to Brussels, he organized and recorded with his first big band. With the advent of the 1930s, he played with the Bernard Ette Band in Germany, then briefly had another big band, and afterwards played with various other groups until 1936, when he joined the Brussels Radio Orchestra, which was led by his old pianist Stan Brenders. Remue continued playing and recording into his later years.

</doc>
<doc id="30953755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953755" title="Benjamin Burns">
Benjamin Burns

Benjamin Henry Burns (28 May 1848 – 3 June 1932) was a Scottish rugby union footballer who represented England in the first international match against Scotland in 1871.
Sports career.
Burns was a member of Blackheath F.C. during his early twenties, and in late 1870, along with Edwin Ash, he published a letter in "The Times" calling for "those who play the rugby-type game should meet to form a code of practice as various clubs play to rules which differ from others, which makes the game difficult to play." Such a meeting took place the following month, leading to the formation of the Rugby Football Union. While he was serving as club secretary of Blackheath, the leading clubs in Scotland wrote a letter to the club issuing a challenge for a match between Scotland and England. Burns replied, agreeing to the contest. He was initially not meant to be among the 20-man England side, but the withdrawal of Francis Isherwood (who played in the second match) saw Burns take his place in the team. England lost the game, which was the first international rugby match, by one goal to nil on 27 March 1871. ESPNscrum lists him as playing as a forward in the match, but his obituary in "The Evening Post" suggests that he was a half-back. When he worked in India, Burns appeared for the Calcutta Football Club.
In addition to rugby, Burns was also an avid golfer, and while working in Christchurch, he was one of four promoters to establish a gold club at Hagley Park in the city. He won the Christchurch championship on two occasions, and became captain, and later life-member of the club.
Life and business career.
Burns was born on 28 May 1848, to Archibald Burns who was general manager of the Bank of Scotland in Perthshire. He started his working life as a clerk for the Oriental Bank Corporation. He moved to India during his work with the bank, but due to health issues, he moved to Christchurch, New Zealand, taking the position of manager of the Colonial Bank. Upon the merger with the Bank of New Zealand, he became assistant-manager of the Christchurch branch. He then went into partnership with Mr Henderson, and upon his death he ran Henderson and Burns, a share broker. By the time of his death in 1932, Burns was a director of Whitcombe & Tombs Ltd. a national chain of book stores.
He married Alice May Gower, and the couple had a son, Archibald, who committed suicide during the First World War, while serving as part of the Canterbury Infantry Battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="30953756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953756" title="Bracebridge Heath Cricket Club">
Bracebridge Heath Cricket Club

Bracebridge Heath Cricket Club play in the village of Bracebridge Heath on the outskirts of Lincoln, Lincolnshire, England. The club won the 2002 England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) Notts Premier League and won the ECB Lincolnshire Premier League every year from 2003 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30953778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953778" title="Turner Island">
Turner Island

Turner Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30953813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953813" title="Khay">
Khay

Khay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30953838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953838" title="Symphony No. 3 (Schnittke)">
Symphony No. 3 (Schnittke)

The Third Symphony by Alfred Schnittke was his fourth composition in the symphonic form, completed in 1981.
Like its predecessor, it is in four movements: an opening "Moderato", followed by an "Allegro", a long movement marked "Allego pesante", with the briefer finale marked "Adagio". At around 50 minutes, it is Schnittke's third longest symphony, after the First and Second symphonies.
It shares an intensity similar to the First Symphony, but unlike that work has a more traditional form, and contains no direct quotations. Nonetheless, the influence of many composers hangs over the piece (Richard Taruskin called the opening of the work "Wagner's "Rheingold" prelude, cubed and cubed again."), not merely stylistically but in Schnittke's repeated use of composers' initials. These include Bach, Handel, Mozart, Schoenberg, Stockhausen and Hans Werner Henze. Further use is made of transposed words later in the work: in the third movement the word "das Böse" ("the Evil") appears as an eight-note tone row (D, A, E flat, A flat, B flat, E, E flat, E), with the B-A-C-H monogram dominating the final movement.
The work was premiered in Leipzig on 5th November 1981, with Kurt Masur conducting the Leipzig Gewandhausorchester in Schnittke's presence. It was first recorded in 1984 by Gennadi Rozhdestvensky with the USSR Ministry of Culture Symphony Orchestra. A further recording appeared in the 1990s with the Royal Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra under Eri Klas.

</doc>
<doc id="30953844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953844" title="Barrie Roberts">
Barrie Roberts

Barrie Roberts (Hampshire, 1939 - 2007) was an English author, folk singer, freelance journalist, and criminal lawyer.
Biography.
Born in Hampshire in 1939, Roberts was educated at Churcher's College.
As a lawyer, Roberts worked for two firms in the West Midlands and at one he was a part of the appeal for the Birmingham Six. As an instructor, Roberts taught courses on Ghosts and Unsolved Mysteries and has also lectured on the Assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
Roberts was a member of the Gypsy council and interested himself in the treatment of Gypsies and other travellers.

</doc>
<doc id="30953861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953861" title="Transformer (Bruce Kulick album)">
Transformer (Bruce Kulick album)

Transformer is the second studio album by former Kiss guitarist Bruce Kulick, released in 2003 by Perris Records. Album was produced by Bruce Kulick, Stephan Hanuman and Curt Cuomo. Cover was designed by Jim Bovin.
Album featured drummer Brent Fitz, vocalist John Corabi both of whom Bruce had worked with in a band Union, keyboardist Tim Cashion and Curt Cuomo on backing vocals.
Track listing.
All songs are written and sung by Bruce Kulick, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="30953866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953866" title="Trishatny family">
Trishatny family

Trishatny, (; transcribed "Trishatnyie") is a noble family in the Russian Empire of 19th – beginning of 20th century. Inheritable nobility rights were obtained by "Alexander Trishatny", a participant of the Patriotic War of 1812 with Napoleon.
Genealogy.
The ancestors of "Trishatny" (or "Treshatny") are said to be of malorossiyan origin (now Ukraine), however this last name is the only evidence here. The inherited land tenures of Trishatnys (it usually affirms hereditary nobility) were registered in Tula Governorate, south to Moscow. Controversial variant of its spelling ("Triscshazhny", ) upon which amateur researcher Oleg Platonov insists founds no support neither in Russian press of 1900–10s, nor in the mainstream scientific works of both Soviet and international researchers. It also contradicts with known genealogy of "Trishatnys" family.
Alexander Lvovich Trishatny (, 1785—1852 or 1853) participated in the Patriotic War of 1812 with Napoleon, where was three times wounded. After the Battle of Vyazma, which occurred on at the beginning of Napoleon's retreat from Moscow was awarded the 4th rank of the Order of St. George. Promoted to Lieutenant general in 1837, in 1843 Alexander Lvovich Trishatny assumed the command of the Special Corps of Internal Guard (). Simultaneously served as an Inspector of Reserve Infantry Corps.
In 1847 general Trishatny was arrested, imprisoned in a fortress and charged "to the connivance to various unpardonable riots in conjunction with actions giving cause to suspect of bribery." Thi case was one of the scandalous incidents of that time, fixed not only in the memoirs of many contemporaries, but in the foreign press. A 17,000-man contingent of conscripts was sent on foot from Moscow to Caucasus into the disposal of the viceroy of the Caucasus prince Mikhail Vorontsov. Colonels and generals responsible for the redeployment of this army-size group completely plundered the money allocated for its food and ammunition by the Reserve Infantry Corps. As a result 14,000 people is said to have died on the way from hunger and deprivations.
Reports about these abuses reached Nicholas I. However investigation and verification of the reported facts was entrusted to general Trishatny, while the army chiefs who had committed abuses were submitted to him as an Inspector of Reserve Infantry Corps. Trishatny reported the czar that all the complaint was a slander, that the facts presented by complainants were not confirmed, and that all recruits prosper ().
Meanwhile another investigator independently sent by czar refuted that, so Trishatny and another general, directly responsible for the operation were immediately arrested and brought to trial. For the abuse of service Trishatny was dismissed and demoted in rank to a common soldier. General Vladimir Poltoratsky (1830–1886) says that Trishatny was also deprived of all state awards and noble dignity, and that his estate was confiscated for the benefit of wronged. However Korf argues that Nicholas I somehow softened the judgment and did not deprive Trishatny of nobility, retained his disability pensions for the injuries and
let the choice of the place of residence for him.
Poltoratski mentions only two elder sons of dismissed general, Constantine Alexandrovich and Lev Alexandrovich. As he writes they (apparently, twins) had graduated the Page Corps in 1842 just 3 months before he was accepted there. Born in 1830, Poltoratski himself graduated the "Arakcheyev's" Page Corps in Novgorod in 1848, so alleged twins were 5–6 years older than he was. Born around 1824–25, both brothers served in the Guards Horse Artillery regiment. Their two sisters were ladies-in-waiting at a court of Nicholas I. After the dismissal of their father in 1847, they found themselves on the verge of poverty. Besides, by that time both brothers were already saddled with huge debts; so they decided to cast lots which of them will have to leave Petersburg to reduce the financial burden on their family. The lot fell to "Constantine", who went to Caucasus where Poltoratsky saw him in 1848 in a rank of sotnik. There got acquainted to Leo Tolstoy, who mentions Constantine in his diaries.
Iosif Alexandrovich Trishatny (, 1838 — after 1869) was born when "Alexander Lvovich" was 53. He also graduated some Page Corps. In 1857 he was seconded to the Caucasian War, where since 1855 truce with Imam Shamil was broken and hostilities resumed. In 1859 a 250,000 strong army of General Baryatinsky successfully completed its pacifying operation, however the further battle way of Iosif Trishatny remains dark.
"Iosif Alexandrovich" was married to Zinaida Pavlovna, née Gagarina, a granddaughter of Prince Pavel Pavlovich Gagarin (1789–1872). It is not known exactly where their sons "Sergei" (1865) "Alexander" (1870) and "Constantine" (after 1870) were born.
Constantine Iosifovich Trishatny () continued the military traditions of his anchestors and entered the 2nd "Konstantinovskoe" Military School (). In service from what indirectly shows he was born about 1869–70. On its graduation on was promoted to the rank of podporuchik and seconded to the 74th "Stavropol" regiment. On seconded to the guards unit maintaining the rank of podporuchik (lieutenant). Promoted to poruchik on , to stabskapitän (); to captain (); to colonel (). As of March 1914 registered with 1st Leib Guard Rifle regiment.
In World War I, on he assumed command of 54th ("Minsk") Rifle regiment; on of a brigade of 37th Infantry division with a promotion to Major General (1916). On assumed command of the 41st Infantry division. In September 1918 was taken as a hostage by the North-Caucasian Soviet Republic in the provision of a truce. After the violation of the armistice, following the coup of I. L. Sorokin executed in Pyatigorsk together with the other hostages. Awards: Order of Saint Stanislaus 2nd grade (1909); Order of St. Anna 2nd grade (1912).
Sergei Iosifovich Trishatny ( — after ). Barrister, a Secretary of the board of the Union of Russian People ("URP"), a loyalist right-wing nationalist party, the most important among Black-Hundredist monarchist and antisemitic political organizations in the Russian Empire of 1905–1917.
Known as the organizer of terroristic combat squads () which shot and murdered political opponents of URP, from deputies of Duma to the left-wing functionaries. In 1907–08 following growing internal conflicts and power struggle in the URP Trishatny withdrew from his active participation in the Union.
Alexander Iosifovich Trishatny (1870–after 1920). Graduated engineer, collegiate secretary. Deputy chairman of the board of the Union of Russian People ("URP", see above), co-author of the charter of URP.

</doc>
<doc id="30953874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953874" title="Re-Active destocking">
Re-Active destocking

Re-Active destocking in supply chain management is a reduction of the inventory when expected demand goes down. When a company is only doing Re-Active destocking the desired inventory to sales ratio, remains unchanged. Re-Active destocking in general is done by operational managers of the logistical activities, without additional instructions. The inventory can include finished products, raw materials and/or goods in process.
The term Re-Active destocking is relevant when it is used in connection with active destocking. Active destocking refers to an active decision to reduce the inventory to sales ratio of a company. In general Active destocking is done following an autonomous, often financial decision by a company to improve its efficiency, freeing up cash and reducing its costs. Decisions for Active destocking in general are made by financial executives or general managers.
The terms Re-Active destocking and active destocking were first used in an article about the Lehman Wave, published by Dutch researchers in 2009.
A Lehman Wave refers to an economy-wide fluctuation in production and in economic activity with a wavelength of between 12 to 18 months, driven by a sudden major disruption of the economic system. The Lehman Wave is a dampened, wave-like fluctuation around equilibrium. The amplitude of the Lehman Wave is larger for a business that is further away from its end market than for a business that is closer to its end market, which difference is caused by cumulative destocking of the intermediate supply chain.
The first described Lehman Wave was caused by global active destocking, followed by Re-Active destocking after the financial panic following the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers on September 15, 2008. The Lehman Wave can have strong effects on the sales volume and therefore on the profitability of companies higher in the value chain.
Active destocking caused the Lehman Wave and Re-Active destocking deepened it.
The strong dip in the manufacturing industry seen at the end of 2008 was caused by cumulative and synchronized active destocking followed by Re-Active destocking, triggered by the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers. Said bankruptcy created a sudden peak in the Libor interest rate, causing the banks to recall credit and companies to start freeing up cash by Active destocking, so reducing their stocks. When the customers of a company start Active destocking it is experienced by said company as lower demand and said company will respond by doing Re-Active destocking. End markets also responded by going down, but slower and in most markets not so strongly. The drop in end market plus the Active and Re-Active destocking created a giant damped wave, the so-called Lehman Wave. 
"Fig 1: Red curve is the Lehman Wave as a fluctuation around the equilibrium, in this simplified example the black line represents the longer term economic cycle."
Relation between Inventory to Sales ratio and Inventory following an Active destocking decision.
When a company takes an active destocking decision, said company expresses the wish to reduce the Inventory to Sales ratio. In a real world the actual inventory can first go up, before going down, depending on the behavior of the other players in the supply chain.
Active and Re-Active destocking explains why some companies can see a strong dip in sales while their end markets are fairly stable..
If the supply chain between a company and its end-customer would have a Stock depth of “250 days’ sales”, meaning that it takes at least 250 days for a molecule to travel from a companies’ warehouse to the end consumer, and if each firm in such a 250-day supply chain decides to do Active destocking of 12%, an amount of stock equal to 30 days’ sales (a whole month) is taken out of the chain. For a company at the beginning of the supply chain this will result in either a business standstill for a whole month or a 33% decline during three months.
This discovery of active destocking,Re-Active destocking and the Lehman Wave can have important implications for manufacturing scheduling, inventory management, work force management and budgeting.
Relation between Active destocking, Re-Active destocking, the Lehman Wave and Bullwhip effect.
While the existence of the bullwhip effect has been extensively documented (e.g., Forrester (1961), Sterman (1989), and Lee et al. (1997), Croson and Donohue (2006)), there have been arguments about its existence in the overall economy or in supply chains encompassing numerous companies. Cachon et al. (2007) recently argued that no evidence of the existence of the bullwhip effect could be found. Fransoo and Wouters (2000) and Chen and Lee (2009) argue that in order to observe the bullwhip effect it is crucial to measure it correctly. Both these papers argue that improper aggregation essentially takes away the opportunity to observe the bullwhip effect. In the beer distribution game (Sterman, 1989), the bullwhip effect is created by a single pulse. In Sterman’s experiment, this single pulse is an increase in the demand level. In the case of the Lehman Wave that started in September 2008 the single pulse is Active destocking, in this case a synchronized decrease in the target inventory-over-sales level along the entire supply chain. A reduction of inventories under stable or slightly decreasing sales can only be achieved if purchases are reduced or postponed. As a consequence of the decision to reduce inventory, therefore, many companies substantially reduced their purchases of supplies or raw materials. Obviously, companies further upstream in the supply chain were hit more than companies downstream. So the Lehman Wave can be described as a Synchronized Bullwhip caused by Active destocking, followed by Re-Active destocking.

</doc>
<doc id="30953896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953896" title="Turner Island (Saskatchewan)">
Turner Island (Saskatchewan)

Turner Island is a small island in Northern Saskatchewan, Canada; surrounded by Cree Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="30953923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953923" title="Frederick Reynolds (cricketer)">
Frederick Reynolds (cricketer)

Frederick Reginald Reynolds (7 August 1833 – 18 April 1915) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Cambridge Town Club from 1854 to 1860, for Cambridgeshire from 1857 to 1867 and for Lancashire from 1865 to 1874.
Reynolds was born at Bottisham, Cambridgeshire. He became a professional cricketer and was employed at Charterhouse School in 1853 and 1854. He played one or two first class matches a year for Cambridge Town Club from 1854 to 1860 and was a professional with M.C.C. in 1855. From 1856 to 1857 he was at Botesdale, Suffolk and he played about three first class matches a year for Cambridgeshire from 1857 to 1867. In 1858 he played for the United England Eleven in a tour of non-first class matches and in 1859 and 1860 made similar tours for the All England Eleven. In 1861 joined Manchester Cricket Club as a ground bowler and then became ground manager. In 1865 he made his debut for Lancashire, playing until 1874. He took two five-wicket innings in 1865 and one in 1866. The match against Surrey at Old Trafford on 26 May 1870 was played as his benefit match. During the season he achieved two five wicket innings. In November 1870 he was promoted to the offices of Acting Assistant Secretary, Collector and General Manager of the Manchester Cricket Club. In the 1871 season he took two five 
Reynolds was initially a right-hand fast round-arm bowler with a break-back from the off and an easy action. He was later a slow underarm bowler. He took 208 first class wickets at an average of 17.58 and with a best performance of 6 for 58. He was a hard hitting tail end right-hand batsman and played 106 innings in 65 first class matches with an average of 5.55 and a top score of 34 not out.

</doc>
<doc id="30953929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953929" title="Cowie Island">
Cowie Island

Cowie Island is a small island in Northern Saskatchewan, Canada; surrounded by Cree Lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="30953931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953931" title="Igbo v Johnson, Matthey Chemicals Ltd">
Igbo v Johnson, Matthey Chemicals Ltd

Igbo v Johnson, Matthey Chemicals Ltd ICR 505 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Ms Igbo was granted three extra days holiday for signing an agreement that if she failed to return on a set date ‘your contract of employment will automatically terminate’. She was ill, and sent in a medical note, but her job was still terminated.
Judgment.
Parker LJ held that agreed terminations are very often still dismissals, as under the Employment Rights Act 1996 section 95(1)(b) where fixed term contracts expire, or where there is notice under section 95(1)(a). Here the provision for automatic termination had the effect, if valid, of limiting the operation of the sections. It was therefore void by virtue of section 203.

</doc>
<doc id="30953941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953941" title="1960 in fine arts of the Soviet Union">
1960 in fine arts of the Soviet Union

The year 1960 was marked by many events that left an imprint on the history of Soviet and Russian Fine Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="30953968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953968" title="Bombón de Azúcar">
Bombón de Azúcar

Vuelve may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30953980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30953980" title="Charles Andrews (organist)">
Charles Andrews (organist)

Charles Andrews is Associate Director of Music, All Saints, Margaret Street. He studied organ at the Royal College of Music with David Graham and Sophie-Véronique Cauchefer-Choplin, with the support of a Douglas and Kyra Downie Award.
He is Accompanist of Hertfordshire Chorus. Prior to his appointment at All Saints, Margaret Street he held posts at St John's, Hyde Park, Chelmsford Cathedral, and the Michael James organ scholarship at Rochester Cathedral.
Engagements in 2012 include the premiere of David Briggs "Mosaïque" for organ duo, with Roger Sayer.
Discography.
Duruflé "Prélude sur l'Introït de l'Épiphanie" op 13 and "Toccata" op 5 from the album "Missa Carolae & Songs of the Nativity" A Christmas Album from Rochester Cathedral
"Midas Touch" Roger Sayer and Charles Andrews at the organ of Rochester Cathedral

</doc>
<doc id="30954012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954012" title="Vuelo">
Vuelo

Vuelo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30954028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954028" title="Loretta Jafelice">
Loretta Jafelice

Loretta Jafelice is a Canadian- American voice actress. She voiced Eudial and Diana in the English version of the Japanese anime "Sailor Moon". She also played Maxie in "Maxie's World" and the Despair Spirit in "" which are voice roles in western animation.

</doc>
<doc id="30954045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954045" title="Gisda Cyf v Barratt">
Gisda Cyf v Barratt

Gisda Cyf v Barratt [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKSC/2010/41.html UKSC 41 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Gisda Cyf employed Ms Barratt. On 30 November 2006 a letter was sent to her that she was being summarily dismissed for gross misconduct, apparently misconduct at a private party, ‘witnessed by one of the company’s service users’. She had been given a disciplinary hearing, and then told she would hear by post. Ms Barratt was visiting her sister who was giving birth, and did not open the letter until 4 December. She appealed through the charity’s internal procedure, and that was dismissed. Then she filed an unfair dismissal claim for sex discrimination on 2 March 2007. Was it in the 3 month time limit?
Bean J in the Employment Appeal Tribunal held it was within time, because the principle in "The Brimnes" could not be adapted to the employment law context. Mummery LJ in the Court of Appeal agreed.
Judgment.
Lord Kerr for the Supreme Court (Lord Hope, Lord Saville, Lord Walker and Lady Hale) held that because the Employment Rights Act 1996 section 97 is part of an employees’ charter of rights, about which people must be properly informed, that the employer’s communication of dismissal was ineffective until Miss Barratt was actually told. Starting by reference to the judgments of the courts below, Lord Kerr said the following.

</doc>
<doc id="30954053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954053" title="Dudley Lloyd-Evans">
Dudley Lloyd-Evans

Wing Commander Dudley Lloyd-Evans MC DFC* (1895–1972) was a Welsh-born soldier and flying ace. After being decorated for his ground service during World War I, he transferred to aviation, was credited with eight official aerial victories, and again won military honours for his valour. He remained in the Royal Air Force until the end of the Second World War.
World War I.
Dudley Lloyd-Evans began his military career in the Welsh Borderers during World War I. Nothing is known of his infantry service except that he won the Military Cross for gallantry in late 1916. He then switched to the Royal Flying Corps. By mid-1918, he had been posted to 64 Squadron as a Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5a pilot. He began a run of solo aerial victories on the last day of May 1918, when he destroyed a German Albatros D.V fighter over La Bassée. He scored the second time on 25 July 1918, destroying a Fokker D.VII. Another fell under his guns on 21 August. Two days later, he destroyed a two-seater LVG reconnaissance plane over Cantin. On 3 September, he drove down a Fokker D.VII out of control for his fifth win, becoming an ace. Two days later, he drove another one down northeast of Cambrai. On 18 September 1918, he capped his career as an ace by destroying one Fokker D.VII and driving another one down. His exploits won him a Distinguished Flying Cross, gazetted after war's end.
Post World War I.
Lloyd-Evans was given a short service commission as a Flight Lieutenant in the Royal Air Force on 24 October 1919. This commission was later confirmed as permanent.
He won a Bar to his Distinguished Flying Cross in lieu of a second award in 1921 for an aerial rescue sortie in Mesopotamia.
On 1 October 1937, he was promoted to Squadron Leader.
He married Margaret Ralston, daughter of Sir Harry Hope in 1939; the union made him proprietor of one of Scotland's historic old mansions, Kinnettles House.
He then rose to the rank of temporary Wing Commander on 1 June 1940.
On 10 September 1945, he reverted to retirement, retaining the rank of Wing Commander.
Dudley Lloyd-Evans died on 20 March 1972 in Cheltenham, England. He was buried in Grave A80, St. Mary Magdalene's Churchyard, Boddington, Gloucestershire.
Honours and awards.
Temp. 2nd Lt. Dudley Lloyd Evans, South Wales Borderers
For conspicuous gallantry in action. He wired the portion of the enemy's intermediate line which was captured that night. Later, he led a bombing attack with great courage and initiative.
Lieut. (A./Capt.) Dudley Lloyd Evans, M.C. (South Wales Borderers). (FRANCE)
A brilliant fighting pilot who has carried out numerous offensive and low-bombing patrols with marked success. He has accounted for six enemy aeroplanes, and in these combats in the air he is conspicuous for dash, determination and courage.
Flying Officer Dudley Lloyd Evans, M.C., D.F.C., R.A.F.
For gallantry, skill and devotion to duty
on the 1st November 1920, while accompanying
another machine on reconnaissance.
Owing to engine trouble the second machine,
with pilot and observer, had to make a forced
landing in hostile country. A party of
mounted Arabs at once started firing at the
observer, who was dismantling a Lewis gun.
On seeing this, Flying Officer Evans landed
at great peril to himself, took both officers
his already loaded machine, and getting off
with much difficulty, returned to Headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="30954060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954060" title="Arthur D. Little School of Management">
Arthur D. Little School of Management

Arthur D. Little, the world’s oldest management consulting firm, established Arthur D. Little School of Management, the fully accredited non-profit school, in 1964. The school was modeled on the MIT Sloan School of Management. In 1976, the school was accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges. 
In 1996, the Arthur D. Little School of Management formed a partnership with Boston College's Carroll School of Management, giving it access to the college's facilities. The following year the Arthur D. Little School of Management became an independent non-profit entity, with Arthur D. Little Inc. as its only shareholder.
The Arthur D. Little School of Management is thought to be the world’s only example of an accredited non-profit university that was corporately owned. Many of the professors who taught at ADL were full-time professors at the Harvard Business School, MIT Sloan, Babson, Northeastern and Boston College, and were also global consultants attached to one of ADL's Global Management Practice areas: Technology, Strategy & Organization, Corporate Finance, Operations, and Risk. This real-world association resulted in an effective educational program that received top ranks from The Economist magazine's MBA rankings (#1 in international experience and #1 in post graduate salary increase).
The Master of Science in Management Program was an intense globally focused, one-year graduate degree program designed for experienced professionals moving into positions of increased managerial responsibility.
The Arthur D. Little School of Management became the Hult International Business School in 2002, after the reorganization of its parent consulting firm.

</doc>
<doc id="30954139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954139" title="Cold World">
Cold World

Cold World may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30954162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954162" title="Ford v Warwickshire CC">
Ford v Warwickshire CC

Ford v Warwickshire CC ICR 273 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Mrs Ford worked from September to July on successive fixed term contracts for 8 academic years as a part time lecturer. Given the summer breaks, the question was whether her summer holiday breaks counted as merely temporary cessations of work.
Judgment.
Lord Diplock held that there was enough continuity of employment to establish the qualifying period. ‘One looks to see what was the reason for the employer’s failure to renew the contract on the expiry of its fixed term and asks oneself the question: was that reason ‘a temporary cessation of work,’ within the meaning of that phrase’. So for dismissal and redundancy, the period is broken unless ‘there is to be found between one fixed term contract and its immediate predecessor an interval that cannot be characterised as short relatively to the combined duration of the two fixed term contracts. Whether it can be so characterised is a question of fact and degree and so is for decision by an industrial tribunal…’

</doc>
<doc id="30954211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954211" title="2009 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Wheelchair Singles">
2009 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Wheelchair Singles

This was the first edition of the doubles tournament. The top two seeds Robin Ammerlaan and Stephane Houdet met in the final. Ammerlaan won the first tournament with a three set win to seal the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30954248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954248" title="Ottawa Science Fiction Society">
Ottawa Science Fiction Society

The Ottawa Science Fiction Society, Inc., or OSFS (pron:"Oss-Fuss") is a membership fan club in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It
is the oldest continuously operating science fiction club in Ontario.
Current activities.
OSFS switched from formal monthly meetings in 2012 to informal dinner meetings. Other gatherings and outings are held on an irregular basis.
It publishes an amateur magazine called "The OSFS Statement".
History.
OSFS was founded in 1977 by Marc "StarWolf" Gerin-LaJoie who was President for the first two years. Initial membership was around 150, and remained
around a hundred for most of the first decade and a half of its existence. 
"Stardock".
"Stardock" - Edited by Charles R. Saunders was a science fiction fanzine that published fiction and articles by OSFS members, as well as local writers and artists. Some notable contributors besides Saunders were Galad Elflandsson, John Bell and Charles de Lint all of whom went on to be professionally published writers.
Maplecon.
Maplecon was Ottawa's first fullfledged science fiction convention, initially held at the Skyline Hotel blocks from Ottawa's Parliament Hill in October 1978. Started by StarWolf to give 'direction' to OSFS. It was co-chaired by Jocelyn "Bink" Tait and her husband Frank. In its second year, it merged with an event run by the local comics club, called the International Comic Collectors Club (aka I.C. Cubed), and comics joined the mix. This led to a rapid expansion of the convention. Maplecon grew to a membership of around a thousand attendees, with many notable guests from both science fiction and comics. This rapid growth caused concern about liability, and the "Committee for Change" was formed by a group of concerned members. Its aim was to convince OSFS to spawn off Maplecon as a separate organization so that if Maplecon failed catastrophically, it would not also sink OSFS. This also freed Maplecon from OSFS's control, which had a mixed outcome. An oversight corporation was formed called Ottawa Fandom Inc (aka "OFI"), and ownership of Maplecon was sold to OFI for one dollar. Eventually, without oversight by OSFS, the comics aspect overwhelmed the science fiction and fantasy written word aspect, and that spawned conventions to meet the wants and needs of the literary fans. First was Pinekone and later, CAN-CON. Another ramification of Maplecon's rapid growth was that it moved to Carleton University. Although this dramatically lowered the cost of the accommodations, it also dramatically lowered the quality of the accommodations. This became a frequent complaint, and is one of the reasons cited as why Maplecon lost attendance. The last Maplecon was number 13, held in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="30954259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954259" title="Yahşi Cazibe">
Yahşi Cazibe

Yahşi Cazibe is a Turkish comedy series. Cazibe, an Azerbaijani immigrant, marries Kemal to become a Turkish citizen. "Ms. Gül" who deals with illegal marriages arranges this marriage which will last for 3 years according to the agreement. Kemal receives TL 10,000 from Cazibe. But Kemal has a girlfriend, Simge, who is the daughter of Kemal's boss. Kemal's boss does not know that Kemal and his daughter are in a relationship. Simge thinks that Cazibe is Kemal's maid. However Ejder is the foreign marriage detective and he is trying to find proof that Cazibe only married Kemal to become a Turkish Citizen. 
Yahşi Cazibe is the most popular series in Turkey that is published by ATV. 
The word "Yahşi" comes from Azerbaijani and means "beautiful, nice, attractive" (in Turkish: güzel, iyi). "Cazibe" means seduction. 
Cast

</doc>
<doc id="30954271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954271" title="1928 Imperial Airways Vickers Vulcan crash">
1928 Imperial Airways Vickers Vulcan crash

The 1928 Imperial Airways Vickers Vulcan crash occurred on 13 July 1928 when a Vickers Vulcan on a test flight from Croydon Airport with a pilot and five passengers crashed near Purley, Surrey three miles from the airport, with the loss of four passengers. As a result of the crash Imperial Airways stopped the flying of staff (so called joy rides) on test flights.
Aircraft.
The aircraft involved was a Vickers Vulcan registered "G-EBLB", an eight-passenger single-engined biplane airliner. It had been delivered to Imperial Airways in May 1925 and was the last of nine built. The machine was known as "The Flying Pig" by locals around the airport due to its appearance. Originally used for freight the aircraft had been refitted to enable it to carry eight passengers.
Accident.
The aircraft which was not in regular service but was used for special flights and carrying surplus baggage and freight had the engine changed on 12 July and departed Croydon at midday on 13 July on a flight to test the new engine. The opportunity was taken to take some members of staff on a flight along with a government aeronautical inspection department (AID) inspector. Although the aircraft needed to be passed fit by an AID inspector the presence of the inspector on the flight was not related to that approval. After the aircraft had climbed to 800 feet it disappeared from view of the airport in a south-west direction. The aircraft crashed into a market garden near Leigh Cottage on Woodcote Road, it was seen by residents flying low over the roof tops with the engine "evidently in difficulties". 
The aircraft crashed into a potato field, the pilot in an open cockpit clambered clear and helped one of the passengers from the enclosed cabin free. The aircraft burst into flames and it was not possible to rescue the other passengers. The four passengers (two male and two females) were killed and later evidence was that at least one had died due to the impact and the others were unconscious before the fire.
Inquest.
An inquest was opened at Brandon Hill near Croydon on 16 July 1928 and after identification of the four passengers was adjourned. The inquest resumed on 30 July 1928 and it was explained to the inquest by an employee of Imperial Airways that it was not unusual for passengers to be taken on test flight and those on board had permission. The coroner questioned the wisdom of allowing passengers on what could be a dangerous test flight and was told all the passengers had signed indemnity documents. The employee in charge of the two girls on the flight said they had asked her for permission and it was allowed as long as it was not for more than 15 minutes. An engineering superintendent said employees were keen to take "Joy Rides" but agreed that it was sometimes "a bother". The passenger who survived the accident told the inquest that staff thought of it as a privilege to go on a joy ride and he would do it again. 
The pilot Captain John Spafford gave his evidence to the inquest, he had been informed at 11:50 that the aircraft needed an engine test and he was to also take five passengers and some ballast. Spafford calculated that his weight would be under the full load and that on the ground the engine sounded normal. 
Spafford agreed with the coroner that the presence of passengers were not required for an engine test. After further questioning of the pilot the jury returned a verdict of accidental death in all four case. The coroner added that the practice of allowing employees of the airline to go as passengers on test flight should stop. The engineering superintendent from Imperial Airways said that the airline would discontinue the practice.

</doc>
<doc id="30954277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954277" title="Palomar–Leiden survey">
Palomar–Leiden survey

The Palomar–Leiden survey was a collaborative effort between astronomical institutions to study minor planets with visual magnitudes greater than 20. This was intended as an extension of the Yerkes–McDonald asteroid survey conducted in 1950–1952 by Gerard Kuiper, which was limited to magnitude 16. The Palomar–Leiden survey used photographic plates taken by the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory in Arizona with the 48-inch Schmidt camera at Palomar Observatory in 1960. As each minor planet was discovered, the orbital elements were computed at the Cincinnati Observatory. All other aspects of the program, including analysis of the photographs, were to be conducted at Leiden Observatory. This survey was initiated by G. Kuiper in 1961.
This survey only covered a portion of the ecliptic about the vernal equinox, with the target areas selected to minimize the number of background stars. A total of 130 photographic plates were taken during September and October 1960, with each plate spanning having and a limiting magnitude of 20.5. The observed region covered an area of . The Zeiss blink comparator from the Heidelberg Observatory was adapted to perform blink comparison of the plates. This resulted in the discovery of a large number of asteroids; typically 200–400 per plate. A subset of these objects had sufficient data to allow orbital elements to be computed. The mean error in their positions was as small as 0.6″, which corresponded to 0.009 mm on the plates. The resulting mean error in magnitude estimation was 0.19.
Analysis of the data showed gaps at 1:3 and 2:5 orbital resonances with Jupiter. Asteroids belonging to the Hungaria, Hilda and Trojan groups were identified. The survey discovered five new asteroid families. A small extension of the survey was reported in 1984, adding 170 new objects for a combined total of 2,403. A Palomar–Leiden Trojan survey was performed in 1977, resulting in the discovery of 26 Trojan asteroids.

</doc>
<doc id="30954282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954282" title="2010 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Wheelchair Singles">
2010 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Wheelchair Singles

Robin Ammerlaan was the defending champion, but he lost in the first round to Stefan Olsson, who lost in the semi finals to the winner of the tournament Stephane Houdet. Houdet beat Ronald Vink in straight sets for the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30954287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954287" title="Symbol (film)">
Symbol (film)

Symbol is a 2009 Japanese film directed by and starring Hitoshi Matsumoto. It was nominated for the Asian Film Awards in the categories of Best Actor and Best Visual Effects. It has not received a U.S. release.
The film was greeted negatively by Japanese audiences; however, it received a surprisingly warmer reaction in the West, despite not being commercialized outside of Japan.
Story.
The film contains two major story lines. The first takes place in Mexico and centers around a masked wrestler called Escargot Man and his family as they prepare for a match that night. His family worries for him since the luchador is growing older and his slated opponent is stronger and younger than him. Nevertheless, his son and father are excited to see the match. These portions of the film are realistic, with dialogue in Spanish.
In the second, more surreal storyline, a Japanese man wakes up in an empty white room with no apparent ceiling from which he struggles to escape. The two story lines eventually indirectly converge.

</doc>
<doc id="30954299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954299" title="Lament of Edward II">
Lament of Edward II

The "Lament of Edward II", "En tenps de iver me survynt damage" (sic), is traditionally credited to Edward II of England, and thought to have been written during his imprisonment shortly after he was deposed by his wife Isabella in January 1327. Not all readers are convinced of the royal attribution of its authorship. The poem, in fifteen stanzas, bears the heading "De Le Roi Edward, le Fiz Roi Edward, Le Chanson Qe Il Fist Mesmes" ("Of the King Edward, son of King Edward, the Song that He Made himself"). It was a "chanson", and was likely to be sung to an existing tune. In each stanza two rhymes alternate, in approximately octosyllabic lines. The text survives in a manuscript on vellum at Longleat, bound into a volume titled "Tractatus varii Theologici saec. XIII et XIV" (76v and 77r), causing it to be overlooked; and in a manuscript in the Royal Library. It was identified by Paul Studer and first published by him with a short literary introduction and an English translation in 1921.
"The tone of the poem, the line of arguments, the touches of deep personal feeling unmistakably stamp the work as genuine," Studer concluded. "The king's song is a rare and valuable specimen of Anglo-Norman lyric poetry." The poet uses the poetical conventions of Provençal love poetry to lament his fall, the loss of his queen and his kingdom. In the Provençal tradition of the "canso", he commences by invoking the (winter) season and ends with an "envoi". Nevertheless, the poem compares favourably with contemporary poems of Northern France, Studer concludes: "It is free from their mannerism and artifice, and possesses a directness of speech and an accent of deep sincerity which they seldom exhibit."
A garbled account of this "lamentable complaynt" from manuscripts that he had seen, "with many other of the same makynge" was given by Robert Fabyan (died 1513), who rendered six lines of the incipit in Latin and offered his own flowery and pedantic variant in English. No other poems by Edward survive.

</doc>
<doc id="30954333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954333" title="Jubiläum">
Jubiläum

Jubiläum (Jubilee) is an orchestral composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, work-number 45 in the composer’s catalogue of works.
History.
"Jubiläum" is a relatively short work of about 15 minutes duration, written in 1977 on commission for the 125th-anniversary celebration of the Hannover Opera House, and has therefore been called Stockhausen’s "Operatic Festival Overture" (Griffiths 1980). It was premiered on 10 October 1977 by the Regional Orchestra of Lower Saxony, conducted by George Albrecht. In February 1980 Stockhausen revised the score, and this version was first performed on 9 May 1980 at the Royal Festival Hall, London, by the Philharmonia Orchestra conducted by Andrew Davis (Kurtz 1992, 208–209; Stockhausen 1989, 126). The score is dedicated to Péter Eötvös.
Character of the work.
In "Jubiläum", Stockhausen composed an orchestral sound event with superimposed layers of different speeds, degrees of noise, degrees of indeterminacy and integration, and simultaneous transitions from ordered to disordered and back (Maconie 2005, 390). The work is built upon a formula, announced at the beginning as a massive hymn-like chant in the brass and low strings. The harmonic language of "Jubiläum" is reminiscent of the music of Stockhausen’s teacher Olivier Messiaen, and the dramatic use of space recalls Hector Berlioz. The formula is presented mainly in a series of dense textures overlaid with shimmering glissandos and rapid melodic figurations, in a "mix of majestic confidence and restless activity" that produces a quality of "breathtaking splendour that is Stockhausen's alone" (Griffiths 1980).
The formula of "Jubiläum" is in the guise of a chorale with a melody containing 15 pitches grouped into five segments of 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 tones: 
C + F F + G D A + C B A E + G E B D G.
The five segments have durations of 2, 3 (1 + 2), 6 (3 + 1 + 2), 10 (2 + 4 +1 + 3), and 15 (4 + 1 + 2 + 3 + 5) crotchets, and each is followed by a "coloured silence" of 2, 3, 4, 6, and 9 crotchets. These colourations are made in the lower instruments (horns, violas, cellos) by overtone glissandos, in the middle register by natural-harmonic glissandos in the violins, and in the highest register by arpeggios on five triangles and a set of glass chimes (Stockhausen 1989, 127).
Each note of this melody is accompanied by a chord, and these chords fluctuate in density between two and five notes according to a serial distribution: 2 3 4 5 5 4 3 2 3 4 5 5 4 3 2 notes per chord. These chords collectively form a harmonic double "wave", whose chord densities rise and fall twice. At the same time, a single wave of level of dissonance first increases from a unison at the beginning to a minor ninth in the middle, and then decreases back to perfect consonances (octave and perfect fifth) at the end (Stockhausen 1989, 126–27).
Form.
There are four superimposed instrumental layers corresponding to different musical processes. Each layer is effectively a melodic "loop" of fifteen notes, constantly repeating but transformed in pitch and speed (Maconie 2005, 391).
The orchestra is arranged on the platform according to register, with the deepest instruments at the left, progressing across the stage to the highest instruments on the right—analogous to a piano keyboard (Maconie 2005, 390). A tenor layer (trumpets, horns, violas, and cellos) begins with a slow statement of the formula, and then the players begin repeating the formula independent of one another, gradually increasing speed until the fifteen notes of the formula compress into a "whirling band of sound" (Stockhausen 1978, 343; Stockhausen 1989, 128).
A mezzo-soprano group (flutes, clarinets, and violins) plays the formula a perfect eleventh higher. This layer begins with the instruments playing independently and very fast, gradually slowing down and becoming synchronised at the middle, then accelerating and becoming independent again at the end. A very high group, recalling the "star-sound" colouring of Stockhausen's "Formel", consisting of glockenspiels, piano (treble only, with sustaining pedal), and celesta, plays the formula two octaves and a major seventh higher than the bass group, and begins like the middle-register group, playing fast and independent of one another. They also slow down and begin to differentiate the rhythmic values of the formula, but do this more gradually than the middle-register group, achieving the slowest tempo only near the end, concluding with a synchronised statement of the formula in its slowest tempo, lasting about two minutes. These three layers unfold a combined shape in which the slow chorale is presented on successively higher steps (Stockhausen 1989, 128–29; Maconie 2005, 390).
The fourth, lowest instrumental group (bell plates, bassoons, and double basses) plays the formula seven times as a ground bass, synchronised each time to one of the other three groups:
The low brass break through the musical fabric with a statement of the formula from the back of the hall (or from a projecting balcony at the back or at one side) a little more than three minutes from the beginning, and the four oboes similarly play from offstage about nine-and-a-half minutes through the piece. The composer calls these events "sound windows" (Stockhausen 1978, 344). All four instrumental groups conclude the work with a synchronous formula statement, nearly four times the speed of the slowest tempo, to end in a "festive, brilliant, and confident" mode (Stockhausen 1989, 129).
These elements combine to produce a symmetrical form of nine sections plus the concluding (tenth) statement (Stockhausen 1989, 127):
In the revised version of 1980, one after another six solo instruments step forth from the orchestra, starting in the second stage with the first horn. In the fourth stage (just after the first window), a cumulation begins, first with a duet, then a trio, quartet, quintet, and finally a sextet, linking the polyphonic layers through all the registers and horizontalising their harmonies into concise melodic and rhythmic figures.
Like the rest of the orchestra, these instruments are distinctly separated in space (Stockhausen 1989, 129). Whereas the first version of the score relied solely on acoustical means to achieve dynamic balance, amplification became a requirement for performance after the addition of the soloists in the revised version (Maconie 2005, 393).
Instrumentation.
Strings are doubled either as 8-8-8-6-6 or 10-10-8-6-6.

</doc>
<doc id="30954342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954342" title="Peter Rheinstein">
Peter Rheinstein

Peter Howard Rheinstein (born September 7, 1943) is an American physician, lawyer, author, and administrator (both private and governmental). He was an official of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 1974-1999.
Education.
Rheinstein received a B.A. with high honors from Michigan State University in 1963, an M.S. in mathematics from Michigan State University in 1964, an M.D. from Johns Hopkins University in 1967, and a J.D. from the University of Maryland School of Law in 1973. At Michigan State University Rheinstein was noted for his facility in mathematics.
Food and Drug Administration.
Rheinstein was director of the Drug Advertising and Labeling Division, Food and Drug Administration, Rockville, 1974-1982; he was acting deputy director Office of Drugs, 1982–83, acting director Office of Drugs; 1983–84, director Office of Drug Standards, 1984–90, director medicine staff Office Health Affairs, 1990-99. While at FDA Rheinstein developed precedents for Food and Drug Administration regulation of prescription drug promotion, initiated FDA’s first patient medication information program; implemented the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, and authored medication goals for Healthy People 2000 and 2010.
Later career.
From 1999 – 2004, Rheinstein was senior vice president for medical and clinical affairs, Cell Works, Inc., Baltimore. Among other projects, Cell Works wanted to develop a blood test for anthrax, similar to a system for cancer cells it produced. "It's something that companies like ours can incorporate into our diagnostic technology," Rheinstein told the Washington Times. Biodefense projects "create new technologies, the spin-offs of which can be commercialized into some pretty good things." In 2000 Rheinstein became president of Severn Health Solutions in Severna Park, Maryland. In 2010 Rheinstein was named president of the Academy of Physicians in Clinical Research and in 2011 was named chairman of the American Board of Legal Medicine. Rheinstein was named chairman of the United States Adopted Names Council in 2012. Rheinstein is a member of Phi Kappa Phi, and vice-president of the Intercultural Friends Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="30954347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954347" title="1995 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay">
1995 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay

These are the results of the men's 4 × 400 metres relay event at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Results.
Heats.
Qualification: First 2 of each heat (Q) plus the 2 fastest times (q) advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30954359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954359" title="Tyler August">
Tyler August

Tyler August (January 26, 1983) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Wisconsin in 1983, August attended the University of Wisconsin. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. Previously, he was the former chief of staff to Rep. Thomas Lothian.

</doc>
<doc id="30954363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954363" title="Parkview Mountain">
Parkview Mountain

Parkview Mountain, elevation , is the highest summit of the Rabbit Ears Range in northern Colorado. The mountain is on the Continental Divide in Routt National Forest about southwest of Willow Creek Pass.
From the summit a climber can see both Middle Park to the south and North Park to the North, hence the name of the Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="30954394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954394" title="Fleming Island (Saskatchewan)">
Fleming Island (Saskatchewan)

Fleming Island is a small island in Northern Saskatchewan, Canada; surrounded by Cree Lake. 
In 2008, Titan Uranium conducted exploration drilling on the island looking for Uranium building on earlier exploration activities conducted by other mining companies on the island. 

</doc>
<doc id="30954406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954406" title="Stratford Tony">
Stratford Tony

Stratford Tony, also spelt Stratford Toney, formerly known as Stratford St Anthony and Toney Stratford, is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England. It lies on the River Ebble and its nearest town is the city of Salisbury, about away to the north east.
St Mary & St Lawrence's Church, Stratford Tony, has been designated a Grade I listed building and is now in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Its parish registers survive in the Wiltshire and Swindon History Centre for Christenings, 1605-1985, Marriages, 1562-1983, and Burials, 1562-1988.
"The National Gazetteer" (1868) said of the parish:
The Impressionist painter Wilfrid de Glehn lived at the village's manor house from 1942 until his death in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="30954417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954417" title="Typist (disambiguation)">
Typist (disambiguation)

In Skills and Occupations
Other

</doc>
<doc id="30954425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954425" title="Twin Beds">
Twin Beds

Twin Beds may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30954464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954464" title="Ernest Alexander Cruikshank">
Ernest Alexander Cruikshank

Ernest Alexander "E. A." Cruikshank (29 June 1853 – 23 June 1939), was a Canadian Brigadier General, a historian who specialized in military history and the first Chairman of the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada.
Early life.
Cruikshank was born in Bertie Township, Ontario in 1853, and was educated at St. Thomas Grammar School and Upper Canada College. He worked as a journalist and translator in the United States, before returning to Canada where he served as Reeve of Fort Erie and Warden of Welland County.
Military career.
Cruikshank enlisted in the 44th Welland Battalion as an ensign in 1877, becoming Lieutenant Colonel of the regiment in 1899. While serving, he wrote a number of books on the history of Ontario, particularly its military history, and in 1908 he was seconded to the Public Archives of Canada as keeper of military documents. He resigned from the Archives in 1911 to become a Colonel on the permanent staff of the active militia. Rising to the rank of Brigadier-General in 1915, he commanded Military District 13, which was headquartered in Calgary, Alberta. In 1917, Cruikshank was assigned to the Western Front in France.
At the end of the First World War, Cruikshank was assigned to Ottawa where he was appointed Director of the Historical Section of the General Staff. He retired as a Brigadier-General in 1921.
Historian.
In 1919, Cruikshank was among the first group of appointees to the Historic Sites and Monuments Board, a new body charged with the task of making recommendations in respect of National Historic Sites of Canada. At the first meeting of the HSMB, Cruikshank was elected Chairman, a role he served until his death in 1939.
Cruikshank was a prolific writer. Among his most notable writings were: "The Story of Butler's Rangers and the Settlement of Niagara" (1893), "A memoir of Colonel the Honourable James Kerby" (1931), "The Settlement of the United Empire Loyalists on the Upper St. Lawrence and Bay of Quinte in 1784" (1934), "The Life of Sir Henry Morgan" (1935), "The Political Adventures of John Henry: The Record of an International Imbroglio" (1936) and the edited volumes of the papers of John Graves Simcoe.
He was a member of the Royal Society of Canada and a President of the Ontario Historical Society. He died at Ottawa.
Honours.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada (F.R.S.C.) in 1905 and was awarded the J. B. Tyrrell Historical Medal for historical research in 1935. Cruikshank is commemorated with a HSMB plaque in the city of Welland, Ontario and an Ontario Heritage Trust plaque in Ottawa. The plaque in Ottawa is located on the grounds of the former Canadian War Museum building and reads: "A noted authority on the history of Ontario, Cruikshank became the first director of the Historical Section of the Adjutant-General's Branch of the General Staff in 1918. From 1919 until his death, he served as the first chairman of the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada."
Cruikshank was named a Person of National Historic Significance in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="30954483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954483" title="Nuestra Belleza Baja California">
Nuestra Belleza Baja California

Nuestra Belleza Baja California is a pageant in Baja California, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2000, there was no state representative.
The state organization has produced one Nuestra Belleza Mundo México titleholder in 2003 with Yessica Ramírez, she being the first and only woman from her state to win a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Nuestra Belleza Baja California is located at number 12 with a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Baja California, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
1Nadia Ramos originally she was going to compete in 2007 but had to leave the competition due to a family emergency and given the opportunity to participate in 2008.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Baja California contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México. Some have placed higher than the actual State winners.
1Nadia Ramos originally she was going to compete in 2007 but had to leave the competition due to a family emergency and given the opportunity to participate in 2008.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="30954485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954485" title="H-E-B Mexico">
H-E-B Mexico

H-E-B, a grocery company based in San Antonio, Texas, USA, operates 41 stores in México. It competes mainly with Soriana, Walmart México, S-Mart, Chedraui and Casa Ley.
In 1997, it opened the first store in Monterrey. By the end of 1999, the company was operating six stores in Mexico—five in Monterrey and one in Saltillo, one of the stores operated under the name EconoMax, and was similar to the H-E-B Pantry stores H-E-B caters to local by offering mostly Mexican-made products. The company reports it will open 5 new stores in Mexico in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30954525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954525" title="84th Radar Evaluation Squadron">
84th Radar Evaluation Squadron

The 84th Radar Evaluation Squadron is a component of the 505th Operations Group, 505th Command and Control Wing, Air Combat Command, stationed at Hurlburt Field, Florida. The squadron provides the Warfighter responsive worldwide radar-centric planning, optimization, and constant evaluation to create the most sensitive integrated radar picture.
Overview.
The 84 RADES provides expert assistance to multiple government entities: from radar coverage studies to crucial assistance for search and rescue coordination centers. It insures that tactical and strategic air defense ground radars, C2 systems, and electronic resources are installed, maintained, and operated in a high state of readiness to provide a quick reaction to the threat of both limited and general wars. 
The squadron also regularly provides assistance to the USAF Safety Center, US Navy Safety Center, and National Transportation Safety Board. The Radar Data Interface System (RDIS), designed and built by 84 RADES engineers and present at all Air Defense Sectors and Alaska, drives our Event Analysis (EA) process. EA is a post-event investigation of aerial mishaps that has provided a unique and sometimes crucial perspective on a high number of military and civilian aircraft incidents.
History.
The squadron was activated by Air Defense Command (ADC) in 1952 as the provisional 4754th Radar Evaluation Electronics Counter-Countermeasure Flight, assigned to the Western Air Defense Force (WADF) at Hamilton AFB, California. The mission was to provide Electronic Counter-Measure (ECM) training and evaluation services to the various Aircraft Control and Warning Squadrons of WADF. 
In order to provide the necessary training for WADF, the 4754th was assigned six B-29 Superfortresses, three B-25 Mitchells, and one C-47. The B-29s and B-25s contained an assortment of jamming devices to provide the required ECM and the C-47 was used as a support aircraft to ferry personnel and equipment. During the period that the 4754th operated these aircraft, they provided the operators of the WADF with thousands of hours of ECM training. By 1958, the size of the unit was increased to 59 officers and 206 airmen – a growth of 58% in four years. Effective 8 July 1958, the ADC re-designated the unit as the 4754th Radar Evaluation Squadron (ECM).
By 1959 the World War II aircraft were very expensive to operate, needing excessive amounts of maintenance to remain airworthy and not supportable due to a lack of spare parts. The squadron's aircraft were retired and the squadron was moved to Hill AFB, Utah. The unit was given sole responsibility for providing evaluation services to all AC&W type radars and radar systems throughout North America. The squadron was initially placed under Central Air Defense Force (CADF), but transferred shortly afterward to ADC’s 29th Air Division in 1960 and then the 28th Air Division in 1961 as a result of ADC reorganizations.
For the next 14 years, the unit evaluated all long-range air defense radar facilities, standardized evaluation processes, and developed new evaluation technologies. During this time, the command of the squadron was transferred to ADC's 4th Air Force in 1966 and to ADCOM Headquarters in 1969. The unit’s exemplary performance was noted in 1968 when it received its first of 21 Outstanding Unit Awards. 
By 1975, the unit had been given the responsibility for Pacific (PACAF) and European (USAFE) radars, making it the only ground based radar evaluation unit in the Department of Defense. 
In 1979 as part of the inactivation of Aerospace Defense Command, the unit was re-designated the 1954th Radar Evaluation Squadron, and was transferred to the Air Force Communications Command, then headquarterd at Richards-Gebaur Air Force Base, Missouri. 
The squadron was designated 84th Radar Evaluation Squadron in 1987 and was transferred to Tactical Air Command, and in 1992 it became part of the newly formed Air Combat Command, following TAC’s inactivation. 
The RADES maintained its alignment under the USAF Warfare Center until 1993, when they became part of the 505th Command and Control Evaluation Group. In July 1998, the unit became a charter member of the newly formed Air Combat Command Communications Group, based at Langley AFB, VA. Finally, in October 2005, the 84th RADES returned to the USAF Warfare Center, under the 505th Command and Control Wing and 505th Operations Group based in Hurlburt Field, Florida.
External links.
84 RADES Official Fact Sheet with Contact Information

</doc>
<doc id="30954531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954531" title="Edward Salisbury Field">
Edward Salisbury Field

Edward "Ned" Salisbury Field (February 28, 1878 – September 20, 1936) was an American author, playwright, artist, poet, and journalist. He was born in Indianapolis, Indiana to Edward Salisbury and Sarah Mills Hubbard Field. He was the husband of Isobel Osbourne (step-daughter of Robert Louis Stevenson) and step-father of playwright Austin Strong (Isobel's son from a former marriage).
Field was an employee and friend of William Randolf Hearst where he made drawings for Hearst newspapers, signing his drawings "Childe Harold". As a young news man in his 20s, Field became the secretary, protégé and possibly lover of Fanny Stevenson (who was 38 years older), after the death of her husband Robert Louis Stevenson. After Fanny's death in 1914, Field married her daughter Isobel Osbourne, who was 20 years his senior. Field became a successful Southern California real estate developer. In the 1920s oil was discovered on some of his property which made them wealthy. In 1926 Field purchased Zaca Lake and surrounding land on Figueroa Mountain near Los Olivos, California. His wife Isobel built an artists studio there and the Field home became a popular meeting place for writers and actors.
Field's best known works were the film scripts for "Wedding Bells" (based on a play) and "Twin Beds" (based on a novel). The screwball comedy novel "Twin Beds" (1913) was filmed four times; as "Twin Beds" in 1920 starring Carter and Flora Parker DeHaven; "Twin Beds" in 1929 starring Jack Mulhall; as "The Life of the Party" in 1934; and as "Twin Beds" in 1942 with George Brent and Joan Bennett. It was also adapted to stage co-written with Margaret Mayo.
Field died September 20, 1936, at Zaca Lake. He was 58 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="30954538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954538" title="Government of Hugo Banzer Suárez, 1971–78">
Government of Hugo Banzer Suárez, 1971–78

General Hugo Banzer Suárez had taken the Presidency 21 August 1971, and formed his cabinet.
(*) 03.10.1972 – 14.02.1974 Agriculture
mil – military
ind – independent
FSB – Bolivian Socialist Falange
MNR – Revolutionary Nationalist Movement
FRB – Barrientista Revolutionary Force

</doc>
<doc id="30954566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954566" title="Fred de Graaf">
Fred de Graaf

Godefridus Jan "Fred" de Graaf (born February 28, 1950) is a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He is a Member of the Senate since June 10, 2003.
He previously served as Mayor of Apeldoorn from February 16, 1999 until October 1, 2011, and as the Parliamentary leader of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy in the Senate from October 14, 2010 until February 15, 2011 and as the President of the Senate of the Netherlands from 
June 28, 2011 until his resignation on June 18, 2013. He was as a member of the municipal council of Voorschoten from 1978 to 1981. Afterwards he served as Mayor of Leersum, from June 16, 1981 until January 16, 1989 when he became Mayor of Vught, serving until February 16, 1999 when he became Mayor of Apeldoorn, serving until his resignation on October 1, 2011 when after the Dutch Senate election of 2011, the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy won the most seats and De Graaf was selected as next President of the Senate of the Netherlands. De Graaf announced his resignation as President of the Senate of the Netherlands following criticism on his neutrality, he remained in office until Ankie Broekers-Knol was elected as successor.

</doc>
<doc id="30954568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954568" title="Hagues Peak">
Hagues Peak

Hagues Peak, elevation , is the highest summit of the Mummy Range of Rocky Mountain National Park in northern Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="30954578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954578" title="2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca – Doubles">
2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca – Doubles

Guillermo Alcaide and Adrián Menéndez won the title, defeating Leonardo Tavares and Simone Vagnozzi 6–2, 6–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30954587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954587" title="Second-language acquisition classroom research">
Second-language acquisition classroom research

Second-language acquisition classroom research is an area of research in second-language acquisition concerned with how people learn languages in educational settings. There is a significant overlap between classroom research and language education. Classroom research is empirical, basing its findings on data and statistics wherever possible. It is also more concerned with what the learners do in the classroom than with what the teacher does. Where language teaching methods may only concentrate on the activities the teacher plans for the class, classroom research concentrates on the effect the things the teacher does has on the students.
Evaluating teaching practices.
Efforts have been made to systematically measure or evaluate the effectiveness of language teaching practices in promoting second-language acquisition. Such studies have been undertaken for every level of language, from phonetics to pragmatics, and for almost every current teaching methodology. It is therefore impossible to summarize their findings here. However, some more general issues have been addressed.
Research has indicated that many traditional language-teaching techniques are extremely inefficient. One issue is the effectiveness of explicit teaching: can language teaching have a constructive effect "beyond" providing learners with enhanced input? Research on this at different levels of language has produced quite different results. Traditional areas of explicit teaching, such as phonology, grammar and vocabulary, have had decidedly mixed results. It is generally agreed that pedagogy restricted to teaching grammar rules and vocabulary lists does not give students the ability to use the L2 with accuracy and fluency. Rather, to become proficient in the L2, the learner must be given opportunities to use the L2 for communicative purposes, learning (as for example, through a teacher's corrective feedback) to attend to both meaning and formal accuracy.
Corrective feedback.
There is considerable promising research in the classroom on the impact of corrective feedback on L2 learners' use and acquisition of target language forms. The effectiveness of corrective feedback has been shown to vary depending on the technique used to make the correction, and the overall focus of the classroom, whether on formal accuracy or on communication of meaningful content. However, it appears that a learner's ability to focus on corrective feedback on grammatical features that do not affect meaning is considerably altered when the learner has low alphabetic literacy.
Action research.
There is considerable interest in supplementing published research with approaches that engage language teachers in action research on learner language in their own classrooms. As teachers become aware of the features of learner language produced by their students, they can refine their pedagogical intervention to maximize interlanguage development.
Horwitz summarises findings of SLA research, and applies to L2 teaching some principles of L2 acquisition honed from a vast body of relevant literature. Like Asher, Horwitz highlights the importance of naturalistic experience in L2, promoting listening and reading practice and stressing involvement in lifelike conversations. She explicitly suggests teaching practices based on these principles; ‘class time should be devoted to the development of listening and reading abilities’, and ‘[teachers should assess student interests and supply appropriate…materials’. The ‘audio-lingual’ teaching practices used in the present study are based on principles explicated by Asher and Horwitz; listening featured heavily, closely followed by reading and speaking practice. The vocabulary items taught were deemed relevant for all learners, regardless of age, and, according to Pfeffer, they are among the most commonly used nouns in everyday German language.
Pedagogical content knowledge.
Pedagogical content knowledge is understood as the “blending of content and pedagogy” that guides the organization, representation and adaptation of the material for all learners through instruction. This concept goes beyond the consideration of the content knowledge as isolated from the pedagogical knowledge teachers must possess to effectively cater to the needs of their students. In order to illustrate how pedagogical content knowledge operates in reference to a specific knowledge domain, we can turn to the field of second language teaching. In this field, pedagogical content knowledge can be considered a “developmental construct” initiated in pre-service teacher education programs and continued through in-service classroom experiences or “knowledge in action”. From this perspective, it is useful to look at the various components. Pedagogical knowledge refers to the different instructional approaches and techniques used to teach languages as well as the consideration of how the linguistic knowledge progresses and grows in complexity along the continuum of a curriculum (i.e., Schulman’s lateral curricular knowledge). This pedagogical knowledge also involves a growing understanding of content choice and pedagogy that views language learning as communication, performance in tasks, student-centered instruction, attention to accuracy and message. On the other hand, if we were to characterize the content knowledge in language teaching, we would be talking about the target language. What it entails for the second language teacher is not only the mastery of the target language but also “discipline-derived understandings from applied linguistics, SLA, psychology and curriculum development, among other areas, in a deeper examination of subject matter -language- as it becomes classroom content”. However, if we are to enhance the definition of the pedagogical content knowledge in second language teaching, we need to include aspects related to language knowledge for teaching by following Schulman’s dimension of “subject matter knowledge for teaching”. These aspects include language teachers’ use of effective ways to represent the various types of knowledge involved in learning a language that include but are not limited to syntax, semantics, pragmatics, and phonology. Besides it will require teachers to have a wide understanding of their language learners’ characteristics to be able to identify and explore the conceptions and misconceptions and, more importantly, “potential misunderstandings of subject area” these learners bring and/or develop in the learning situation. It also includes ways to help learners overcome these difficulties. For instance, Spanish speakers tend to omit subjects while learning a language with weak nominal features such as English, due to the fact that Spanish is predominantly a null subject language. Therefore, this may turn into a source of overgeneralization while these learners learn the target language. The two main aspects of pedagogical content knowledge presented here correspond to the two domains defined by Ball, Thames and Phelps as knowledge of content and teaching as well as knowledge of content and students respectively. The consideration of all these components constitutes the pedagogical content knowledge language teachers need to possess to become effective practitioners.
Time required.
A 1999 study of 50 years of second-language education at the United States Department of State's Foreign Service Institute found that adult native speakers of English required 24 weeks or 600 classroom hours to achieve general proficiency ("3" on the DLPT, or "Superior" rating on the ACTFL scale) in "Category I" closely cognate languages, such as French, Spanish, and Swedish. "Category II" languages such as Finnish, Russian, and Vietnamese required 44 weeks or 1,100 hours. The "Category III" languages Arabic, Chinese, Japanese, and Korean required 88 weeks with the second year in the language's country, or 2,200 hours.
E-Learning 2.0.
The term E-Learning 2.0 is a neologism for Computer Supported Collaborative Learning (CSCL) systems that came about during the emergence of Web 2.0. From an E-Learning 2.0 perspective, conventional e-learning systems were based on instructional packets, which were delivered to students using assignments, and then evaluated by the teacher. In contrast, the new e-learning places increased emphasis on social learning and use of social software such as blogs, wikis and podcast.
This phenomenon has also been referred to as Long Tail Learning
See also 
E-Learning 2.0, by contrast to e-learning systems not based on CSCL, assumes that knowledge (as meaning and understanding) is socially constructed. Learning takes place through conversations about content and grounded interaction about problems and actions. Advocates of social learning claim that one of the best ways to learn something is to teach it to others.
In addition to virtual classroom environments, social networks have become an important part of E-learning 2.0. Social networks have been used to foster online learning communities around language education. Mobile Assisted Language Learning (MALL) is the use of handheld computers or cell phones to assist in language learning. Some feel, however, that schools have not caught up with the social networking trends. Few traditional educators promote social networking unless they are communicating with their own colleagues.
Use of technology to practice speaking.
Historically language learning in classrooms focused more on reading and writing than on speaking. The use of modern technology has made it more practical for second language learners to actually practice speaking. One approach is use a video-call technology such as skype to pair off two students who wish to learn each other's native language. One obvious advantage of using such technology is that there is no need for the two students to be georaphically close. Though if they are in very different time-zones, finding a suitable time can be a challenge.<br>
Another approach is to use speech recognition software. In the past the hardware costs alone were so high that this was not a viable option in public schooling. However in recent years as technology improved and prices fell, schools around the world introduced tablet computers to the classroom. And so the required computing power is already in the hands of an increasing number of children. One of the major advantages of using speech recognition software is that it can give feedback and so can be used to help improve pronunciation.

</doc>
<doc id="30954593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954593" title="I Wrote the Book">
I Wrote the Book

"I Wrote the Book" is a song performed by American recording artist Beth Ditto. Produced by James Ford and Jas Shaw of Simian Mobile Disco. The song was released in March 2011 as the first single from the "Beth Ditto EP" on Deconstruction Records.
Music video.
The music video for the song was uploaded to Ditto's official YouTube account on February 19, 2011, and contains several references to Madonna videos of the 1990s, such as Justify My Love, Vogue and Erotica.

</doc>
<doc id="30954595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954595" title="Giuseppe Motta (aviator)">
Giuseppe Motta (aviator)

Giuseppe Motta (died 1929) was an Italian World War I fighter pilot and seaplane air racer of the 1920s.
After World War I, Motta tested racing seaplanes for the Schneider Trophy race. He was killed during a test flight of the Macchi M.67 after having reached . This world record held until George Stainforth broke the barrier, on 29 September 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="30954596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954596" title="Rising Moon">
Rising Moon

Rising Moon is a 2005 Nigerian drama film directed by Andy Nwakalor and starring Onyeka Onwenu. The film received 12 nominations and won 6 awards at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2006, including the awards for "Best Picture", "Best Visual Effect" and "Best Editing".

</doc>
<doc id="30954603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954603" title="Peter Bischoff">
Peter Bischoff

Peter Bischoff (1904 – 1976) was a German competitive sailor and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in the Star class at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, together with Hans-Joachim Weise.

</doc>
<doc id="30954612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954612" title="Ispatinow Island">
Ispatinow Island

Ispatinow Island is an island in Northern Saskatchewan, Canada; the largest island on Cree Lake. The Cree Lake (Crystal Lodge) Airport is located on the island and served by Cree Lake Air; primarily supporting Crystal Lodge, a seasonal fly-in lodge located on the island. 

</doc>
<doc id="30954632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954632" title="Minuscule 831 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 831 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 831 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε117 (von Soden), is an 11th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript is lacunose.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Luke (19:25-25:53) and Gospel of John, on 69 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 23 lines per page.
The original codex contained text of the four Gospels.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), and according to the smaller Ammonian Sections. The numbers of the are given at the left margin, but there are not ("titles") at the top of the pages. The numbers of the Ammonian Sections are given at the margin, but there are no references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the table of the ("table of contents") before Gospel of John, lectionary markings at the margin (for church reading), incipits, and subscriptions at the end of each Gospels.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 20. In Luke 1 and Luke 10 the manuscript is defective, and textual profile in these chapters is not possible.
The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is placed at the end of the Gospel of John.
History.
C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 11th century, Scrivener to the 12th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 11th century.
The manuscript was examined and described by Antonio Rocci in 1882. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (629) and Gregory (831e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Biblioteca della Badia (A' α. 17), in Grottaferrata.

</doc>
<doc id="30954634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954634" title="Hans-Joachim Weise">
Hans-Joachim Weise

Hans-Joachim Weise (born 15 November 1912) is a German competitive sailor and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in the Star class at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, together with Peter Bischoff.

</doc>
<doc id="30954640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954640" title="Chris Kapenga">
Chris Kapenga

Chris Kapenga (February 19, 1972) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Kapenga graduated from Calvin College in 1994, with a degree in Accountancy. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. He is the co-owner of a business in Brookfield, called Integrated Time Systems. He currently serves as Vice Chair on the School Board at West Suburban Christian Academy, and as Co-director for the Financial Counseling Ministry at Elmbrook Church.

</doc>
<doc id="30954664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954664" title="Armstrong culture">
Armstrong culture

The Armstrong culture were a Hopewell group in the Big Sandy River Valley of Northeastern Kentucky and Western West Virginia from 1 to 500 CE.
Origins.
The Armstrong people are thought to have been a regional variant of the Hopewell tradition or a Hopewell influenced Middle Woodland group who had peacefully mingled with the local Adena peoples. Archaeologist Dr. Edward McMichael characterized them as an intrusive Hopewell-like trade culture or a vanguard of Hopewellian tradition that had probably peacefully absorbed the local Adena in the Kanawha River Valley. It is currently thought that their culture slowly evolved into the later Buck Garden people.
Material culture.
Ceramics.
The Armstrong people made clay pottery with a glazed yellow-orange color. Armstrong pottery finish was similar in color to the Peters Cordmarked and Peters Plain ceramics of late western Ohio Hopewell, an oxidized color. "Peters Cordmarked" is related to "McGraw Cordmarked" of that phase of classic Ohio Hopewell (c. 50 CE) and is considered to be a lineal descendant from that type.
Architecture.
Armstrong peoples primarily focused their human resources was on long distance trade rather than mass building. Their villages were scattered over a large area and consisted of small round houses. Another feature of their culture was the practice of cremation and the building of small burial mounds in the Big Sandy Valley. They made small flaked knives and corner notched points from Vanport chert from the greater Muskingum River valley area. This period does see the enlarging of the large conical mounds by accretion cremating their dead, depositing their remains in the mounds and then adding new players of earth over them.
Agriculture.
Their limited agricultural staples were comparable to the previous Adena peoples, with most of its emphasis on vining crops like the climbing string bean, pumpkins (a winter squash) along with some of the earlier summer squashes. They also grew native cereal grasses, tubers, bulbs and gourds. Maize, although a staple to many later groups of Native Americans in the area, would not reach this area for many centuries after the Armstrong peoples.

</doc>
<doc id="30954804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954804" title="Ton Elias">
Ton Elias

Ton Maarten Christofoor Elias (born March 14, 1955 in The Hague) is a Dutch politician and former journalist. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he has been an MP since December 18, 2008. He focuses on matters of education and the Dutch House of Representatives. 

</doc>
<doc id="30954829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954829" title="San Diego National Wildlife Refuge Complex">
San Diego National Wildlife Refuge Complex

The San Diego National Wildlife Refuge Complex is a series of wildlife refuges established by the United States National Wildlife Service beginning in 1972. The complex incorporates five refuges in San Diego County and Orange County in California.
History.
The first refuges were established to preserve and protect the rare birds of Southern California's coastal marshes. In the mid-1990s, the system was expanded to protect larger areas of coastal and inland open space under the Multiple Species Conservation Program, a cooperative project involving city, state, and federal authorities. The wildlife refuge complex now supports a diverse array of habitats including coastal marshes and uplands, chaparral, coastal sage scrub, oak woodland, freshwater marsh, vernal pool areas, and breeding and nesting grounds for migratory and resident birds.
Seal Beach National Wildlife Refuge.
This refuge is located on the grounds of the Seal Beach Naval Weapons Station in Orange County. It includes 965 acres of saltwater marsh in the Anaheim Bay estuary. It was established in 1972 for the benefit of migrating birds up and down the Pacific Flyway as well as a variety of local birds, fish, and plants. Public access is limited to once-a-month guided tours.
San Diego National Wildlife Refuge.
This is an inland refuge in San Diego's back country. Habitats include coastal sage scrub and chaparral to oak woodland and freshwater marsh. It is part of the Multiple Species Conservation Program and includes 44,000 acres.
San Diego Bay National Wildlife Refuge.
This area was dedicated in 1999 and includes 3,940 acres. It includes intertidal salt marsh and submerged areas with eelgrass beds. It is the largest remaining contiguous mudflat in southern California and is an important stop for migrating birds on the Pacific Flyway. The area has walking and biking paths as well as vantage points for bird watching. It includes some former salt evaporation ponds which the wildlife service is trying to turn back into natural wetland. The state Wildlife Conservation Board contributed a grant in 2010 to try to restore 65 acres of highly damaged habitat in the refuge.
San Diego Bay Sweetwater Marsh.
The Sweetwater Marsh area comprises 316 acres of salt marsh estuary where the Sweetwater River enters San Diego Bay. It was established in 1996. 
Some highly endangered species have been seen returning to the marsh since its establishment as a refuge.
The Living Coast Discovery Center is located at the Marsh. Formerly known as the Chula Vista Nature Center, the independent Living Coast Discovery Center is dedicated to providing environmental education on coastal resource conservation. Exhibits include many aquariums and displays of local marine life and reptiles, a sea turtle lagoon, outdoor aviaries of rescued birds, a shark and ray exhibit, and hiking trails. Guided hikes are available as well as educational programs for elementary school children. The center is located at the foot of E Avenue in Chula Vista, just west of Interstate 5.
Tijuana Slough National Wildlife Refuge.
The Tijuana Slough National Wildlife Refuge is a 1,051 acre wetland where the Tijuana River enters the Pacific Ocean. It is also part of the Tijuana River National Estuarine Research Reserve. It is the only coastal lagoon in California which does not have any roads or rail lines built across it. More than 370 species of birds have been recorded in the refuge and the adjacent Tijuana River valley. A visitor center is open to the public featuring educational programs and exhibits, four miles of trails, and a native plant garden.
Vernal pools.
Vernal pools are temporary pools that form for a few months during the wet season and are dry the rest of the year. They house some of the area's rarest animals, including the San Diego fairy shrimp and the Western spadefoot toad, which lie dormant under the ground during the dry season and emerge when the pools refill with water. Vernal pools are of special interest within the complex because they are so rare. It is estimated that only 3% of the area's original vernal pools remain.

</doc>
<doc id="30954845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954845" title="South African Class 9 4-6-2">
South African Class 9 4-6-2

The South African Class 9 4-6-2 of 1904 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.
In 1904 the Central South African Railways placed five Class 9 steam locomotives with a 4-6-2 Pacific type wheel arrangement in service. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered but retained their Class 9 classification.
Manufacturer.
Five Pacific type passenger locomotives, the first locomotives to be designed by P.A. Hyde, the first Chief Locomotive Superintendent of the Central South African Railways (CSAR), were ordered from the Vulcan Foundry of Newton-le-Willows in England and delivered in 1904, numbered in the range from 600 to 604. They had bar frames, used saturated steam and Stephenson valve gear and were designated as Class 9 by the CSAR.
Background.
Upon its establishment in 1902 at the end of the Anglo-Boer War, the CSAR inherited a variety of locomotive types from the Imperial Military Railways (IMR), which had been established by the British military during the war through the absorption of the separate state and other railways of the Zuid-Afrikaansche Republiek (ZAR) and the Oranje-Vrijstaat as possession was obtained of the territories of these two republics.
The largest of these constituent railways were the Nederlandsche-Zuid-Afrikaansche Spoorweg-Maatschappij (NZASM) that operated between Pretoria, capital of the ZAR, and Lourenço Marques, capital of the Portuguese colony of Moçambique. Smaller constituents were the Pretoria-Pietersburg Railway (PPR), the Selati Railway and the Oranje-Vrijstaat Gouwerment-Spoorwegen (OVGS).
Design.
Of the mixed amalgam of locomotives inherited from these railways, the best was probably the Cape Government Railways (CGR) designed Class 8 4-8-0, featuring a bar frame, narrow firebox and cylinders with overhead slide valves actuated by inside Stephenson valve gear.
Based on this Mastodon type locomotive, designated Class 8-L3 on the CSAR, Hyde designed a Pacific version that became the CSAR’s Class 9. At the same time he extrapolated this design to a 4-6-4 tank locomotive for heavy suburban trains that was also ordered in 1904 and which later became the South African Railways (SAR) Class F.
Renumbering.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act, enacted by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the Natal Government Railways and the CSAR, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the SAR came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
In 1912 these locomotives were renumbered in the range from 727 to 731 on the SAR, but retained their Class 9 classification.
Service.
The Class 9 was very useful for passenger work with moderate loads and worked the Durban-bound mail trains from Johannesburg as far as Charlestown on the Transvaal-Natal border for many years. Later they served mainly on mainline passenger working elsewhere in the Transvaal, ending their days working out of Pretoria on the Pietersburg line in the 1920s. They were withdrawn by 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="30954852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954852" title="Karsten Meyer">
Karsten Meyer

Karsten Meyer (born 5 November 1937) was a German competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Star class at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, together with Wilhelm Kuhweide.

</doc>
<doc id="30954863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954863" title="Rafael Pujals">
Rafael Pujals

Rafael Pujals Cárdenas (ca. 1830 - 1889) was a late 19th-century Puerto Rican physician practicing in Ponce, Puerto Rico, that excelled as a civic leader.
Physician.
Pujals Cárdenas was born in Humacao, Puerto Rico and graduated from the University of Barcelona, Spain. He was the first physician with a medical degree title in Ponce, becoming the first medical doctor on the staff at Hospital de Damas, where he worked without pay. He later became the first medical director of Hospital Tricoche.
In addition to his private medical practice, Dr. Pujals was also the physician for the famed Ponce Municipal Fire Corps in the last quarter of the 19th century.
Civic leader.
Pujals also excelled as a civic leader and on 30 June 1877, he became the first director of the reorganized Gabinete Ponceño de Lectura (Ponce Reading Cabinet), an early version of today's Ponce Public Library. In 1886 he was also one of the nine cosigners of "El Plan de Ponce" that Roman Baldorioty de Castro had championed seeking greater political autonomy for Puerto Rico. He was also an active participant at the Grito de Lares.
Death.
Pujals died in Ponce on 23 April 1889.
Legacy.
The government of Puerto Rico honored Dr. Pujals naming a school in Ponce after him. He is also recognized for his contributions in civic duty at the Ponce Park for the Illustrious Ponce Citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="30954866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954866" title="Pierre Mahé">
Pierre Mahé

Pierre Marie Mahé (1833 – 2 February 1913) was French stamp dealer who was acknowledged as one of the "Fathers of Philately" on the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists
Association with Philipp von Ferrary.
Mahé owned a succession of stamp shops in Paris at "Rue de Clichy", "Rue de Chateaudon" and "Rue de Cannettes". One of his customers was Philipp von Ferrary who later employed Mahé as his private secretary and custodian of his stamp collection at his mansion in "Rue de Varennes" from 1874 until Mahé died in 1913.
After Pierre's death, his son Edward M. Mahé took over the work. Pierre was also survived by a daughter.
Awards.
In 1907 at the Congres des Societes Savantes, Mahé was named an "Officer de l'Instruction Publique".
In 1910 he received the Lindenberg Medal.
The perforation gauge.
With Jacques Legrand he invented the perforation gauge.

</doc>
<doc id="30954880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954880" title="Nuestra Belleza Baja California 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Baja California 2010

Nuestra Belleza Baja California 2010, was held in Tijuana, Baja California on August 6, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Nancy Galaz of Tijuana was crowned the winner. Galaz was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Baja California titleholder, Ana Sofía García. Six contestants competed for the state title.
The pageant was hosted by Cristina Covarrubias and Luis Eduardo Cantua.

</doc>
<doc id="30954931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954931" title="Joachim Griese">
Joachim Griese

Joachim Griese (born 1952) is a German competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Star class at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, together with Michael Marcour.

</doc>
<doc id="30954942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954942" title="Southern California Steelhead DPS">
Southern California Steelhead DPS

The Southern California Steelhead Distinct Population Segment (DPS) occurs from the Santa Maria River to the Tijuana River at the United States and Mexican Border in seasonally accessible rivers and streams. Steelhead ("Oncorhynchus mykiss") in the Southern California Steelhead DPS, much like its relatives further north, requires sufficient flows in their natal streams to be able to return from oceans and lakes to spawn. Due to the extended periods of drought throughout their range, Southern California steelhead are most commonly seen during periods of increased rainfall, such as El Nino events. Declared federally endangered in 1997, the DPS was arbitrarily limited from the Santa Maria River south only to Malibu Creek until 2002 when steelhead were discovered in San Mateo Creek on the border of Orange and San Diego counties. With this discovery the DPS was extended to include Los Angeles, Orange, and San Diego counties.
Threats.
There are many threats to the survival of the Southern California Steelhead DPS. Principal threats include, but are not limited to, alteration of stream flow patterns and habitat degradation, barriers to fish passages, channel alterations, water quality problems, non-native exotic fish and plants and climate change. These threats pose a serious challenge to the persistence of Southern California Steelhead, and most threats are increasing in magnitude as human population grows in Southern California.
Adequate stream flow is important to Steelhead, for both returning fish as well as young fish migrating to the sea. Lowered stream flows can impede passage for fish in both directions, as fish are unable to breach sand bars that form at the mouths of rivers and streams during the summer months. Natural flows flush fine sediment and silt and provide for better spawning surfaces for the Southern California Steelhead. Higher flows also bring water to riparian areas, which rejuvenate vegetation that provides shade and habitat for spawning fish. This riparian habitat will also better regulate water temperatures. Anthropogenic structures such as dams also impede passage upstream.
Water quality is another problem that Southern California Steelhead face. Those fish that still have natal streams to return to often face degraded water quality. Steelhead eggs require clean flowing water to hatch. Sedimentation of streams from agricultural and urban runoff has the potential to smother eggs in a stream and greatly decrease the number of Steelhead surviving to return to the ocean. Urban runoff can funnel contaminants directly into streams. Runoff containing industrial or urban contaminants can directly cause fish mortality and decreased reproduction. Point and non-point pollution sources also have similar effects. Discharges can also cause thermal stress on the fish, or can increase favorable habitat for non-native exotic species, such as Largemouth bass, carp and catfish, all of which will prey on juvenile Steelhead and eggs. O. mykiss is used as an indicator species for water quality problems; therefor can be used to indicate problems in water quality.
Conservation.
There are many ways to preserve important steelhead habitat. Like all steelhead, Southern California steelhead require cool, clean water and appropriate aggregate for spawning. Water management will allow for low flow streams to provide adequate water for juveniles. Water removal is creating the problem of not leaving the minimum level of flows for fish in streams. Man-made barriers such as dams remove water from lower sections of streams and rivers as well as restrict migration upstream.
Development should be regulated near streams with plans in place for recharge of groundwater to ensure enough water to enhance survival of Steelhead during dry summer months and periods of prolonged drought. Working with local agencies and organizations such as Trout Unlimited has proved beneficial to bringing awareness to Steelhead and their preservation. Removal of invasive non-native vegetation will allow for native vegetation to better compete and provide habitat and services for degraded streams. Removal non-native fish species is another step that can be taken to improve habitat and successful spawning.
Introduced species such as Largemouth bass, sunfish, carp and catfish have been introduced into streams and native trout and are unable to compete with these voracious predators. Non-native exotics such as these are better adapted to poor water quality and are successful in streams that Southern California Steelhead occupy, increasing pressure on native trout and Steelhead species. Organizations such as TU, in partnership with California Department of Fish and Game, have begun removal and assessment of non-native fish in critical streams such as San Mateo Creek.
The lack of data is another potential threat. Further research is needed to fully understand this species do to small but important variations in their life histories. Southern California Steelhead depend on rain fed streams for their survival, as well as lagoon/estuary type systems that is typical for some Southern Steelhead. Spawning cycles are not fully understood, and many fish will not return to streams for over five years, while some will return after only one year in an attempt to successfully spawn. By fully understanding these fish, management plans can be more precisely developed.
Southern California Steelhead is a unique species found in places not many would expect to find. They have been able to survive in extremely harsh conditions and even change life history patterns when necessary. Anthropogenic impacts are the driving cause for this species status and their decreasing numbers, but with sound planning this species has the potential to survive. It is estimated that this species will be extinct in the next fifty years without immediate action, but what actions that must be taken is dependent on involvement of both state and local governments as well as the community.
Conservation Strategies.
Due to human impacts throughout its range, viable populations of Southern California steelhead have been greatly reduced, and recovery will be dependent on ensuring the success of these viable populations. Recovery will take place in the physically largest watersheds in Southern California such as the Ventura River, as well those watersheds, which may not be as large, that hold breeding populations such as San Mateo Creek. These populations will be the focus of recovery efforts, and by directing resources to these Steelhead, the entire Southern California DPS will better preserved as a whole. Recovery of Southern California Steelhead will require a broad range of objectives to be met. Viable populations must be protected as well as the restoration and protection of their habitat. NOAA has established six objectives for the recovery of Southern California Steelhead:
1. Prevent steelhead extinction by protecting existing populations and their habitats
2. Maintain current distribution of steelhead and restore distribution to previously occupied areas
3. Increase abundance of steelhead to viable population levels, including the expression of all life‐history forms and strategies
4. Conserve existing genetic diversity and provide opportunities for interchange of genetic material between and within viable populations
5. Maintain and restore suitable habitat conditions and characteristics to support all life history stages of viable populations
6. Conduct research and monitoring necessary to refine and demonstrate attainment of recovery criteria.
Meeting these objectives will have a significant impact of the future of Southern California Steelhead, and ensure successful breeding populations throughout its range.
Approximately 23 million people occupy Southern California, and recovery of this species will require the Southern California Steelhead to re-integrate into habitats modified by humans. The most viable method will be to focus on larger watersheds with larger populations of Southern California Steelhead.
Education of the public will be a key effort to recovery of this species. Public education as well as state and federal governments will need to be educated on its life history and role this species plays in the watersheds of California. Educating public landowners about best practices and methods to minimize their adverse effects on streams and rivers also will be important. State and local governments in planning and policy areas will also need to be educated in appropriate planning, such as preserving migration corridors and minimizing development along critical stream habitats. These actions can have positive effects on recovery of not only Southern California Steelhead, but on watersheds and habitat that many other species share as well. Coordination between agencies, such as the National Marine Fisheries Service student programs which recruits students to assist in issues such as this, as well as better communicating actions that can be taken at all levels of government and public organizations to better educate the public of this species and its life histories. This will allow for the public to be better informed as well as being able to provide information to government agencies on this species. 
Within many of the watersheds where Southern California Steelhead currently occupy as well as those that were historically occupied are barriers to passage to critical spawning habitats. These barriers consist of dams and the reduction of water flow from storage and withdrawal, which in itself lowers base flow and impedes Southern California Steelhead from reaching spawning habitat as well as impedes juvenile Steelhead from reaching the Pacific Ocean. These problems can be alleviated in many ways, but not all are feasible. Dam modification is a route that can be taken, in which fish ladders or diversions are provided to allow Steelhead to reach breeding areas, as well as other operations such as “trap and truck”, where Steelhead are collected and moved above barriers. Dam removal is also another option, although not always feasible.
Stream flow is another issue that faces successful reproduction as well as movement of Southern California Steelhead. Reservoirs and water pumping from groundwater and lakes can reduce the necessary stream flow required for all stages of the Steelheads life. Managing water use will be beneficial to these fish. There are many methods that can be employed to achieve this objective. One method would be timing the drawdown or recharge of groundwater during spawning season, which can allow a higher base flow for passage of adults and juveniles. Reducing the number of dams and diversion of water can also have positive effects on stream flows, and, by releasing more water from behind dams during times of upstream and downstream migration can improve the numbers of fish reaching spawning areas. Much of the potential freshwater habitat for Southern California Steelhead is highly fragmented and unsuitable within its range. Most streams and rivers are heavily impaired by development and are located in densely populated areas but still hold habitat that has high potential to sustain the species. Connectivity of these habitats could allow the Steelhead to repopulate these areas, and would require that these streams receive adequate water.
The large human population of Southern California also contributes pollutants to important streams and habitat. Water quality is directly impacted by a variety of sources, such as fine sediments and chemical pollutants. Sediment pollution inputs degrade stream bed quality by filling aggregate that Southern California Steelhead need for spawning. These fine sediments can be mitigated by restoring and maintaining streamside riparian buffers, which can reduce the amount of fine sediment deposited into the water, as well as reduce the amount of chemical pollutants entering the stream.
Native fish hatcheries can also have good outcomes for the Southern California Steelhead. By collecting adults and rearing the young in hatcheries, it is possible to safeguard the species from extinction. Anthropogenic degradation and natural events in the Steelheads range can pose serious problems this species. Wildfires that Southern California experiences on a regular basis can completely destroy what little habitat they have left, and can completely extirpate populations from streams, either by the fire itself or mudslides that occur due to burnt areas along streams. Hatcheries can also repopulate restored streams faster than natural recruitment as well as supplement populations during years of low productivity.

</doc>
<doc id="30954952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954952" title="Michael Marcour">
Michael Marcour

Michael Marcour (born 1959) is a German competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Star class at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, together with Joachim Griese.

</doc>
<doc id="30954981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954981" title="Simone B. Champagne">
Simone B. Champagne

Simone Becnel Champagne (born December 27, 1954) is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 49 (Iberia and Vermilion parishes) in south Louisiana. She resides in Jeanerette in Iberia Parish, where in 1971 she graduated from Jeanerette High School. Thereafter, she studied banking in continuing education programs.
House service.
From 2002 to 2007, Champagne was the chief administrative officer for the combined Iberia Parish and city of New Iberia government. She resigned to run for state representative and faced no opposition. The incumbent Democrat, later Independent, Troy Hebert, also of Jeanerette, vacated the seat because of term limits and instead was elected to the Louisiana State Senate. Champagne won her House race as a Democrat, but in July 2010, she switched party allegiance. Representative Champagne serves on the House committees on (1) Appropriations, (2) Municipal, Parochial and Cultural Affairs, (3) Natural Resources and Environment, (4) House Executive Committee, and (5) Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget. She is a member of the Acadiana delegation, the Legislative Women's Caucus, the Republican legislative delegation, and the Louisiana Rural Caucus. In 2009, Champagne was rated 100 percent by the Louisiana Right to Life Federation and the conservative Louisiana Family Forum and 65 percent by the trade association, the Louisiana Association of Business and Industry.
Special Senate election.
Early in 2011, Champagne ran in a special election for the state Senate but lost to a House colleague, Fred Henry Mills, Jr., a banker and pharmacist from St. Martin Parish. Mills also switched from Democrat-to-Republican in 2010. 
In a campaign statement for the Senate race, Champagne said: "Government spending and growth is the problem, it hinders our ability to grow our economy and small businesses. Now more than ever we need a true conservative in the State Senate, and that is why I decided to run for this important seat . . . If we want to create jobs we must get government out of the way. No more moratoriums, no more regulations and we can’t afford higher taxes. As a mother of five and grandmother of three, I’ve stretched a budget and done more with less. Shouldn’t our government do the same? . . . If we have learned anything in the past two years it is that we cannot afford to allow government to run rampant and continue the out-of-control spending. That is why I voted against the bloated Louisiana budget last year and supported legislation that allowed Louisiana to opt out of Barack Obama's costly health-care mandate."
Mills polled 12,812 votes in the special Senate election, or 60 percent of the total cast in the first round of balloting. Champagne finished second with 4,040 votes (19 percent). Champagne campaigned as a "Reagan Republican" and had the open support of Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Independent David Groner finished third with 2,534 votes (12 percent). The remaining ballots favored two other Republican candidates and a second Independent hopeful. No Democrats contested the position.
House reelection.
Champagne won reelection in the primary election held on October 22, 2011, having amassed more than two-thirds of the ballots cast over both Democratic and Republican opponents.

</doc>
<doc id="30954996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30954996" title="Cotula plumosa">
Cotula plumosa

Cotula plumosa is a small flowering plant in the daisy family, in a genus the members of which are often called buttonweeds. It is a circumantarctic species found on many subantarctic islands in the Southern Ocean. The specific epithet comes from the Latin for “feathery”, referring to the form of the leaves.
Description.
A highly variable species, "Cotula plumosa" is a perennial herb that forms extensive mats. Its creeping stems, growing up to 5 mm in diameter, have short, lateral branches with leaves in terminal rosettes. It flowers from November to March, and fruits from February to May.
Distribution and habitat.
The plant occurs in the Auckland, Antipodes, Campbell, Macquarie, Kerguelen, Prince Edward, Heard and Crozet Islands. It is widespread in coastal areas and rare inland, but has been recorded at altitudes of up to 150 m above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="30955007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955007" title="The Rising (memorial)">
The Rising (memorial)

The Rising is a memorial located in the Kensico Dam Plaza of Valhalla, Westchester County, New York, created by architect Frederic Schwartz. It stands against the backdrop of Kensico Dam, commemorating the September 11 attacks on America and remembering in a special way the men and women from Westchester County who were victims of those attacks.
Design.
The design for The Rising was unanimously chosen by the Westchester Family Victims and Survivors Group from among entries in an international design competition. The design process was "an exacting and intense collaborative effort of architects, engineers 3D computer specialists, sculptors, welders, government representatives, and members of the families" of the victims.
The memorial is dedicated to the victims of the 9-11 attacks from Westchester, and lists the names of residents who died as a result of those attacks, along with the names of the communities within the counties in which they lived. It also includes a quote about each one, engraved along the outside of the memorial's circular base, were chosen by the survivors in their families. From the base, 109 steel rods, one for each of the victims remembered by this memorial, extend like spokes of a wheel which then intertwine. A 110th rod was crafted for the memorial as well, but that rod was cut apart so that each portion could be presented to an individual who helped make this memorial possible.
Architect Frederic Schwartz has stated that the goal of his design was to create a memorial that "invites families and visitors to look back in memory of their loved ones and look forward as a community, and provides a place for prayer and reflection...The 109 intertwined strands (like DNA) rise 80 feet from the ground reaching upward to the heavens. The rods are bound together in a literal and symbolic gesture exemplifying the strength of the Westchester community and the families who lost loved ones."
Schwartz notes that the "reflective quality of the stainless steel" is designed to change according to the time and light of day, so that there is a "dynamic quality" to the structure, and in many ways the visitors themselves will become part of the structure as well. The goal, according to Schwartz, is that the memorial might provide "a gathering place and reaffirms the capacity of individuals as well as the Westchester community to renew and grow."
The victims.
109 Westchester residents are remembered through this memorial. The memorial also includes the names of ten additional victims who had been former residents of Westchester.
Dedication.
The memorial was dedicated on September 11, 2006, five years after the attacks. It included a recitation of all the names of the victims remembered by this memorial, music performed by the Mayor's Interfaith Community Choir of Mount Vernon, and a special performance of the song, "The Rising," created by Bruce Springsteen.
Awards.
The Faith and Form Journal (The Interfaith Journal on Religion, Art, and Architecture) recognized The Rising with its 2007 Faith and Form Sacred Landscape Award.

</doc>
<doc id="30955019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955019" title="The Twisted Whiskers Show">
The Twisted Whiskers Show

The Twisted Whiskers Show is an American computer-animated comedy series based on the Twisted Whiskers greeting cards created by Terrill Bohlar. It began airing as the first program of the Hasbro/Discovery TV network, Hub Network (formerly Discovery Kids) on October 10, 2010. 26 half hour episodes of the CG series were produced by DQ Entertainment, MoonScoop Group and Mike Young Productions and distributed by Taffy Entertainment. The series is rated TV-G.

</doc>
<doc id="30955049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955049" title="Humble Gods (album)">
Humble Gods (album)

Humble Gods is the debut album of the punk rock band Humble Gods, released on October 17, 1995 on Futurist Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30955062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955062" title="Beldanga I (community development block)">
Beldanga I (community development block)

Beldanga I (community development block) is an administrative division in Barhampur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Beldanga police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Beldanga.
Geography.
Beldanga is located at 
Beldanga I community development block has an area of 165.77 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Beldanga I block/ panchayat samiti are: Begunbari, Bhabta I, Bhabta II, Chaitanyapur I, Chaitanyapur II, Debkundu, Kapasdanga, Madda, Mahula I, Mahula II, Mirzapur I, Mirzapur II and Sujapur-Kumarpur.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Beldanga I block has a total population of 259,139, out of which 134,602 were males and 124,537 were females. Beldanga I block registered a population growth of 23.35 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Beldanga I block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination. 

</doc>
<doc id="30955064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955064" title="Mal-1">
Mal-1

Mal-1 is the debut album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron, recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
Reception.
A contemporaneous review by John S. Wilson stated that trumpeter Idrees Sulieman and alto saxophonist Gigi Gryce "play unusually well while Waldron contributes several provocative compositions and arrangements (especially a version of Yesterdays that is a remarkably interesting rewriting of a real warhorse) and plays with typically dark, warm charm". The Allmusic review by Jim Todd awarded the album 4 stars, stating "Mal Waldron's recording debut as a leader presents the pianist with his many gifts already well developed".

</doc>
<doc id="30955074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955074" title="Gaël N’Lundulu">
Gaël N’Lundulu

Gaël N'Lundulu (born 29 April 1992) is a French professional footballer of Congolese descent who currently plays as a midfielder.
Career.
N'Lundulu first began his footballing career in his hometown with Paris Saint-Germain. By age 16 however he was ready to move on and sign professional terms with a team away from Paris as PSG were only willing to offer a trainee contract.
After much speculation, he signed with Portsmouth in the summer of 2008 and would spend the next two seasons playing primarily for the reserve team though he did make the bench once in a fourth round League Cup match against Stoke City on 27 October 2009. Due to the immense financial difficulties of the English club, N'Lundulu's contract ended in the summer of 2010.
He moved on to Nantes where he went on trial, featuring in several friendlies at the beginning of the season but he would not be able to earn himself a contract during his time there. Eventually he joined Swiss-side Lausanne-Sport in February 2011. At the end of the 2011–2012 season he was released from the club.

</doc>
<doc id="30955077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955077" title="Neelys Bend Middle School">
Neelys Bend Middle School

Neely's Bend Middle School (commonly NBMS) is a public school in northeast Nashville, Tennessee, part of Metropolitan Nashville Public Schools. The school is named after Neely's Bend on the Cumberland River on which it is located. The school opened in September 1963 as Neely's Bend Junior High, and has since served a variety of grades ranging from fifth through ninth grade. The school currently serves grades five through eight.
The school is currently zoned to the Hunters Lane Cluster, accepting rising fifth graders from Amqui Elementary School and Neely's Bend Elementary School. Students who finish the eighth grade at Neely's Bend Middle School generally attend Hunters Lane High School.
Major Expansions.
The school was expanded by 8 classrooms in 1967 and a further 18 classrooms in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="30955081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955081" title="McLennan Handicap">
McLennan Handicap

The McLennan Handicap was an American thoroughbred horse race run annually each February from 1934-1961 at Hialeah Park Race Track in Hialeah, Florida. First run in 1934 as the Joseph McLennan Memorial Handicap, the race was named In honor of the late Joseph "Sandy" McLennan, the former racing secretary at Hialeah Park and at Chicago's Arlington Park who died in December 1933. In winning the first edition in 1934, Col. Edward R. Bradley's Blessed Event equaled the world record for a mile and an eighth on dirt. In 1938 the race name was shortened to the McLennan Memorial Handicap and shortened again in 1948 to the McLennan Handicap.
In 1941 the race had twenty-five entries and had to be run in two divisions.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:

</doc>
<doc id="30955089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955089" title="Beldanga II (community development block)">
Beldanga II (community development block)

Beldanga II (community development block) is an administrative division in Barhampur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Rejinagar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Shaktipur.
Geography.
Rejinagar is located at 
Beldanga II community development block has an area of 204.01 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Beldanga II block/ panchayat samiti are: Andulberia I, Andulberia II, Dadpur, Kamnagar, Kashipur, Ramnagar-Bachhra, Rampara I, Rampara II, Saktipur, Sompara I, Sompara II.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Beldanga II block has a total population of 210,195, out of which 109,107 were males and 101,088 were females. Beldanga II block registered a population growth of 19.21 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Beldanga II block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination. 

</doc>
<doc id="30955113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955113" title="RIT Tigers women's ice hockey">
RIT Tigers women's ice hockey

The RIT Tigers women's ice hockey team is one of two hockey teams representing Rochester Institute of Technology in suburban Rochester, New York. The team is moving to NCAA Division I women's ice hockey as a member of College Hockey America, after many years at Division III as part of the ECAC West conference. The head coach is former Niagara University player Scott McDonald.
History.
RIT added women's varsity hockey for the 1975–1976 season. After many years in the ECAC East, RIT moved to the ECAC West league for the 2007–2008 season. The team made three NCAA tournament appearances at the Division III level, in 2007, 2011, and 2012, with a record of 5-2 in tournament games. They lost their lone game in the 2007 campaign to Amherst College. In their 2011 campaign, the lady Tigers lost at home, in the Frozen Four final, to Norwich University. In 2012, the Tigers won their first national championship, also on home ice, and also against Norwich University. It was the third-ever national championship for RIT's athletic program and first in women's sports.
On March 20, 2012, RIT announced that the women's team would move up to Division I for the 2012–13 season, as the men's team did six years prior. The Tigers have been admitted to the College Hockey America conference.
The team has not had a losing season since 1994–95.
After a successful first season at the divison I level going 16-16-5, even after losing their first dI game 6-2 to the Mercyhurst Lakers, the tigers advanced to the CHA semifinals where they fell to the Syracuse Orange 2-1 in overtime. The next season was yet another season to remember. The tigers participated in the Frozen Frontier. A 10 day hockey festival at Rochester's Frontier Field. The tigers fell to Clarkson University 6-2. The tigers went on to win 11 out of their last 18 to win the CHA championship 2-1 in double overtime against the team that defeated them in their first ever divison one game, the Mercyhurst Lakers. The lady tigers, along with the mens team, will move into the 4500 seat Gene Polisseni Center in the fall of 2014 for the 2014-15 season where they look to defend their title.
Player histories.
Sarah Dagg was recognized as the 2011 ECAC West Player of the Year after contributing to the Tigers program-record 26 wins. In addition, she helped the Tigers to their first conference regular season and post-season championships. Her points total for the season was 18 goals and 24 assists in 30 games. 
In her senior season, Dagg advanced to the 2011 NCAA Division III Championship game. In her four seasons at RIT, the Tigers accumulated a won-loss record of 85-17-7, while finishing as the Tigers all-time leading scorer.Her career totals stand at 63 goals and 91 assists, while competing in 109 games. She is the Tigers all-time assists leader while recording three consecutive forty point seasons. In addition, she is second all-time at RIT with 20 power-play goals, while she stands tied at first place in shorthanded goals with nine.

</doc>
<doc id="30955130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955130" title="Volvo Kalmar Assembly">
Volvo Kalmar Assembly

The Volvo Kalmar plant was opened in 1973 just outside Kalmar, Sweden. The Kalmar plant was one of the most revolutionary automotive production plants in the world. Using Volvo Halifax Assembly and Volvo Torslanda Assembly as examples, the Kalmar plant also introduced the group assembly system. 
At Kalmar production was carried out on 18 ft. battery-driven carriers, which held one single car body at a time. The carriers were designed to swivel and rotate the individual bodies so that workers could access every aspect of the car in a practical fashion. The best advantage with those carriers, was that they held car in best possible ergonomic position, and by that reduce the personnel's work related injuries. The carriers was not locked in as in a traditional assembly line, they were following wires embedded in the floor, and could by that move around more freely. By then the carriers could i.e. be parked in buffer zones, if there was disturbance due to missing parts.
Team Assembly System.
The teams organized themselves any way they wished and at the speed they choose. While a worker on a conventional assembly line might spend his entire shift mounting one license-plate lamp after another, every member of a Kalmar work team may work at one time or another on all parts of the electrical system—from taillights to turn signals, head lamps, horn, fuse box and part of the electronically controlled fuel-injection system. The only requirement is that every team meet its production goal for a shift. 
As long as cars roll out on schedule, workers are free to take coffee breaks when they please or to refresh themselves in comfortable lounges equipped with kitchens and saunas. The group assembly system operated in two ways, docked or in-line. 
Docked assembly was carried out by teams of 2-3 that covered one aspect of the car on multiple vehicles or docked where teams of 3 built entire individual vehicles from the ground up. There were 25 production teams in total at Kalmar and every team had access to their own individual break room, workshop and sauna. 
The plant was closed in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="30955206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955206" title="Khalsa College">
Khalsa College

Khalsa College may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30955231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955231" title="Cycling at the 1951 Asian Games">
Cycling at the 1951 Asian Games

Cycling was contested at the 1951 Asian Games in New Delhi, India from March 6 to March 8. Four countries, India, Japan, Iran and Burma participated in this sport.

</doc>
<doc id="30955237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955237" title="Guilherme Rau">
Guilherme Rau

Guilherme Rau (?–1953) immigrated to Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil from Germany in 1900. An ophthalmologist, from 1915 to 1917 he helped with the "Geological Survey of Berlin's" excavation of 200 fossil at the Paleontological Site Sanga of Alemoa. He also contributed considerably to the Geopark of Paleorrota and taught Botany at the "Faculty of Pharmacy" of the city in the years 1934 and 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="30955253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955253" title="List of East Germany national football team results">
List of East Germany national football team results

The East Germany national football team represented the former state of East Germany from 1952 until the German reunification in 1990. The team was governed by the Deutscher Fußball-Verband, and was a part of the UEFA confederation.
East Germany's first international fixture was in 1952 against Poland, ending in a 3–0 loss. The team entered every World Cup and European Championship between 1958 and 1990, but only qualified for the final tournament on one occasion, the 1974 World Cup. The team's final fixture was a 2–0 victory against Belgium in 1990, which was initially scheduled to be a qualifying match for the 1992 European Championship before the reunification was announced.
Results.
The following is a list of all competitive fixtures played by East Germany.
Record by opponent.
The GDR played a total of 293 matches between 1952 and 1990, facing 52 different countries. The team which the GDR faced on the most occasions was Poland, the two sides playing each other 19 times.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="30955255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955255" title="Don Erickson">
Don Erickson

Don Lee Erickson (December 13, 1931 – August 1, 2012) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="30955258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955258" title="IdleAir">
IdleAir

IdleAir, a division of Convoy Solutions LLC, is a company that provides in-cab services to truckers via centralized systems at truck stops around the United States. IdleAir's service, Advanced Travel Center electrification (ATE), was more complex and more expensive than traditional truck stop electrification (TSE) systems which are aimed at idle reduction reducing the amount of fuel consumed by trucks while they idle during rests.
Most TSE systems simply provide electricity to trucks parked in their slots. IdleAir's service is more comprehensive, including heating and air conditioning, phone service, Internet connectivity, television, and 110-volt electrical outlets. The ATE services are delivered by a distinctive yellow tube that hooks into the door window of the truck.
The company, formerly named IdleAire, was launched in June 2000 and filed for bankruptcy protection on May 12, 2008. A May 16, 2008 press release on their website stated that they expected to remain open, however, IdleAire officially closed on January 29, 2010. 
Convoy Solutions LLC of Knoxville, TN, acquired the former IdleAire assets and relaunched the company as IdleAir in 2010. 
Since being relaunched by Convoy Solutions in 2010, the new IdleAir has opened 32 locations in 12 states — Arizona, Arkansas, California, Georgia, Illinois, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas and Utah. IdleAir services are available at some major truck stops, including Pilot Flying J, Love’s, Sapp Brothers, and TravelCenters of America and Petro franchisee locations. 

</doc>
<doc id="30955279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955279" title="Bowerman House">
Bowerman House

The Bowerman House (built in 1907) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Holiday Park, neighborhood of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. The home is of a crafts-man “Western Stick” style. The house was built as a hunting lodge by Allan Bowerman, graduate from Kingston Military College, first postmaster in Saskatoon on the west side of the river, and member of Saskatoon’s first town council (1903 – 1905). Bowerman was also responsible for the development of the Canada Building. The home was designed by Walter William LaChance. Bowerman sold the home in 1917 after the end of a construction boom in the city. 
In 1923 the building was obtained by the "Saskatchewan Anti-Tuberculosis League" and became part of the Saskatoon Sanatorium serving as a doctor's residence until 1987. It was used as the sanatorium superintendent residence, for Dr. Boughton and his family, from 1925 to 1959.
The property is now owned by the Meewasin Valley Authority and is used as a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="30955282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955282" title="No Heroes (Humble Gods album)">
No Heroes (Humble Gods album)

No Heroes is the second album by the California punk rock band Humble Gods released on October 15, 1996. This album follows their 1995 debut release "Humble Gods". "No Heroes" was released on Hollywood Records, and has a few of the same songs as the band's first release.

</doc>
<doc id="30955295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955295" title="Kre-O">
Kre-O

KRE-O is a line of construction toys (similar to Lego and Mega Bloks) manufactured by South Korea-based Oxford and marketed by Hasbro. Kre-O was released in stores in Fall 2011, although Hasbro started shipping out the first "Transformers" sets in early June 2011. The creators of the toy franchise got the name "Kre-O" from the Latin word "creo", which means "I create".
Kre-O toy feature highly articulated humanoid figures called Kreons. 
Kre-O blocks are compatible with Lego bricks, hence also compatible with Mega Bloks and other building block brands.
Toy lines.
Kre-O "Transformers".
Kre-O "Transformers" is the first line of the Kre-O series. They were first shown at the New York Toy Fair 2011.
Transformers Kre-O figures include homages to their live action film, Timelines, Transformers: Prime and Beast Hunters sub-lines.
Kre-O "Battleship".
Kre-O "Battleship" is the second overall line of Kre-O sets, based on the 2012 film, itself based on the original board (earlier, pen-and-pencil) game.
Kre-O "G.I. Joe".
Kre-O "G.I. Joe" was released as the third Kre-O line in February 2013 as a Toys "R" Us exclusive. This collection is based primarily on Hasbro's G.I.Joe: A Real American Hero , , and , but includes some Adventure Team Kreons as well.
Kre-O "Star Trek".
Kre-O "Star Trek" was released as the fourth line of Kre-O sets in April 2013. The initial sets and Kreons are based on the 2009 reboot and its sequel "Star Trek Into Darkness". A preview trailer was posted by Hasbro, first on Facebook, then later on YouTube. The trailer re-enacts the original "teaser trailer" for the first film, showing the construction of the U.S.S. Enterprise in Kre-O form and by Kreon construction workers. A press release made at the 2012 New York Toy Fair showed the completed Enterprise model (complete with flip-up "saucer" showing the ship's Bridge) and Kreons of Kirk, Spock and Sulu.
Kre-O "CityVille Invasion".
Kre-O "Cityville Invasion" is the fifth line of Kre-O sets, based on the popular "CityVille" online game series. This line introduces "Sonic Motion Technology", which triggers specific movements in special Kre-O bricks.
Kre-O "Dungeon & Dragons".
Kre-O "Dungeon & Dragons" is the sixth Kre-O line, released in January 2014. It is based on the popular role-playing game series of the same name.
Kreon.
"Kreons" are super-deformed human and Transformer figures included in the sets, equivalent to Lego minifigures.

</doc>
<doc id="30955297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955297" title="Rachel Sklar">
Rachel Sklar

Rachel Sklar (born December 8, 1972) CNN contributor is a lawyer and New York-based media blogger.
Early years.
Sklar was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. She is a graduate of the University of Western Ontario where she was the Vice-President Communications of the University Students' Council, as well as a regular contributor to the campus newspaper, "The Gazette". She was also an active member of the University of Western Ontario Debating Society. She graduated with honors from the University of Toronto Faculty of Law, where she was valedictorian.
Career.
Sklar became a full-time freelance writer on a wide array of topics. Her work has been published in "The New York Times", "Glamour", "The Financial Times", "The Chicago Tribune", "Wallpaper*", "The New York Post", and "The Village Voice". Her numerous publications in Canada include the self-published book "A Stroke of Luck: Life, Crisis and Rebirth of a Stroke Survivor" (Toronto: 1998, Parnassus Books), which she co-authored with the dentist Howard Rocket (the father a childhood friend) about his stroke and recovery.
Sklar was, until 7 November 2008, the Media & Special Projects Editor for the "Huffington Post". She wrote and edited the site's Eat The Press page. She previously wrote and edited FishbowlNY, a New York-based media industry blog. Sklar is a guest panelist on Fox News Watch, a current events debate program on the Fox News Channel, and has made appearances on "Red Eye w/ Greg Gutfeld", which is also a Fox News program.
She is currently working on "Jew-ish", a humorous book about cultural identity, for HarperCollins.
In Jan 2009 she left the Huffington Post to join The Daily Beast. Currently she works for Dan Abrams, at Abrams Research, "a media-focused expert network". Abrams is currently the publisher of Mediaite, a media news website. Sklar is the Editor-at-Large for Mediaite.
"She is the founder of two advocacy sites: Change The Ratio, which promotes the careers of women in new media and tech; and Charitini.com, which promotes social microgiving." In 2013, Sklar soft launched tech start-up, The Li.st, that serves as "a platform for awesome women."
Recognition and Awards.
In 2010 she was listed by The Wall in "Social media movers and shakers: The ones to watch in 2011" along with Ben Parr and Murray Newlands, and listed in 2011 Silicon Alley (NYC) 100 List by Business Insider for Change the Ratio. In 2012, Sklar was listed as one of the 10 Women in Tech Who Give Back.

</doc>
<doc id="30955305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955305" title="Olympic Music Festival">
Olympic Music Festival

Olympic Music Festival, based in Quilcene, Washington, is a casual classical music event founded by Alan Iglitzin featuring world-renowned musicians held in a barn nestled on 55 acres of farmland. The Olympic Music Festival was voted "Best Classical Music Festival" by readers of The Seattle Weekly.
History.
The music festival was founded in 1984 by Alan Iglitzin, who originally intended his farm to be a summer performance venue for the Philadelphia String Quartet, of which Alan Iglitzin was the founding violist. When people heard that the Philadelphia String Quartet was going to be practicing at a barn near Quilcene, people began to inquire as to whether there would be an opportunity to hear the Quartet there and Iglitzin began to consider creating a festival. Preliminary names for the festival included "Beethoven in the Barn" and "The Iglitzin Trio," but ultimately Iglitzin settled on the "Olympic Music Festival" referencing the peninsula on which it takes place. When the quartet members concluded their 32-year career seven years after the festival’s inception, artists from across the country were sought out to continue the legacy. Today, the festival has become a home away from home to many outstanding performers.
A returning pianist since 2008, Julio Elizalde joined the staff in 2011, with Iglitzin noting that Elizalde has been especially pivotal in accelerating the festival’s caliber. According to Iglitzin, "With the advent of Julio Elizalde and his access to great artists from the East Coast, the pipeline has widened, deepened and gotten ever more effective." Last year, Iglitzin designated Elizalde as co-artistic director. In 2013, the festival celebrated its 30th anniversary, with the director pleased that the festival has attained a level of excellence that not only surpasses the standards of its interim years, but also honors the eminence of its original performers, the Philadelphia String Quartet. Elizalde mentioned that the 30th season of chamber music concerts features returning and new musicians in a program that promises exciting new works while emphasizing masterpieces from the repertoire. The festival opened on June 29, 2013, with a selection of songs for baritone and piano, and closes on Sept. 1 with works by Bach, Beethoven and Brahms. The season is highlighted with performances by acclaimed musicians such as violinists Ray Chen, Korine Fujiwara and Stefan Milenkovich, and pianist and clarinetist Teddy Abrams.
Location.
In the Pacific Northwest region of the United States, the barn is on the Olympic Peninsula at 7360 Center Road, Quilcene, WA 98376 (360). The surrounding farmland has donkeys, horses, chickens, and a garden with flowers and other plants. Alan and his wife, Leigh Hearon, live on the farm and work year round fundraising for the festival and tending to the property and extensive gardens. 
Alan Iglitzin.
Alan Iglitzin, the founder of the festival, studied with legendary violist William Primrose. He graduated from Long Island University and did graduate work at Hunter College and the University of Minnesota. In 1953, Alan joined the Minneapolis Symphony and was assistant solo violist there for six years. He also was founding principal violist of the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra. During that time, he was also principal violist of the Philadelphia Chamber Orchestra. Alan was a founding member of the Philadelphia String Quartet. The Quartet left the Philadelphia Orchestra in 1966 to accept a unique position as Quartet-in-Residence at the University of Washington. In addition to touring internationally and recording with the Quartet, Alan was Director of Chamber Music at the Allegheny Music Festival, and for many years was a featured artist at the Aspen Music Festival and School, where he performed with Yo-Yo Ma, Itzhak Perlman, and Pinchas Zuckerman. After founding the Olympic Music Festival, Alan was honored with the Washington State Governor's award in 1972 and 1998, the only recipient to ever receive the award twice.
Music.
The music is chosen from the mainstream classical music, starting with Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Johann Sebastian Bach, Johannes Brahms, as well as more modern selections from the classical repertoire, such as Dmitri Shostakovich, Antonín Dvořák, and Claude Debussy. The music played at the festival is also played on the radio station Classical King FM 98.1, one of the music festival's sponsors.
2011 Program.
The June 25 & 26 "Night Music" program is Debussy's "Nocturne (1892)", Robert Schumann's "Des Abends, Op. 12, No. 1" and "In Der Nacht, Op. 12, No. 5", Gabriel Fauré's "Nocturne, Op. 33, no. 1", Frédéric Chopin's "Nocturne in C Sharp minor, Op. 27, No. 1", Debussy's "Soirée Dans Grenade", Schumann's "Nachtstucke, Op. 23", Fauré's "Nocturne Op 33., No. 3," and Chopin's "Nocturne in E Flat Major, Op. 55, No. 2" all on piano by Paul Hersch. In addition, the July 9–10 Mozart Festival includes three of Mozart's pieces, "String Quartet in B Flat Major, K. 458", "String Quartet in D Major, K. 421", and the "String Trio in E Flat Major, K. 563" with Charles Wetherbee and Korine Fujiwara on violin, Alan Iglitzin on viola, and Clancy Newman on cello.
2012 Program.
The program for July 7-8 includes pieces by Franz Schubert, including Three Pieces for Solo Piano Op. Posth, Fantasy, and "The Shepherd on the Rock, D. 965 for Soprano, Clarinet, and Piano". July 14-15 sees the Carpe Diem Quartet with Paul Hersh on the piano, including Zoltán Kodály's "String Quartet No. 2", Debussy's "String Quartet", and Dvorak's "Piano Quintet in E Flat Major" (with Charles Wetherbe on, violin, John Ewing on violin, Korine Fujiwara on viola, Walter Gray on cello, and Paul Hersh on piano.) July 21-22 is the Carpe Diem Quartet with Alan Iglitzin on viola. This includes "Italian Serenade" by Hugo Wolf, Beethoven's "String Quartet in C Major Op. 59 No. 1", and "String Quintet in G Major, Op. 111" by Brahms.
The July 28-29 String Quartet Masterworks includes String Quartet No. 1 by Dmitri Shostakovich, Beethoven's String Quartet in F Major Op. 18 No. 1, and Felix Mendelssohn's String Quartet No. 6 in F minor Op. 80. August 4-5 has Beethoven's Cello Sonata No. 4 in C Major, Op. 102 No. 1, Sergei Prokofiev's Violin Sonata No. 1 in F minor, Op. 80, and Brahms's Piano Quartet Nao. 1 in G minor, Op. 25 with Ilana Setapen on the violin, Alan Iglitzin on the viola, Bronwyn Banerdt on the cello, and Andrea Lam on the piano. The August 25-26 program includes Igor Stravinsky's Suite Italienne (1933), Ernest Bloch's Piano Quintet No. 1 (1923), Michael Brown's Dialogue for Violin & Cello (World Premiere 2012), and Brahms's String Sextet No. 2 in G Major, Op. 36. For September 1-2, the festival will be having Brahms's Variations on a Theme by Haydn, Stravinsky's Petrushka (arr. Brown/Elizalde), Leonard Bernstein's Suite from West Side Story (arr. John Musto), and Maurice Ravel's La Valse (1920).
2013 "30th Season" Program.
The program for June 29 & 30 (Songs and Dances of Love) include Selections from Goyescas, Op. 11 by Enrique Granados, Liebesträume S541 by Franz Liszt, and Dichterliebe, Op. 48 by Robert Schumann. The concert featured Zachary Gordin as baritone and Paul Hersh on piano. The July 6 & 7 program (Fireworks for Violin and Piano) featured Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Violin Sonata No. 22 in A Major, K. 305, Sergei Prokofiev's Violin Sonata in D Major, Op. 94b, Johann Sebastian Bach's Partita for Violin in E Major, BWV 1006, Pablo de Sarasate's Habañera, Playera, and Zigeunerweisen. The musicians were world-renowned violinist Ray Chen and Julio Elizalde, piano. Chen played on the "Huggins" Stradivarius from the Nippon Music Foundation. July 13 & 14 was the Mozart Festival, featuring Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 13 in C Major, K. 415, String Quartet No. 14 in A Major, K. 464, Andante and Variations in G major, K. 501, and Clarinet Quintet in A major, K. 581. The musicians are Korine Fujiwara, violin, Charles Wetherbee, violin, Alan Iglitzin, viola, Jennifer Culp, cello, Teddy Abrams, clarinet, and Julio Elizalde, piano. 
The July 20 & 21 concert (Romantic Music) included Miklós Rózsa's Sonata for Two Violins, Op. 15, Mendelssohn's Cello Sonata No. 2 in D major, Op. 58, and Schumman's Piano Quintet in E Flat Major, Op. 44. This featured Korine Fujiwara, violin, Charles Wetherbee, violin, Alan Iglitzin, viola, Jennifer Culp, cello, Paul Hersh, piano. July 27 & 28 was the Beethoven Festival, featuring Beethoven's Violin Sonata No. 5 in F Major, Op. 24 ("Spring"), Piano Trio in D Major, Op. 70, No. 1 ("Ghost"), and String Quartet in C Major, Op. 59, No. 3. This featured Stefan Milenkovich, violin, Stefan Hersh, violin, Alan Iglitzin, viola, Bonnie Hampton, cello, and Paul Hersh, piano. August 3 & 4 (Gypsy Reflections) featured Haydn's String Quartet in D Major, Op. 20 No. 4, George Enescu's Violin Sonata No. 3 in A minor ("dans le caractère populaire roumain"), Op. 25, Bartok's Romanian Folk Dances, Sz 56, and Brahms's Piano Quintet in F minor, Op. 34. The musicians were Stefan Milenkovich, violin, Andrea Segar, violin, Alan Iglitzin, viola, Matthew Zalkind, cello, and Julio Elizalde, piano.
The August 10 & 11 concert featured Beethoven's String Trio in D Major, Op. 9, William Walton's Piano Quartet (1943), Lukas Foss's Capriccio for Cello and Piano (1943), and Dvořák's String Quartet in E Flat Major, Op. 51. The musicians were Emily Daggett Smith, violin, Tien-Hsin Cindy Wu, violin & viola, Alan Iglitzin, viola, Matthew Zalkind, cello, and Julio Elizalde, piano. The August 17 & 18 concert was the Schubert Festival, featuring Franz Schubert's Moments Musicaux for Piano, D. 780, Rondo in B minor for Violin and Piano, D. 895, Impromptu No. 1 for Piano in C minor, D. 899, and Fantasy in C Major for Violin and Piano, D. 934. The musicians were Tien-Hsin Cindy Wu, violin, Julio Elizalde, piano. The August 24 & 25 concert (Czech & French Soundscapes) featured Bohuslav Martinů's Sonata for 2 Violins and Piano, H. 213, Dvořák's String Quartet No. 11 in C Major, Op. 61, Chopin's Barcarolle in F sharp Major, Op. 60, and Gabriel Fauré's Piano Quartet No. 2 in G minor, Op. 45. The musicians were Jessica Lee, violin, Tien-Hsin Cindy Wu, violin & viola, Alan Iglitzin, viola, Patrick Jee, cello, Julio Elizalde, piano. The August 31 & September 1 concert (Season Finale) includes Bach's Keyboard Concerto in D minor, BWV 1052, Brahms's Variations and Fugue on a Theme by Handel, Op. 24, Beethoven's String Quartet No. 12 in E-flat Major, Op. 127. The musicians include Jessica Lee, violin, Tien-Hsin Cindy Wu, violin, Alan Iglitzin, viola, Patrick Jee, cello, and Julio Elizalde, piano.
Other Information.
In 2011, the Olympic Music Festival will take place at 2 p.m. every Saturday and Sunday from June 24 to Sept. 4, 2011. Tickets range $30 to $18 advance for the Barn, $33 to $21 at the gate; $20 to $14 on the Lawn; all general admission.

</doc>
<doc id="30955306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955306" title="Nicholas Kallikles">
Nicholas Kallikles

Nicholas Kallikles () was a prominent physician and a leading court poet active in the Byzantine court in Constantinople during the reigns of Alexios I Komnenos (r. 1081–1118) and John II Komnenos (r. 1118–1143).
Biography.
Very little is known about Kallikles's life. What information we have comes from a short mention in the "Alexiad" of Anna Komnene, his correspondence with Theophylact of Ohrid and his own poems. He was a well-known physician at the imperial court already before 1108. In 1118, he was one of the doctors attending Alexios I during his final illness. According to the "Alexiad" (XV.11.3), Kallikles was the only one to discern the gravity of the emperor's situation and to suggest the use of purgatives. As his colleagues were opposed to this, his advice was not followed.
From his correspondence with Theophylact, Kallikles appears as a very learned and cultivated man, and was in possession of a fine library. As a court poet, he was, along with his contemporary Theodore Prodromos, the major exponent of the genre of poetic panegyrics praising the Komnenian system's leading aristocrats: his major themes are their wealth and noble descent. He also dedicated poems to individual artifacts such as icons, and a number of reliquary inscriptions are attributed to him.
The date of his death is unknown. His latest known composition is an epitaph for John II, which was composed before the emperor's actual death, probably circa 1142.

</doc>
<doc id="30955307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955307" title="Joe Lang">
Joe Lang

Joe Lang (3 September 1983) is a musician, writer and composer guitarist who resides in the Twin Cities. He was a co-founder of the Hermit Cab speaker cabinet company.
History.
As the son of Peter Lang, Joe Lang picked up the guitar at age 13. Despite formal journalism training at the University of Minnesota, he continued on his studies of guitar. He has undertaken continued studies under Kai Eckhardt, Nirmala Rajasekar and Prakash Hariharan as well as various lessons with Anindo Chatterjee, Ramesh Misra, Steve Coleman, Pantula Rama, Oz Noy, Paul Renz, Prasanna and Adam Rogers. He has performed and recorded with Dave King of The Bad Plus as well as Ev Olcott from Halloween, Alaska. From 2008 to 2009 he was an instructor at the St. Paul Guitar Studio. He continues studies of South Indian classical music and jazz. As a writer he contributes to "All About Jazz", "Jambase", and "Performer Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="30955314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955314" title="The Happy Life">
The Happy Life

The Happy Life () is a 2007 South Korean film directed by Lee Joon-ik, whose previous film, "The King and the Clown" was the highest grossing Korean film of 2005. The film sold 1,263,835 tickets nationwide .
Synopsis.
Sang-woo, the leader of college rock band Active Volcano, dies and sets up a reunion for Gi-yeong and the other members of the group. Former bass player Seong-wook lives a hand-to-mouth existence working two jobs. Drummer Hyeok-su is a single father struggling to make a living as a car salesman. The jobless lead guitarist Gi-yeong dreams of taking over Volcano as the new frontman. When he suggests they reform the band while the old friends reminisce at the funeral, they all spurn the idea. But Gi-yeong persists and gets each to relent, setting the stage for a rock and roll reunion.
Musical theatre adaptation.
It was adapted into a stage musical in 2008, with film/theater actor Oh Man-seok debuting as director. Oh was also the lyricist and polished the script. The story centers around two guys who are crazy about music. One is a high school music teacher, Beom-jin, who has broken up with his girlfriend and now eats sadly alone in front of his mirror out of habit. Another is the younger Sae-ki, whose mother left and whose father died in a sudden accident, leaving him an orphan. In this rather dull world, the only thing that makes these two feel alive is music, offering them their "happy life". Yoo Jun-sang and Im Choon-gil alternated as Beom-jin, and Kim Mu-yeol and Ryan alternated as Sae-ki.

</doc>
<doc id="30955325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955325" title="List of Toronto Public Library branches">
List of Toronto Public Library branches

The Toronto Public Library operates a total of 99 branch libraries across Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="30955328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955328" title="Opera Canada">
Opera Canada

Opera Canada is a quarterly music magazine published by Opera Canada Publications. It is the oldest continuously published arts magazine in Canada. It is an independent magazine separate from the Canadian Opera Association. Along with Opera and Opera News, in the 1990s, the magazine was considered to be one of the three major opera publications in the English-speaking world.
History.
In 1960, Opera in Canada was established in Toronto by Ruby Mercer. It was started as a publication for the 300 members of the Canadian Opera Guild. The publication was meant to be a link between the Guild members and its readers. Mercer served as editor and publisher until 1990.
Bibliographic details.
In 1963, the publication's name was changed to Opera Canada. The magazine was quarterly from 1960 to 1974. In 1975, six issues were planned but only five issues were published. Quarterly publication resumed and continued between 1976 and 2004. Five issues of the magazine were published annually 2004-????. The magazine has once again reverted to a quarterly publication.
Over its lifetime, the magazine has had three publishers as follows:
In February 1976 Opera Canada became an independent magazine. The Canadian Opera Association was the former legal name of the Canadian Opera Company used between 1960–1977. With the third publisher change, the magazine became a non-profit organization in Canada. Individual donors and corporations are entitled to an official receipt per Revenue Canada issued by Opera Canada (registration 118929108RR0001). The website and the printed magazine is available to paid subscribers. The magazine's other revenue streams are grants, advertising, and newsstand sales. Each year the publication receives funding from the Canada Council for the Arts, the Ontario Arts Council, and the Canadian Periodical Fund. Printing and targeted advertising within the magazine is delivered by Dovetail Communications Inc.
The editorial succession at "Opera Canada" was as follows:
Opera Canada Awards.
With an endowment from the estate of Ruby Mercer, the Opera Canada Awards (The Rubies) were established in 2000. The Rubies recognise and honour outstanding individual achievements on stage and behind the scenes. The first recipients included Maureen Forrester, Stuart Hamilton, and John Cook.

</doc>
<doc id="30955337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955337" title="Galileo Galilei (band)">
Galileo Galilei (band)


</doc>
<doc id="30955365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955365" title="Elana Eden">
Elana Eden

Elana Eden (; born May 1, 1940) is an Israeli actress of film, television, and theatre, best known for her film debut as the title character in 20th-Century Fox's biblical epic "The Story of Ruth" (1960).
Early life.
Eden was born Elana Lani Cooper in Bat Yam, Tel Aviv District, Israel. Her father, Zvi Cooper, was born in Russia and her mother was born in Poland. She has two siblings: a sister (Tamar) and a brother (Moti). Since her youth, Eden was associated with the stage and therefore became a member of the Habima Theater Drama School. She made her theatrical debut in the play "Lysistrata" for which she performed over fifty times in various locations of Israel.
Career.
After having served as a machine gunner and volunteer with the Israeli Army, Eden auditioned for the film "The Diary of Anne Frank" in London in 1957 and became one of the five finalists until Millie Perkins received the part.
When searching for an actress to play the title role in 20th Century Fox's CinemaScope biblical epic "The Story of Ruth" (1960), producer Samuel G. Engel remembered her previous screen test for "The Diary of Anne Frank" and Eden arrived in Hollywood on August 18, 1959 to do more screen tests for the part of Ruth. Out of the twenty-nine actresses who were tested, Eden was finally chosen and cast as Ruth. The film crew changed her stage name from "Elana Cooper" to "Elana Eden," because "Cooper did not sound Jewish." For the film she lost ten pounds in three weeks, giving up "bread and butter, sour cream, rich sauces and cakes" for "steak, cottage cheese and fresh fruit." Of her portrayal, "Variety" wrote: "She gives a performance of dignity, projecting an inner strength through a delicate veneer." Her performance was also complimented by columnist Hedda Hopper.
After her appearance in "The Story of Ruth", Eden appeared in several television series both in the United States and in Israel. She also appeared in "Trunk to Cairo" (1966), co-starring Audie Murphy, George Sanders, and Marianne Koch.
Personal life.
Eden married Israeli author and playwright Nissim Aloni in 1962, and later divorced him in 1965. She later married American composer Fredric "Fred" Myrow on June 6, 1969. They had three daughters: Rachael, Shira, and Neora.
In 1967 in Modesto, California, Eden was a speaker at the kickoff dinner for the Modesto Jewish Welfare and United Jewish Appeal campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="30955367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955367" title="Super Street Fighter">
Super Street Fighter

Super Street Fighter is the beginning of the title of several games in the Street Fighter series. While there was not a "super" version created for the original game, sequels picked up the adjective:

</doc>
<doc id="30955378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955378" title="Duna Kör">
Duna Kör

Duna Kör () is a Hungarian environmental organization founded in 1984 as a protest body to prevent the construction of the Gabčíkovo – Nagymaros Dams. Founder was biologist János Vargha. The organization was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="30955379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955379" title="Nordic Christmas calendar">
Nordic Christmas calendar

A Christmas calendar (, , , ) is a form of Nordic televised advent calendars, first introduced in Sweden in 1957.
Each series consists of 24 episodes which air daily beginning on the first of December, and ending on Christmas Eve. The first "Christmas calendar" was the Swedish "Titteliture". The first such series aired in Denmark was Historier fra hele verden in 1962. The form gradually extended into the other Nordic countries of Norway, Finland and Iceland.
Most "Christmas calendars" are produced for children, while some cater to both children and adults, and even some are directed at adults alone. Many "Christmas calendar" series, such as the 1979 Norwegian Jul i Skomakergata, and the 1990 Icelandic Á baðkari til Betlehem have become classics in their respective countries, and are enjoyed both by children and adults (if purely for nostalgic reasons).
Christmas calendars very often feature "tomter" or "nisser", and occasionally a Santa Claus figure.
A more modern version of a "Christmas calendar" is the show "The 24th", which is a parody on the popular American series "24" starring Kiefer Sutherland.

</doc>
<doc id="30955393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955393" title="Larry Colton">
Larry Colton

Lawrence Robert "Larry" Colton (born June 8, 1942) , a one-time professional baseball player, is a writer and educator in Portland, Oregon. Signed as a pitcher by the Philadelphia Phillies in 1964, Colton played collegiately at the University of California, where he still holds the single game strikeout record (19). In 1965, he married Denise Loder, daughter of the actress Hedy Lamarr. A shoulder separation ended his big league career after a single appearance in
relief for the Phillies. 
Writing Career.
Larry Colton has published hundreds of magazine articles for publications including Esquire, New York Times, Sports Illustrated and Ladies Home Journal. The author of five books, Colton was the recipient of the 2013 Stewart H. Holbrook Literary Legacy Award from Oregon Literary Arts. The award honors not only his achievements as a writer, but also his work as the founder of the literary festival and writing program, Wordstock. His book Counting Coup, earned him a Pulitzer Prize nomination, and an E-book of the Year Award in 2000.
"Idol Time".
Colton’s first book, "Idol Time", examined the aftermath of the Portland Trailblazers’s 1977 NBA championship, and while it reached primarily a regional audience, it foreshadowed the narrative approach Colton would apply in subsequent works.
"Goat Brothers".
"Goat Brothers", published by Doubleday in 1993, examined the lives of Colton and a select group of his fraternity brothers at the University of California from their college days in the early 1960s until the end of the ‘80s. A main selection of the Book of the Month Club, "Goat Brothers" was described in Entertainment Weekly as “engaging” and “compulsively readable.” Publisher’s Weekly said of the book "Colton powerfully tells the stories of the five men's search for self-worth, their difficulty in communicating their feelings, and their anger toward women. 
"Counting Coup".
Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, Colton’s third book, "Counting Coup", again focused on group dynamics, but in this case rather than observing a group of prominent men, Colton chronicled the dramatic season of a high school girls’ basketball team in Montana. The team’s star was the descendent of a Crow scout at Little Big Horn. Sharon LaForge’s charisma animates Colton’s account of the Harden Lady Bulldogs’ quest for a state championship. The book received raved reviews. Katherine Dunn, the best-selling author of "Geek Love", observed that Colton placed his subjects “in the intricately tangled social contexts that lend weight and meaning far beyond the game.” "Counting Coup" won the 2000 International E-Book of the Year Award.
"No Ordinary Joes".
"No Ordinary Joes" is Colton’s 2010 account of the sinking of the US Navy submarine Grenadier, a little-known episode of WWII. Based on extensive interviews with several of the survivors, "No Ordinary Joes" borrows from the narrative strategy of "Goat Brothers" to tell the interlocking stories of four shipmates on the Grenadier, from their childhoods through enlistment, courtships and deployment, and on to the horrors of life in a Japanese slave labor camp. “The book's content is fresh,” wrote a review in the Oregonian, “and the narrative is superb.” NPR said of the book, "The book recounts the soldiers' harrowing experiences as POWs, but it is also, at its core, an incredible love story.” 
"Southern League".
Colton’s latest book, due in stores on May 14, 2013, returns to his baseball roots. The story of the 1964 Birmingham Barons, "Southern League" sets the season of the first integrated professional baseball team in Alabama in the context of the Civil Rights Movement and the struggle for racial equality. While the pennant race gives the book its narrative momentum, the counterpoint provided by Colton’s research into Birmingham’s complicated racial past gives poignancy to the friendships formed among the players, black and white, and the team’s affection for its young manager, Haywood Sullivan, a white Alabaman who would go on to own the Boston Red Sox. Two-time Pulitzer-prize winning reporter Richard Ben Cramer, wrote of "Southern League" shortly before he died early in 2013: "When I read "Counting Coup," I was staggered by Larry Colton's ability to persuade a group of high school girls to share their heart's secrets, so I am not surprised that for "Southern League" he could get a bunch of aging baseball players to remember the hopes and fears of their minor league days. The breadth of Colton's reporting here, placing the Birmingham Barons' 1964 season squarely into the context of the civil rights era, is a narrative "tour de force".”
Colton played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="30955403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955403" title="Sam McMillan">
Sam McMillan

Sam McMillan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30955405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955405" title="AusIndustry">
AusIndustry

AusIndustry is the Australian Government’s specialist business program delivery division in the Department of Industry, Innovation, Science, Research and Tertiary Education. AusIndustry delivers programs for businesses and individuals worth around A$2 billion per year including innovation grants, clean technology, tax incentives, duty concessions, small business development,industry support and venture capital.
History.
The Australian Government announced the creation of AusIndustry on 4 May 1994 as a result of the White Paper Working Nation: White Paper on Employment and Growth 1994.
Services.
AusIndustry delivers business services that build on three key drivers of economic growth - innovation, investment and international competitiveness.
AusIndustry provides incentives to help Australian businesses:
Office locations.
AusIndustry has customer service managers located in more than 20 offices across Australia, including 15 regional offices, plus a national contact centre and website.

</doc>
<doc id="30955445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955445" title="El caballo bayo">
El caballo bayo

El caballo bayo ("The Bay Horse") is a 1966 western film from Mexico starring Antonio Aguilar and Maricruz Olivier.

</doc>
<doc id="30955456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955456" title="List of Grace Under Fire characters">
List of Grace Under Fire characters

"Grace Under Fire" is a television martial arts period drama produced by TVB.

</doc>
<doc id="30955472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955472" title="Stephen Donnelly">
Stephen Donnelly

Stephen Donnelly (born 1975) is an Irish independent politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wicklow constituency at the 2011 general election. He sits in the Dáil Éireann Technical group.
Personal life and career.
Donnelly is a graduate of University College Dublin (UCD) with a degree in Mechanical Engineering. He also worked and studied in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). In 2000 Donnelly moved to London where he worked as a management consultant with McKinsey & Company.
In 2008 he completed a Masters' degree in Public Administration in International Development in the Harvard Kennedy School of Government. He returned to work for McKinsey and Company in Dublin before deciding to run for office in 2011.
Donnelly lives in Greystones, County Wicklow with his wife and two sons.
Political career.
Donnelly is a member of the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Finance, Public Expenditure and Reform and part of the Irish delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). Since his election he has focused on education and economic issues such as the need to deleverage household debt, public sector and political reform, and Ireland’s Bailout Programme.
In October 2012, he addressed Martin Schulz, President of the European Parliament, in the Dáil on behalf of the technical group, saying: "€67 billion is being borrowed from the troika, virtually all of which is going into the banks and almost the same amount is being given by the banks to the senior bondholders in terms of forgone losses. This is what has happened: there has been a €67 billion circle of money from the troika through Ireland to the international banks and investors… I thank Mr. Schulz for his support and I hope he will be able to bring this simple message back: Ireland did not get a bailout and Ireland is not looking for aid or benevolence. We need our money back in order that we can contribute to the recovery of Europe."
In Wicklow, Donnelly has been active on local issues such as the regeneration of Greystones Harbour, school overcrowding and long-term educational planning, supporting local businesses and community initiatives.
"The Irish Times"s Miriam Lord recognised Donnelly as her 2012 Politician of the Year, due to his measured contributions on Ireland's financial crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="30955475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955475" title="Joe Walker (novelist)">
Joe Walker (novelist)

Joe Walker (23 September 1910 – 19 January 1971) was an Australian novelist, newspaper editor and union leader. 
Early career.
Joseph Walker was born in Harewood, Yorkshire, England. He emigrated to Australia in 1928, and spent the Depression years in rural Australia, ending in Darwin, Northern Territory at the start of World War II.
The war years.
Joe Walker, known as ‘Yorky’ because of his accent, worked on the Darwin wharves and became chairman of the waterside section of the North Australian Workers' Union (NAWU) and from November 1943 to October 1947, he was NAWU secretary. On 19 February 1942, the Bombing of Darwin by the Japanese took place. Walker survived the attack, and attempted to remain in Darwin as an active union organizer, even though the city was under military control. He was eventually enrolled in the Civil Constructional Corps and spent the rest of this war in this organisation which was under semi-military control. 
Post-war years.
He edited the weekly union newspaper, "The Northern Standard" when it resumed publication after the war. It was the Northern Territory's only newspaper at that time. After the war, Aboriginal workers in the Northern Territory began demanding rights taken for granted by other workers, such as the right to money wages. A February 1947 strike by Aboriginal workers in Darwin was supported by the NAWU. During the public debate over this issue, Joe Walker circulated accounts, based on reports from union organisers, of savage mistreatment of Aborigines on cattle stations, similar to some of the brutality he would later depict in his novel, "No Sunlight Singing".
Writing career.
Joe Walker had had first-hand experience of life on outback cattle stations (notably with Vestey’s) and had been deeply affected by what he saw as the ignoble treatment of the aborigines they employed. His novel "No Sunlight Singing", written after he left the Territory and was living in Melbourne, Victoria, was an attempt to draw attention to the plight of this people, whom he saw as being exploited by station owners, who were themselves often absentee landlords.
Last days.
Although Joe Walker did not play a leading role in any political organisation during the 1960s, he joined in many of the campaigns of the period, including the protests against the hanging of Ronald Ryan (the last person executed in Australia) in 1967, the gaoling of union leader Clarrie O'Shea in 1969 and the struggles over the Vietnam War and conscription, from the mid-1960s onwards. Joe Walker died in Melbourne in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="30955477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955477" title="Prominent Hill Airport">
Prominent Hill Airport

Prominent Hill Airport is a private airport servicing the OZ Minerals Prominent Hill Mine in north west South Australia, south-east of Coober Pedy.

</doc>
<doc id="30955501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955501" title="Yolande Ardissone">
Yolande Ardissone

Yolande Ardissone (born une 6, 1927) is a French painter. Born in Bueil (Normandy), she studied at the Beaux-Arts and at the Académie de la Grande Chaumière in Paris.
She met Jaques Eitel - who was going to become her husband - during a trip in Italy in 1949. Yolande Ardissone and Jacques Eitel had a daughter, who also became a painter known under the name of Florence Arven. Yolande Ardissone exhibited her works in many salons, including the Salon des artistes français.
She was discovered by the art merchant Wally Findlay in 1957 and started exhibitiong her works in New York, Beverly Hills, Palm Beach and other US-based galleries that same year. Yolande Ardissone has gained a considerable reputation. Yolande Ardissone loves to paint Provence, Paris and the French countryside. But her favorite topic is the region of Brittany in western France.

</doc>
<doc id="30955510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955510" title="Minuscule 833 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 833 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 833 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε421 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript has complex contents.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 359 paper leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 41 lines per page.
It contains Prolegomena to each Gospel. It contains a commentary of Theophylact.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
Gregory dated the manuscript to the 14th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century.
The manuscript was examined by Angelo Maria Bandini. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (833e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Laurentian Library (Plutei VI. 26), in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="30955516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955516" title="Tom Siebenaler">
Tom Siebenaler

Tom Siebenaler (born 28 September 1990) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for FC Differdange 03, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="30955521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955521" title="Sikh Reference Library">
Sikh Reference Library

The Sikh Reference Library was a repository of over 1,500 rare manuscripts located in the Golden Temple at Amritsar, Punjab which was destroyed during Operation Blue Star. In 1984, the library's contents were confiscated by the Central Bureau of Investigation and the empty building allegedly burned to the ground by the Indian Army. In recent years the SGPC has attempted to recover the looted material but has not yet recovered substantial materials. To date, the status of library manuscripts and artifacts is unclear; the vast majority remain in the hands of the government, a few office files and passports were returned, and as many as 117 items were destroyed for being "seditious" materials.
Origin.
The Sikh Reference Library was established by the SGPC with a resolution dated October 27, 1946. The library had its roots in a meeting of the Sikh Historical Society under the presidency of Princess Bamba on February 10, 1945 at Khalsa College, Amritsar which established the Central Sikh library. The Central Sikh library was then folded into the Sikh Reference Library.
Historical materials.
Before its destruction, the library contained rare books and manuscripts on Sikh religion, history, and culture. It also contained handwritten manuscripts of the Guru Granth Sahib and Hukmnamas containing signatures of Sikh Gurus. The library also held documents related to the Indian Independence Movement.
Destruction.
According to the Indian Army white paper on Operation Blue Star, the library was destroyed on the night of June 5, 1984 in the midst of a firefight. However, according to V. M. Tarkunde, the library was still intact on June 6 when the Army had gained control of the Golden Temple, and was in fact burned down by the army at some point between June 6 and June 14. Although the Indian Army has maintained that the library's contents were completely destroyed on June 5, the SGPC has contradicted their version of events. By using witness accounts, the SGPC has alleged that material from the library was taken in gunny sacks on military truck to Amritsar's Youth Club, a temporary office of the Central Bureau of Investigation, and the empty library was burned by the army afterwards. At that location, the CBI catalogued the materials until September 1984, when in light of a Sikh convention being held in the city, the library's contents were moved to an undisclosed location.
Coverup.
In 2003, Ranjit Nanda, a former inspector for the CBI, turned whistleblower and revealed he was part of a five member team which scrutinized the documents at the CBI's makeshift office at Amritsar's Youth Club. He revealed that officials from his department were "desperately looking for a purported letter written by Indira Gandhi, the then Prime Minister, to Jarnail Singh Bhinderanwale", and reported seeing letters from the other leaders addressed to Jarnail Singh Bhinderanwale. Manjit Calcutta, a former secretary of the SGPC, corroborated Nanda's version of events but further alleged that the army set the library "on fire in desperation when it failed to find the letter". Nanda further confirmed the SGPC's version of events by describing how after inspecting each book and manuscript the CBI packed the documents into 165 numbered gunny sacks and bundled the material into waiting army vehicles because of a meeting of Sikh high priests taking place at the time. He also showed a letter from his superiors commending his work "during examination of documents from SGPC ".
Efforts to recover the material.
Since 1988, the SGPC has written to the Central Government asking for the return of the material taken by the CBI but has only received minor office files.
On May 23, 2000 George Fernandes wrote to the SGPC Secretary, Gurbachan Singh Bachan, and acknowledged that the Indian Army had taken taken the books and other documents from the Sikh Reference Library and handed them over to the CBI. He asked him to refer the matter to the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, whose jurisdiction the CBI falls under.
In a visit to Jalandhar, Punjab George Fernandes announced that the CBI had destroyed 117 "seditious" documents from the material taken from the Sikh Reference Library.
On March 25, 2003, A. P. J. Abdul Kalam made assurances that the books, documents, and manuscripts would be returned, however he took no further action.
In April 26, 2004, the Punjab and Haryana High Court ordered the Central Government, Government of Punjab, and the CBI to return the "valuables, books, scriptures, paintings, etc, that were seized from the Golden Temple during “Operation Bluestar” in 1984".
In February and May 2009, A. K. Antony, defense minister of India, claimed in parliament that the Indian Army no longer had any material taken from the library. Various members of parliament and the SGPC criticized him for "misleading parliament".

</doc>
<doc id="30955539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955539" title="List of number-one singles of 2008 (Finland)">
List of number-one singles of 2008 (Finland)

This is the complete list of (physical and digital) number-one singles sold in Finland in 2008 according to the Official Finnish Charts. The list on the left side of the box ("Suomen virallinen singlelista", "the Official Finnish Singles Chart") represents both physical and digital track sales and the one on the right side ("Suomen virallinen latauslista", "the Official Finnish Download Chart") represents sales of digital tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="30955560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955560" title="Jama Garad Ali">
Jama Garad Ali

Garad Jama Garad Ali () is a Somali leader. He is the senior "Garaad" of the traditional Dhulbahante chiefs.
Garaad Jaamac Garaad Cali.
Garaad Jaamac was crowned in Las Anod City in front of a huge number of people including high-ranking politicians from Somali Transitional Government, Somaliland and Puntland. The event brought together, for the first time after the collapse of Somali Government in 1991, a large number of politically diverse politicians such as former Somali Prime Minister Ali Khalif Galaydh, the President and the Vice-President of Puntland, and the 2nd Deputy Speaker of the Somaliland House of Representatives. Though the tension was high, the coronation of one of the most senior and powerful traditional leaders of Somalia proceeded peacefully.
The Coronation.
The Coronation took place May 22, 2006, in Geedo-Qarsay Valley, near Las Anod where Garad Jama's father (Garad Ali aka Ali Garad jama), His Uncle (Garad Abdiqani Garad Jama), and his Grandfather (Garad Jama) were crowned. The Las-Anoders showed their well-known hospitality to the thousands of guests who attended "the once of a life time" Ceremony. The audiences were entertained with well trained horses that were decorated by damasks and embroidery, which manifested the traditional craftsmen and women's hard work based on the rich Somali cultural heritage.
At 10 o'clock the milk was poured into the Garad. Milk is a symbol of peace and eternal prosperity; this act is true to the equilibrium of the virtues of the traditional culture. 
Reconciliation and rebuilding Somalia.
The last two decades, Somalia was in anarchy. Government services ceased especially judiciary, law, order and social services. In that lawless state, Somali people turn to their traditional leaders and traditional system for mending the peace and social harmony. Although, the traditional leaders were unprepared to shoulder all the problems created by the chaos, still practicing traditional ways decreased conflicts between clans especially parts of the country where traditional system practiced. Traditional leaders also succeeded creating local administration that extends social services to the community.
he last two decades, Somalia was in anarchy. Government services ceased especially judiciary, law, order and social services. In that lawless state, Somali people turn to their traditional leaders and traditional system for mending the peace and social harmony. Although, the traditional leaders were unprepared to shoulder all the problems created by the chaos, still practicing traditional ways decreased conflicts between clans especially parts of the country where traditional system practiced. Traditional leaders also succeeded creating local administration that extends social services to the community.
traditional leaders worked tirelessly restoring the dignity and state of their people, at last the wish of the elders came true when 135 traditional leaders met Mogadishu May 18, 2012. Garad Jama was one of the 135 traditional leaders attended that meeting and the elders elected him for the chairman of the elders arbitration committee.

</doc>
<doc id="30955568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955568" title="Born Free (Humble Gods album)">
Born Free (Humble Gods album)

Born Free is the third studio album from the California based punk rock band Humble Gods, and released on January 6, 2004, on Suburban Noize Records. There was a seven-year gap between this album and the band's sophomore release "No Heroes", because vocalist Daddy X was busy with his other band Kottonmouth Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="30955569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955569" title="Tom Schnell">
Tom Schnell

Tom Schnell (born 8 October 1985) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for Fola Esch, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="30955583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955583" title="2010–11 South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball team">
2010–11 South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball team

The 2010–11 South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball team represented the University of South Carolina in the 2010-11 college basketball season. Their head coach was Darrin Horn, in his third season with the Gamecocks. The team played its home games at the Colonial Life Arena in Columbia, South Carolina, as a member of the Southeastern Conference.
Previous season.
The Gamecocks finished the 2009–10 season 15–16 overall, 6–10 in SEC play and lost in the first round of the SEC Tournament to Alabama.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=9| Non-Conference Regular Season
!colspan=9| SEC Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2011 SEC Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="30955590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955590" title="Mathias Jänisch">
Mathias Jänisch

Mathias Jänisch (born 27 August 1990) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for FC Differdange 03, as a midfielder.
Career.
Jänisch has played club football for CS Grevenmacher and FC Differdange 03.
He made his international debut for Luxembourg in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30955593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955593" title="Suillus salmonicolor">
Suillus salmonicolor

Suillus salmonicolor, commonly known as the slippery Jill, is a fungus in the family Suillaceae of the order Boletales. First described as a member of the genus "Boletus" in 1874, the species acquired several synonyms, including "Suillus pinorigidus" and "Suillus subluteus", before it was assigned its current binomial name in 1983. It has not been determined with certainty whether "S. salmonicolor" is distinct from the species "S. cothurnatus", described by Rolf Singer in 1945. "S. salmonicolor" is a mycorrhizal fungus—meaning it forms a symbiotic association with the roots of plants such that both organisms benefit from the exchange of nutrients. This symbiosis occurs with various species of pine, and the fruit bodies (or mushrooms) of the fungus appear scattered or in groups on the ground near the trees. The fungus is found in North America (including Hawaii), Asia, the Caribbean, South Africa, Australia and Central America. It has been introduced to several of those locations via transplanted trees.
The mushroom's dingy yellow to brownish cap is rounded to flattened in shape, slimy when wet, and grows up to wide. The small pores on the underside of the cap are yellow before becoming olive-brown. The stem is up to long and thick and is covered with reddish-brown glandular dots. Young specimens are covered with a grayish, slimy partial veil that later ruptures and leaves a sheathlike ring on the stem. Although the mushroom is generally considered edible—especially if the slimy cap cuticle and partial veil are first peeled off—opinions about its palatability vary. Other similar "Suillus" species include "S. acidus", "S. subalutaceus", and "S. intermedius".
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The species was first described scientifically by American mycologist Charles C. Frost in 1874 as "Boletus salmonicolor", based on specimens he collected in the New England area of the United States. In a 1983 publication, mycologist Roy Halling declared "Boletus subluteus" (described by Charles Horton Peck in 1887; "Ixocomus subluteus" is a later combination based on this name) and "Suillus pinorigidus" (described by Wally Snell and Esther A. Dick in 1956) to be synonymous. Halling also reexamined Frost's type specimen of "B. salmonicolor", and considered the taxon better placed in "Suillus" because of its glutinous cap, dotted stem, and ring; he formally transferred it to that genus, resulting in the combination "Suillus salmonicolor". The specific epithet "salmonicolor" is a Latin color term meaning "pink with a dash of yellow". The mushroom is commonly known as the "slippery Jill".
In a 1986 publication on "Suillus" taxonomy and nomenclature, and further discussed the synonymy of "S. salmonicolor", "S. subluteus", and "S. pinorigidus". They noted that fruit bodies of "S. subluteus" collected in Minnesota did not have the strong salmon colors considered characteristic of "S. salmonicolor", as well as collections that had been named "S. pinorigidus"; this is a morphological difference that could be sufficient to consider "S. subluteus" a distinct species. They explained that although the microscopic characteristics of the three taxa do not differ significantly, this is not unusual for "Suillus" and cannot be used as the sole proof of conspecificity. Palm and Stewart concluded that a study of specimens from various areas of their geographical ranges would be needed to fully resolve the taxonomy of these related species.
There is some disagreement in the literature about whether "Suillus cothurnatus" represents a different species from "S. salmonicolor". The online mycological taxonomy database MycoBank lists them as synonyms, contrary to Index Fungorum. In their 2000 monograph of North American boletes, Alan Bessette and colleagues list the two taxa separately, noting that the range of "S. cothurnatus" is difficult to determine because of confusion with "S. salmonicolor". In a molecular analyses of "Suillus" phylogeny, based on the internal transcribed spacer, "S. salmonicolor" (as "S. subluteus") and "S. intermedius" clustered together very closely, indicating a high degree of genetic similarity. These analyses were based on comparing the sequence differences in a single region of ribosomal DNA; more recent molecular analyses typically combine the analysis of several genes to increase the validity of inferences drawn.
Description.
The cap of "S. salmonicolor" is bluntly rounded or convex to nearly flattened, reaching a diameter of . The cap surface is sticky to slimy when moist, but becomes shiny when dry. The cap color is variable, ranging from dingy yellow to yellowish-orange to ochraceous-salmon, cinnamon-brown or olive-brown to yellow-brown. The flesh is pale orange-yellow to orange-buff or orange, and does not stain when exposed to air. The odor and taste are not distinctive. The pore surface on the underside of the cap is yellow to dingy yellow, or yellowish orange to salmon, darkening to brownish with age; it also does not stain when bruised. The pores are circular to angular, measuring 1–2 per mm and deep. The stem is long, thick, and either equal in width throughout or slightly enlarged in the lower portion. It is whitish to yellowish or pinkish-ochre, and has reddish-brown to dark brown glandular dots and smears on the surface. Glandular dots are made of clumps of pigmented cells, and, unlike reticulation or scabers (small visible tufts of fibers that occur on the stems of other "Suillus" species), can be rubbed off with handling. The flesh is ochraceous to yellowish, often salmon-orange at the base of the stem. The partial veil that protects the developing gills is initially thick, baggy, and rubbery. It often has a conspicuously thickened cottony roll of tissue at its base, and sometimes flares outward from the stem on the lower portion. It forms a gelatinous ring on the upper to middle part of the stem. The spore print is cinnamon-brown to brown. The surface of the cap, when applied with a drop of dilute potassium hydroxide (KOH) or ammonia solution (chemical reagents commonly used for mushroom identification), will first turn a fleeting pink color, then dark red as the flesh collapses.
The spores are smooth, roughly ellipsoid in shape, inequilateral when viewed in profile, and measure 7.6–10 by 3–3.4 μm. They appear hyaline (translucent) to yellowish in a dilute solution of KOH, and cinnamon to pale ochraceous when stained with Melzer's reagent. The basidia are somewhat collapsed, hyaline, and 5–6 μm thick. The cystidia are scattered, sometimes arranged in clusters (especially on the gill edge), usually with an ochraceous-brown content, but occasionally hyaline. They are club-shaped to somewhat cylindric and measure 34–60 by 10–13 μm. The cuticle of the cap is an ixotrichodermium—a cellular arrangement where the outermost hyphae are gelatinous and emerge roughly parallel, like hairs, perpendicular to the cap surface. These hyphae are hyaline and narrowly cylindric, measuring 1.4–3 μm in diameter. The stem surface is made of scattered bundles of caulocystidia (cystidia on the stem) that are brown or sometimes hyaline in KOH, club-shaped to subcylindrical bundles interspersed among hyaline cells. These bundles are underlain by a layer of gelatinous, hyaline, vertically oriented and parallel hyphae that are shaped like narrow cylinders. Clamp connections are absent from the hyphae.
Edibility.
The mushroom is edible, but removal of the slimy cap cuticle and partial veil is recommended to avoid possible gastrointestinal upset; similarly, the 1992 field guide "Edible Wild Mushrooms of North America" recommends the removal of the tube layer before preparation, as it can become slimy during cooking. Opinions about the quality of the mushroom vary. According to the book "Boletes of North America", it is "very good" with a "lemony" flavor. A Canadian field guide is more cautious in its assessment, and suggests that one would have to be brave to consume a mushroom with such a sticky veil. Mycologist David Arora, in his "Mushrooms Demystified", opines that it is not worth eating. Whatever its palatibility to humans, the mushroom serves as a habitat for larvae of mycophagous insects such as the muscid fly "Mydaea discimana" and the scuttle fly "Megaselia lutea".
Similar species.
"Suillus intermedius", found in northeastern and northern North America, is similar in appearance to "S. salmonicolor". It may be distinguished by a lighter-colored cap, cream to yellowish or pale ochraceous flesh, and a ring that is neither as thick nor as wide as "S. salmonicolor". It is also larger, with a cap diameter of up to , and its pore surface sometimes slowly stains reddish-brown when bruised. Although it has not been definitively established whether "S. cothurnatus" is a distinct species, several characteristics have been reported to differentiate it from "S. salmonicolor": a thinner, less rubbery veil that usually lacks a thickened cottony roll at the base; glandular dots on the stem that consist of bundles of multiseptate hyphae in a parallel arrangement ending in an even row of large, sterile cystidia (60–140 μm long) that resemble basidia; and small hyaline cystidia shaped like swollen bottles with narrowed bases. Other "Suillus" species with which "S. salmonicolor" might be confused include "S. acidus" and "S. subalutaceus". Both of these species have a less well-developed partial veil, and their flesh is a duller tone lacking yellow-orange tints.
Ecology, habitat and distribution.
"Suillus salmonicolor" occurs in a mycorrhizal association with various species of "Pinus". This is a mutualistic relationship in which the subterranean fungal mycelia creates a protective sheath around the rootlets of the tree and a network of hyphae (the Hartig net) that penetrates between the tree's epidermal and cortical cells. This association helps the plant absorb water and mineral nutrients; in exchange, the fungus receives a supply of carbohydrates produced by the plant's photosynthesis. Two-, three-, and five-needled pines have all been recorded to associate with "S. salmonicolor". In North America, the fungus has been found growing with "P. banksiana", "P. palustris", "P. resinosa", "P. rigida", "P. strobus" and "P. taeda". In Kamchatka (in the Russian Far East) it has been found in association with "P. pumila", in the Philippines with "P. kesiya", and in southern India with "P. patula". The northern limit of its North American range extends to eastern Canada (Quebec), and the southern limit to Nuevo León and near the village of Nabogame in Temósachi Municipality, Chihuahua, Mexico.
"Suillus salmonicolor" has been collected from the Dominican Republic in the Caribbean, Japan, Taiwan, and from Mpumalanga, South Africa. Because there are no native "Pinus" species in South Africa, the fungus is assumed to be an exotic species that has been introduced via pine plantations. It has also been introduced to Australia, where it is known from a single collection made in a plantation of Caribbean pine ("Pinus caribaea") in Queensland; the fungus has additionally been found growing with Caribbean pine in Belize. It is found in Hawaii under Slash Pine ("Pinus elliotii"), including lawns where those trees are used in landscaping. "S. salmonicolor" is one of several ectomycorrhizal species that have "traveled the thousands of kilometers from a mainland to Hawaii in the roots and soil of introduced seedlings."

</doc>
<doc id="30955596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955596" title="Empty Sky (memorial)">
Empty Sky (memorial)

Empty Sky is the official New Jersey September 11 memorial to the state's victims of the September 11 attacks on the United States. It is located in Liberty State Park in Jersey City at the mouth of Hudson River across from the World Trade Center site. Designed by Jessica Jamroz and Frederic Schwartz, it was dedicated on Saturday, September 10, 2011, a day before the tenth anniversary of the attacks.
Design.
The design was chosen by unanimous vote of the Families and Survivors Memorial Committee, out of 320 qualified entries in the international design competition. The memorial is dedicated to New Jersey's "746 innocent loved ones who were violently and senselessly murdered that day at the World Trade Center as well as in 1993, the Pentagon and in Shanksville, PA. The New Jersey 9/11 Memorial Foundation has stated that the goal of this memorial is to "reflect the legacies of those whose lives were lost, that their unfulfilled dreams and hopes may result in a better future for society. Their unique qualities and characteristics enriched our lives immeasurably and through this memorial, their stories live on.
The memorial includes twin walls, transecting a "gently sloped mound anchored by a granite path that is directed toward Ground Zero. Two 30-foot-high rectangular towers stretch 208 feet, 10 inches long — the exact width of the World Trade Center towers, the proportion of the walls a symbolic representation of the buildings as if they were lying on their sides. The name of each of the 746 victims is etched in stainless steel in 4-inch-high letters. A granite passage is oriented to face the site of the twin towers. The name of the memorial is taken from the Bruce Springsteen song "Empty Sky", which is about the "empty sky" where the towers once stood.
Frederic Schwartz, who co-authored the design with Jessica Jamroz, stated that he "listened to the needs and aspirations of the victims' relatives, friends and co-workers," and did not arrive "with a preconceived aesthetic approach." Schwartz who, along with Jamroz, also created "The Rising," the Westchester County, New York September 11 memorial, stated that "You start over each time...You do serious research, delve into the site, into the problem."
Some observers are noting that the memorial is "reminiscent of Maya Lin's Vietnam War memorial in Washington," with its walls filled with names, listed within easy reach and engraved deeply enough to make hand rubbings possible, but one of the many differences between that design and this one will be the way the memorial visually connects New Jersey with the skyline of New York - with the memorial walls symbolic of the felled twin towers across the Hudson River.
Controversy.
Plans for the memorial were met with some controversy, and a non-profit advocacy group for Liberty State Park called "Friends of Liberty State Park" (FOLSP) filed a lawsuit to halt the project. The group stated that the memorial would block "panoramic Manhattan views," and that it should not be built or should be relocated to an area near the 750-tree "Grove of Remembrance," an existing memorial to 9/11 victims. In addition to the concern that the views of Manhattan would be blocked, Sam Pesin, president of FOLSP, stated that the "main message" the group wanted to make clear is that "the governor, in this severe economic crisis, is wasting...taxpayers' money." 
Pesin's father, Sam, was one of the park's original founders, in 1976. 
Some of those in favor of the memorial called the action of the FOLSP a "frivolous lawsuit," and in November 2009 the Appellate Division of New Jersey Superior Court ruled in favor of the state's plans for the memorial. A spokesperson for Governor Jon Corzine said the memorial that will be erected is the "result of an open public process," and Andrew Pratt, a spokesperson for the New Jersey Department of Treasury, said in 2010, shortly before the 9th anniversary of the attack, that the state was moving forward "aggressively" to ensure the memorial would be completed by the 10th anniversary in September 2011.
Construction.
Funding for the memorial was provided by the state, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and the New Jersey Building Association
Construction bids twelve million dollars higher than the projected cost of the memorial (due to the international spike in the price of stainless steel) resulted in a construction delay in 2007.
Construction began in May 2009, with a push to complete the memorial by August 15, 2011, in time for its scheduled September 11, 2011 dedication. Although the inside of the walls remained stainless steel, changes to the original design include a plan to use "architecturally finished concrete" for the outside surfaces, so that it will look more attractive than the "flat, drab coating of most concrete finishes."
Dedication.
Dedication ceremonies took place September 10, 2011 and were attended by a number of notable political figures, including Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey, five former governors of the state, presidential advisor John O. Brennan, Senators Frank Lautenberg and Robert Menendez and family members of those whose names are enscribed on the monument.

</doc>
<doc id="30955607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955607" title="Ainmean-Àite na h-Alba">
Ainmean-Àite na h-Alba

Ainmean-Àite na h-Alba (; Gaelic Place-Names of Scotland) is the national advisory partnership for Gaelic place names in Scotland. Ainmean-Àite na h-Alba are based at Sabhal Mòr Ostaig on Skye.
History.
Ainmean-Àite na h-Alba began as the Gaelic Names Liaison Committee, established in 2000 by the Ordnance Survey to improve consistency in Gaelic names on their mapping products. The committee expanded to become the Ainmean-Àite na h-Alba partnership in 2006.
Functions.
Ainmean-Àite na h-Alba research and agree on place names, using local knowledge, historical sources and the principles of the Gaelic Orthographic Conventions. These names are used by local councils, roads authorities and the Ordnance Survey for signs and maps. AÀA are also producing a National Place-Names Gazetteer, which includes an online database. This gazetteer was launched in August 2010, and contains over 1000 entries.
Partnerships.
The partners are Argyll and Bute Council, Bòrd na Gàidhlig, Comhairle nan Eilean Siar, Comunn na Gàidhlig, Highlands and Islands Enterprise, Ordnance Survey, Scottish Natural Heritage, Scottish Place-Name Society, Highland Council, the Scottish Government, the Scottish Parliament and the University of the Highlands and Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="30955610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955610" title="Music Mountain Junior/Senior High School">
Music Mountain Junior/Senior High School

Music Mountain Junior/Senior High School was a junior and senior high school grades 7 through 12 in Peach Springs, Arizona, established in 2001. It was part of the Peach Springs Unified School District, which currently does not have a high school.
It was a former member of the Arizona Interscholastic Association, staying in its records through 2005. In that year, it enrolled 50 students in grades 9 through 12.

</doc>
<doc id="30955612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955612" title="Michel Kettenmeyer">
Michel Kettenmeyer

Michel Kettenmeyer (born 7 February 1989) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for FC Differdange 03, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="30955618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955618" title="Psalter alphabet">
Psalter alphabet

The Psalter alphabet is an abjad which was used for writing middle Persian on paper, it is thus described as one of the Pahlavi scripts. It was written right to left with dots for word division.
It takes its name from the Pahlavi Psalter, part of the psalms translated from Syriac to middle Persian and found in what is now western China.
[http://www.omniglot.com/images/writing/pahlavi.gif]

</doc>
<doc id="30955634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955634" title="Stone and Stone">
Stone and Stone

Stone and Stone is an American comedy duo consisting of twin brothers, Adam and Todd Stone (born on March 22, 1983).
Life and career.
Personal life.
Adam and Todd Stone were born in New York City. They attended Wesleyan University together and graduated in 2005.
Career.
While at Wesleyan University, the brothers developed a variety show combining their individual performance skills into a single act. During their sophomore year, the brothers gave their first performance as "Stone and Stone".
Online Series.
Adam and Todd Stone portrayed recurring roles as The Henchman in "Penelope Princess of Pets", a comedic online series developed by the comedy duo of Kurt Braunohler and Kristen Schaal, which also includes a theme song written and performed by comedian/musician Reggie Watts. This web series consisted of 3- to 5-minute webisodes for comedy website Super Deluxe. Penelope premiered online in March 2007, with nine webisodes released. It was picked up soon after to be adapted into a television show for United Kingdom broadcaster Channel 4.
Comedic short films/commercials/television.
The Stones have made numerous comedic short videos featured on the web. With highlights including work for Comedy Central's Atom TV. They also starred as principals in a national Verizon FiOS commercial.
The Stones have appeared on NBC’s "Last Comic Standing", where they reached the semi-final round in Las Vegas.
Live performances.
The Stone twins have performed in many of the largest comedy clubs in the U.S., including Carolines on Broadway, Gotham Comedy Club, The Laugh Factory, New York Friars' Club, Stand-Up NY and the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre. Each month, the Stones host the long-running live show, Stone and Stone, at the Peoples Improv Theater.
Awards & recognition.
The Stones are both members of the New York Friars' Club. In February 2008, judges Steve Schirripa and Richard Belzer selected "Stone and Stone" to advance to the "Last Comic Standing", Season 6, semi-finals in Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="30955639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955639" title="Billy Bernard">
Billy Bernard

Billy Bernard (born 9 April 1991) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for CS Fola Esch, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="30955674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955674" title="Tom Laterza">
Tom Laterza

Tom Laterza (born 9 May 1992) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays in Luxembourg for CS Fola Esch, as a defender.
Career.
Laterza has played club football in France for Sedan B since 2009.
He made his international debut for Luxembourg in 2009, and has appeared in UEFA European Football Championship and FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
In 2012 he moved to the Luxembourg National Division club CS Fola Esch. 

</doc>
<doc id="30955697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955697" title="Microplitis croceipes">
Microplitis croceipes

Microplitis croceipes is a braconid wasp native to Georgia. It is an important parasitoid of the caterpillars of "Helicoverpa zea" (formerly called "Heliothis zea") and of "Heliothis virescens". 
"M. croceipes" uses its antennae to detect the odor of caterpillar feces. The wasp deposits a single egg inside the caterpillar; as the wasp larvae mature they feed on the caterpillar, which weakens and dies after the larvae emerge and pupate. Adult wasps emerge from their cocoons about a week after cocoon formation. 
Because the olfactory system of "M. croceipes" is linked to its taste receptors, wasps can be trained to respond to the smell of an arbitrary chemical if the smell is repeatedly presented in association with food (sugar water or corn borers). The smell of "food" triggers a characteristic pattern of activity, a short-range host-seeking response. Researchers have said that "M. croceipes" has great potential for use as a biological sensor "due to its ability to be conditioned, respond and discriminate target odors from background odors." The Wasp Hound "portable nose" device depends on trained "M. croceipes" as its biosensor. 

</doc>
<doc id="30955717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955717" title="Jérôme Bigard">
Jérôme Bigard

Jérôme Bigard (born 16 February 1985) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for FC UNA Strassen, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="30955726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955726" title="Dar Tucker">
Dar Tucker

Darquavis "Dar" Tucker (born April 11, 1988) is an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball at DePaul University.
In both 2010 and 2011, he won the D-League Slam Dunk Contest and was named the D-League's Most Improved Player in 2011.
For the 2011–12 season, he played Aix Maurienne Savoie Basket of France. He returned to Aix Maurienne for 2013–14.

</doc>
<doc id="30955747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955747" title="Ante Bukvić">
Ante Bukvić

Ante Bukvić (born 14 November 1987) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for FC Differdange 03, as a defender.
Born in Zadar, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia, he has been playing football for Luxembourg national football team since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30955751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955751" title="2006 Croatia Open Umag">
2006 Croatia Open Umag

The 2006 Croatia Open Umag was the 17th edition of the Croatia Open Umag tennis tournament. The tournament was held on July 24–30.
Guillermo Coria was the defending champion but lost in the first round. Stanislas Wawrinka won his first title of the career after Novak Djokovic retired with breathing problems in the tiebreak of the first set.

</doc>
<doc id="30955775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955775" title="Minuscule 832 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 832 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 832 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A127 (von Soden), is a 10th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript has no complex contents.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of John, and Catholic epistles, on 251 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in two columns per page, 37 lines per page.
It has some lacunae (in Luke and Jude 3-25).
It contains a commentary to the Catholic epistles.
Text.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
It was not examined by Claremont Profile Method.
History.
Gregory dated the manuscript to the 14th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
The manuscript was examined and described by Angelo Maria Bandini.
Formerly it was designated by 832e and 143a. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (832e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Laurentian Library (Plutei VI. 5), in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="30955781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955781" title="Olga Šikovec-Luncer">
Olga Šikovec-Luncer

Olga Šikovec-Luncer (née Šikovec, born 17 January 1933 in Trbovlje) is a former Croatian track athlete. She competed for the former Yugoslavia in the 1960 Summer Olympics in the 100 m and 200 m sprint events.

</doc>
<doc id="30955782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955782" title="List of plays by Nestroy">
List of plays by Nestroy

This is a complete list of the plays of the Austrian singer-actor-playwright Johann Nestroy (1801–1862).
Genres.
Out of the 83 recorded works of Nestroy, a total of some 56 were designated as some form of "", meaning a farce or 'broad comedy', including 32 "Possen mit Gesang" (farce with singing). There are eight "Parodien", or parodies (two of them also designated as "Possen"), plus two "Burlesken" and one 'Travestie'). There are 6 "Zauberspiele" and 4 Quodlibet, 2 "Vorspiele" (prologues) and also one each of the following: "Dramatisches Gemälde" ('dramatic picture'), "Historisch-romantisches Drama" ('historical-romantic drama'), Intermezzo, "Komische Szenenreihe" ('comic parade'), Operette, and "Schwank" ('humorous story').

</doc>
<doc id="30955783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955783" title="Stefano Bensi">
Stefano Bensi

Stefano Bensi (born 11 August 1988) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for Fola Esch, as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="30955810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955810" title="Naby Twimumu">
Naby Twimumu

Naby Twimumu (born 24 August 1990 in Congo) is a Luxembourgian international footballer who plays for CS Muhlenbach Lusitanos. 
Career.
Twimumu has played club football in Belgium for Jeunesse Arlonaise and in Luxembourg for FC Swift Hesperange. The striker left in January 2011 FC Swift Hesperange and joined on loan to CS Muhlenbach Lusitanos.
International.
He won his only senior cap for Luxembourg in 2008, coming on in the last minute against Saudi Arabia. He has also taken part in the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="30955813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955813" title="Tancrède Synave">
Tancrède Synave

Tancrède Synave was a French painter. He was born in 1870 and died in 1936. He is known for his portraits of women in the Parisian high society.

</doc>
<doc id="30955823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955823" title="Lauwaki">
Lauwaki

Lauwaki is the second largest village (after Viseisei) in the Vuda district, Ba Province in the Western side of Viti Levu, Fiji.
The village is inhabited by a tribe called the Yavusa Na Koi Vuda led by the Taukei Navitarutaru. The tribe is divided into 4 clans, or "mataqali," namely Navitarutaru, Nabasara, Tabua and Nakete, each clan with its own leader. Total population is 550 people in 98 households.
The true legend goes that Yavusa Na Koi Vuda's ancestors saw from Vuda, their village fortress, Lutunasobasoba's shipwrecked delegate, and rescued the ship's crew, taking them to Nabasagarua for refuge. Yavusa Na Koi Vuda's ancestors were the original rulers and inhabitants of this werstern part of Viti Levu and were very loyal to their leader, the Lei, a title bestowed upon any leader established many years before the arrival of the Lutunasobasoba family.
Years goes by the then LeiNabasara gave the title to Bogisa(Lutunasobasoba's descendant) the first Momo Levu of the Vanua of Vuda,giving all authorities,mystical powers,knowledge,water and land thus strengthening the position to become later Tui Vuda.
The history is very much alive with the people of Vuda but it is normally not talked about in open public.

</doc>
<doc id="30955828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955828" title="Suffosion">
Suffosion

Suffosion is one of the two geological processes by which subsidence sinkholes or dolines are formed, the other being due to collapse of an underlying cave or void, with most sinkholes formed by the suffosion process. Suffosion sinkholes are normally associated with karst topography although they may form in other types of rock including chalk, gypsum and basalt. In the karst of the UK's Yorkshire Dales, numerous surface depressions known locally as "shakeholes", are the result of glacial till washing into fissures in the underlying limestone.
Process.
Suffosion occurs when loose soil, loess or other non-cohesive material lies on top of a limestone substratum containing fissures and joints. Rain and surface water gradually wash this material through these fissures and into caves beneath. Over time, this creates a depression on the landscape of varying depth.
Examples.
The following sites are examples of sinkholes formed by suffosion:

</doc>
<doc id="30955835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955835" title="Joël Pedro">
Joël Pedro

Joël de Almeida Pedro (born 10 April 1992) is a Luxembourgian international footballer who plays for the Luxembourgish Champion F91 Dudelange, as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Luxembourg City, Pedro has played club football in France for Sedan B.
He made his international debut for Luxembourg in 2009, and has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
In 2012 he moved to Luxemburgish Champion F91 Dudelange 

</doc>
<doc id="30955861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955861" title="Marie-Abraham Rosalbin de Buncey">
Marie-Abraham Rosalbin de Buncey

Marie-Abraham Rosalbin de Buncey was a French 19th-century landscape, allegorical and figure painter.
Biography.
Marie-Abraham Rosalbin de Buncey was born in 1833 in Chatillon-sur-Marne, France. He studied at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris under Léon Cogniet. He exhibited his works at the Salon de Paris in 1879. The painter died in Paris in 1891. Marie-Abraham Rosalbin de Buncey is famous for his dark forest landscapes combined with bright clearings and bathing nude women and/or Venus in the style of Narcisse Virgilio Díaz.

</doc>
<doc id="30955874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955874" title="Kevin Malget">
Kevin Malget

Kevin Malget (born 15 January 1991) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for F91 Dudelange, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="30955899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955899" title="List of Montenegro international footballers">
List of Montenegro international footballers

This is a list of all football players that have played for national team of Montenegro.
Ordered alphabetically, followed by number of appearances and goals.
"Updated 29 December 2013."
Statistics.
"Updated: 15 February 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="30955909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955909" title="Arka Noego">
Arka Noego

The Arka Noego was a war pinnace in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth Navy that played an important role in two naval battles of the Polish–Swedish War (1626–1629). Small, fast and lightly armed when compared to the impressive man o' war galleons of the Swedish Navy, excellent leadership, a fine crew and aggressive marines combined to bring the "Arka Noego" into parity with her larger opponents. Major roles in two impressive victories followed in the fall of 1627. 
Battle at Hel, May 17, 1627.
The "Arka Noego" (“Noah's Ark”) was a 16 gun war pinnace that was built for the Polish Navy in 1625. Her Master was Magnus Wesman and her home port was Gdańsk, in the Polish-Lithuanian Complex. She saw significant action on more than one occasion.
On May 17, 1627, with the galleon Król Dawid Wodnik, (King David Aquarius), the "Arka Noego" engaged a squadron of the Swedish Navy in the vicinity of Hel, Poland. The two forces separated after a brief exchange of cannon fire. The next day, the "Arka Noego" was attacked by elements of a 24 ship Swedish Leba convoy. After a brief exchange of cannon fire, the much larger Swedish convoy broke through and sailed to Kolobrzeg. During the fight, one cannon on the "Arka Noego" blew up but caused little damage. After a few days, the Polish ships returned to the Wisłoujście squad after running the Swedish blockage of Gdańsk Bay. 
The "Arka Nuevo" was captured by the Swedish Navy, sometime in 1635 and her fate thereafter is unknown. 
Battle of Oliva, November 28, 1627.
"Arka Noego" was one of five war ships in the 2nd Polish Naval squadron that fought several larger Swedish man 'o war in the Battle of Oliva (Battle of Oliwa, Battle of Gdańsk Roadstead), on November 28, 1627. Ten Polish ships attacked a small Swedish fleet of six ships outside Gdańsk (Danzig) harbour, near the village of Oliva (Oliwa). The strong Swedish Navy maintained a blockade of the Baltic shore, especially Oliva harbor. Although the tiny Polish Navy of nine ships outnumbered the Swedish flotilla arrayed against them, only four ships were galleons outfitted for heavy combat. Furthermore, the Polish Navy was not battle hardened as was the experienced Swedish Navy which was a recognized European sea power. 
The ten ship Polish fleet was commanded by Admiral Arend Dickmann in the galleon "Sankt George" (Święy Jerzy) which was anchored at the Danzig roadstead. The Swedish squadron of six ships sailed from the Hel Peninsula. The less experienced Poles immediately took the attack to the Swedish squadron, an aggressive move that surprised the Swedes. The battle then split into two separate events. 1. The Polish flagship "Sankt Georg" (galleon, 400t, 31 guns), supported by the smaller "Meerwieb" ("Panna Wodna" -160t, 12 guns) attacked the Swedish flagship "Tigern" ("Tiger", 320t, 22 guns), that was commanded by Admiral Niels Stiernskold. Entangled together, the Polish marines boarded and captured the "Tigern". 2. The Vice Admiral's ship of the Polish Navy, the small galleon "Meerman" (Wodnik, 200t, 17 guns) attacked the larger Swedish Solen (Sun, 300t, 38 guns), whose captain blew up the ship, rather than let be captured. The remaining four Swedish ships fled and escaped pursuit. Both the Polish and Swedish Admirals were killed.
The Last Years of “Arka Noego”.
The Polish–Swedish War of 1626-1629 ended with the truce of the Truce of Altmark ( Stary Targ) that was signed on September 25, 1629. The Truce of Altmark favored the Swedes but it did return to the Poland-Lithuanian Commonwealth territories such as the southeastern region of Latgale that had been occupied since the 1625 invasion. The remainder of the Polish navy fleet was marked for transfer to Sweden. The ambitious Poland Lithuanian Confederacy King Sigismund III Vasa (English)- Zygmunt III Waza (Polish) - (June 9, 1595 – May 20, 1648 (reign 1566-1632) and the Catholic League (German), remained active and belligerent, particularly as Zigmund III Vasa wanted to revive his hereditary claim to the Swedish throne because he was a descendant of the House of Vasa, and had briefly been King of Sweden. The Polish flotilla sailed to Wismar, the famous Hanseatic League port, and took part in several skirmishes against the Danish and the Swedish Navies. In January 1632, Wismar was conquered by Sweden who remained in control of the city until 1903. 
The Treaty of Stuhmsdorf or Sztumska Wieś, was signed on September 12, 1635, between the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth and King Władysław IV Vasa (son of Zigmund III Vasa) and Sweden. Essentially, it was an extension of the Truce of Altmark. Sweden was willing to give up their conquests in Prussia if Władysław IV Vasa would renounce hiis claim to the Swedish crown, and Sweden could retain their conquests in Livonia. The peace between Poland and Sweden was also supported by French Cardinal Richelieu Meanwhile, Zigmund III Vasa gathered a new army of about 21,000 soldiers and he sent Gdańsk (Danzig) merchant (Jerzy Ossoliński) to gather up Polish allies in non-occupied Prussia. With the help of Georg Hewel, he bought ten merchant ships to be converted into warships, and established the 'Sea Commission' (Komisja Morska) - led by Gerard Denhoff.
The Polish flotilla sailed to Wismar, the famous Hanseatic League port, and took part in several skirmishes against the Danish and the Swedish Navies. In January 1632, Wismar was conquered by Sweden who remained in control of the city until 1903. “Arka Noego” was seized at that time and incorporated into the Swedish navy under the name “Vita Hunden”. The last mention of “Arka Noego” dates from 1636, when the vessel was sold into private hands and the subsequent fate of the ship is unknown. Denmark destroyed the remainder of the Polish fleet in 1637 without formally declaring war. 

</doc>
<doc id="30955916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955916" title="Théo Malget">
Théo Malget

Théo Malget (born 2 March 1961) is a Luxembourger former international footballer who played club football for FC Wiltz 71 and FC Avenir Beggen, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="30955937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955937" title="Bellevue Massacre">
Bellevue Massacre

The Bellevue Massacre occurred on January 3, 1997, 3:00 pm Pacific time, when Alex Baranyi and David Anderson lured Kim Wilson, 20, into a park to murder her. Afterwards, they entered her house and murdered Bill Wilson, his wife Rose Wilson and their other daughter Julia Wilson. Both were convicted and sentenced to serve four consecutive life sentences back to back without the possibility of parole.

</doc>
<doc id="30955967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955967" title="Ambulyx celebensis">
Ambulyx celebensis

Ambulyx celebensis is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae. It was described by Jordan in 1919, and is known from Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30955979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955979" title="Saskatoon Sanatorium">
Saskatoon Sanatorium

The Saskatoon Sanatorium was a tuberculosis sanatorium established in 1925 by the "Saskatchewan Anti-Tuberculosis League" as the second Sanatorium in the province in Wellington Park south or the Holiday Park neighborhood of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. In 1929 Saskatchewan became the first jurisdiction to implement universal free diagnosis and treatment of tuberculosis, leading to better control of the disease by the three sanatoriums in the Province (Fort San, Prince Albert Sanatorium and the Saskatoon Sanatorium).
With the development of antibiotics and vaccines for tuberculosis, the need for a sanatorium diminished. The last patient was discharged in 1978 and the sanatorium was closed. The Saskatchewan Anti-Tuberculosis League evolved into "The Lung Association of Saskatchewan" and focused on other respiratory conditions and prevention programs.
The building had deteriorated to the point where it was not cost-effective to retain it as a medical facility. This led the province to engage in a public consultation to determine if other uses for the building could be found. The building was demolished on August 1989. The grass bowl area in front of the building still remains as park land. The Bowerman House, used as the residence for the sanatorium superintendent, remains and was declared a municipal heritage property.

</doc>
<doc id="30955984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30955984" title="Jonathan Proietti">
Jonathan Proietti

Jonathan Proietti (born 17 July 1982) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for FC Progrès Niedercorn, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="30956001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956001" title="Ambulyx ceramensis">
Ambulyx ceramensis

Ambulyx ceramensis is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1921, and is known from Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30956023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956023" title="Ambulyx charlesi">
Ambulyx charlesi

Ambulyx charlesi is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae. It was described by Clark in 1924, and is known from Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30956024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956024" title="Qazi Ghulam Mustafa">
Qazi Ghulam Mustafa

Qazi Ghulam Mustafa (died c. 1123 AH / 1711 AD) was one of the prominent noblemen during the Mughal empire. He was entitled 'Kar Talab Khan' by Bahadur Shah I. He was Emir and belonged to Ferozepur Jhirka.
Biography.
Qazi Ghulam Mustafa (died ca 1123 AH / 1711 AD) was one of the prominent noble men during the Mughal empire.
Awards and honour.
He was entitled 'Nawab Kar Talab Khan' meaning "the seeker of challenges" in Persian by Bahadur Shah I
Bahadur Shah I also named as Shah Alam in his first Juloos (Parade) on 24 Jumada al-awwal appointed him as ‘Karoregiri’ of the royal treasure with an award of Khalat
Bahadur Shah I in his second Juloos on 9 Dhu al-Qi'dah awarded him Mansab Do Hazari (2,000), zaat wa sowar. In the same year on 15 Dhu al-Qi'dah, the king awarded him the responsibility of ‘Amanat’. He was also awarded 3,000 + 5,00 zaat wa sowar
Death.
He died on 20 Muharram 1129 AH/1716 and buried in Ferozepur Jhirka. In another book, his date of death is mentioned as last days of dhul Hijjah 1122 AH / 1710 AD. However, an epitaph from Ferozepur Jhirka, places the death of Kartalab Khan Bahadur, son of Shaikh Muhammad Asaf in AH 1123 (AD 1711)
Family history.
The family of Qazi Ghulam Mustafa came to India from Medina. His forefathers, Haji al Harmen Malik Hussain belonged to the family Ansar of Medina Munawwarah, was a prominent man and came to India with his son Bandagi Shaikh Khalil. They stayed in Delhi at Masjid Mahal. Both father and son were very distinguished scholars of many disciplines. Three sons were born to Bandagi Shaikh Khalil in Delhi. The elder son was Akhwand Mir, second was Mohammad Ammad and third youngest was Mohammad Zakaria. These three brothers were closely attached and ‘Ba’it’ by Qazi Shariah. These three brothers along with Qazi Shariah went to Mewat and settled there at Jhumrawat. In Jhumrawat near the mountain, they are buried near the grave of Qazi Shariah. 
The grandson of Akhwand Mir was Abdus Samad ibn Mohammad Nizam. Abdus Samad had two sons; elder was Bandagi Makhdoom Tahir who along with his Uncle Abu Mohammad son of Mohammad Ammad was settled in Ferozepur Jhirka and made it a big estate (riyasat). The other son of Abdus Samad, Mohammad Zain was later on settled in Sakras (Haryana).
Dewan Shaikh Asaf and his father Dewan Maskeen raised both name and fame. They were chief revenue officers of a province Mewat and were entitled Dewan by Mughals. Dewan Maskeen was the son of Imamuddin ibn Sadr Jahan ibn Adul Malik ibn Abu Mohammad ibn Mohammad Ammad ibn Bandagi Shaikh Khalil. Dewan Shaikh Asaf (also Idris) was married to Bibi Rabiya, daughter of Noor Munawwar Narkhi (ibn Mohammad Talib Narkhi ibn Ainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah). 
Qazi Ghulam Mustafa and Ghulam Husain were two prominent sons of Dewan Shaikh Asaf and Bibi Rabiya. The son of Ghulam Husain, Ali Akbar was also entitled by 'Khan', while the daughter, Sharfun Nisan was married to Syed Yusuf Ali Khan from 'Syed Sarai' of Rewari.
The son of Mohammad Zakaria was Pir Mohammad Najeeb was settled in Bahadurpur (Haryana). He was very famous religious sajjada. Shah Mohammad Hanif from Bahadurpur belonged to his descendent.
Marriage and children.
Qazi Ghulam Mustafa was married to Bibi Rasti (died Dhu al-Qi'dah 1147 AH / 1734 AD) daughter of Qazi Syed Rafi Mohammad.
Khan Zaman Khan Ali Asghar was his son. Nawab Khan Zaman Khan Bahadur Ghalib Jung 'Ali Asghar' was Mansabdar Punj Hazari (5,000) Emir and was posted first Khidmat Daroghgi Topkhana, a store of Armory (military) at Multan; Faujdar at Moazamabad; Naib Subahdar at Azimabad (Patna); and then Subahdar at Awadh during the reign from Farrukhsiyar to Muhammad Shah. The fort at Ferozepur Jhirka was built by him. He died in Shahjahanbad (Delhi) on 4 Zil Haj 1155 AH/30 January 1743. Fatima, the daughter of Qazi Ghulam Mustafa, was married to Abul Fazal, son of Ataullah ibn Noor Munawwar Narkhi.
It is interesting to note that where one of the daughters of Qazi Syed Rafi Mohammad was married to Qazi Ghulam Mustafa, another daughter Sahib Daulat was married to Islam Khan V.

</doc>
<doc id="30956041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956041" title="Gunner Wright">
Gunner Wright

Gunner Wright (born August 26, 1973) is an American film actor known for his role in the film "Love" and for "portraying" the face and voice of Isaac Clarke in the videogames "Dead Space 2" and "Dead Space 3". Wright raced motorcycles competitively until the age of 21 when he moved to Southern California. There he began working on Fox Television's "Fastlane" series and soon began a career in acting. He appeared in director Clint Eastwood's "J. Edgar" film.
Career.
Wright appeared in "" as a Secret Service Agent. In 2011, Wright starred in the 2011 film "Love" by director William Eubank. Wright played the main character, American Astronaut Lee Miller who becomes stranded aboard the International Space Station.
Wright also stars in "Dead Space 2" and "Dead Space 3" as protagonist Isaac Clarke, developed by Visceral Games and distributed by Electronic Arts. Wright attended the 2010 Comic-Con to promote "Dead Space 2" and meet with fans.
Variety described Wright's performance in "Love", saying "Wright, shouldering nearly a one-man-show burden, is gamely athletic, all-American and somewhat of a blank slate, like Kubrick's astronauts – until some unfettered personality begins to seep out." Ain't It Cool News also described Wright's performance of Captain Lee Miller: Gunner Wright carries a large load as the primary screen presence, and he does an excellent job of showing the deterioration of a logical man. Many films turn the loss of one's senses into a frantic, almost comically silly thing – whereas here, we watch bounce between skirting the edge of sanity, and reeling himself in – he's self-aware enough at times to see where things are going. You'd get the sense that most astronauts would handle a situation like this in a similar way.

</doc>
<doc id="30956055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956055" title="Evan Wynn">
Evan Wynn

Evan Wynn (June 20, 1962) is a Wisconsin politician and former legislator.
Born in East St. Louis, Illinois, Wynn graduated from Steeleville High School in Steeleville, Illinois. He then attended Murray State University, Parkland College, and later graduated from University of Wisconsin–Whitewater in 2009. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. He served in the U.S. Marines Reserve from 1980 to 1984, and the U.S. Army from 1986 to 2006. He is an Iraq War veteran, and a member of the National Rifle Association. Wynn was defeated in the general election held on November 6, 2012 by fellow member of the Wisconsin Assembly Andy Jorgensen. 

</doc>
<doc id="30956061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956061" title="The UTeach Institute">
The UTeach Institute

The UTeach Institute is a nonprofit organization created in 2006 in response to growing concerns about science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) education in the United States and interest in the secondary STEM teacher certification program, UTeach, started in 1997 at The University of Texas at Austin.
The UTeach Institute issued its first request for proposals to replicate UTeach in 2007. An initial cohort of 13 universities was selected to receive individual grants of up to $1.4 million each to replicate the program over a four-year implementation period from 2008 to 2012. A second cohort of 8 universities was selected for a 2010-2014 grant cycle, and a third cohort of universities is expected to begin implementation in Spring 2012. As of February 2011, excluding the original UTeach program at The University of Texas at Austin, 4,190 students currently were enrolled in UTeach programs at 21 universities across the country.
The UTeach Institute acts as the liaison between the original UTeach program at The University of Texas at Austin and individuals implementing the program on other university campuses. The Institute provides detailed technical assistance and support and hosts an annual conference in Austin, Texas focusing on issues of STEM teacher preparation, national and state STEM education policy, the UTeach program model, and UTeach replication. In addition to assisting the universities implementing UTeach, the UTeach Institute conducts ongoing evaluations of progress and fulfills reporting requirements to various funders.
The UTeach National Research Consortium is expected to become a central focus for the UTeach Institute as the first cohort of universities fulfills its final grant requirements in Spring 2012. The goals of this collaborative effort are to bring together researchers at The University of Texas at Austin and universities replicating UTeach to set policies and support robust, cross-site research agendas on STEM teacher preparation, UTeach program implementation, and national outcomes.
The UTeach Institute partners with corporations, foundations, states, and private donors to fund UTeach replication.

</doc>
<doc id="30956064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956064" title="Julia Green Elementary School">
Julia Green Elementary School

Julia Green Elementary School (commonly Julia Green, JGES) is a public school in Nashville, Tennessee, part of Metropolitan Nashville Public Schools. The school is named after Julia McClung Green, an educator and leader of Nashville’s and Davidson County's public schools. The school opened in the Fall of 1949 and currently serves kindergarten through the fourth grade.
The school is currently zoned to the Hillsboro Cluster, generally sending children who have completed the fourth grade to John Trotwood Moore Middle School and eventually Hillsboro Comprehensive High School.

</doc>
<doc id="30956066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956066" title="Rai Ladinia">
Rai Ladinia

Rai Ladinia is an Italian television channel broadcasting to people in South Tyrol and Province of Belluno. The channel is owned by RAI, the public broadcaster of Italy. The channel only broadcasts in Ladin audio.

</doc>
<doc id="30956114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956114" title="New Hampshire–Maine hockey rivalry">
New Hampshire–Maine hockey rivalry

The New Hampshire–Maine hockey rivalry, sometimes referred to as the Border War, is a men's ice hockey rivalry between the New Hampshire Wildcats and Maine Black Bears. The proximity of the two states, the success of the two programs, and their history in high profile games have caused one of the most intense rivalries in American college hockey. "College Hockey News" has ranked it as the seventh best Division I college hockey rivalry.
History.
The ice hockey teams of UNH and Maine first played in 1979. In the early 1990s Maine was dominant, winning 18 out of 19 games in one stretch. The rivalry came to a head in 1999. UNH and Maine played a two game series to finish the regular season at the Whittemore Center. UNH had to win the series to clinch the top seed in the Hockey East playoffs, and swept the two game series. The two teams met again a month later in the 1999 national championship. Although Maine took an early lead in the game, UNH came from behind to force overtime. Maine then won in overtime.
Though Maine leads the series, it has been relatively even since 1999. Three years after Maine's victory in the national title game UNH won its first Hockey East title with a victory over Maine. Maine gained revenge for this loss several weeks later, however, by defeating UNH in the 2002 Frozen Four. The series became very evenly matched for some time, before UNH became more dominant in the late 2000s and won 6 games in a row over two seasons. In 2012 Maine and UNH played in a Winter Classic type game and Maine won 5-4 in overtime at Fenway Park, after giving up the first 2 goals. Maine's ice hockey program has been more successful overall than UNH, having won two national titles and five Hockey East titles while UNH has won two Hockey East titles and has not won a national championship.
Traditions.
One factor that contributes to the intensity of the rivalry is the similarity of the two states. Fans of each program often work together and frequent the same restaurants in places such as Portsmouth, New Hampshire and Kittery, Maine. Though the two schools are apart, many Maine fans from southern Maine live closer to UNH's campus in Durham, New Hampshire than to the University of Maine's campus in Orono, Maine, ensuring a high turnout of Maine fans when UNH hosts Maine. The two programs also recruit many of the same potential players from New England, though there are often very few New Hampshire natives on UNH's team and few Maine natives on Maine's team.
In 1999 UNH began asking their fans to dress in white each time Maine traveled to the Whittemore Center in what they dubbed "White out the Whit" nights. The student tickets for these games sell out faster than any others. Maine supporters often refer to UNH as the "University of No Hardware" due to their lack of championships. During one series in Maine, Maine fans pelted visiting UNH fans with snowballs. UNH fans often raise the issue of NCAA violations committed by Maine under Shawn Walsh. They have also brought newspapers to the games to read while Maine's starting lineup is being introduced. The two schools have announced plans to move two of their games each year to the last week of the regular season.
In addition to ice hockey, UNH and Maine are considered rivals in basketball and football as well.
References.
http://bangordailynews.com/2012/01/07/sports/maine-unh-battle-at-frozen-fenway/

</doc>
<doc id="30956116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956116" title="1198th Operational Evaluation and Training Squadron">
1198th Operational Evaluation and Training Squadron

The 1198th Operational Evaluation and Training Squadron was a unit at Norton Air Force Base, San Bernardino, California from 1965 to 1972 which conducted the initial testing of C-130 Hercules transports modified for special operations under the project names of "Thin Slice" and "Heavy Chain" which led to the MC-130 Combat Talons, still a key component of Air Force Special Operations Command. Its initial commander was Lt. Col. Robert Marks.
History.
With the onset of operations interdicting supplies on the Ho Chi Minh Trail in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War, the need for aircraft specially modified for night missions became apparent, amongst other tasks. In 1964 Lockheed had modified six C-123B Providers for "unconventional warfare" under Project "Duck Hook" and then been tasked with adapting the C-130E when the "Duck Hook" aircraft proved inadequate for the newly launched MACV-SOG. Two C-130Es, "64-0506" and "-0507", c/ns 3990 and 3991, were transferred to "another agency" in December 1964, generally assumed to be the Central Intelligence Agency, and were "sanitized" (stripped of all identifying marks and plates to ensure deniability if the airframes were lost on discrete operations).
Modifications were made by Lockheed Air Services at Ontario International Airport, Ontario, California, and the aircraft were operated by the 1198th OE&TS out of Area II on the northeast side of Norton AFB, thirty miles east of Ontario.
In April 1967, two On Mark Marksman, civilianized A-26 Invaders, were transferred from Intermountain Aviation, an air service related the US Central Intelligence Agency, to Air America, another air service connected to the Agency. The official role of these aircraft as stated in the specifications provided to Air America from Intermountain in March 1967 was "Aerial resupply, low-level penetration." Both aircraft had been highly modified with a variety of navigation and other electronic equipment for this role.
Between June and October 1967, the first aircraft, re-registered from N900V to N46598, conducted low-level night time supply drops to CIA related forces in Laos during the so-called "Secret War". The program was discontinued because the aircraft was too fast for accurate drops even with the special onboard equipment, and looked too much like a type of strike aircraft known to operate in the theatre. This was cited as often causing forces on the ground to be wary of turning on their marking lamps. The aircraft was damaged on takeoff at Takhli Royal Thai Air Force Base after being transferred to Overseas Aeromarine, Inc. 
The second aircraft, officially re-registered from N800V to N67623, was intended for the same role but never used.
Both aircraft were initially painted in Insignia Blue, plus white trim areas outlined with black pinstripe that led the type to be nicknamed "the Blue Goose."
In the end, both aircraft were handed over to the 1198th OETS at Norton Air Force Base, San Bernardino, California, a unit known for alleged participation in agent dropping and other clandestine missions in Southeast Asia (Project Heavy Chain). The Squadron evaluated the two Marksman, but apparently found no use for them and scrapped both aircraft, which suffered from a chronic Invader issue of nose gear failure.

</doc>
<doc id="30956138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956138" title="Ruby Hill Terrain Park">
Ruby Hill Terrain Park

Ruby Hill Rail Yard is a ski and snowboard terrain park located in Denver, Colorado at the intersection of Platte River Drive and Jewell Avenue, in Ruby Hill Park near downtown Denver. Ruby Hill Rail Yard is made possible by Winter Park Resort, Denver Parks and Recreation, Christy Sports, Johnson Controls, Denver Water, Choose Outdoors, The North Face, Wahoo's Fish Tacos, Snowboard Outreach Society (SOS), and over 30 volunteers.
Description.
Ruby Hill Rail Yard opened in January 2007 and was the USA's first free terrain park in a downtown area. The park was created by Winter Park Resorts in an effort to attract urban youth to winter sports. It began as an experimental program and has since seen huge success. It attracted 3,000 youth and adults in its first year and became a model for other ski resort collaborations. The following season, the park attracted over 6,000 visitors. The city of Denver now qualifies the Ruby Hill Rail Yard as an annual park.
Park History.
The Ruby Hill Rail Yard is located in Ruby Hill Park, which covers 88 acres and was acquired in 1954. The park is named for the red stones that can be found in the nearby Platte River. Ruby Hill Park holds a high bluff that provides a wide view over Denver’s skyline, and which was used previously as a lookout by Native Americans.
Logistics.
In order for the Ruby Hill Rail Yard to exist, artificial snow must be made. Workers produce enough snow to cover about an acre of land. The snow is blown in January in hopes that it will last through the remainder of the winter months, weather permitting. Man-made snow is the most beneficial snow to use for this park because it melts at a slower rate than natural snow. The reason for this is that natural snow has a relatively low level of water content while man-made snow has a much higher level of water. This higher level of water content makes the snow more dense, which in turn makes it less susceptible to the sun. Ruby Hill is set up with Northeastern exposure, which reduces the amount of mid-day sun on the snow and allows the snow to last for weeks. 
It takes about one million gallons of water to cover Ruby Hill with 2–3 feet of snow. Once this snow begins to melt, the water simply returns to the surrounding vegetation. The City of Denver has agreed with Denver Water to reduce its summer consumption of water by an amount equal to what it takes to blow snow on Ruby Hill. Hence, no water is being wasted, only transferred.
Features and Hours.
Ruby Hill Park is open from 5 a.m. to 11 p.m. The rail yard remains open through the winter months until the artificial snow melts. This is made possible because Ruby Hill has lights that allow the hill to run at night. Ruby Hill has no lifts or T-bars, so you must hike in order to use the terrain park. There are seven rails that are featured in beginner, intermediate and advanced forms. There are also occasional events and contests that are held to promote Ruby Hill, such as youth programs run by Denver Parks and Recreation. In addition to the terrain park, other areas are designated for winter activities such as sledding.
Current Activity.
In a warm December in 2010, Ruby Hill was closed but it opened for the 2011 season through the months of January and February, as weather permits. The terrain park is free, open to the public, and is popular among skiers, snowboarders and people on sleds and inner tubes. In the 2011 season, Christy Sports is providing free ski and snowboard rentals 3 days a week to children ages 8 to 17, with parental permission. This service is available on Fridays from 3 to 8 p.m., Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m., and Sundays from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. 
In the summer, the park itself is home to an outdoor swimming pool, baseball fields and a handicap accessible playground, and is a popular site for summer picnicking and kite-flying.

</doc>
<doc id="30956140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956140" title="Ōhashi, Meguro, Tokyo">
Ōhashi, Meguro, Tokyo

Geography.
It borders with Komaba in the north, Aobadai in the east, and Ikejiri Setagaya in the west.
History.
Ōhashi was named after a bridge with the same name on the Meguro River. Formerly, the neighborhood was part of Komaba in the Village of Kamimeguro, District of Ebara. When address modernization was implemented in Japan, the neighborhood was planned to be named Aobadai 5-chōme and 6-chōme, but the residents hoped that it would be an independent neighborhood and thus it was named Ōhashi.
Prior to the end of the Second World War, land in the north of Ohashi, was used as the location of cavalry and logistics training facilities for the Imperial Japanese Army. High school sports facilities, public housing and the headquarters of the third division of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police now occupy this site.
Transportation.
Rail.
Commuter rail service is provided by Ikejiri-Ohashi Station on the Tokyu Den-en-toshi Line located in adjacent Setagaya.
Highways.
Elevated road infrastructure for Route 3 (Shuto Expressway) and at ground level, Route 246, dominates the streetscene of central Ohashi.

</doc>
<doc id="30956176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956176" title="1992 Scott Tournament of Hearts">
1992 Scott Tournament of Hearts

The 1992 Scott Tournament of Hearts Canadian women's national curling championship, was played at the Halifax Metro Centre in Halifax, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="30956181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956181" title="Canada Building">
Canada Building

Canada Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30956193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956193" title="Telarus">
Telarus

Telarus, Inc. is an American sales agency that holds contracts with many commercial voice and data telecommunications providers. Telarus consolidates the sales volume of hundreds of independent sales agents. As a "master agent", Telarus functions as the top layer in the two-tier distribution model that is prevalent in indirect sales of business voice and data services. Members of the Telecom Association voted Telarus the best master agent in 2008, 2009, and 2010, because of its ability to write software that eliminates manual labor from the sales process. 
Telarus carries contracts with the following business telecom providers: AT&T, ACC Business, Airband, AireSpring, Alpheus, Broadview, Cbeyond, CenturyLink, Charter Business, Comcast, Earthlink Business, Level 3 Communications, GTT, Integra Telecom, Masergy, MegaPath, Netwolves, NewCloud Networks, Nitel, Powernet, RealLinx, SuddenLink, TelePacific, Telnes, TelX, Time Warner Cable, tw telecom, West IP Communications, XO Communications, Windstream,
and Zayo.
History.
Telarus, Inc. was founded in June 2002 in Huntington Beach, California by Adam Edwards and Patrick Oborn. From the beginning, the focus of the company was to service commercial telecommunications clients faster, better, and more efficiently than anyone else. Not having any financial backing to speak of, Edwards and Oborn set out to build Telarus, Inc. on their own with only a belief in themselves and a hope that their savings accounts wouldn't run dry before operational income could pay the bills. To keep bills low, Edwards and Oborn initially operated out of a small apartment in hopes of one day moving into a "real" office.
Without outside financing or carriers referring new agents to them - combined with the entry-level commissions they were earning, Edwards and Oborn needed a new and unique approach. They decided to begin building the business simply, making sales on their own and re-investing the commissions they earned back into the company. 
Patrick Oborn generated leads using his web and search engine marketing skills on sites such as ShopforT1.com. Edwards followed up on each lead, contacted the T1 carrier for pricing, and complied each quote by hand, one at a time.
Realization of a New Business Model.
It didn't take long before Edwards and Oborn became bogged down with the slow and cumbersome process of gathering information for prospective customers. From his experience as the web master of Cognigen, Patrick Oborn recognized the potential of an automated sales process and he became convinced that he and Adam Edwards could do the same for commercial telecom pricing research. 
In 2003 Telarus put together an agent program that allowed agents of different skill sets to participate in the commercial sales process. Edwards and Oborn came up with the idea for "Lead Generator" agents who could specialize in Internet and offline marketing, "Product Specialists" who could focus on following up on the leads created by the Lead Generators, and GeoQuote, the world's first real-time T1 pricing software. 
By dividing up the sales process into 1) Marketing and 2) Follow-up/Consulting, along with software that allowed this process to take place - Telarus was able to create a system which could sift through hundreds of new leads a day without burdening agents with the task of researching and generating proposals for clients. Lead Generators attract new visitors to their sites using the GeoQuote real-time quote tool, and the Product Specialists receive the lead on the back end, after the prospect has seen pricing. Oftentimes customers will remove themselves from the system after learning that a T1 line is $250 – $700/month, a price many businesses can't afford to pay. This saves countless hours of productivity and allows Product Specialists, all who are paid solely on a commission basis, to focus their time on customers who qualify and are ready to purchase service.
Move to Utah.
After three years of operations in California, Telarus moved to Draper, Utah in 2004. Once there, new employees were hired to help maintain the technology that powers GeoQuote and the agent back offices, as well as agent sales support personnel that assist Product Specialists in their day to day sales activities. With these new employees, Telarus has been able to proactively find and recruit many top Master Agents, individual consultants, systems integrators, and VARs into the company. 
On May 20, 2011, Telarus changed relocated its headquarters to Centennial Plaza Tower in Sandy, Utah.
Revenue.
In 2012 Telarus agents turned in over $4,000,000 in new carrier contracts ($80.45M in total contract value) and is on track to sell over $4,800,000 in FY 2013.
GeoQuote Real-time Pricing Software.
Oborn and Edwards realized soon after getting into commercial telecom sales that, to achieve scale, automation of price quoting was required. In 2002, Oborn, who studied electrical and computer engineering at Brigham Young University, designed the initial concept for GeoQuote - a software that allows a user to access multiple carrier price options with a single search. In 2003 Oborn partnered with Aaron Lieberman to write the code that could compute pricing based upon loop distance (the distance from the customer's central office to the carrier point of presence) or through direct access to a carrier pricing API interface. 
In November of that same year, Telarus, Inc. filed for a United States provisional patent to protect the idea and coding architecture behind the GeoQuote concept. On September 30, 2004 Telarus filed the non-provisional patent application, which was accepted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office on February 24, 2009. GeoQuote is now protected by US Patent Number(s) 7,496,184 and 7,916,844
As of March 30, 2011, GeoQuote can provide pricing of the following telcom products: cable high-speed internet, business DSL, data T1, bonded T1, data DS3, wireless 3G, local voice / PRI, integrated voice/data, integrated SIP, long distance T1/DS3, and Ethernet over copper. Fiber maps have been subsequently added to allow Telarus agents to see the path the fiber takes in an effort to locate the availability of Ethernet broadband services for their clients.
Public License of GeoQuote.
On March 14, 2010, Telarus, Inc. launched a new web site for the public use of its GeoQuote software: www.CarrierQuoteShop.com. The site is powered by GeoQuote and financially backed by telecommunication carriers: XO Communications, ACC Business (a division of AT&T), AireSpring, Nitel, MegaPath, One Communications (recently acquired by Earthlink Business), TelePacific, and Windstream. The site requires registration and users can only see pricing for carriers that have approved access.
Hardware.
GeoQuote and the balance of Telarus' redundant network runs in Adobe Cold Fusion using a Microsoft Enterprise SQL server core from Telx data centers.
Media and Awards.
Telarus, Inc. has enjoyed many awards and recognition for its accomplishments in the telecommunications industry. Some of them include:

</doc>
<doc id="30956204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956204" title="Kotkandi">
Kotkandi

Kotkandi is a village of Kanchonpur union. The majority of the people live here under the poverty line.
Tareque live here from his childhood. His father name is Abdul jalil he is a banker and Mather name name is hoshne ara. Musharuf chairman also born in this village. He is very famous person. He already elected three terms. Both Hindu and Muslim live in this village majority are Muslims. Main cultural festive are eidul fitor and eidul azaha. The nature of people are very friendly and communicate each with other. It's a model village of manikgang district. It's not very a large.
Population :- 
political leader of kotkandi:- Musharuf Chairman, Shoriful Islam Sajol, Nasir Uddin, Tarikul Islam, Amjad Ahmed...
Banker :- Abdul jalil, Atiqur Rahman, Toufique, Mostafijur rahaman 
Teacher :- Alauddin, Moni, Mutahar, silam, 
Doctor :- Kohinur, Boshir. Nashir
Social workers :- Mohammad ali, siddikur Rahaman, Abdul jalil, Kanchon ali Member, Hozrot ali (late), Montu, Tareque, Shofikul Islam 

</doc>
<doc id="30956229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956229" title="Rotunda at Balmoral Beach, Sydney">
Rotunda at Balmoral Beach, Sydney

The Rotunda is located in Hunter Park at Balmoral Beach, Sydney. It was built in 1930 as part of the beach improvement program undertaken by Mosman Council. Overlooking the bay and close to Rocky Point Island, it is set in a very picturesque area. After its completion it was a very popular venue for brass band concerts for many years throughout the 1930s and 1940s. Today it is used for festivals, events and weddings and is an important historical landmark in Balmoral.
History of the surrounding area.
Hunter Park was originally part of the land on which Captain John Edwards built his stone house in 1839. A painting exists of the ruins of the stone cottage by artist Donald Commons. A link to the painting on the internet is given at this reference. The house was located at the bottom of what is now Mandalong Road. Captain Edwards lived there with his wife Elizabeth until his death in 1861. Edwards was a seaman in the whaling industry. In the early 1820s he had command of a ship called the Mercury. The Sydney Gazette tabulates his voyages on whaling expeditions throughout the 1820s. In 1825 his brig the Mercury was shipwrecked in New Zealand when he called in for provisions. A colourful narrative of the shipwreck and subsequent rescue is in the Sydney Gazette.
In the early 1860s his son John Edwards established a "pleasure ground" which he called Balmoral Gardens and it was from this that the present area was named. Balmoral Gardens was used by many people as the destination for a Club or group excursion. Numerous descriptions are found in the Sydney Morning Herald during the 1860s of a typical fun day that was enjoyed in the gardens. For example in 1862 a social group describes a forthcoming event in which they will take a steam boat to Balmoral Gardens and participate in activities such as foot races, cricket, jumping, throwing weights and quoits. They said that "Mr Edwards, the proprietor of the gardens will supply refreshments of all kinds at very moderate prices.". 
The Balmoral Gardens also catered for the general public and had a dance pavilion with a hired band. An advertisement was placed in the Sydney Morning Herald in 1864 (see picture on right) for an Easter Monday picnic. Unfortunately John Edwards died in 1871 at the age of 39 and there is little mention of Balmoral Gardens in the newspapers after this time.
In the early 1880s Livingston Hopkins established the Artist’s Camp at the northern part of Balmoral Beach near what now is Awaba Street. Other famous artists who were also at the camp during its forty-year existence were Julian Ashton and Henry Fullwood. In 1924 a large white building was erected at the northern end of Balmoral Beach called the Star Amphitheatre for the Order of the Star in the East, an offshoot of the Theosophical Society. It was demolished in 1951 and Stancliff flats (at 8 Wyargine Street) which is now a Heritage Listed building was constructed on the site.
Improvements made to Balmoral Beach.
During the 1920s major developments occurred at Balmoral. In 1922 the tramline was extended to the suburb bringing large crowds of people to visit the beach. The Council responded by undertaking the Balmoral Beautification Scheme. In 1924 the Esplanade was constructed and in 1929 the Balmoral Bathers Pavilion was completed.
In 1930 the Council decided to make more improvements to the beach. An article in the Sydney Morning Herald. outlines in detail the changes to be made. A shark proof net was to be introduced, the esplanade was to be extended and lit and a bridge was to be constructed at Rocky Point which "was to make the Point accessible at all states of the tide". In addition a rotunda was to be erected. When mentioning the rotunda the newspaper stated.
Numerous notices were placed in the newspapers during the 1930s and 1940s for band concerts to be held at the Balmoral Beach Rotunda on Sunday afternoons and sometimes the evenings. A picture of an audience listening to one of these concerts is on the right.

</doc>
<doc id="30956234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956234" title="Battle of Al Kut">
Battle of Al Kut

The Battle of Al Kut was a coordinated Iraqi uprising, launched near the beginning of the Iraq War by Iraqi Shi'ite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr.

</doc>
<doc id="30956255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956255" title="Isobel Osbourne">
Isobel Osbourne

Isobel "Belle" Osbourne Strong Field (1858-1953) was Robert Louis Stevenson's step-daughter and sister of Lloyd Osbourne.
Biography.
Belle was born in Indianapolis to Samuel and Fanny Van de Grift Osbourne and married the artist Joseph Dwight Strong (1853-1899) in 1879, giving birth soon after to a son, Austin Strong (1881-1952). Austin went on to become a successful playwright. Joe Strong had a drinking problem, and Belle divorced him in 1892.
In 1914, she married her mother’s secretary (and possibly lover), the younger journalist Edward Salisbury Field, six months after her mother died. Field was only three years older than her son Austin. When oil was discovered on property owned by Field they became wealthy. In 1926 Field purchased Zaca Lake and surrounding land in the Figueroa Mountains near Los Olivos, California.
Isobel built an artists' studio there and the Field home became a popular meeting place for writers and actors. Isobel and her brother Lloyd wrote about Robert Louis Stevenson and their experiences in Samoa in "Memories of Vailima" (1902). Later Isobel wrote her memoirs in two books "This Life I've Loved" (1937) and "A Bit of My Life" (1951).

</doc>
<doc id="30956261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956261" title="Irena Orlov">
Irena Orlov

Irena Orlov (born Rozhanskaya, Irena, others surnames: Yasnogorodskaya) ( ; was born on April 19, 1942 in Saint Petersburg, then Leningrad, is a Russian-American pedagogue 
and piano teacher. Her current and former students include a number of children prodigies and celebrities
who credit her for being a significant force in their musical development.
Personal life.
Irena Orlov was born in Leningrad, USSR (now St. Petersburg, Russia) to a family of Abram Isaakovich Rozhansky, a prominent Jewish trial lawyer. In 1960-1970s, Rozhansky actively participated as a defender in a number of political trials known as anti-Jewish trials of 1969-1975. The family was active in the cultural life and in the circles of the Leningrad underground artistic community. Irena Orlov was close to such figures as Alexei Khvostenko, Mikhnov-Voitenko, Alexander Knaifel. Following the publication of Abram Rozhansky's "Anti-Jewish Trials in the Soviet Union", Irena's staying in the USSR became problematic.
She was a friend of Leonid Aronzon,(1939–1970) and Elena Schwartz (alt. spelling: Schvarts)(1948–2010), Russian poets. Following the death of Leonid Aronzon, Irena was instrumental in arranging a secret transfer of the Aronzon's archive outside of the USSR. Later she became the keeper of the archive (till 1993).
She and poet Elena Schvarts made possible the first significant publication of L. Aronzon's collected poems in Israel ("Maler" publishers). 
In 1993 she returned the archive to the poet's brother Vitaly Aronzon, whom she considered the poet's rightful heir after the death of his wife Rita Purishinskaya.
In 1960 - 1980 Irena was a close friend and supporter of Boris Ponizovsky (1930–1995) :ru:Понизовский, Борис Юрьевич, a reformer and theorist of theater.
Irena was married to Henry (Genrikh) Orlov (1926–2007), a musicologist and philosopher, the author "A Tree of Music", a fundamental work on the philosohy and cultural aspects of music.
Professional life.
Orlov was trained at School of Music of Leningrad Conservatory. One of her teachers was then famous and prolific pedagogue Marianna Freindling. Orlov showed interest in teaching piano with noticeable success at age 15, when she was still in high school. She entered Saint Petersburg Conservatory and graduated in 1970 and established her name as a free spirited and very efficient teacher of music. She taught at a children's school of music and performed in The Ensemble of Period Instruments under Andrey Boreyko. 
In 1980 Orlov moved to Israel, where she continued teaching. She also developed musical therapy methods which she used as a therapist in psychiatric hospitals. She showed publicly the effectiveness of her musical therapy for patients with dementia and deep depression. In 1986 Orlov moved to the USA. She joined the faculty of the Levine School of Music in Washington, DC. For more than 20 years Orlov has produced students consistently winning in a variety of young musicians' competitions, many of whom continued their education in leading conservatories of music of the world, including Juilliard School, St. Petersburg Conservatory, Royal Conservatory of the Hague and many others. She enjoys considerable recognition from the faculty members and musicians associated with those schools.
Her notable former students include Sam Post, Edward Neeman, Zak Sandler and Leo Svirsky.
Notable mentions and recognition.
Irena Orlov is mentioned a number of times in connection with the L. Aronzon's poetry
Elena Schvarts dedicated her poem "David in Dance" to her.
In 2007 "Reaching Beyond", a documentary summarizing her unusual insight and skill in teaching music to children was produced by a group of enthusiasts.
A Russian website dedicated to learning English published a practice dialog in both English and Russian where the student is talking about Irena Orlov, his piano teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="30956317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956317" title="Brad Moore">
Brad Moore

Bradley Alan Moore (born June 21, 1964) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="30956353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956353" title="Gary Wilkinson (basketball)">
Gary Wilkinson (basketball)

Gary Kristopher Wilkinson (born October 2, 1982) is an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball at Utah State and has played previously for professional teams in Greece, South Korea, New Zealand, Estonia and Puerto Rico.
Early life.
Wilkinson was born in Salt Lake City and grew up in South Jordan, Utah. At Bingham High School, Wilkinson was cut from the basketball team and dropped out his senior year; he told "ESPN The Magazine": "I really didn't have any goals. I didn't have any ambition to play college basketball, didn't have any ambition to go to the Utah State university at all. I just sat around and partied with my friends." One of Wilkinson's friends committed suicide eight months after Wilkinson quit school; a friend of that friend recommended The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints for Wilkinson. Eventually, Wilkinson earned his GED, went on a two-year mission in Alberta, Canada, and enrolled in Salt Lake Community College. Recalling his missionary work in Canada, Wilkinson said in an interview with the "New Zealand Herald": "Sometimes it was so cold I actually couldn't speak because my jaw was frozen. We had to write with pencils as the ink in the pens would freeze." Wilkinson now shares his life story with youth groups and schools.
College career.
Salt Lake Community College.
For two seasons (2005–2007), Wilkinson played for the Salt Lake Community College basketball team. He averaged 18.5 points and 8.1 rebounds per game and shot 60.2 percent from the field and 74.2 percent from the free throw line. Coach Norm Parrish was skeptical at first after Wilkinson called him for a tryout but was impressed enough to invite Wilkinson to the team. Wilkinson's awards during his time at SLCC include the Scenic West Athletic Conference First Team (2006, 2007) and NJCAA All-American Third Team in 2006. With a 3.96 grade point average, he also was on the NJCAA Academic All-American Team after his first season.
Utah State.
Wilkinson played for the Utah State Aggies from 2007 to 2009. His first season, he scored an average 13.3 points per game and shot 58.4 percent from the field and made 81.5 percent of his free throws along with 7.0 rebounds per game. As a senior, and the only senior in his team, Wilkinson averaged 17.3 points and 7.3 rebounds per game. Utah State won the WAC Men's Basketball Tournament in 2009 after beating Nevada 72-62. For that game, Wilkinson scored 21 points. However, in the first round of the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship, Utah State lost to Marquette 58-57. Wilkinson scored 15 points and made four rebounds and missed a three-pointer when Utah State was trailing 57-54. 
Wilkinson graduated from Utah State in 2009 with a "summa cum laude" degree in sociology and was Sociology Outstanding Student of the Year. In August 2009, Wilkinson became the first Utah State student-athlete to win the Stan Bates Award for top academic achievement. He was also Western Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year for 2009. 
Scott Powers, in a profile of Wilkinson for "ESPN The Magazine", commented: "...the fact he's 26-years-old, dropped out of high school after never playing basketball there, found God, spent two years in Canada on a mission, is married and is the lone senior on the 25-2 nationally ranked Aggies is what "really" separates him from every other elite college basketball player."
Professional career.
In July 2009, Wilkinson signed with the Korean Basketball League team Wonju Dongbu Promy. He averaged 15.9 minutes, 9.2 points, and 4.1 rebounds per game, and Dongbu cut Wilkinson in November 2009. Wilkinson signed with the Greek team Peristeri BC; among his teammates at Peristeri was former Utah State player Spencer Nelson.
The Australasian National Basketball League team New Zealand Breakers signed Wilkinson in August 2010. With the Breakers, Wilkinson scored in double-digit figures for 13 straight games by February 2011 and played the most minutes overall.
Wilkinson was named Player of the Month for January 2011, averaging 20.3 points per game, shooting the ball at 61% from the field and 42% from the perimeter. He also made 82% of his freethrows and averaged 8.0 rebounds per game, and was later named to the All-NBL First Team (alongside teammate Kirk Penney). With a 71-53 victory over the Cairns Taipans in the third game of the NBL Grand Final on April 29, 2011, the Breakers became the NBL champions of the 2010–11 season. Wilkinson scored 13 points and made six rebounds.
On August 2, 2011, Wilkinson re-signed with the Breakers on a one-year deal.
On May 6, 2012, Wilkinson played his first game in Puerto Rico for the Vaqueros de Bayamón. Later that year, he signed with BC Kalev/Cramo of Estonia for the 2012–13 season. He then joined Indios de Mayagüez for the 2013 BSN season.
On October 28, 2013, Wilkinson re-signed with the New Zealand Breakers for the remainder of the 2013–14 season after the Breakers started the season 1-3. Following the conclusion of the NBL season, he re-joined Indios de Mayagüez for the 2014 BSN season.
Personal life.
In June 2006, Wilkinson married Utah State volleyball player Jessica Petersen. He and his wife have two children: a son Jordan and a daughter Eva.
Wilkinson wants to attend law school after his basketball career and lives in Logan, Utah during off-seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="30956356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956356" title="Efterskole">
Efterskole

The Efterskole (literally ""afterschool"") is a unique Danish independent residential school where students from the ages of 14 to 18 can choose to spend one, two or three years to finish their primary education. Presently some 28.500 students attend one of the app. 260 schools throughout Denmark. The schools are open to students from abroad.
Usually the Efterskole offers different "study lines" where a certain sport/performance is being focused upon, such as soccer, golf, dancing, music etc.
That particular line offers practice and training of a professional level.
Common educational purpose.
Each Efterskole is a self-governing independent institution and they all deal with both the educational and personal development of the students. They embrace a common educational focus on enlightenment for life, general education and democratic citizenship.
Freedom of the Efterskole.
Compared to public schools the Efterskole has substantial freedom in terms of e.g. choice of subjects, teaching methods and educational approach. These vary in accordance with the school’s political, religious or pedagogical orientation. 
Freedom of the Efterskole is assured by substantial state subsidies to both schools and students.
History.
The first “Efterskole”s were founded in the 1860s. The schools were closely related to the Danish Folk High School and the educational ideas of N. F. S. Grundtvig (1783–1872) who wanted schools to provide enlightenment for life rather than formal vocational training.

</doc>
