<doc id="31126115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126115" title="Trypt0fanatic">
Trypt0fanatic

Trypt0fanatic is the third album from the Kidneythieves, released on July 20, 2010. The physical CD is only being distributed independently through the band's official website. There have been 5 bonus tracks digitally released only during 2010-2011. These include "Light Deceiver" (originally a free pre-order), "Tears On A Page Acoustic", Jude (Be Somebody) , and 2 remixes of "Lick U Clean", one by Beat Ventriloquists (included when you purchase a selected Tee or Tank from the KT Store), and the other by KMFDM.
References.
Trypt0fanatic page on the official website

</doc>
<doc id="31126152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126152" title="Sky Landscape">
Sky Landscape

Sky Landscape is a sculpture by Louise Nevelson.
It was commissioned by the American Medical Association, dedicated on March 10, 1988, and is located at 1101 Vermont Avenue, N.W. Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="31126157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126157" title="St Francis Xavier School">
St Francis Xavier School

St. Francis Xavier School is a coeducational, voluntary aided school situated on Darlington Road, Richmond, North Yorkshire, England. It is a joint Roman Catholic and Church of England school, serving young people aged 11-16 from both denominations and other backgrounds. 

</doc>
<doc id="31126171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126171" title="Carlos Johnny Méndez">
Carlos Johnny Méndez

Carlos J. "Johnny" Méndez Núñez is a politician from Fajardo, Puerto Rico. He represents District 36 in the Puerto Rico House of Representatives and assumed the role of Majority Leader upon the resignation of Rolando Crespo as a member of the House in February, 2011.
Méndez is a supporter of statehood for Puerto Rico and is affiliated to the New Progressive Party (PNP).
Méndez, who studied law and resides in Fajardo, Puerto Rico, simultaneously chairs the Government Committee of the House. He is a member of the National Conference of State Legislatures and the National Hispanic Caucus of State Legislators.
Early years and studies.
Carlos Johnny Méndez Nuñez was born and raised in Fajardo. He graduated with honors from the Santiago Veve Calzada High School.
After graduating, Méndez was admitted to the University of Puerto Rico at Río Piedras where he completed a Bachelor's degree with a major in Labor Relations and a minor in Business Administration. He graduated in 1982, and continued studies in Law at the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico. He received his Juris doctor in 1986.
Public service.
Méndez began working in 1986 for the Municipality of San Juan, specifically for the Training and Employment Program, where he was in charge of writing service contracts, as well as the supervision of them. In 1987, he went to work for the Legal Division of the Medical Services Administration of Puerto Rico.
In 1989, Méndez was recruited by the Mayor of Fajardo, Aníbal Meléndez Rivera, to work as Director of the Office of Federal Affairs. After that, he occupied several positions within the City Administration.
Political career.
Méndez was first elected to the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico at the 2004 general election. During his first term, he served as President of the Commission of Employment and Labor Relations. He also served as Vicepresident of the Commissions of Law, Municipal Affairs, and others.
After being reelected in 2008, Méndez was appointed as President of the Government Commission. In February 25, 2011, he was elected by his colleagues as Majority Speaker, filling the vacancy left by Rolando Crespo.
Méndez was reelected for a third term at the 2012 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="31126186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126186" title="Aplio">
Aplio

Aplio was an Internet appliance maker located in San Bruno, California. They were a French startup that was founded in 1996. They were acquired by Net2Phone in 2000.
Their product Aplio/Phone is a device that allowed a standard telephone to communicate across the Internet. It was named Product of the Year by the "Internet Telephony" magazine. Version 2.0 was shipped in 1999. Aplio/Pro was an Internet telephony appliance with an embedded Linux kernel. It was named Product of the Year by "Internet Telephony" and "Communications Services" magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="31126201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126201" title="Grand Hotel Tripoli">
Grand Hotel Tripoli

The Grand Hotel Tripoli, also known as Al-Kabir Hotel or Al Kabeer Hotel is a hotel on Elfatah Street in Tripoli, Libya. The hotel was built in 1982 and designed by the British firm of Wakeman Trower & Partners Ltd. It replaced a smaller historic hotel, also called Grand Hotel Tripoli, which was demolished.
The hotel stands in an extensive open park which overlooks the harbor, not far from the Algerian embassy and Jamal Abd Alnaser Mosque. It has 350 rooms. It is noted for its many arches, inspired by the original building's facade, which form the basis of the structure. The hotel once had a propaganda poster on the outside of the hotel showed a crying child superimposed above a montage of the wreckage caused by the attack by the British.

</doc>
<doc id="31126215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126215" title="Mark McMorris">
Mark McMorris

Mark McMorris (born 9 December 1993) is a Canadian professional snowboarder who specializes in the slopestyle and big air events. He was the first ever to complete a backside triple cork 1440 and won back-to-back gold medals in the 2012 and 2013 Winter X Games in the slopestyle event. He competed in the slopestyle event at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, where he won a bronze medal, Canada's first medal in those Games.
Career.
McMorris competed at his first FIS Snowboard World Cup during the 2009–2010 season placing eighth in the big air event in Quebec City. He followed up with a World Cup victory in slopestyle in Calgary.
At the Winter X Games XV in Aspen, Colorado, he won a silver medal in the slopestyle competition finishing behind fellow Canadian Sebastien Toutant. He also won the 2011 World Snowboard Tour's Air & Style competition beating out Peetu Piiroinen, Werner Stock, and Nils Arvidsson in the final. McMorris is the first person in X Games history to score a 98.00 in snowboard slopestyle. McMorris achieved the score while defending his title in his final run at the 2013 Winter X Games. The medal had completed a double podium performance at the games where McMorris had also won the silver with his performance in the big air competition. This all occurred just several days after he won his first ever medal when he placed second at the 2013 FIS World Championships.
2014 Winter Olympics.
In the 2014 Winter X Games, McMorris placed 2nd behind fellow Canadian Max Parrot in the Slopestyle event. McMorris' hopes of a 3rd consecutive gold medal were dashed when he tripped on the rails, crashed, and fractured a rib during the 3rd and final run of the event. Despite the injury, McMorris still competed in the Winter Olympics in Sochi. As McMorris arrived in Sochi, he said he felt remarkably good, stating, "The amount of progress I've made since I broke my rib on Saturday has been unexplainable. I didn't believe I could be on this path, going this fast. At the same time, walking around an airport is different than going snowboarding and taking impact."
At the Olympics, McMorris fell on his first qualifying run and failed to make it through directly to the final with his score on his second run. In the semi's he managed to put up one of the top four scores in order to qualify for the final. There, he again fell on his first attempt. McMorris' second run was good enough to put him on the podium and win bronze. It was a tough couple of weeks for McMorris with his injury and a flood of different emotions. He said that "To get on the podium is just a dream come true. I can't explain this. I've just been through a roller coaster over these last few weeks."
Personal life.
McMorris was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, and is the son of Saskatchewan provincial politician Don McMorris, a grain farmer, and Cindy McMorris, a nurse. His older brother, Craig McMorris, is also a professional snowboarder. McMorris attended Dr. Martin LeBoldus High School. McMorris also competed in wakeboarding before devoting himself to snowboarding. He has several tattoos, including one of sheaves of wheat representing the province of Saskatchewan. McMorris is currently dating American surfer Coco Ho.
Other Snowboarders.
Mark McMorris has been seen riding with Torstein Horgmo, usually playing "Game of In Your Face", where usually two riders will play and one rider will have the other rider do a trick, if the rider isn't able to ride the trick, he'll receive a strike and usually after 2-3 strikes, the other rider will snowplow, shooting snow all over his face.

</doc>
<doc id="31126224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126224" title="Bedale High School">
Bedale High School

Bedale High School is a coeducational, community school situated on Fitzalan Road, Bedale, North Yorkshire, England.
The School's 2004 Ofsted Inspection Report rated the school for overall effectiveness as Grade 2 (good); in 2007 again as Grade 2; and in 2010, as Grade 3 (satisfactory). The School has instituted vertical tutoring and changes to the GCSE timetable.

</doc>
<doc id="31126262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126262" title="Emma Walton Hamilton">
Emma Walton Hamilton

Emma Walton-Hamilton (born Emma Katherine Walton, 27 November 1962) is an actress and an author of children's books. She currently works as an instructor for the MFA program at Stony Brook Southampton. 
Early and personal life.
The daughter of actress and singer Julie Andrews and set and costume designer Tony Walton. Her godmothers are actress/comedienne Carol Burnett, and prima ballerina, Svetlana Beriosova; her godfather is Vic Oliver. Walton-Hamilton attended UCLA Lab School, according to her mother.
Married to Steve Hamilton, the couple have two children: Sam (born 18 October 1996) and Hope (born 17 August 2003).
Career.
She briefly appeared as a child in Alfred Hitchcock's "Torn Curtain" (1966), sitting on Hitchcock's knee in his trademark cameo appearance (her mother had a leading role in the film). 
She has published over 23 books with her mother including "The Very Fairy Princess" and "Dumpy the Dumptruck". In 2011, their "Julie Andrews' Collection Of Poems, Songs, And Lullabies" won a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children. Her father has illustrated several books written by the mother-daughter duo. Her stepfather was director Blake Edwards, who was married to her mother from 1969 until his death in 2010.
She is the co-founder of Bay Street Theatre in Sag Harbor, New York. She was the theatre`s Co-Artistic Director and Director of Education and Programming for Young Audiences

</doc>
<doc id="31126288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126288" title="Richard Lahautière">
Richard Lahautière

Auguste-Richard Lahautière (1813–1882) (also known as Richard de la Hautière) was a French socialist, journalist and lawyer. He is commonly grouped with Théodore Dézamy, Albert Laponneraye, Jean-Jacques Pillot and others as belonging to the Neo-Babouvist tendency in French nineteenth-century socialism, which formed a link from the utopian communism of Gracchus Babeuf to Marxism.
Life.
Auguste Richard de la Hautière, who dropped his aristocratic-sounding 'de' and went by 'Richard Lahautière', was born in Paris on May 21, 1813. He was educated at the "Institution Saint-Victor" (now the "Lycée Chaptal"). In 1828 he won second prize in Latin composition and on that occasion had his portrait painted by the famous Eugène Delacroix. In 1835 he obtained a law degree and was called to the bar in Paris, but he was by then already more interested in political journalism.
Lahautière had become attracted to socialist ideas as a young man. At first he was interested in Saint-Simonism. He greatly admired Pierre Leroux, a former Saint-Simonian who became a noted socialist writer in the 1830s. Lahautiére was also attracted to the communist republicanism of Philippe Buonarroti and other followers of Babeuf. In the 1830s, Lahautière contributed to the journal "L'Intelligence" and to Albert Laponneraye's "Égalité", both devoted to the propagation of socialist, communist and republican ideas. In 1841, he founded his own paper, "La Fraternité". In 1840 he collaborated with the famous utopian communist Étienne Cabet in writing the pamphlet "Boulets Rouges". His best-known work was probably "De la Loi sociale" (1841), dedicated to Pierre Leroux.
Lahautière sympathized with the Revolution of 1848 but played no significant role in it. After the "coup d'état" of Louis Bonaparte in December 1851, Lahautière withdrew from politics and moved to Blois, where he practised law and published poetry. He died on June 27, 1882, at Vendôme. In his writings Lahautière combined republicanism and communism with a kind of holistic metaphysical materialism and a rudimentary class analysis of history.
Works.
Richard Lahautière's writings are not generally available in English. A selection of his French works includes:
"Études et souvenirs. Poésies." Paris, Rouanet, 1840.
"Petit catéchisme de la réforme sociale." Senlis, 1839.
"Réponse Philosophique à un Article sur le Babouvisme, publié par M. Thoré, dans le Journal du peuple.", Paris, 1840.
"Boulets rouges." (with Étienne Cabet), Paris, Fiquet, 1840.
"De la Loi sociale, Paris, 1841.
"Les Déjeuners de Pierre. Dialogues." Paris, 1841.
"Causerie sur Ronsard" Vendôme, 1863.
"Élégies de Tibulle." Vendôme, 1879.
"Rimes détachées." Vendôme, 1881.
"Première jeunesse, Illusions. - Dix ans après, Désillusions." Vendôme, 1882.
Sources and References.
Billington, J.H., "Fire in the Minds of Men: Origins of the Revolutionary Faith." New York, 1980.
Bravo, G.M., "Les Socialistes avant Marx." Two volumes. Paris, 1970.
Hecht, J., 'French Utopian Socialists and the Population Question: "Seeking the Future City".' "Population and Development Review", vol. 14, 1988, p. 49-73.
Maitron, J., and C. Pennetier (ed's), "Dictionnaire Biographique du Mouvement Ouvrier français." Paris, 1997.
Garaudy, R., "Les Sources françaises du Socialisme scientifique." Paris, 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="31126292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126292" title="2008–09 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2008–09 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2008–2009 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2008-2009 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, ice dancing, and synchronized skating across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Brisbane from 16 August through 23 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31126300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126300" title="American Bladesmith Society">
American Bladesmith Society

The American Bladesmith Society or ABS is a non-profit organization composed of knifemakers whose primary function is to promote the techniques of forging steel blades. The ABS was founded by knifemaker William F. Moran, who came up with the concept in 1972 when Moran was chairman of the Knifemakers' Guild and he introduced Damascus steel blades at an annual show; in 1976 he incorporated the organization and received non-profit status in 1985. 
ABS knifemakers forge blades as opposed to making them via the stock-removal method. ABS has developed a system of ratings designating whether a member is an Apprentice, a Journeyman or a Master smith. ABS has partnered with several colleges to offer courses in bladesmithing and has launched its own museum.
History.
Bill Moran had been elected chairman of the Knifemakers' Guild in 1972. At that time, there were less than a dozen practicing bladesmiths in America, and this number was decreasing, whereas the number of stock removal knifemakers was increasing. To remedy this, Moran unveiled 8 pattern welded blades at the 1973 show, dubbing them "Damascus Steel" and handed out a booklet on how to forge the steel to the knifemakers in attendance.
Within months, a handful of knifemakers began making Damascus blades: Bill Bagwell, Don Hastings, Michael Connor, and Sid Birt. By 1976 more than a dozen bladesmiths were making Damascus steel and on December 4, 1976, Moran wrote the by-laws.
In 1985, the ABS held its first hammer-in at Dubois, Wyoming in conjunction with the University of Wyoming. The following year it was moved to Washington, Arkansas in conjunction with Texarkana College. This campus had a replica of James Black’s blacksmith shop where during the winter of 1830-1831 James Bowie purchased a knife from Black. This hammer-in, named the Piney Woods Hammer-In, still occurs semi annually.
In 1988, the ABS established the criteria for Mastersmith and Journeyman. In 1991, Moran stepped down as president but the Society unanimously elected him “Chairman Emeritus”, meaning that he would serve on the board for the balance of his life. 
In 1988 on the grounds of Historic Washington State Park in Hempstead County, Arkansas, The ABS and Texarkana College founded a Bladesmithing School in collaboration with the Pioneer Washington Foundation and the Arkansas State Parks. The campus was located near where historians believe that James Black, created the Bowie knife. From 1988 to 2001, Bill Moran taught at least one class a year at the school from basic knife making to the forging of Damascus steel. Upon his retirement from teaching in 2001, the school was renamed the William F. Moran School of Bladesmithing. The American Bladesmith Society is now associated with Texarkana College in Arkansas, Haywood Community College in North Carolina, and the New England School of Metalwork in Maine which offer Bladesmithing courses taught by experienced ABS Master Smiths and Journeyman Smiths.
The ABS launched its own museum and Hall of Fame in Little Rock, Arkansas in 1995 in conjunction with the Historic Arkansas Museum. The first year inductions were held in 1996: James Black, Jim Bowie, Don Hastings, B. R. Hughes, William F. Moran, and William Scagel.
Ratings.
Apprentice.
Bladesmiths join the ABS as Regular members and are rated as Apprentice Smiths. After a three (3) year period as a member they may apply for the Journeyman test.
Journeyman.
An applicant is eligible to apply for Journeyman Smith judging and rating at the Annual ABS meeting, after they have been a member of the ABS for 3 years. Following the "Introduction to Bladesmithing Course", the applicant may take the test under the supervision of a Master Smith. The applicant must have personally forged and performed all work on the test blade, with no other person physically assisting in its construction or heat-treating. The test knife must be a carbon steel forged blade with a maximum overall length of 15 inches, maximum width of 2 inches and blade length of 10 inches. Damascus or laminated blades are not allowed as test blades. Once the test begins, no work, not even light stropping, may be done to the test blade. The test blade is used to cut a free hanging rope, chop through 2 2X4" pieces of lumber and retain an edge capable of shaving hair from the judge's arm. Lastly the knife is placed into a vise and flexed. The knife must spring back without breaking and remain functional. If successful, the applicant must submit 5 forged carbon steel knives for judging on symmetry, balance, and aesthetics. Knifemakers who have attained this title frequently use the suffix "JS" when informing the public about their knives.
Master smith.
At the New York Knife Show in 1981, the first Master bladesmith ratings were awarded to: Bill Bagwell, Jimmy Fikes, Don Fogg, Don Hastings, Bill Moran, and James Schmidt. Years later tests were established for a maker to attain a rating of "Master smith". The tests for Master smith include using a forged Damascus steel blade with a minimum of 300 layers and fashioned as a "stick tang knife" (as opposed to a full-tang) to cut a free hanging rope, chop through 2 2X4" pieces of lumber and retain an edge capable of shaving hair. Lastly the knife is placed into a vise and flexed for 90 degrees. The knife must spring back without breaking and remain functional and not slip from the handle. Once the performance test is passed, the applicant must submit 5 knives to a panel of judges, all knives are judged on balance, beauty, and symmetry, but one must be an "Art Knife" or a "European style" dagger. The first smith to receive the Master title under these requirements was Wayne Goddard. Wyoming knifemaker Audra Draper became the first woman to hold a Master smith title in 1999. Knifemakers who have attained this title frequently use the suffix "MS" when informing the public about their knives.

</doc>
<doc id="31126328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126328" title="TcoF-DB">
TcoF-DB

The Dragon Database for Human Transcription Co-Factors and Transcription Factor Interacting Proteins (TcoF-DB) is a database that facilitates the exploration of proteins involved in the regulation of transcription in humans by binding to regulatory DNA regions (transcription factors) and proteins involved in the regulation of transcription in humans by interacting with transcription factors and not binding to regulatory DNA regions (transcription co-factors). The database describes a total of 529 (potential) human transcription co-factors interacting with a total of 1365 human transcription factors.

</doc>
<doc id="31126336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126336" title="Haymet Rocks">
Haymet Rocks

Haymet Rocks were reported by J.E. Haymet, master and owner of the cutter "Wilt Watch", when on passage between Auckland and Rarotonga; in 1863 the cutter passed between two rocks and struck on the northern of the two, damaging her false keel. The rocks are said to extend over a space of about a quarter of a mile, to have been distinctly seen, and with apparently 7 or 8 feet water on them. Mr Haymet gives their position as , which would place them about 135 miles W 1/4 N from the position assigned to Orne Bank.
These rocks were unsuccessfully searched for, in the position given, by "HMS Satellite" in 1886, and again by the French Government vessel "Fabert" in 1887; the latter vessel spent three days in the search under favourable circumstances of wind and weather, running over some 253 miles within a radius of from 20 to 25 miles of the position assigned, and with no result.
In December 1882, however, Lloyd's agent at Rarotonga reported that the Haymet rocks were supposed to exist about 150 miles SSW of Rarotonga, and therefore right in the track of vessels bound from Auckland to that island, who always give this supposed position a wide berth. If this information is correct, these rocks are about 240 miles NNW 1/2 W of the position as given by Mr Haymet and still shown on the charts; and it is not surprising that both the "Satellite" and the "Fabert" failed in their search at an entirely different locality.
A depth of 68 fathoms, rock, was found by the "Fabert" in . This vessel was at the time searching for a low island which had been reported to exist in this neighbourhood but of which she saw nothing.

</doc>
<doc id="31126350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126350" title="Amar y temer">
Amar y temer

Amar y temer is a 2011 Colombian telenovela produced and broadcast by Caracol TV and Sony Pictures Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="31126357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126357" title="2600 series (Chicago 'L')">
2600 series (Chicago 'L')

The 2600 series is a series of Chicago 'L' car built between 1981 and 1987 by the Budd Company of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 600 cars were built, 565 of them remain in service as of 2014.
The 2600 series was the fourth series of five interoperable series of Chicago 'L' cars known as the High Performance Family.
The 2600 series cars (numbered 2601–3200) were manufactured by the Budd Company, the same company that made the 2200 series. The cars were first delivered to the CTA in 1981, in time for the upcoming O'Hare Airport extension of the Kennedy Line (now known as the northwestern end of the Blue Line). Originally, an order was made for 300 cars, but this order was later increased to 600 cars, all of which were delivered between 1981 and 1987.
With 565 active cars, the series is by far the most abundant in the 'L' rolling stock. They were refurbished by Alstom of Hornell, New York, between 1998 and 2002. They are quite similar in design to the earlier 2400 series.
Currently, these cars make up the entire Blue Line fleet, most of the Purple Line fleet, and parts of the Red and Orange Line fleets. Car 3458 can be found on the Brown Line. In June 2014, as more 5000-series cars were being delivered, CTA began to transfer the Red Line's 2600-series cars over to the Blue Line due to them being newer than the existing 2600-series Blue Line cars, in turn transferring the Blue Line's older 2600-series cars to the Orange Line as an interim replacement for its 2400-series cars until the Red and Purple Lines are fully equipped with 5000-series cars.
Budd/Transit America had completed car 3200 on April 3, 1987. Car 3200 was not only the final car of the 2600-series order, but was the final railcar to be constructed by Budd/Transit America. Once the order was completed, Budd shut down its railcar business.

</doc>
<doc id="31126366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126366" title="Randall L. Williams Correctional Facility">
Randall L. Williams Correctional Facility

The Randall L. Williams Correctional Facility is a prison of the Arkansas Department of Correction (ADC) located in the "Pine Bluff Complex" in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. The 106-bed facility sits on a plot of land.
The facility previously served as the Jefferson County Jail. Around 2008 the county opened the new W. C. "Dub" Brassel Adult Detention Facility and vacated the previous county jail. ADC purchased the former jail in 2008 and renamed it the Williams Correctional Facility in April of that year, after Randall L. Williams, a former Jefferson County circuit judge who served as the chairperson of the board of ADC from 1993 to 2000. ADC uses the facility as additional intake space, and after ADC acquired the facility, it moved the special management barracks, a unit for prisoners with counseling and mental health requirements, to Williams from the Cummins Unit.

</doc>
<doc id="31126376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126376" title="Fort Center">
Fort Center

Fort Center is an archaeological site in Glades County, Florida, a few miles northwest of Lake Okeechobee. It was occupied for more than 2,000 years, from before 450 BCE until about 1700. The inhabitants of Fort Center may have been cultivating maize centuries before it appeared anywhere else in Florida.
Fort Center is a complex of earthwork mounds, linear embankments, middens, circular ditches, and an artificial pond occupying an area approximately long and wide extending east-west along Fisheating Creek, a stream that empties unto Lake Okeechobee. The complex is named after a blockhouse located at the site during the Second Seminole War. No trace remains of the blockhouse, which may have been eroded by the river.
Physical environment.
The Fort Center site consists of three environments; a meander belt along the stream consisting of a floodplain swamp and natural levees, wet prairie, and oak-cabbage palm-saw palmetto hammocks. The floodplain and prairie are subject to frequent flooding. The prairie consists of two to four feet of sandy soil on a hardpan, resulting in poor drainage. The stream meander belt cuts below the hardpan.
Pollen evidence shows that the river meander belt and prairie existed in essentially their current condition since human occupation began 2,500 to 3,000 years ago until the 20th century. The area covered by hammocks has increased since sustained occupation ended around 1700. Much of the area around Fort Center was developed as improved pasture during the 20th century. Lake Okeechobee was surrounded by a system of dikes built during the 20th century, except for where Fisheating Creek enters the lake.
Cultural environment.
Fort Center is in the Lake Okeechobee Basin, an area that surrounds and drains into Lake Okeechobee, and is synonymous with the Belle Glade culture area, one of several related culture areas in southern Florida. The Kissimmee River valley is usually regarded as a sub-area of the Lake Okeechobee Basin (Belle Glade culture area). Sears treats the Lake Okeechobee Basin, including the Kissimmee River Valley, as a sub-region of the Glades culture area, while others place the Belle Glade (Lake Okeechobee) and Glades areas on an equal footing. The cultural traditions of southern Florida had a long history and were well adapted to the area. Archaeological evidence of changes in those cultures is mostly limited to small changes in the few ceramics that were decorated.
Mounds, ditches, canals and other earthworks have been found at a number of locations in interior southern Florida. More than thirty sites of the Belle Glade culture or its predecessors are known from the area around Fisheating Creek. A number of sites with extensive earthworks have been found in the Belle Glade culture area. At least seven other sites in southern Florida, including two near Fisheating Creek, have similar circular features, although none of them has been subject to detailed examination by archaeologists. McGoun quotes Stephen Hale as saying that complexes "with sequences of construction and architectural style almost identical to those at Fort Center" are found from Lake Tohopekaliga in the north to Palm Beach and Hendry counties to the south. There are also similarities between Fort Center and the Crystal River site. Milanich also notes resemblances between Period II Fort Center and contemporary Cades Pond culture sites at River Styx and Cross Creek in northern Florida.
Authors have sometimes postulated that the various mounds and other earthworks in the Belle Glade and Glades areas were constructed by or at least used by the Calusa. Archaeologists now generally discount that theory. While the Calusa exercised political hegemony over much of southern Florida during the historic period, the Belle Glade and Glades culture areas remained distinct from the Caloosahatchee culture area inhabited by the Calusa. It may be the case that the Caloosahatchee culture developed later than the Belle Glade culture.
Excavation.
The Fort Center site came to the attention of archaeologists after a carved wooden bird was found in the pond in 1926. Working for the Federal Emergency Relief Administration beginning in the Great Depression, archaeologists conducted surveys and test excavations at Fort Center during the 1930s and 1940s. Archaeologist John Goggin surveyed the site in the early 1950s, digging some test pits. In 1961, an amateur group obtained permission from the land owner, Lykes Brothers, to survey the site. The group exceeded their permit and conducted an uncontrolled excavation. They took many artifacts, including objects from the historic period that had been reworked from metals of Spanish origin. When Lykes Brothers realized what was happening, they cancelled the group's permit, closed access to the site, and invited a professional archaeologist to survey the site.
The complex was excavated over six years (1966–1971) by teams from the University of Florida, Colgate University and Florida Atlantic University. The State of Florida acquired the Fort Center site from Lykes Brothers in 1999 as part of the Fisheating Creek Ecosystem. It is operated as a wildlife management area.
Origins.
Sears believed that the freshwater regions of peninsular Florida were peopled by immigrants from northern South America who preceded Arawakan language-speakers through the Antilles. He cited the use of celts and adzes made from conch-shells, the proposed derivation of the Timucuan language from South American roots, the cultivation of maize, and the use of earthworks to form fields in savannahs (wet prairies) as was done in South America. He also cited the use of fiber-tempered pottery, similar to that used in South American, and distinct from pottery used in the rest of the eastern United States.
Sears divided the period of occupation at Fort Center into four periods. Period I began before 450 BCE, perhaps as early as 1000 BCE, and lasted until around 200 CE. Period II ran from about 200 to between 600 and 800, followed by period III until 1200 to 1400, and then period IV up to about 1700.
Other archaeologists have been skeptical of Sears' migration theory. There is no evidence of South American root crops being introduced to Florida, and the evidence from pottery does not give a clear south to north sequence of introduction within Florida. But, there is some support for the idea that maize, and at least one strain of tobacco, were introduced into Florida by a sea route. Other archaeologists have noted that the peoples living in the Greater Antilles prior to the arrival of Arawakan-speakers were hunter-gatherers, not agriculturists. They believe that the agricultural Arawakan-speaking Tainos did not reach Hispaniola and Cuba until 600 to 700, near the end of Sears' Period II, well after the introduction of maize at Fort Center.
Period I.
Period I is characterized by several mounds, mostly artificial, that supported living areas, and by circular ditches, which Sears interpreted as enclosing fields. Only one or a few families lived on the site at any given time, and there is no evidence of any differentiated status. Maize pollen was found in middens on the mounds and in the fields dating from this period.
Five artificial mounds, identified as Mounds 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14, are in or near the stream meander zone. They are each round, about 100 feet in diameter, and two to three feet high. Most of these mounds are now part of the natural levees along the Fisheating Creek. The mounds may have been built on existing natural levees, or the presence of the mounds may have helped shape the levees. Three burials were found in Mound 13, which may have been used as a burial mound and later as a house mound. Mound 10 was not excavated. Little other than sherds were found in the other mounds.
The Okeechobee basin is subject to frequent flooding. Mounds are required in most parts of the basin to raise house floors above flood levels. The only place in the area high enough to remain above the flood waters was a section of old natural levee. Part of this levee, named Midden B, was also used as a living site during Period I. While the mounds at Fort Center were mostly used as house platforms, some mounds and other earthworks served other purposes. The site may have been inhabited because it provided easy access to food sources in the stream.
Circular ditches.
Archaeologists found three circular ditches at Fort Center. Two of the circular ditches were about 300 feet in diameter, and partially overlapped. A third, later circular ditch was about 1,200 in diameter. It enclosed the earlier circular ditches, but was not concentric with either of them. This ditch was 25 to 30 feet wide, and six feet deep. Most of the dirt from the ditch had been thrown on the inner side of the ditch. There were two gaps in the ditch, one on the southeast side and another on the east side, closest to Mound B in the Ceremonial Complex.
No artifacts were found in the ditches or in the area enclosed by the ditches, but maize pollen was found under soil that had been disturbed from digging the ditches. Radio-carbon dating indicates that all three circles were complete by 450 BCE. There is no evidence of the circles' being used for habitation, ceremonial or defense purposes. Sears holds that the maize pollen indicates that the circles were used for cultivation. The ditches around the circles penetrated the hardpan, helping to drain the prairie soil. Sears also states that the Great Circle likely was used for gardens from several centuries BCE until the end of period II, around 600 to 800. Sears compares the circular ditches at Fort Center to similar circular ditches used for agriculture in pre-Columbian Colombia.
Sears states that the circles at Fort Center were earlier than those of the Adena culture of the Ohio River valley. Sears believes that the Fort Center circles are related to circles at Hopewellian sites. He states that circle earthworks were almost certainly imported into Florida from South America along with maize. Sears believes that the inhabitants of Fort Center, who dug the circular ditches and introduced maize and cord-tempered pottery to the area, were people who were descended from migrants from South America, but they had been resident in Florida long enough to have adapted to the local environment.
Period II.
During Period II, from about 200 until sometime between 400 and 600, all of the residents of Fort Center, three to six families, were involved in a ceremonial center. Two mounds, A and B, and an artificial pond are interpreted as a ceremonial complex. An embankment or wall surrounds Mound B and the pond, with both ends attached to Mound A. Part of the area enclosed by the embankment forms what appears to be a courtyard, but no evidence of how it may have been used was found. The complex was located on the prairie, close to the stream meander belt, and was the focus of the Fort Center site during Period II.
Mounds.
Mound A is irregular in shape and about three feet tall. It has been interpreted as a living site. A couple of slightly higher places on the mound were probably structure sites. Middens on Mound A contained potsherds, maize pollen, animal bones (mostly deer), and human baby teeth. Some human bones, broken similarly to the animal bones, were also found in the middens, suggesting that cannibalism was practiced at the site. Shell tools, stone grinding tools and pipes were found in the living areas of the mound. Also found were sherds from imported ceramics, including types identified as Deptford, Cartersville, Pasco, Crystal River, and St. Johns. Sears suggests that this trade pottery was sacred and acquired for ceremonial purposes. Many post holes found in the lower level of the mound indicate that round or oval houses about 30 feet in diameter had stood on the mound. There were also pits in which shells had been burned to produce lime. Unburned shells around the edges of the lime pits were mainly river mussels, but also included conchs and venus clams. Human coprolites, feces preserved by exposure to the lime, were also found around the edges of the pits. Mound A was expanded at least twice during Periods II and III (200 to 1200 or later), with a particularly dense midden area deposited in the first half of that period. Some habitation of the mound extended past 1400.
At its final development, Mound B was cone-shaped (with a steeper slope on the upper part) with a slightly truncated top. Decayed conch shells, along with badly decayed human bones and teeth, were found on the original surface of the mound, below the lowest midden layer of Mound B. Dirt excavated from the adjacent pond was used to build the earliest part of Mound B and the embankment that surrounded the mound (connecting to Mound A at both ends). Around 500 Mound B was built up more with dirt from another borrow pit (not the pond). Around 150 secondary bundled burials were placed in the sides of mound in the dirt added at this time. No artifacts were found with the secondary burials, but small deposits of muck, presumed to be from the pond associated with Mounds A and B, were found with them. A set of objects, described by Sears as a "Hopewellian type deposit", was found in the side of Mound B facing the pond.
Mound B was originally used as a living site and for preparing and bundling bodies. The habitation area was later moved to Mound A while the body preparation activities continued on Mound B. Use of Mound A for ceremonial purposes is indicated by broken pipes found on Mound A and in the charnel pond. Pipes have been found at only one other place (the University of Florida Mound) at Fort Center. Habitation of Mound A apparently continued for a while after the site ceased being used as a ceremonial center.
Charnel pond.
The artificial pond in the ceremonial complex was four to five feet deep, with a nearly flat bottom. It was cut through the hardpan, allowing water above the hardpan to flow into the pond, keeping it full. Dirt from Mound B had washed into the pond, partially filling it. Excavation of the pond yielded wooden objects, human bones from about 150 individuals, and human coprolites. Some of the wooden pieces found in the pond were carved (it was a carved wooden bird found in this pond that first brought the site to the attention of archaeologists). Some of the carvings had remnants of a lime-based coating. Other pieces of wood were long enough to have been set in the bottom of the pond and hold the carvings above the water. Some of the wood was rotted, other pieces were charred. Under the wood and bones was a midden layer, consisting of sherds, shells, pipe fragments and coprolites (preserved human feces). Some of the coprolites showed evidence of constipation, others showed evidence of diarrhea. Sears interpreted the materials in the midden layer as having been thrown into the pond during a "housecleaning" of Mound A, with the coprolites coming from the lime pits where similar coprolites were excavated.
Sears interprets the pond as a "charnel" pond, with a wooden platform in the pond holding bundled bodies. The carved figures of birds and animals found in the pond were probably mounted on the platform. The platform stood long enough for some of the wood to rot. The platform apparently caught fire and collapsed into the pond sometime around 500. As the bones found in the pond accounted for about 150 bodies, and about 150 bundled bodies with muck from the pond were found buried in Mound B, Sears states that the platform in the charnel pond must have held about 300 bundled bodies when it burned and collapsed. About half of the bundled bodies dumped into the pond were recovered and reburied in Mound B. The sex and age distribution of the bones is normal for the level of culture attributed to the inhabitants of Fort Center. Sears states that the platform was "clearly ceremonial", that the pond was a "culturally correct environment for charnel platform", and that the water was "a ceremonial requirement." Water burials were common in inland (freshwater) sites in Florida, such as the Windover archaeological site and Little Salt Springs. Artificial ponds have been noted at two other sites near Fisheating Creek. A "water mortuary cult" may have been widespread in southern Florida from Paleoindian times into the historic period.
Later analysis of the bones found in the charnel pond and in Mound B indicated the people suffered from osteoarthritis and anemia due to parasite infections and iron deficiency, but were relatively well nourished and showed less tooth wear than other contemporary populations in Florida. Few lived past age 35, and none in the analyzed population lived past about 55.
Significance.
Sears interprets the complex consisting of Mounds A and B and the charnel pond as a ceremonial center where mortuary specialists processed bodies; in particular, they cleaned flesh from bones. They probably lived with their families on Mound B early in Period II, moving to Mound A later in the Period. They served a population spread through a large area, and probably also supplied tobacco, pipes, and lime for processing maize to the surrounding population. The 300 bodies kept on the platform may represent the people of the ceremonial center over several centuries. All of the residents of the ceremonial center would have been in a sacred social class, serving some large portion of the Okeechobee Basin (including the Kissimmee Valley). (There were many small sites with single houses on mounds throughout the area.)
Period III.
Period III ran from between 600 and 800 to between 1200 and 1400. The ceremonial center was no longer active. Two places on the natural levee along Fisheating Creek, Midden A and part of Midden B, were occupied during this period, as was Mound A for at least the early part of the period. There was little change in the artifacts left by Period III inhabitants compared to artifacts from Period II. There is no evidence of maize cultivation from Period III.
Period IV.
Period IV ran from sometime between 1200 and 1400 to around 1700. Most of this period was after European contact began affecting the peoples of Florida. Artifacts recovered from this period include reworked metal of Spanish origin. Occupation continued at Middens A and B on the natural levee along Fisheating Creek, and expanded to new mounds on the prairie away from the stream meander zone. Linear earthworks associated with those mounds also appeared in this period. Maize pollen was found in deposits from this period, after being absent during Period III. Burials from after 1500 were found in the top of Mound B. Most of these burials were flexed (legs bent), while the rest were bundled. Post holes associated with the upper level burials may be from small shelters built over the burials.
Burials from Period IV were associated with grave goods, including objects reworked from Spanish gold, silver, copper and brass, unlike those from earlier periods. Some of the grave goods may have been symbols or badges of rank. Fort Center was probably now part of the Calusa realm. Hernando de Escalante Fontaneda, who was held captive by Indians in Florida for 17 years in the 16th century, indicates that the Mayaimi people, who lived around Lake Okeechobee and were therefore the likely inhabitants of Fort Center, were subject to the Calusa. Fontenada describes the Mayaimi as living in very small towns and scattered settlements. Sears states that the Calusa probably did not use Fort Center as a ceremonial center.
During Period IV, several living sites were occupied (although not necessarily all at the same time), including Middens A and B, and Mounds 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, and the University of Florida Mound. Most of the mounds were new to this period. Mound 3 was built up from a small natural mound, and had been previously occupied. Mound 8 may be natural. Broken smoking pipes were found at the original ground level under the University of Florida mound, indicating the site may have served a ceremonial purpose before the mound was built. The mounds (not including the middens on the levee) are each big enough for a single house, and each mound is associated with a linear earthwork, which Sears interpreted as "agricultural plots." The linear earthworks varied in size, from 30 to 100 feet wide and 300 to 1,200 feet long. The earthworks were raised two to three feet above the prairie, and were surround by ditches from which the fill was taken. Although one end of each linear earthwork was close to a house mound, they were never connected to the mounds. No artifacts were found in the linear earthworks.
Earthworks similar to the mounds and linear ridges at Fort Center have been reported from Belle Glade, Tony's Mound, Big Mound City and the Boynton Mound complex, and these sites may all have been part of a "prehistoric farmstead culture."
Diet.
Other than maize, which was perhaps used only in a ceremonial role or as a high-status food, the inhabitants of Fort Center relied on gathering, hunting and fishing for food. They ate a variety of animal food, particularly turtles (nine different species) and fish. They also ate alligators, snakes, frogs, sirens, opossums, raccoons, muskrats, moles, squirrels, foxes, bobcats, deer, geese, turkeys, and turkey buzzards.
Maize cultivation.
Sears reported several lines of evidence for the cultivation of maize at Fort Center. Direct evidence for the presence of maize was the discovery of maize pollen in several environments at Fort Center. Maize pollen from Period I was found in the fields surrounded by the circular ditches and in middens. From Period II maize pollen was found in the lime-based coating on a carved bird found in the charnel pond, and in some (three out of 121) of the human coprolites examined. Maize pollen was also found in some of the Period IV linear earthworks.
Indirect evidence for cultivation of maize at Fort Center includes the fields enclosed by circular ditches created during Period I, and the linear earthworks of Period IV, which Sears compares to the circles and ridges used for agriculture on tropical savannahs in pre-Columbian South America. Sears points out that the lime produced by burning shells on Mound A during Period II could be used to process dried maize into masa, and that pestles found in middens could be used to produce mush. Fontaneda stated that the Mayaimi ate bread made from roots, and does not mention maize, but Sears wondered whether Fontaneda may have failed to recognize maize.
The claim that maize was cultivated at Fort Center by 450 BCE has been controversial. Some archaeologists have pointed out that neither maize kernels nor cobs have been found at Fort Center. Others have questioned the dating of the maize pollen. McGoun argues that while the maize pollen found in fields might be the result of later contamination, the pollen in the coating on the carved wooden bird and in the coprolites is harder to explain away. Later reanalysis of samples from Fort Center confirmed the presence of maize pollen long before maize is known to have appeared elsewhere in Florida. Evidence against the proposition that the circular ditches drained fields so that maize could be cultivated includes that one of the earlier ditches did not cut through the hardpan in at least some places. The soil at Fort Center has low fertility, high acidity, and high levels of aluminum, and thus is not suited for growing maize. Milanich also notes that the raised ridges and circles in South America that Sears cites as the models for the structures at Fort Center differ in important details from Fort Center. An analysis of dental wear indicates that the Period II residents of Fort Center did not depend on horticulture for their diet, and any use of maize did not contribute significantly to their diet.

</doc>
<doc id="31126378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126378" title="John Talbot (died 1714)">
John Talbot (died 1714)

Sir John Talbot of Lacock Abbey, Wiltshire, Long Acre, Westminster, and Salwarpe, Worcestershire (7 June 1630 – 13 March 1714), was an English soldier, politician, and landowner,who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1660 and 1687. He was a second in a duel between George Villiers, 2nd Duke of Buckingham and Francis Talbot, 11th Earl of Shrewsbury.
Biography.
Talbot was son of Sherington Talbot. He stood unsuccessfully for parliament at Worcestershire in 1659 and was elected Member of Parliament for Worcestershire in the Convention Parliament in 1660. He was knighted by King Charles II at Whitehall on 6 June 1660 and became a Justice of the Peace for Worcestershire on 10 July 1660. He was commissioned as an Ensign in the Company of Foot under Grey on 26 January 1661 and Captain of a company of the Kings Own Regiment of Foot Guards in February 1661. In 1661 he was elected a Member of Parliament for Knaresborough in the Cavalier Parliament and held the seat until 1679. In January 1668 he was second for his kinsman Francis Talbot, 11th Earl of Shrewsbury in a duel with George Villiers, 2nd Duke of Buckingham when Earl was killed. According to Samuel Pepys, Talbot was also injured. Talbot became Lieutenant Colonel of the Barbados Regiment of Dragoons on 30 March 1672 and served until 1674 when the regiment was disbanded. He was Colonel of the Regiment of Dragoons from 22 February 1678 to 1679 when it was disbanded.
Talbot was an elected Member of Parliament for Chippenham in February 1679 and sat until July. He was elected a Member for Ludgershall in February 1681, holding the seat for one month. In 1683 he was admitted an honorary freeman of Worcester. He was elected a member for Devizes in 1685 and sat until 1687.
On the outbreak of the Monmouth rebellion in 1685, Talbot raised a troop of horse for King James II at Hounslow on 18 June 1685. He became colonel of horse on 21 September 1685 and camped with the King's army on Hounslow Heath on 30 June 1686. The troop was later disbanded and Talbot made lieutenant-colonel of the Earl of Peterborough's regiment (later 2nd Dragoon Guards). On 29 January 1687 he succeeded Lord Lumley as colonel of the Queen Dowager's Regiment of Horse (later 6th Dragoon Guards) and on the landing of the Prince of Orange was promoted brigadier general. He resigned his command on 20 December 1688 and had no further military career.
Talbot married firstly Elizabth Keyt, daughter of Sir John Keyt. His second wife, whom he married in 1660, Barbara Slingsby (1633 - ?), daughter of Sir Henry Slingsby of Scriven, 1st Baronet and The Hon. Barbara Belasyse, by whom he had five children, was a matrilineal descendant of Cecily Neville, Duchess of York, and the mitochondrial DNA descent through which the remains of Richard III of England were identified in 2013 passes through her and their daughter Barbara Talbot (c. 1665 - 1763), who married in 1689 Henry Yelverton, 1st Viscount Longueville and 15th Baron Grey of Ruthyn, by whom she had seven children, and lived to the age of 98.
He died at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="31126384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126384" title="3200 series (Chicago 'L')">
3200 series (Chicago 'L')

The 3200 series (numbered 3201–3457) is a series of Chicago 'L' car built between 1992 and 1994 by Morrison-Knudsen. 257 cars were built. As of 2014, 253 of them remain in service. The bodyshells of these cars were built by Mafersa, of Brazil, as a subcontractor to Morrison-Knudsen.
The 3200 series was the last series of five interoperable series of Chicago 'L' cars known as the High Performance Family, and the last cars ordered for the Chicago Transit Authority that use direct current motors. Subsequent train orders are using alternating current motors.
The original order for 256 cars was motivated primarily by the impending opening of the Orange Line, which would need new cars when it opened in October 1993. The order was completed in 1994.
The 3200-series contains many innovations over the previous 2600-series. Computers control much of the cab functions and simplify operation for the motorman. Diagnostics are also easier to perform on this series than on previous series. In addition, fluted steel siding is included on these cars for the first time since the 2200-series, in order to reduce graffiti. The series also introduced openable hopper windows for use in case of air conditioner failure.
Cars 3441-3456 were originally equipped with pantographs for use on the Yellow Line, which was powered by overhead lines until 2004. The pantographs on 3451-3456 were removed in the late 1990s when they were reassigned to supplement the Brown Line, while the rest lost their pantographs when the Yellow Line was converted to third rail power in 2004.
Car 3457 was an additional car built specifically for the purpose of serving as a mate to the 2600-series car 3032, after its mate 3031 had been damaged from a derailment at Wilson station on March 15, 1988. 3032 was subsequently renumbered 3458. The pair currently runs on the Brown Line.
The 3200-series cars are currently all assigned to the Orange and Brown Lines and make up the latter's entire fleet. At various points during their service life a small number were also assigned to the Yellow and Purple Lines.

</doc>
<doc id="31126416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126416" title="Bautin">
Bautin

Bautin () is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31126417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126417" title="Chinook Pass Entrance Arch">
Chinook Pass Entrance Arch

The Chinook Pass Entrance Arch marks the east entrance to Mount Rainier National Park. The rectangular log entry arch is one of several placed at the entrances to the park. It was designed in 1933 by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs, and was built in 1936 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. The arch consists of two stone abutments carrying horizontal logs over the road. The arch functions as a bridge, carrying a horse trail, which is now part of the Pacific Crest Trail.
The Chinook Pass arch was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31126430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126430" title="TBVI">
TBVI

The TuBerculosis Vaccine Initiative (TBVI) is a non-profit foundation that supports the development of new tuberculosis vaccines. The organisation supports and connects a network of scientists and research institutes, mainly in Europe. TBVI integrates, translates and prioritses research and development activities. New and more effective vaccines to protect future generations against tuberculosis' is the organisation's aim.
Vision: Safe and effective tuberculosis vaccines for all people.
Mission: TBVI supports, integrates, translates and prioritises R&D efforts to discover and develop new tuberculosis vaccines that are accessible and affordable to all people.
TBVI focuses on the development of new vaccines and on biomarkers needed for vaccine development. The second objective is the mobilisation of funds to enable these scientific projects.
The TBVI network currently consists of more than fifty partners, mainly from academia, research institutes and private industry in the TB vaccine field. The network is open to interactions with all like-minded organisations and aims to coordinate its efforts with other stakeholders to avoid duplication, to build synergies and to accelerate R&D efforts.
TBVI is a support structure to vaccine developers, and does not have its own commercial interests nor does it take ownership of vaccine and biomarker developments and does not claim any intellectual property rights.
Need for new vaccines.
Tuberculosis is a terrible disease and an urgent global health problem. About one third of the world population is infected with the bacterium that causes it and the disease has an annual incidence of 8.8 million new cases and a death toll of nearly 1.5 million people per year. The global economic cost of TB is estimated to be hundreds of billions of dollars. The impact on society is equally astonishing exemplified by the fact that some 10 million children have been orphaned due to TB. Modelling studies predict that vaccines that prevent TB in adults and adolescents and that prevent TB in latently infected individuals will have the strongest impact on the TB epidemic.
Bacille Calmette-Guérin (BCG), currently the only available vaccine is not effective in these populations. This vaccine, used since 1921, can protect children from severe forms of tuberculosis. However, BCG has little to no efficacy in preventing pulmonary TB in (young) adults, the most common and most infectious form of tuberculosis. Moreover, there are serious safety concerns regarding the use of BCG in HIV infected newborns.
Current global TB control programs, based on Direct Observed Treatment Short course (DOTS), using a cocktail of four drugs, are hampered by the increasing emergence of (multi)drug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) strains. Patients with (multi)drug-resistant Mtb require long treatment regimens with more toxic and more expensive drugs that cause great suffering and are not globally accessible. The number of suspected multidrug resistant TB cases is rapidly increasing (650.000 cases identified in 2010), and forms a threat to both the developing and the developed world. TBVI supports the discovery and development of globally accessible and affordable therapeutic vaccines that shorten treatment of drug-resistant TB.
Vaccines to be developed.
TBVI plans to develop two types of vaccines:
Furthermore, TBVI has a program to develop biomarkers (used to monitor the effectiveness of new vaccines) to increase performance and speed of vaccine development. Biomarkers can provide early insight into the likely effect of a vaccine in different populations and as such can be used as a selection tool before starting long and costly clinical trials. Biomarkers can be useful tools to monitor vaccine trials.
History.
On suggestion of the European Commission, in 2008, the TuBerculosis Vaccine Initiative (TBVI) was founded to collect additional funds from governments, non-governmental organizations, foundations, private industry and other private funders.
Results.
NEWTBVAC (2010-2014) is the largest research project that TBVI currently hosts. It is funded by the European Commission through Framework Programme 7 and it manages a portfolio containing a wide range of TB vaccines candidates in various phases of development. NEWTBVAC also involves a project for biomarker research.
The most advanced vaccine candidate is currently being tested for efficacy in a Phase IIb study. If successfully tested in further clinical stages this vaccine could hopefully be licensed by 2017.
Funding and support.
TBVI's activities are funded by:
Furthermore, TBVI has the support of the European Parliament

</doc>
<doc id="31126445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126445" title="Invoiceit">
Invoiceit

invoiceit is a range of business and accounting software, first written in 1998 by "Bernard Reber" of "The Scrambled Card Company" from Auckland, New Zealand. The software is sold on a try-before-you-buy basis.
History.
"The Scrambled Card Company" was founded in 1991 with the aim of marketing its own range of novel and humorous greeting cards (a fully assembled picture puzzle on which the sender would add their own comments, then scramble the card and mail the pieces in an envelope). This venture was only moderately successful and in 1993, using the original name, the company changed direction and began to develop custom database applications using MS Access (which had just been introduced). Invoiceit grew out of this work, incorporating their stable database elements that had been tested in the field. The company has been a member of Association of Software Professionals since 2003.
Program versions.
invoiceit is published in four different version:
invoiceit!Pro.
this application can be LAN networked with 11 fully integrated modules.
Current release is version 5.1.19.1 from March 2011.
invoiceit!Time+.
first introduced in July 2008 and intended for users who bill for their time. Can also be LAN networked. Similar to invoiceit!Pro but excludes stock/inventory control and accounting. Current release is version 1.2.01 from November 2010.
invoiceit!Lite.
published in May 2006 and for users with simpler requirements. Includes customers, products, purchasing, quotes, invoicing and reports. Current release is 3.4.03.1 from July 2009.
My Invoice Kit.
Available since August 2008, previously known as invoiceit!Free but renamed a year later. freeware with data input restrictions which limits the number of contacts to 25 and the monthly number of documents (combined quotes, invoices, purchase orders) to 10. Current release is 1.15 from July 2009.
Simple Accounting.
First published in May 2009. It is a very simple spreadsheet-based application that is used for entering an enterprise's income and expenses. It applies automatic summaries of payments to vendors and receipts from customers. Includes a spreadsheet for determining cash flow. This application does not have version numbers but is updated each year.

</doc>
<doc id="31126456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126456" title="1%CLUB">
1%CLUB

The 1%CLUB is a non-profit organization which uses an online platform to connect people with ideas in developing countries with people, money and knowledge around the world. The basic idea is that people or organizations can offer 1% of their time, knowledge and income directly to a development project of their own choice. These projects need to be sustainable projects that stimulate the self-reliance of individuals anywhere in the world and improve their standard of living.
Founders.
The 1%CLUB was founded by Anna Chojnacka and Bart Lacroix who both have backgrounds in development cooperation. Anna Chojnacka began as youth representative on the General Meeting at the United Nations in 2003. She also worked as campaign leader at Fair Trade Original. Besides that Anna is a member of the Worldconnectors think tank, a think tank for international cooperation. Bart Lacroix worked in Tanzania as business and marketing manager at VSO. Furthermore he was online marketing consultant for Africa Interactive and he worked as project manager for Butterfly Works They both specialized in applying Web 2.0 in order to increase participation, democracy and empowerment of disadvantaged groups worldwide.
History.
1%CLUB was established in 2008. The Dutch website. was launched on April 1, 2008. The international website was launched on March 12, 2010. Anna Chojnacka developed the vision that money intended for development could be better spend, especially because internet was developing into a big cooperation system where people who never even met each other were able to create things together, for example Wikipedia! That is why she wondered what could happen if such a system would be used for developmental issues. Bart Lacroix also came up with the idea that people nowadays want to have a personal influence on development cooperation and that they want to see what happens with their money. The Manifesto International Cooperation 2.0 was written. This manifesto states that we live in a world where economic means are very unequally divided. The '1.0' way of dealing with this would hold that authorities come up with a fixed policy for a couple of years to fight poverty. In International Cooperation 2.0 the people have the power. Internet has become available all over the world through which we have become the first generation that has the knowledge and means to collaborate on a global scale. That is why an online marketplace platform was designed where projects can be started and people can personally choose to which projects they want to direct their money, time or knowledge to. This website combines social media sites: both the people who created a project as the members introduce themselves in an interactive way and explain why they support certain projects with their gifts or time.
International co-operation 2.0.
'International co-operation 2.0’ is characterized by massive collaboration, self organisation, open-source marketing, collective intelligence and crowd sourcing. Anna Chojnacka and Bart Lacroix decided to apply this concept to development co-operation. In essence, the person itself is at the centre and can create his or her own world. The idea behind this is that participants of the marketplace become owners of the process, instead of it being directed from the top, this way trying to solve poverty together.
By connecting people’s energy, passion, means, experience and knowledge on a world-wide scale, a structure comes into being where worldwide one to one development co-operation is possible. People can come together, publish small pieces of information online, share specific knowledge, ask specific questions and offer concrete expertise and solutions.
Organizational structure.
The 1%CLUB is a foundation with a Board that consists of five people. Furthermore the 1%CLUB has a Recommendation Committee in the Netherlands consisting of prominent people who are concerned with the poverty problems and who are supportive of the goals of the 1%CLUB. The members of this Recommendation Committee are former minister-president Ruud Lubbers, rabbi Awraham Soetendorp, lawyer and professor Tineke Lambooy and lawyer Naema Tahir. At the moment 6 people work at the 1%CLUB offices in Amsterdam and Nairobi (Kenya). They are supported by volunteers, interns and partners (e.g. Accenture).
Financing.
The 1%CLUB calculates a service fee of 1% per donation from individuals and 5% from businesses. Sponsors and grants further cover 1%CLUB’s own costs. The 1%CLUB has developed the first version of the website with a start-up grant from NCDO. For 2009 and 2010 the 1%CLUB received a grant from the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the category ‘young and renewing'. The 1%CLUB receives MFSII from 2011 till 2016. Therefore the 1%CLUB has joined the IMPACT alliance (‘Innovative Mitigation of Poverty Actions’). Also Oxfam Novib, Butterfly Works, Somo, Hirda and Fairfood joined this alliance.
Projects.
Within the 1%CLUB individual responsibility and trust are of importance. Members have their own profile page and can choose which projects they want to support. All people can see where the projects stand for, where the money, knowledge or time goes to and what the progress is. It can be monitored what went well and what went wrong. Ultimately it can be seen whether or not the project is completed. The people who run the projects are responsible for the outcome of the project and they have to demonstrate who they are, what they do and why they are doing it. All knowledge and information about the projects have to be available directly for everyone. A few of the conditions to become a 1%CLUB project are:

</doc>
<doc id="31126469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126469" title="Albert Laponneraye">
Albert Laponneraye

Albert Laponneraye (8 May 1808 – 1 September 1849) was a French republican socialist and a journalist, popular historian, educator and editor of Robespierre's writings. He was a representative of the Neo-Babouvist tendency in the 1840s, along with Richard Lahautière, Jean-Jacques Pillot and others. He combined Jacobin republicanism with egalitarian communism and anti-clericalism. He was influenced by the doctrines of Philippe Buonarroti and Étienne Cabet. In the 1830s and 40s Laponneraye was one of the best known advoates of republican communism. He is viewed as a forerunner of Karl Marx.
Childhood.
Albert Dulin de la Ponneraye was born in Tours. His father was Albert Philippe Dulin de la Ponneraye, an aristocrat and legimimist officer who had emigrated from 1791 to 1801. His mother, Geneviève Delomais, was an unwed peasant girl. Albert was abandoned at the gates of the Tours orphanage by his parents. In 1816, after they had another child, a sister named Zoé, they retrieved eight-year-old Albert from the orphanage and acknowledged him as their son.
Early revolutionary activism and imprisonment.
Nothing is known about Albert's education. In 1828, however, he moved to Paris and became a schoolteacher, precariously supporting himself, his mother and his sister after the death of his father. In sharp contrast to the Bourbon loyalties of his father, Albert Laponneraye, as he preferred to call himself, was by this time an ardent republican, an admirer of Maximilien Robespierre. Through the writings of Philippe Buonarroti, Laponneraye was introduced to the utopian Jacobin communism of François-Noël 'Gracchus' Babeuf and his 'Society of the Equals', who had tried to overthrow the Directory at the end of the French Revolution. In 1830, Laponneraye took an active part in the July Revolution, which overthrew the Restauration Bourbon king Charles X and replaced him with Louis Philippe, the duke of Orléans. Laponneraye and his republican associates were disappointed by this outcome and continued their revolutionary activities. Before long, Laponneraye was arrested; in 1831 he was imprisoned at Sainte-Pélagie, where his fellow inmates included François-Vincent Raspail and Armand Marrast (both late prominent republicans who participated in the Revolution of 1848).
At Sainte-Pélagie, Laponneraye became one of the leaders of a prison revolt. After it was put down, he was transferred to the forbidding fortress of La Force, where he was kept in solitary confinement. Although he had no access to books, he wrote a course of lectures on the history of France from 1789 to 1830, intended for the education of workers. He paid particular tribute to Robespierre. Upon his release, Laponneraye gave his lectures for free before a working class audience. The course was a stunning success, attracting between two and three hundred students, mostly workers and young people. The course began in November; by December, the police shut it down and arrested Laponneraye. He was convicted of exciting class hatred and sentenced to a year in prison and a fine of 1000 francs (a substantial sum in 1832). Upon his release, Laponneraye, undeterred, raised the stakes. He not only resumed teaching courses on French history and the revolutionary movement to workers, but assembled a crew of like-minded teachers to disseminate his message even more widely. Laponneraye and his colleagues organised themselves in the 'Society of Young France', which was affiliated with other notable republican associations, such as the 'Society of the Rights of Man' and the 'Society of the Friends of the People'.
Editing Robespierre's writings.
In addition to his educational work, Laponneraye devoted himself to an edition of the writings of Robespierre. In the course of this work he had the assistance of Charlotte Robespierre (1760–1834), Maximilien's sister. He had reportedly met her in 1830, after he had written an article in the journal "L'Universel" protesting against a forgery of Robespierre's memoirs. In 1832 Laponneraye had several long conversations with Charlotte Robespierre. The first volume of Laponneraye's edition of Robespierre's "Oeuvres Choisis", covering the years 1789-92, appeared in 1832, with a lengthy introduction from Laponneraye. It was enough to get him arrested again. In addition to his editorial work and his historical writings, on which he continued to work, he also published several political pamphlets aimed at workers, in which he advocated republicanism and communism. In 1833 he published two "Lettres aux Prolétaires"; consequently he was convicted of seeking to overthrow the government. He was sentenced to three years incarceration and the enormous fine of 3000 francs. Charlotte Robespierre died while he was in prison. Laponneraye wrote a funeral oration for her which was delivered by a friend.
Charlotte Robespierre left her papers to Laponneraye, including an unfinished manuscript of her memoirs. Using other notes from her papers to fill the gaps, Laponneraye produced an edition which was published. At the same time he began work on a complete edition of Maximilien Robespierre's works. Three of the four projected volumes were published, starting in 1840. Laponneraye contributed a long introduction. His editorial work made Robspierre's writings available to the French public for the first time; up to now, his ideas had only been known from hostile reports. This made Laponneraye a celebrity of sorts in republican circles. While in prison, Laponneraye also wrote a "Cours d'Histoire" and a "Commentary on the Rights of Man", of which 200,000 copies were published and distributed.
Political historiography.
In his short life, Laponneraye wrote a prodigious amount. In addition to his journalism, he wrote copiously on historical topics, mostly on the history of the French Revolution and the revolutionary movement since then. He also forayed into ancient and medieval history, Russian history and the biographies of popes, kings and emperors and wrote an account of the culture of early 19th century Paris, its literature, monuments and fashions, which may be of interest to historians and socialn scientists today. Laponneraye often launched ambitious multi-volume projects he could only partially complete. Even so, he produced a prodigious amount of work, sometimes in collaboration with Hippolyte Lucas. While Laponneraye's historiography may not meet academic standards of scholarship, it was not out of keeping with the romantic historiography of his day. Laponneraye's historical writings were not intended as exercises in scholarship but as efforts in popular education and republican propaganda. However, it is noteworthy that Laponneraye, anticipating Marx to some extent, saw class struggles as the driving force of history and interpreted the French Revolution as the result of a class struggle between 'exploiters' and 'exploitd'. The Revolution of 1789 had led to the triumph of the bourgeoisie but was incomplete and would eventually be completed by a proletarian revolution. A list of many of his publications from the 1830s and '40s is given below.
Revolutionary journalism and Communism.
In 1836, while still in prison, Laponneraye married Françoise Sébille. In 1837 he was released in the course of an amnesty. By now he was a respected figure among republicans and socialists. He had already made several forays into pamphleteering and journalism. In 1837 he founded his own journal, "L'Intelligence", subtitled "Journal du Droit Commun". In this he propagated his ideology of Jacobin republicanism, anti-clericalism and communism. The journal attracted talented collaborators, such as Richard Lahautière. It was read widely, not only in France but also in Switzerland, where it won the admiration of Buonarroti and his Babouvist followers. The utopian communist Étienne Cabet, who also from time to time collaborated with Laponneraye, praised "L'Intelligence" as 'the standard-bearer of the egalitarian party, the communist party' In 1839-41, Laponneraye was a member of Cabet's communist association.
Laponneraye's passionate declarations of hatred for tyranny and his history as a prisoner of conscience also attracted the attentions of the republican conspirators Louis Auguste Blanqui and Armand Barbès. Blanqui and Barbès were the leaders of the secret 'Society of the Seasons', which, in 1839, carried out an ill-fated insurrection. They had prepared a list of people they hoped to co-opt to a revolutionary Provisional Government, and Laponneraye's name was on it. The list was discovered by the police. Laponneraye avoided arrest for a few months, moving from city to city and occasionally spotted by police informers. His paper, "L'Intelligence", was shut down in 1840, and Richard Lahautière, Laponneraye's chief collaborator, was imprisoned. Laponneraye was left with a personal debt of 20,566 francs. Meanwhile, Blanqui and Barbès engaged in mutual recriminations in prison and grew to become bitter enemies.
Apparently the authorities eventually accepted that Laponneraye had not been involved in the 'Society of the Seasons' plot. In 1841 he launched a new journal, "Le Club", presented as a 'journal of political and philosophical discussion' and advocating the widest application of the 'democratic principle'. After this journal failed, he launched the "Feuilleton des Feuilletons", intended as digest of news and noteworthy publications from across Europe. This did not do well either, and in 1845, Laponneraye could not come up with the 484 francs "timbre" duty. In 1846 Laponneraye was in financial distress. His republican friends came to his aid by organising a 'subscription' to raise funds for him.
In 1847, Laponneraye published the journal "Revue Politique et Commerciale de la Méditerranée"; the title suggests that he may have been trying for a broader, more middle-class audience.
Revolution and death.
In February 1848, the Orléanist monarchy which had so often imprisoned Laponneraye was overthrown and the Second Republic proclaimed. The revolution found Laponneraye in the south of France. He welcomed it enthusiastically and threw himself into political journalism and organisational work. He contributed to "L'Indépendant" and, in October 1848, founded his own journal, "La Voix du Peuple", to which his sister Zoé also contributed. Laponneraye was then living in Marseille, where he became president of the local branch of the "Solidarité Républicaine". This association included prominent republicans like Martin Bernard, Alexandre Ledru-Rollin and Charles Delescluze. Its programme was the establishment of the 'Social and Democratic Republic' and the co-ordination and centralisation of all republican forces. In 1849 the organisation was outlawed as a 'secret society'.
Laponneraye's years of imprisonment and poverty had taken their toll. He was suffering from a heart condition and was ill-equipped to withstand the cholera epidemic that broke out in the Basse-Durance region in the fall of 1849. After an illness of several days, Laponneraye died in Marseille of what was said to be 'typhoid fever'. He was 41 years old. Alphonse Esquiros took over his duties at "La Voix du Peuple"; renamed "Le Peuple" in 1850, it became the most important republican paper in southern France.
A street in Tours is named after Albert Laponneraye.
Works.
Laponneraye's works are not generally available in English. Some of his works in French include:

</doc>
<doc id="31126481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126481" title="Berghia rissodominguezi">
Berghia rissodominguezi

Berghia rissodominguezi is a species of marine nudibranch in the family Aeolidiidae.
Distribution.
"Berghia rissodominguezi" is an inhabitant of the Western Atlantic Ocean, present in Florida, Gulf of Mexico, ABC Islands (Curacao), Jamaica, St. Lucia, Brazil and Argentina (Buenos Aires south to Patagonia).
Description.
The maximum recorded length is 52 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 0 m. Maximum recorded depth is 0 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31126483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126483" title="List of largest lakes of the United States by volume">
List of largest lakes of the United States by volume

This article lists the largest lakes, natural and man-made, in the United States by volume. Volumes given for lakes shared with Canada and Mexico are for the total volume of the lake. Many lakes vary substantially in volume over time, especially man-made lakes, reservoirs, and lakes in arid areas. Capacity given is for normal or average lake level.
Note: Volume estimates not available for Selawik and Naknek Lakes in Alaska. They would undoubtedly rank on this list if data available. Information other than otherwise noted from http://www.lakelubbers.com/, accessed 9 Mar 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31126488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126488" title="Jay Douglas">
Jay Douglas

Jay Douglas (born May 21, 1988) is an American actor, director, artist, and business entrepreneur. Perhaps best known as an actor and business entrepreneur, Douglas has starred in a variety of B movies and is a respected business entrepreneur, who has founded multiple businesses nationwide. Also a talented artist, Douglas is renowned in the artistic society for his various work with the use of watercolor, pencil, pastels, oils, and acrylics.
Early life and career.
Douglas was born in Apple Canyon Lake, Illinois. He is of British descent on his father's side and of German descent on his mother's side, and was home-schooled by his parents until age 14, where he attended his first college class at Loras College in Dubuque, Iowa. Changing his major multiple times and undecided at what he wanted to become, Douglas majored in Art, Information Technology, Criminal Justice, Science, Integrated Visual Arts, and Business. While working his way through college, Douglas worked as a Menard's salesman, IT support specialist, Web designer, Network Assistant, and Flash programmer. His first job was his own lawn care service that he started at age 13. Despite his various talents and interests, Douglas mysteriously always had a passion for acting, and at age 20, he moved to Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31126491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126491" title="WHPA">
WHPA

WHPA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31126495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126495" title="2007–08 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2007–08 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2007–2008 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2007-2008 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, ice dancing, and synchronized skating across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Warners Bay from 17 July through 25 August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31126497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126497" title="Snow River (New Zealand)">
Snow River (New Zealand)

The Snow River is a river in the Tasman Region of the South island of New Zealand. It rises at the western end of the Haupiri Range and flows northward before rounding the tip of Kill Devil Spur to join the Slate River. The Slate River is a tributary of the Aorere River, the major river of the northwestern Tasman region. 

</doc>
<doc id="31126524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126524" title="Roman Catholicism in the Azores">
Roman Catholicism in the Azores

The Roman Catholic Church in The Azores is part of the worldwide Roman Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome. The Azores was under the Grand Prior of the Order of Christ, and had their first diocese established in 1534 established in Pope Paul III. The diocese was originally suffragan to Funchal, but in 1547 it was put under the jurisdiction of the archdiocese of Lisbon.

</doc>
<doc id="31126561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126561" title="Doe v. Cahill">
Doe v. Cahill

Doe v. Cahill, 884 A.2d 451 (Del. 2005), is a significant case in the realm of anonymous internet speech and the First Amendment. While similar issues had been tackled involving criticism of a publicly traded company, the case marks the first time a U.S. State Supreme Court addressed the issue of anonymous internet speech and defamation "in the context of a case involving political criticism of a public figure."
Background.
In 2004, an anonymous internet user, referred to in the decision as Doe, posted comments under the alias "Proud Citizen" on a website called the "Smyrna/Clayton Issues Blog" regarding the performance of Patrick and Julia Cahill as City Councilman of Smyrna. The website was sponsored by the Delaware State News. The guidelines for use of the blog simply stated "his is your hometown forum for opinions about public issues."
On September 18, 2004 Doe posted the following statement:
On September 19, 2004 Doe added:
It was these two internet postings that formed the basis for the legal action discussed below.
Legal timeline.
The legal actions that led to the Delaware Supreme Court case proceeded as follows:
Adoption of standard.
As this was the first trial of its kind, the court took upon itself the task of establishing an acceptable standard for deciding a discovery request to reveal the identity of an anonymous defendant alleged to have posted defamatory material on the internet by a public figure plaintiff. The court began by reviewing the possible spectrum of applicable standards over which the court must chose as the standard for this and similar cases. In ascending order the possible standards are "good faith basis to assert a claim, ...pleading sufficient facts to survive a motion to dismiss, ...showing of "prima facie" evidence sufficient to withstand a motion for summary judgement."
The Superior Court permitted discovery of Doe's identity under the good faith standard. This good faith standard was famously applied in "In re Subpoena to AOL", where the court concluded that anonymous identities should be revealed only if:
The Delaware Supreme Court disagreed with this standard. The court rejected the good faith standard due to the danger of bringing suit simply to reveal identity without any intention of pursuing the defamation action to a final decision. This, the court concluded, would have a chilling effect on free speech on the internet in contradiction to the First Amendment.
The Supreme Court then turned to "Ramunno v. Cawley"  as an example of the motion to dismiss standard being applied to a similar case. The court used "Ramunno" as an example of a motion to dismiss standard failing to screen "silly or trivial defamation suits."
Thus, the court concluded, that in order to provide sufficient protection of anonymous internet speech and the First Amendment, a summary judgement standard is necessary. The court chose to base its summary judgement standard off of the precedent set by "Dendrite International, Inc. v. Doe No. 3". In "Dendrite", the court held that a summary judgement standard "is the appropriate test by which to strike the balance between a defamation plaintiff’s right to protect his reputation and a defendant’s right to exercise free speech anonymously." The "Dendrite" test developed in this decision has four prongs as described in "Doe v. Cahill" :
(1) to undertake efforts to notify the anonymous poster that he is the 
subject of a subpoena or application for an order of disclosure, 
and to withhold action to afford the anonymous defendant a 
reasonable opportunity to file and serve opposition to the 
application. In the internet context, the plaintiff’s efforts should 
include posting a message of notification of the discovery request 
to the anonymous defendant on the same message board as the 
original allegedly defamatory posting; 
(2) to set forth the exact statements purportedly made by the 
anonymous poster that the plaintiff alleges constitute defamatory 
speech; and 
(3) to satisfy the or “summary judgment standard.” 
Finally, after the trial court concluded that the plaintiff has presented a prima 
facie cause of action, the "Dendrite" test requires the trial court to: 
(4) balance the defendant’s First Amendment right of anonymous 
free speech against the strength of the case presented 
and the necessity for the disclosure of the anonymous defendant’s 
identity in determining whether to allow the plaintiff to properly 
proceed.
In this case, the court holds that only the first and third prongs of the "Dendrite" test are relevant, and thus adopts a summary judgement standard based on these two prongs.
Decision.
Applying the summary judgement standard described above, the judgement of the superior court was reversed, the case was remanded back to the superior court with instructions to dismiss the plaintiff's claim with prejudice. Therefore, Doe was permitted to remain anonymous.
Aftermath of the precedent.
"Doe v. Cahill" represented another victory for the protection of free anonymous speech on the internet. The precedent was notably applied in "Mobilisa, Inc. v. Doe" in 2007 and still serves as the standard for anonymous internet speech and defamation "in the context of a case involving political criticism of a public figure."

</doc>
<doc id="31126572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126572" title="Ibad Huseynov">
Ibad Huseynov

Ibad Huseynov () - was an Azerbaijani military man, scout. National Hero of Azerbaijan. Commander of the reconnaissance-sabotage group. In 1990–1994 he took part in the Karabakh War.
Biography.
Early years and military service.
Ibad Huseynov was born in 1970 in Khojavend, Azerbaijan.
In 1988–1990 years served in Soviet Army. While in army he organized upraise against soviet leadership after Soviet aggression to Baku. Demanded to withdraw Soviet troops from Baku and rejected to obey soviet regime.
Karabakh War.
During the Karabakh War Ibad Huseynov killed an Armenian soldier, who he claimed was the Armenian national hero Monte Melkonian.
On October 22, 2012 General Talib Mammadov stated:
Awards.
In 1994 he was awarded “Azerbaijani Flag” order.

</doc>
<doc id="31126574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126574" title="Shakhnazarov">
Shakhnazarov

Shakhnazarov () is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31126576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126576" title="Héctor Larrea">
Héctor Larrea

Héctor Larrea (born October 30, 1938) is an Argentine radio and television host.
Life and work.
Larrea was born in Bragado, Buenos Aires Province, in 1938. He lost his father at age nine, and found comfort with his mother in radio broadcasting, particularly Tango shows. He participated in high school plays, and following graduation, attended the Institute of Higher Radio Broadcasting Studies (ISER) in Buenos Aires. He met his first wife, Leonor Ferrara, at ISER, and earned a degree in broadcasting in 1962. He debuted on the radio at LOR Radio Argentina, and shortly afterward on television as co-host with Nelly Raymond of "La campana de cristal", a talk show.
Larrea later worked the presenter on "El show de Sandro" (a musical program hosted by popular crooner Sandro de América), as well as for numerous Tango orchestras. He inaugurated what would become his signature radio program, "Rapidísimo", in 1967. Larrea designed the format for the show, which in English would translate as "Promptly," to air a variety of music in its 30 minute morning rush hour slot. He became known to listeners for his hurried, yet precise, speech, and the show was among the first in Argentina to include on-air caller requests and participation. "Rapidísimo" won the host numerous Martín Fierro Awards, making him among the broadcasters most so honored.
He remained active in television, and hosted the comedy sketch show, "Humor redondo", in 1968, the children's show, "El mundo de Calculín" (based on Manuel García Ferré's cartoon characters) in 1976, and the sitcom, "Totalmente", in 1999, among other programs. Larrea, who lost his second wife to breast cancer, underwent a number of surgeries to remove polyps in 2000 and 2001, and to repair a broken meniscus suffered in a fall in 2004. He recovered, and hosted the Broadway theatre premiere of Juan de Dios Filiberto's "Quejas de Bandoneón". Disputes with the new management at Radio Rivadavia forced Larrea to cancel the long-running "Rapidísimo" in 2004, however, though he continued as host of "Una vuelta Nacional", which he launched at the public LRA Radio Nacional in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31126590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126590" title="Pat Sullivan (manager)">
Pat Sullivan (manager)

Patrick Joseph Sullivan (March 24, 1854 – February 26, 1896) was professional baseball manager for a period of three games for the Columbus Solons of the American Association. During this period, his team won two games and lost one. He replaced Al Buckenberger, and Gus Schmelz replaced Sullivan, and remained their manager until the team folded following the 1891 season.
Sullivan died in Columbus, Ohio at the age of 41.

</doc>
<doc id="31126601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126601" title="Richmond Waller">
Richmond Waller

Richmond Campbell Shakespear Waller (26 July 1879 – 28 June 1950) was an English cricketer and decorated Royal Marines officer. He was born in Clifton, Bristol. He was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College from 1893 to 1897.
Cricket career.
Waller made his debut for Devon in the 1909 Minor Counties Championship against Cornwall. From 1909 to 1910, he represented the county in five Championship matches, the last of which came against Berkshire.
Waller played a single first-class match for Army and Navy against a combined Oxford and Cambridge Universities team in 1910. In his only first-class innings he scored a single run before being dismissed by Frank Tuff, and bowled 9 wicket-less overs.
Military service.
Waller served in the Royal Marines. He was first mentioned in the London Gazette in 1899, detailing his promotion to Lieutenant. In 1909, he was mentioned once more, this time detailing his promotion to Captain. Waller served in World War I, where he was present during the Battle of Jutland in 1916. He was mentioned in dispatches by Vice-Admiral Sir Doveton Sturdee: 
""This officer has served continuously in the Home and Grand Fleet from April, 1913, and has been in charge of the wireless organisation of a Battle Squadron since the commencement of hostilities. This squadron was composed of new ships of various types which had been hurriedly completed and the work entailed in bringing the wireless installations of ships designed for foreign powers' into effective working order was carried out entirely satisfactorily. Is unceasing in his endeavours to improve the wireless of the squadron, and has been of valuable assistance since I have been in command; an excellent Marine Officer."" 
His praise earnt him promotion to Brevet Major. He later reached the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and was awarded the Légion d'honneur by France and with it the Croix de Guerre, for his service during the war. He died on 28 June 1950 in Colchester, Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="31126604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126604" title="Robin Rae">
Robin Rae

Robin Rae (born 18 January 1964 in Musselburgh) is a Scottish former football goalkeeper, who played for Hibernian, Morton, Hamilton and Berwick in the Scottish Football League. Rae also represented Scotland at youth international level and he played in the team that won the 1982 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
Rae also played as a centre forward in junior football.

</doc>
<doc id="31126621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126621" title="Ross RH-3">
Ross RH-3

The Ross RH-3 is a single seat, mid-wing glider that was designed by Harland Ross.
Design and development.
Ross designed the R-3 as simplified version of the Ross R-2 Ibis with the intention of making the aircraft type easier to construct for amateur builders. The fuselage remained similar to the R-2, but the wing was redesigned as a straight wing, in contrast to the R-2's complex gull wing. The R-3 design was intended to be of all-wooden construction and employed a NACA 23018 airfoil section. Ross never constructed an example of the R-3.
Marvin Hicks of Aurora, Colorado purchased a set of plans and built a modified version of the aircraft over a ten-year period, culminating in a first flight on 1 January 1963. Hicks' aircraft used an increased span wing with flaps and a NACA 63 (3)-618 laminar flow airfoil. He designated the aircraft as the RH-3, indicating "Ross-Hicks" as contributing designers. The RH-3 proved to be a good performer in soaring contests.

</doc>
<doc id="31126632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126632" title="City of Knoxville Fire Department">
City of Knoxville Fire Department

The City of Knoxville Fire Department (KFD) is provides fire protection and emergency medical services for the city of Knoxville, Tennessee. The Knoxville Fire Department responded to 20,722 emergency calls in 2012, with 10,803 being emergency medical-related incidents. The KFD serves approximately 180,750 people living in within the city limits.
History.
The Knoxville Fire Department can trace its beginnings all the way back to 1854 when Town Marshal J.D. Stacks saw the need for an organized bank of firemen. But it was in March 1885 when the city of Knoxville formed a full-time, paid fire department. With only seven employees, the department's first Fire Chief, Herman Schenk, took on the duties of protecting the city. 
By the turn of the century, the number of firefighters in the department had grown to 30. With the increase in personnel came the need for more fire stations and better equipment. In the last 100 years, the Knoxville Fire Department has grown from the Headquarters station in an old livery stable building with two horse drawn engine companies and one aerial truck company to 19 fire stations, out of which 42 engine, ladder, rescue, and hazmat companies, as well as tankers, rescue boats and other specialty equipment operate.
The department has also kept abreast of the latest in fire suppression technology and has incorporated state-of-the-art firefighting and communication equipment into its system. As the 21st Century draws near, the Knoxville Fire Department stands ready with dedicated men and women. The technology may change as the years progress, but the heart and soul of the department does not.
Organization.
The Knoxville Fire Department is divided into several divisions of operation: Fire suppression, training center, public education, codes and inspections, fire and explosives investigations, logitstics, EMS, and maintenance shop.
First Responder program.
The Knoxville Fire Department operates a First Responder program utilizing EMT and Paramedic firefighters to respond to life threatening medical emergencies. Units from the Knoxville Fire Department will respond and stabilize the victim until an ambulance arrives to transport the victim to a hospital. Ambulance service in the City of Knoxville has been provided by Rural/Metro Ambulance under a contract with Knox County since 1985.
ISO Rating.
The Knoxville Fire Department maintains a Class 3 ISO rating.
Notable Incidents.
Million Dollar Fire.
By the end of the blaze, five people had perished and losses were estimated at more than a million dollars (approximately $25.8 million in 2010 dollars ). The fire department resorted to using dynamite to stop the spread of the fire to other nearby buildings.
McClung Warehouse Fires.
On February 7, 2007 the former McClung Warehouses in the 500 block of Jackson Avenue burned. Heavy damage was sustained to several buildings in the area. During the three alarm fire, several building collapses occurred, one of which heavily damaged Ladder 3. Additionally, four firefighters were injured when they were trapped upstairs in the burning building and has to make a hasty escape through a window using a fire hose as a makeshift rope ladder. The warehouses, some of which dated back to 1893, were mostly vacant at the time of the fire. The property owner was listed as owing back taxes on the property of more than $21,000 at the time of the blaze.
Another portion of the McClung Warehouse building was destroyed by fire in the early morning hours of February 1, 2014. This occurred less than a year after the City of Knoxville purchased the remaining warehouses with plans of encouraging developers to utilize them in urban renewal projects. Shortly after the two alarm blaze, city officials demolished another portion of the derelict structure. 

</doc>
<doc id="31126636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126636" title="2002 Barcelona Dragons season">
2002 Barcelona Dragons season

The 2002 Barcelona Dragons season was the tenth season for the franchise in the NFL Europe League (NFLEL). The team was led by head coach Jack Bicknell in his tenth year, and played its home games at Estadi Olímpic de Montjuïc and Mini Estadi in Barcelona, Spain. They finished the regular season in sixth place with a record of two wins and eight losses.

</doc>
<doc id="31126637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126637" title="Philip Smouha">
Philip Smouha

Philip Smouha was born on 3 May 1952 in Sydney, Australia, and was the owner of Smouha Fabrics Group. He is married to fashion designer Lisa Ho and has worked in the fashion industry for over 40 years. 
His main business was Smouha Fabrics, a fabric importer and family business. In his capacity there he worked with designers Lisa Ho, Sass and Bide, Alice McCall, Supre, and others. He also owned Hills Textiles and brewery Lucky Drink Company. Due to the financial crisis, the three businesses went into voluntary administration in March 2009. He has handled the crisis by selling off a number of his properties, both business and personal, to pay creditors. His Bellevue Hill home was sold for 17 million AUD in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31126662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126662" title="Serebrennikov">
Serebrennikov

Serebrennikov (Russian, Ukrainian: Сере́бренников) is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31126668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126668" title="Berghia norvegica">
Berghia norvegica

Berghia norvegica is a species of marine nudibranch in the family Aeolidiidae.
Distribution.
"Berghia norvegica" is present in European waters.

</doc>
<doc id="31126672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126672" title="2002 Scottish Claymores season">
2002 Scottish Claymores season

The 2002 Scottish Claymores season was the eighth season for the team in the NFL Europe League.

</doc>
<doc id="31126685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126685" title="Mizinga Melu">
Mizinga Melu

Mizinga Melu, is a Zambian businesswoman, accountant, and bank executive. She is the current Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, of National Bank of Commerce (Tanzania). She was appointed to that position in March 2013, and assumed office on 20 May 2013. Prior to that, she served as the Managing Director and CEO of Standard Chartered Bank Zambia, from January 2008 until May 2013.
Overview.
Mrs. Melu is the first Zambian and the first woman to hold the position of Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer at Standard Chartered Bank Zambia and during her tenure, was the only female Chief Executive Officer in the thirteen African countries where Standard Chartered Bank maintains subsidiaries.
History.
She was born on 17 March 1968, in Mazabuka, Mazabuka District, in Zambia's Southern Province.
She worked at Zambia National Commercial Bank in the late 1980s and early 1990s. In 1993, she joined Standard Chartered Bank and over the years worked at the bank's subsidiaries in different countries, including the following: Zambia, South Africa, Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, the United States of America and the United Kingdom. Her last position prior to assuming her current position in Zambia was as the "Global Head of Development Organizations" at the bank's International headquarters in London, UK.
Education.
She attended "Roma Girls Secondary School", graduating in 1985. After obtaining her first degree from the University of Zambia (UNZA), she obtained the degree of Master of Business Administration (MBA) from
Henley Management College, of the University of Reading, in the United Kingdom.
Other responsibilities.
Mizinga Melu is married and is the mother of one son. She also served as Chairperson of the Bankers Association of Zambia. She was elected to that position on 10 March 2011, serving in that capacity until May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31126687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126687" title="Seth Porter Ford">
Seth Porter Ford

Seth Porter Ford (1817–1866) was an American physician in the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Life.
Seth Porter Ford was born October 12, 1817 in Washington, Connecticut.
His father was John Mansfield Ford (1785–1843) and mother was Polly Ann Calhoun (1796–1864).
He studied medicine from 1846 to 1847 at Yale University and published a book on inflammation there.
Ford married Maria N. Fowler on January 1, 1850. She was daughter of physician Remus M. Fowler.
The couple came to Honolulu in 1852 from Boston. After trying to open two hospitals that were financial failures, his first wife returned to the US and he filed for divorce.
He was a founding member of the Hawaiian Medical Association in 1856.
He married Carolina (Carrie) Jackson in 1858. They had a daughter Lois Carrie Ford, who married first cousin Porter Dwight Ford in 1883.
Seth Porter Ford became a member of the Honolulu Rifles in 1864.
Ford died on November 19, 1866.
Jackson had just assumed ownership of a small island in Pearl Harbor known as "Moku umeume" in the Hawaiian language.
It was then known as Ford Island, and became the home of the Naval Auxiliary Landing Field Ford Island.

</doc>
<doc id="31126688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126688" title="Nielsen Park">
Nielsen Park

Nielsen Park is a part of Sydney Harbour National Park at the suburb of Vaucluse in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, Australia. It is a popular recreation area and beach on Port Jackson. The kiosk is dated from 1914.
History and description.
Previously part of the Wentworth Estate, the area which became Nielsen Park was once owned by William Wentworth. It was disused since 1898 after the death of Wentworth's last surviving unmarried daughter Eliza Sophia Wentworth, at a time when little of Sydney Harbour's foreshore was accessible to the public. From the 1890s, pressure built to buy back private land, and following agitation by the Harbor Foreshores Vigilance Committee (sic), the New South Wales state government took control of 22.9 acres (9.264 ha) of the Vaucluse estate on 6 July 1910. Known as Vaucluse Park. It was soon renamed Nielsen Park after the Hon. N.R.W. Nielsen, the Secretary (Minister) for Lands, from 1910 to 1911, once an additional 51 acres (20.65 ha) were added in 1911. 
The historic 1851 residence Greycliffe House lies within its grounds, and after 1911 served as a neonatal hospital and mothercraft residence before its eventual function as an office for the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service and visitors centre for the Sydney Harbour National Park. Nielsen Park is part of the traditional land of the Eora or Birrabirragal people. Shell middens lie on the walk west of Nielsen Park towards Rose Bay. When storms and strong seas hit Sydney's coastline, Nielsen Park is suited to surfing.
Rare flora and fauna.
The last mainland Eastern Quoll specimen was collected as roadkill at Nielsen Park on 31 January 1963.
The rare Nielsen Park She-Oak was originally identified here in 1986 from ten specimens. Those original plants have since died. However, efforts to propagate and reintroduce the species began from the time it was identified, and plants were planted at several locations around Nielsen Park and nearby Gap Bluff and Hermit Point. Fifty-four of these remained alive in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31126703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126703" title="Kaalratri">
Kaalratri

Maa Kala Ratri is the seventh form amongst the Navadurga or the nine forms of the Hindu goddess Parvati or (Shakti). She is worshipped during the nine nights of Navratri celebrations.
. The seventh day of Navratri pooja (ritual) is dedicated to Durga Kalaratri and she is considered the most violent form of Goddess Durga. Kalaratri is the one of the fiercest forms of Durga and her appearance itself evokes fear. 
This form of Goddess is believed to be the destroyer of all demon entities, ghosts, spirits and negative energies, who flee upon knowing of her arrival.
Mythology.
Kaal Ratri means the One who is “the Death of Kaal”. Here Kaal is dedicated as time & death and "ratri" means night. Kaal Ratri is the one who destroys ignorance and removes darkness. This form primarily depicts that life also has a dark side – the violence of Mother Nature, creating havoc and removing all dirt. She is also known as "Shubhamkari" or "good-doing". In taking this form the Goddess Kalaratri killed the demon Raktabeej, who could multiply from every drop of his blood as it fell on the ground. The Goddess Kalaratri killed him by licking his blood before it could reach the ground and hence conquered him. She is believed to endow her devotees with both calm and courage.
The complexion of Maa Kalaratri is like dark night with bountiful hair and heavenly shaped form, and, she has four hands. The left two hands holds a cleaver and a torch, and the right two are in the mudras of “giving” and “protecting”. She wears a necklace that shines like the moon. Kalaratri has three eyes which emanate rays like lightning. Flames appear through her nostrils when she inhales or exhales. Her mount is the donkey, often considered as a donkey's corpse. Blue, red and white colors should be used to wear on this day.
The appearance of Maa Kalaratri can be seen as being very dangerous for evil-doers. But she always bears good fruits for her devotees who are not afraid of her and all should avoid fear when faced with her, for she removes the darkness of worry from life of her "bhaktas" or worshipers. Her worship on 7th day of Navratri has very much a high importance to Yogis and Sādhakas. Yogis & Sādhaka penance on Shahtra Chakra on this day. For the worshipers on this day door opens of every siddhi, power and practice in the universe.

</doc>
<doc id="31126704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126704" title="2006–07 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2006–07 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2006–2007 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006-2007 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, ice dancing, and synchronized skating across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Brisbane from 19 August through 26 August 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31126712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126712" title="Ruidoso Public Library">
Ruidoso Public Library

Ruidoso Public Library is the library serving Ruidoso, Ruidoso Downs, Alto, and greater Lincoln County area in New Mexico, USA.
History.
Starting in 1954, the library developed from the Woman's Club small collection of books. It was later housed in the Ruidoso Municipal Building. The first library building was built in 1974 at 501 Sudderth Dr. and is now the Senior Citizens Center. The current library was built in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31126721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126721" title="Pickering Park, Kingston upon Hull">
Pickering Park, Kingston upon Hull

Pickering Park is a park in the western suburbs of Kingston upon Hull, on the north side of Hessle Road, near Anlaby, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Description and facilities.
Pickering Park is a council run park of with an ornamental and sensory gardens, aviaries, and a playground and paddling pool. Sport facilities at the park are four football pitches, and an 80 peg lake for fishing.
History.
The park was opened 13 July 1911, a gift from Christopher Pickering, a successful trawler owner, and benefactor;, part of a model village development including almshouses and a children's home. The city's first nautical museum, the "Museum of Fisheries and Shipping" opened in Pickering Park in 1912, later to move to the former Hull Dock company offices and become the Hull Maritime Museum.
The associated almshouses, the former museum (as of 2011 a boxing club), and a related pumping station, are all listed buildings, as are the original iron park gates, which are one of the few early 20th century ornamental iron structures in Hull to have survived the Second World War drive for scrap iron.

</doc>
<doc id="31126741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126741" title="2011 FC Bunyodkor season">
2011 FC Bunyodkor season

The 2011 season was Bunyodkors 5th season in the Uzbek League, which the finished as champions for the 4th time. They also competed in the 2011 Uzbekistan Cup getting knocked out in the Semi-final stages by Nasaf Qarshi. The participated in the 2011 AFC Champions League, reaching the Last 16 stage before losing to Sepahan of Iran.
Players.
Squad.
Former Bunyodkor player Jasur Hasanov moved back to Bunyodkor from on year on loan transfer to Lekhwiya club, but according PFL regulations he can not play for the club in first half of the season.
Youth squad.
Youth squad of Bunyodkor plays in "Uzbek Youth League"
Transfers.
Winter 2010-11.
In:
Out:
Out on loan.
Karim Izrailov presented as new club's player on 24 February 2011, moved on loan to FK Dinamo Samarqand.
Summer 2011.
In:
Out:
Friendlies.
Pre-season.
During the winter break Bunyodkor went to a training camp in Turkey where club played 5 friendly matches.
Mid-season.
Training match during FIFA official match days
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Player statistics are only for Uzbek League matches, after season end. Competitive matches only, includes appearances as substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="31126747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126747" title="Hongshao rou">
Hongshao rou

Hong shao rou (also "Red Braised Pork"; Chinese: 红烧肉) is a classic pork dish from mainland China, cooked using pork belly and a combination of ginger, garlic, aromatic spices, chilli peppers, sugar, light and dark soy, and rice wine. The pork belly is cooked until the fat and skin are gelatinous and melt easily in the mouth, while the sauce is usually thick, sweet and fairly sticky.
As the English name suggests, the melt in the mouth texture is formed as a result of a long braising process, using relatively little liquid.

</doc>
<doc id="31126762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126762" title="RAAF Base Nabiac">
RAAF Base Nabiac

RAAF Base Nabiac was an advanced operating base for the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), during the Second World War, near Nabiac, New South Wales, Australia. Constructed in 1942 by the NSW Public Works Department to the south east of Nabiac. The aerodrome consisted of four runways, with associated bomb dumps and camouflaged hangars for the Avro Anson and Douglas Boston aircraft stationed at the aerodrome. The base was closed after the war and became was disused. New England Airways later commenced a passenger and freight service and later Butler Air Transport then took over operations until 1952, when Wallis Island Aerodrome at Forster was opened.
The Central North Coast Sporting Car Club, Taree now utilise the site and they hold regular motor sport events on the gravel runways.

</doc>
<doc id="31126765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126765" title="Archimedes (bryozoan)">
Archimedes (bryozoan)

Archimedes is a genus of Bryozoans belonging to the family Fenestellidae. The first use of the term "Archimedes" in relation to this genus was in 1838.
Etymology.
This genus of bryozoans is named "Archimedes" because of its corkscrew shape, in analogy to the Archimedes' screw, a type of water pump which inspired modern ship propellers. These forms are pretty common as fossils but they have been extinct since the Permian.
Fossil range.
These bryozoans lived from the Carboniferous period (Tournaisian age) to the Permian period (Leonard age) (345.3 to 268.0 Ma), when this genus became extinct. 
Description.
"Archimedes" were tubular-shaped zooids part of colonial animals. In life the individual animals formed spiral sheets that were attached to a central corkscrew skeletal structure. The whole structure would be attached to the seafloor or a shell. These bryozoans were stationary epifaunal suspension feeders. 
The live creature had a delicate calcareous lattice structure representative of fenestrate growth forms, but in most fossils these latices have been destroyed, leaving only the spiral backbone.
Distribution.
The majority of fossils of this genus are distributed throughout Europe and North America, but they have also been found in sediments of Afghanistan, Canada, Russia, and Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="31126776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126776" title="World Youth Netball Championships">
World Youth Netball Championships

The World Youth Netball Championships is the world championships of netball for national U21 teams, with all players being aged 21 years or younger. The event started in Canberra in 1988, and has been held roughly every four years since. The most recent tournament was held in July 2009 in the Cook Islands, where Australia U21 defeated New Zealand U21 in the finals.
In the lead up to the 2009 World Youth Championship in the Cook Islands, there was considerable anxiety over the facilities, and whether they would be up to standards. The prime minister reconfirmed that his government would deliver a new venue. Before this, the International Netball Federation also reaffirmed their support for hosting the event in the Cook Islands. The Chinese government had offered to step in and loan the country NZ$9.3 million to help pay the costs for constructing the facility. The loan was controversial as some organizations felt the country had misplaced priorities. During that period, the government also sought to increase the size of the loan for the facility to $13 million NZD. The opposition leader Norman George was very unhappy with how the government handled the whole situation regarding new sporting facilities to be built for the World Youth Netball Championships and the 2009 Pacific Mini Games.
One of the top performances for the Canadian women's national netball team was at the 2nd World Youth Netball Championship when they came in third.

</doc>
<doc id="31126783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126783" title="MOI&amp;cie (TV channel)">
MOI&amp;cie (TV channel)

MOI&cie is a Canadian French language Category B specialty channel. MOI&cie airs lifestyle and entertainment programming aimed at women. It is owned by TVA Group, a division of Quebecor Media.
History.
The channel launched on May 2, 2011 in both standard and high definition as 'Mlle'. On September 12, 2011, Mlle was launched on Shaw Direct; it is now available across the country.
On February 1, 2013, Mlle was re-branded as "MOI&cie", as an extension of Quebecor's magazine of the same name.
MOI&cie HD.
On May 2, 2011, MOI&cie launched "MOI&cie HD", a high definition simulcast of the standard definition feed. It is available on Bell Fibe TV, Cogeco and Vidéotron.

</doc>
<doc id="31126787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126787" title="Ross R-2 Ibis">
Ross R-2 Ibis

The Ross R-2 Ibis was a single seat, mid-wing, gull winged glider that was designed by Harland Ross in about 1938, under a commission from the Soaring Society of America. The sole example was destroyed in 1940.
Design and development.
With the success of the Ross RS-1 Zanonia placing third at the 1937 US Nationals and also winning second place in the Eaton Design Contest, the Soaring Society of America commissioned Ross to design and build a new sailplane for the SSA's promotional use. The resulting R-2 was named for the Ibis bird and was very similar to the RS-1, using a similar gull wing of span and an all-flying tail.
Even though the sole example was only flown for three years the R-2 lead to the Ross RH-3 design.
Operational history.
In use the R-2 was quite successful, making the first wave soaring flight in the United States on 25 October 1938 in the White Mountains of New Hampshire.
The glider was written off after an auto-towing accident in 1940 after the pilot attempted to reverse the tow.

</doc>
<doc id="31126806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126806" title="2005–06 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2005–06 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2005–2006 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006-2007 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, ice dancing, and synchronized skating across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Perth from 20 August through 27 August 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31126819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126819" title="Berghia marcusi">
Berghia marcusi

Berghia marcusi is a species of marine nudibranch in the family Aeolidiidae.
Distribution.
"Berghia marcusi" is present in western Atlantic Ocean, from Jamaica south to Brazil (Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo).
Description.
It has a maximum reported size of 16.6 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="31126833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126833" title="Close to You (Father MC album)">
Close to You (Father MC album)

Close to You is the second studio album from American hip hop artist Father MC, released in 1992 on Uptown Records.
The album peaked at number one hundred eighty-five on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
Release and reception.
The album peaked at the hundred and eighty-fifth spot on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 and reached the thirty-fourth spot on the R&B Albums chart.
Alex Henderson of Allmusic gave the album a positive review, noting that the "release demonstrates that pop-rap can have integrity," and calling the work "a solid, enjoyable follow-up for the Bronx native."
Track listing.
All music by Mark Morales and Mark C. Rooney except where noted.
Personnel.
Information taken from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="31126852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126852" title="Nutone">
Nutone

Nutone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31126905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126905" title="Joseph Maraachli case">
Joseph Maraachli case

The Joseph Maraachli case refers to an international controversy over the life of Joseph Maraachli, commonly known as Baby Joseph, a Canadian infant who was diagnosed with a rare progressive and incurable neurologic disorder called Leigh's disease. After Canadian doctors refused to perform a tracheotomy, calling the procedure invasive and futile, Joseph's parents fought to have him transferred to the United States, arguing that while Joseph's disease was terminal, a tracheotomy would extend his life and allow him to die at home. After several months and efforts by American pro-life groups, Joseph was transferred to a Catholic hospital in St. Louis, Missouri, where the procedure was performed.
The successfully-obtained procedure extended Joseph's life for several months. Joseph died on Tuesday, September 27, 2011 at his home.
History.
Background.
Joseph Maraachli was born on January 22, 2010. His parents, Moe Maraachli and Sana Nader, immigrated to Canada from Lebanon in the 1990s, settling in Windsor, Ontario. 
In 2002, the couple's 18-month-old daughter, Zina, died from a degenerative disorder. After undergoing a tracheotomy, she was taken home and cared for by her parents for her final sixth months. Then when she was near death, her parents took her back to the hospital, hoping to make her as comfortable as possible.
Moe Maraachli once repaired computers, but gave up this work to take care of his wife Sana, who has lupus. The couple depended on Sana's disability payments and support from her family.
Beginning of medical issues.
When Joseph was around three months old, his parents said they noticed he couldn't eat or breathe properly, and wouldn't open his eyes or cry. In June 2010, they took him to a hospital in Michigan a few miles away from Windsor, which is located directly on the Canada – United States border. At the Michigan hospital, he was diagnosed with a metabolic brain disease that the doctor said would make him developmentally delayed, and was treated, his health reportedly improving. However, in the car on the way back from a family trip to Toronto in October 2010, he stopped breathing, so he was rushed to an emergency room in Ingersoll and later transferred to the London Health Sciences Centre (LHSC) in London.
Parents and doctors disagree.
Tests and examinations on Joseph were carried out by eight specialists over a few weeks following his transfer to the LHSC. The doctors concluded that he was suffering from a "severe and progressively deteriorating neurological state" and was in a persistent vegetative state. They were in "unanimous agreement" that he did not have any chance of recovering and that there were no treatment options available to help him. 
The parents disputed the conclusion that Joseph was in a persistent vegetative state, saying he responded to being tickled and jostled when he felt discomfort. The family wanted a tracheotomy for him, believing it would allow him to breathe on his own, and thus be taken out of the hospital so he could "die peacefully with mom, dad at home." They hoped the procedure could prolong Joseph's life by up to six months because it had extended his older sister Zina's life by six months when she was dying of the same condition. The couple also stated that, if their son was able to live longer due to the procedure, he would die "when God says he should."
The doctors at the hospital refused to perform a tracheotomy because they said it would needlessly protract Joseph's death and increase the risk of infection, pneumonia, and other complications. Since the time of Zina's tracheotomy, more had been learned about the procedure, leading doctors to conclude it was not appropriate in Joseph's case. Dr. Douglas Fraser, a pediatric critical care specialist and the lead doctor handling the case, proposed that Joseph's breathing tube be removed, with the expectation that he would die soon afterward from his inability to breathe unaided. His parents refused to agree to this proposal.
Legal challenges.
London Heath Services Centre directed the case to the Consent and Capacity Board of Ontario. It explained in a statement that it sought the Board's decision on "whether or not Joseph’s parents were complying with the principles for substitute decision-making under the provincial "Health Care Consent Act" in refusing to consent to the proposed treatment plan."
The hearing before the Board took place in January 2011. On January 22, the Board released its decision, holding that the course of action in the child's "best interests" would be "removal of the endotracheal tube without replacement, a Do Not Resuscitate order and palliative care."
The parents were ordered to consent to the removal of the breathing tube. They decided to appeal the Board's decision in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice, retaining a lawyer, Geoff Snow, through legal aid. The case was heard by Justice Helen Rady on February 17, 2011. An hour after the lawyers delivered their arguments, Justice Rady returned with her decision, upholding the Board's decision as "reasonable" and dismissing the family's appeal.
Removal of the breathing tube had been scheduled for the morning of February 18, but Justice Rady moved the date to February 21, stating the intent of giving the family "adequate time to say their good-byes." The family was ordered to give consent for the breathing tube's removal by February 21. 
On February 20, the family fired Snow, as he did not advise pursuing an appeal of Justice Rady's ruling. With the support of Alex Schadenberg of the Euthanasia Prevention Coalition, they took on a new lawyer, Mark Handelman. The family refused to consent to the breathing tube's removal, and thus it was not removed on February 21. Handelman attempted to negotiate Joseph's transfer to the Children's Hospital of Michigan in Detroit. The Children's Hospital initially accepted the request, but later chose to reject the request after receiving the baby's medical file.
On February 28, the London Health Services Centre put out a media release, stating it was willing to transfer Joseph to his home but would remove the ventilator once he was there. Handelman confirmed that the hospital had made such an offer, but objected to its public disclosure, stating it had been presented during confidential negotiations. He said Joseph's parents had already rejected the offer prior to the media release, considering it "unacceptable."
On March 1, it was revealed that Handelman was no longer representing the family, though he did not disclose the reason. The family retained another lawyer, Claudio Martini, on March 5, and he announced the following week that they planned to file an appeal of the Superior Court decision.
Transfer to the United States.
Various pro-life organizations such as Priests for Life, the Terri Schiavo Life & Hope Network, and the American Center for Law and Justice, among others, began helping the family and began negotiating in March 2011 with hospitals around the United States to have Joseph transferred. Priests for Life announced it had secured a jet which was standing by to immediately fly the family to any American hospital willing to care for Joseph.
On March 14, 2011, Priests for Life announced it had secured a transfer to SSM Cardinal Glennon Children's Medical Center, a non-profit Catholic hospital in St. Louis, Missouri, declaring victory in the "battle against the medical bureaucracy in Canada." Priests for Life also announced it would pay for Joseph's medical care at Cardinal Glennon.
Once Joseph was in Cardinal Glennon, Priests for Life said hospital officials were happy that Joseph was breathing mostly on his own, but the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" reported that "Cardinal Glennon officials said they were 'puzzled' by those claims and said Joseph remained on a ventilator."
On March 21, 2011, doctors performed a tracheotomy on Joseph. He was expected to remain in the hospital for seven to ten days, then be transferred to a St. Louis pediatric specialty hospital, then be sent home with his family. Joseph was baptized the week of the tracheotomy. Maraachli and Nader are an interfaith couple, being Muslim and Catholic, respectively; Maraachli said he wanted his son to be "raised in the religion of his mother."
Diagnosis.
Doctors at the SSM Cardinal Glennon Children's Medical Center diagnosed Joseph with Leigh's disease, a rare neurometabolic disorder which causes the degeneration of the central nervous system. The disease is usually inherited, but no genetic link for Joseph was found after his parents were tested. The Maraachlis lost an 18-month old child to the same condition eight years before Joseph was diagnosed. The doctors at the SSM hospital said the tracheotomy they performed gave Joseph a more stable airway, extra mobility and comfort, and protected his lungs.
Going home.
On April 21, 2011, Joseph was transported from the hospital in St. Louis to his home in Windsor, Ontario. Priests for Life paid for all of the medical bills incurred and the return flight home.
At home, Joseph was breathing on his own and showed signs of consciousness, such as opening his eyes or moving around in response to his father's touch; his father said Joseph knew when he was holding him. Brother Paul O'Donnell, a friend of the Maraachli family, says he had seen Joseph turn his head to his father when his father spoke, and to his mother when his mother spoke, and also said he had seen him throw temper tantrums such as when his diaper was changed. At one point in the presence of a "Vancouver Sun" reporter, Joseph's father held out his finger and Joseph grabbed it. With Joseph home, his father said, "I feel victorious. I feel I won and my baby's alive." O'Donnell described Joseph's condition at home as a miracle. Joseph's father said the fact that he had to travel to St. Louis to get care for his son angered him. However, the "Vancouver Sun" reported that he was positive about the outcome of his and others' efforts, and said he didn't think about when his son would die, but left that up to God.
Death.
Joseph lived more than 6 months after the tracheotomy, breathing on his own, and died peacefully in his sleep on September 27, 2011 at the age of 20 months. He had been living at home with his family since April 21, 2011. Fr. Pavone said, "This young boy and his parents fulfilled a special mission from God. Amidst a Culture of Death where despair leads us to dispose of the vulnerable, Maraachli family upheld a Culture of Life where hope leads us to welcome and care for the vulnerable."
A private funeral for Joseph was held on September 28. He was buried beside his sister Zina at a cemetery in Windsor.
Aftermath.
On October 4, 2011, the Maraachlis held a press conference with the Terri Schiavo Life & Hope Network in which Moe Maraachli said he was considering a request for an investigation and a lawsuit against the Canadian doctors who refused to treat and release Joseph, noting that the family incurred over $46,000 in legal fees during the ordeal. Maraachli said he was angry at the Canadian doctors but thankful for the Cardinal Glennon "angel doctors". Maraachli said Joseph wasn't suffering or in pain at home. The family and the Network are exploring ways to work together to promote the pro-life position with respect to end-of-life issues. Maraachli said he wants the Canadian medical system to change so that doctors are required to more seriously consider the wishes of the family of a dying family member. He said he would "go after" the Canadian doctors. Maraachli had a message for Joseph:
Impact.
The case became a focal point for the ethical debate over the extent to which end-of-life care should be provided. The case draws many parallels to the Terri Schiavo case, where a court ordered hydration removed from a woman in a vegetative state, in compliance with the consent authorized by her husband, despite protests from her parents. Schiavo subsequently died of dehydration. The Terri Schiavo Life & Hope Network, a foundation founded by Schiavo's family, was involved in the Maraachli case. The international pro-life community rallied around the family, offering support and money to help pay for the medical costs.

</doc>
<doc id="31126932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126932" title="Russell Holmes">
Russell Holmes

Russell Earl Holmes (politician) is an American politician who serves as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives since 2011. He is a Democrat representing the sixth district of Suffolk county which includes the Boston neighborhoods of Dorchester, Hyde Park, Jamaica Plain, Mattapan and Roslindale.
Early Life, Education and Business career.
Russell Earl Holmes was born on August 17, 1969 in Mound Bayou, Mississippi. His parents were never married and his father moved to Boston to attend Tufts University after his high school graduation. His mother remained in Mound Bayou and Russell spent most school years in Mississippi and summers in Mattapan. Several of Russell’s school years were spent in Boston, where he graduated from Thompson Middle School and Hyde Park High School. Russell stayed in Boston for college and graduated from Boston University with a degree in mechanical engineering in 1992. He later received his MBA from Northeastern University in 2000. He currently works as a Certified Financial Planner at Ameriprise Financial
From 1994 to 2002, Russell worked at Brooks PRI Automation, a $400 million manufacturer of robotics in Chelmsford. He started as an engineer and climbed the ladder into management. While working at Brooks, Russell also owned and operated a small video store in Brookline that he closed in 2004.
Community Service.
Soon after Russell purchased his home in Mattapan, he got involved in public service and civic activism by starting a street cleaning initiative. As a community leader, Russell has chaired the Mattapan Library Task Force and the Mattapan Economic Development Initiative (MEDI).
Russell teaches Sunday school at the Church of Christ in Roxbury. He has also tutored elementary, high school, and college students on academic and life skills and has served as a Big Brother in Big Brothers Big Sisters of America.
Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Elected in November 2010, Russell Holmes represents Massachusetts’ Sixth Suffolk District, which includes a portion of the communities of Dorchester, Mattapan, Hyde Park, Roslindale, and Jamaica Plain.
Some of his greater career highlights are he is one of few to ever be made a Vice Chairman in his Sophomore year as a legislator. He also served as Treasurer for the 187th General Court Freshman class and was formerly a member of the Judiciary Committee. Rep. Holmes was one of a handful of legislators nationally selected to participate in the Emerging Leaders program at University of Virginia Darden School of Business. He was formerly a member of the Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) Card Commission. Currently Representative Holmes serves as the Treasurer of the Black and Latino Caucus of Massachusetts and is a member of both, the Joint Committee of Financial Services as well as the Joint Committee of on Housing.
Russell Holmes has said in the past the issues closest to his heart are the economy, infrastructure, education and safety.

</doc>
<doc id="31126956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126956" title="Tony (Anthony) Steuer">
Tony (Anthony) Steuer

Tony (Anthony) Steuer, CLU, LA (born 1964) is an American author, essayist, speaker, and advocate in the fields of financial education, personal finance, and life insurance. He is best known for his book Questions and Answers on Life Insurance: The Life Insurance Toolbook. Steuer's focus is on improving financial literacy in the U.S. Steuer has published articles for several online magazines, including "Nolo.com", "The Nest", and "Love to Know". He is licensed to provide non-biased advice on life insurance as an Individual Life and Disability Insurance Analyst (LA). He is a frequent guest on radio programs, including The Prudent Money show and Your Financial Editor. He is currently appointed by the California Insurance Commissioner to serve on the Curriculum Board for the California Department of Insurance.
Background.
Steuer was born on Mach 8, 1964 in San Francisco, California. He was raised in San Francisco and later moved to Marin County where he attended Redwood High School. He attended California State University Chico and was an intern for a free legal information service on campus, C.L.I.C. (Community Legal Information Center). He graduated in 1986 with a Bachelor of Science in Finance. He has volunteered as a white water rafting guide and as a Wilderness First Responder Instructor. Prior to commencing his own practice in 1995, Tony was an Assistant Vice President with Acordia-Lloyd, a multi-line insurance brokerage firm. Steuer was also recently the Director of Financial Preparedness for United Policyholders for Life, Disability, Long Term and Annuities.
Today.
Steuer serves on the Advisory Board of the Lucile Packard Children's Hospital Foundation. His service as an educator and advocate for financial literacy continues with free, online tools and information on his blog and website. On April 20, 2011, he received the Excellence In Financial Literacy Education (EIFLE) Award for his book, "Questions and Answers on Life Insurance" and on April 18, 2012 received the EIFLE award for his book "The Questions and Answers on Life Insurance Workbook" Participation in professional associations include the Partnership for Philanthropic Planning, and the Northern California Planned Giving Council. Steuer is a frequent speaker and trainer at conferences, workshops, and community events. He lives with his family in the Bay Area where he is an active volunteer at his son's school and manages his son’s Little League team.
Works.
Book.
Questions and Answers on Life Insurance: The Life Insurance Toolbook, 3rd Edition, Life Insurance Sage Press, 2010
External links.
Tony (Anthony) Steuer, California, 2010
Cover of Questions and Answers on Life Insurance: The Life Insurance Toolbook

</doc>
<doc id="31126970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31126970" title="Post-Napoleonic depression">
Post-Napoleonic depression

The post-Napoleonic depression refers to a post-war economic depression experienced by European countries following the end of the Napoleonic wars.
In England, an agricultural depression led to the passage of the Corn Laws (which were to polarize British politics for the next three decades), and placed great strain on the system of poor relief inherited from Elizabethan times.
In Scotland, the depression ended in 1822.
Samuel Jackson of Pennsylvania theorised that the Panic of 1819 and resulting depression in the United States were caused by the post-Napoleonic depression, holding that the end of the Napoleonic wars had led to the collapse of export markets and resulting underconsumption.

</doc>
<doc id="31127026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127026" title="Kiki Valentine">
Kiki Valentine

Kiki Valentine is a New York City-based writer, producer, humorist, and public speaker. Her material embraces factual, historical, and personal anecdotes through articles, blogs, live monologues, parody, and collaborations with today's leading musicians, actors, comedians, dancers and performance artists. She is well known for uncanny, cutting-edge observational humor seen in her theatrical performances which critics refer to as "the MENSA of variety shows".
Outside of the arts she is respected for her work with various non-profit organizations and advocacy groups. In 2010, she was recognized with a "Brooklyn Do Gooder" award nomination. In 2012 and 2013, she is named in several Associated Press articles pertaining to her work with elderly evacuees displaced by Hurricane Sandy. Currently the President of Valentine Media Productions, she acts as a creative consultant and writer for various companies, non-profits, and individuals. In 2011, she became a Reverend and performs marriage ceremonies throughout New York City.
Journalism & Production.
On September 11, 2001, she filmed the terrorist attacks and produced a documentary about the pair fleeing New York City in a rental car only to have to return the next day to report to work as journalists. The film, titled "The Runaway Writers", was screened in New York City in Winter 2012 and with Stanford University alumni in San Francisco in May 2013.
In early 2003, she became the swing writer in the newsroom of Yahoo!'s Launch Radio Networks covering music and general news. The following year when the company's parent network, United Stations Radio Network, began developing its largest daypart radio program, Nights with Alice Cooper, she became Associate Producer and began writing scripts, news and comedy while appearing alongside Alice Cooper on the program as the character "Mistress Kitty". For several years Cooper proved to be an instrumental and influential mentor, guiding her not only in developing a persona, but also nurturing her comedic acting, creative writing, and performance artistry.
During this time, she began independently producing and emceeing her own live black box theater shows in Brooklyn, New York incorporating live music, dance, and art. Notable collaborations in 2003 span a variety of diverse artists including Afrika Bambaataa, Shepard Fairey, The World Famous Pontani Sisters as well as partnerships with companies such as Red Bull, Adidas, Tylenol and Gibson Guitars.
In 2007 and 2008 she appeared as a guest host on ABC News Now's nationally syndicated television program "The Mix" interviewing artists, including exclusives with musicians Iron Maiden and Tegan and Sara.
In 2008, she debuted the hit avant-garde production, "The Sunday Show", an acclaimed collective theatrical experiment she wrote, directed, and emceed at The Slipper Room in New York City's Lower East Side for four seasons.
She appeared as a contributor to Brooklyn newspaper "The Red Hook Star Revue" reporting about civic concerns and continues to write, report and produce concerts, events, salons and theater throughout New York City in addition to public speaking.
Artistic Collaborations.
In 2011 Valentine debuted a second underground live show discussing current events dubbed "The Kiki Valentine Show" that included live creative collaborations with comedian and musician Reggie Watts, Matisyahu songwriter and guitarist Aaron Dugan, and a cast of New York City burlesque and variety performers, comedians, poets, and jazz musicians.
She regularly appears with the Grammy-nominated singer/songwriter JC Hopkins and his Biggish Band consisting of a rotating assembly of musicians including legendary percussionist Warren Smith, saxophonist Julian Pressley, singer/songwriters Jolie Holland, Martha Wainwright, Ben Fields and special guests Elvis Costello, Mose Allison, and Justin Vivian Bond.
Valentine has collaborated with Diamondsnake (Moby, Dave Hill, Tomato and Phil Costello) appearing as "Rhinestone Zipper" with burlesque performer Calamity Chang. The two also appear in the band's video for "Woman, Yeah", filmed and directed by Moby. She has also appeared in several pilots, short and feature films, and television programs including "Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist" and HBO's "Bored to Death".
Director and artist Alex de Campi featured her in the Berlin-based English and German indie rock band Art Brut's music video for debut single ("Lost Weekend") from their fourth album, Brilliant! Tragic! and Candlelight Red's "Demons".
Valentine has modeled at Brooklyn's Pratt Institute and for artists Molly Crabapple, and Los Angeles-based Brian Viveros, namely for his New York debut opening at Paul Booth's Last Rites Gallery in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="31127029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127029" title="Conversion of non-Christian places of worship into churches">
Conversion of non-Christian places of worship into churches

The Conversion of non-Christian places of worship into churches occurred early in the history of Christianity and continued during subsequent Christian conquests and Christianization, as part of the "interpretatio Christiana" politics. As a result, numerous Greek, Roman Temples, Mosques, synagogues, the Parthenon and Buddhist temples were converted into Churches. Several such Churches in Christian or ex-Christian lands have since reverted or become museums, such as the Ketchaoua Mosque in Algeria and Tsisdarakis Mosque used as a museum in Greece.
Iberian Peninsula.
In the Spanish Reconquista Christian populations were often brought to an area with the goal of establishing a Christian base, one that would be loyal to the Crown of Castile and whose culture would supplant that of the subjugated Moorish peoples; for example Murcia. During the process of Christianization, many of the conquered city’s mosques were destroyed or converted into Catholic churches, typically the great Friday mosques were converted, such as the Great Mosque of Cordoba converted into a cathedral in 1236.
America.
The Spanish in the New World converted many Native American temples into churches, following their procedure in Spain against Muslim mosques. The Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral was built on a Aztec temple.
Ancient Rome and Greece.
The Parthenon was converted to a church after at least a millennium of being a temple to Athena. In Byzantine times it became the Church of the Parthenos Maria (Virgin Mary), or the Church of the Theotokos (Mother of God). It was the fourth most important pilgrimage in the Eastern Roman Empire after Constantinople, Ephessos and Thessalonica.
The Pantheon in Rome is once a temple dedicated to the Roman gods and it was converted to a Roman Catholic church dedicated to St. Mary and the Martyrs
Balkans.
During the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans in the 15th century, many churches were converted into mosques with a minaret added, in the 19th century many former church-mosques were re-converted into churches and their minarets destroyed, such as the Church of Prophet Elijah (Thessaloniki). After the Christian Balkan states obtained independence from the Muslim Ottoman Empire, they systematically destroyed Ottoman heritage, including mosques. In many cases the minarets of the mosques were destroyed while the mosque itself was converted into a church or left to decay. The Sveti Sedmochislenitsi Church in Sofia was a 15th-century Ottoman mosque, converted into a church in the 19th century. In Croatia the only three remaining mosques from the Ottoman period, those in Đakovo, Klis and Drniš, have been converted or re-converted into Catholic churches.
Vietnam.
In Vietnam, after the French invasion, many Buddhist and Taoist temples were neglected by the colonial government, notably the Bao Thien temple in Hanoi were razed to make way for the St. Joseph Cathedral. The Tra Kieu church in Quang Nam was built in the 18th century on the site of a hilltop Hindu temple in Sinhapura, ancient capital of the Champa kingdom, and became an important Christian pilgrimage site ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="31127053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127053" title="Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball">
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball

The Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils men's basketball team represents Mississippi Valley State University in Itta Bena, Mississippi, in NCAA Division I competition. The school's team competes in the Southwestern Athletic Conference and plays home games in the Harrison HPER Complex.
The Delta Devils are currently coached by Chico Potts.
Postseason results.
NCAA Tournament results.
The Delta Devils have appeared in five NCAA Tournaments. Their combined record is 0–5.
NIT results.
The Delta Devils have appeared in one National Invitation Tournament (NIT). Their record is 0–1.

</doc>
<doc id="31127065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127065" title="Andrés Indriðason">
Andrés Indriðason

Andrés Indriðason (born 7 August 1941) is an Icelandic television producer and director, screenwriter, playwright and author of children's books, and a former child actor.
Andrés worked as a producer for the public television channel Sjónvarpið since the time of its foundation in 1966 until 1985, and has since been a freelance producer. He has been the executive producer of the quiz show Gettu betur since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31127085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127085" title="Jamie Scope">
Jamie Scope

Jamie Scope (born 10 December 1986 in Newcastle upon Tyne) is an English footballer.
Career.
College and amateur.
From 2006 to 2010, Scope was a member of the University of the Incarnate Word Men's soccer team located in San Antonio, Texas. He served as team captain for two years and led the Cardinals to a conference championship in 2006, 2007, and 2008.
While at the University of the Incarnate Word, Scope was named the Heartland Conference Defender of the Year and First Team All-Conference in 2008 and 2009. He was also named a NSCAA All American in 2009.
During his college career, Scope also played with USL Premier Development League clubs Austin Aztex U23, Bakersfield Brigade and Ventura County Fusion.
Professional.
Scope signed his first professional contract in March 2011, joining USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads. He made his professional debut on May 28, 2011, in a 0-0 tie with the Pittsburgh Riverhounds.

</doc>
<doc id="31127087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127087" title="Joshua Green (academic)">
Joshua Green (academic)

Joshua Green is an Australian academic researcher of television and participatory media. He was a research associate with the ARC Centre of Excellence for Creative Industries & Innovation at the Queensland University of Technology, then postdoctoral associate and manager of the Convergence Culture Consortium at Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Comparative Media Studies program.
Green previously worked at the Carsey-Wolf Center at the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he was Project Manager of the Media Industries Project. This research venture brings industry and academy together to explore the future of the media industries.
Education.
Green's PhD was in media studies at Queensland University of Technology. His thesis examined the promotion and reception of American teen dramas on Australian television between 1992 and 2004.
Research and publications.
While at QUT, Green, collaborated with the Australian Centre for the Moving Image in Melbourne, preparing content and developing an accompanying publication for "TV50", a 2006 exhibition celebrating 50 years of Australian broadcasting. 
With Jean Burgess, Green published the book "YouTube: Online Video and Participatory Culture". The book examines the ways in which YouTube is being used by the media industries, by audiences and amateur producers, and by particular communities of interest, and explains how these uses challenge existing ideas about cultural ‘production’ and ‘consumption’. It includes specially commissioned chapters by John Hartley and Henry Jenkins.
The book was widely reviewed in academic journals including "Media International Australia", "Popular Communication" and the "International Journal of Digital Television". It has since been translated into Italian and Brazilian Portuguese.
Green is collaborating with Professor Henry Jenkins and digital strategist Sam Ford on a book about distribution and participatory culture titled "Spreadable Media: Creating Value in a Network Culture". As of March 2011 it is forthcoming from NYU Press.

</doc>
<doc id="31127106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127106" title="Degrassi (season 11)">
Degrassi (season 11)

The eleventh season of "Degrassi" premiered on July 18, 2011, concluded on May 18, 2012, and consists of 45 episodes. "", previously known as "Degrassi: The Next Generation", is a Canadian serial teen drama television series. Although only two school years have passed in the story timeline since season six, season eleven is set in the last half of the second semester, and the first semester of the new school year in the years it aired. Writers have been able to use a semi-floating timeline, so that the issues depicted are modern for their viewers. The first half of this season continues to depict the lives of a group of high school sophomores, juniors, and seniors while the second half of this season depicts the lives of a group of high school freshman, juniors, and seniors as they deal with some of the challenges and issues that teenagers face such as gang violence, parenthood, transphobia, homosexuality, drug use, dysfunctional families, mental disorders, adoption, organ transplantation, crime, bulimia, alcoholism, sex, drug abuse, and relationships. 
45 episodes were ordered for this season, and it again has a telenovela/soap opera format, with the show airing new episodes four days a week, for the first 7 weeks. Production for the season began on March 14, 2011 at Epitome Pictures' studios in Toronto, Ontario.
Cast.
For the first half of the eleventh season, twenty-five actors receive star billing with twenty-one of them returning from the previous season. Returning cast members include: 
Joining the main cast this season are:
The three actors from season ten who did not return this season were Judy Jiao as Leia Chang, Jamie Johnston as Peter Stone and Landon Liboiron as Declan Coyne. All left the series.
For the second half of the season, twenty-four actors receive star billing with five actors joining the main cast. Joining the main cast are: 
Alex Steele also played the recurring character Angie Jeremiah in seasons 1 through 5, and is the younger sister of fellow Degrassi star Cassie Steele. The season finale, "In the Cold, Cold Night", features Charlotte Arnold (Holly J. Sinclair) guest starring in both parts.
Crew.
Season eleven was produced by Epitome Pictures in association with Bell Media. Funding was provided by The Canadian Media Fund, RBC Royal Bank, The Shaw Rocket Fund, The Independent Production Fund: Mountain Cable Program, The Canadian Film or Video Production Tax Credit, and the Ontario Film and Television Tax Credit.
Linda Schuyler, co-creator of the "Degrassi" franchise and CEO of Epitome Pictures, served as an executive producer with her husband, and President of Epitome Pictures, Stephen Stohn. Brendon Yorke is also credited as an executive producer, and Sarah Glinski is credited as a co-executive producer. Stefan Brogren was series producer, while David Lowe is credited as producer, and Stephanie Williams the supervising producer. The casting director is Stephanie Gorin, and the editors are Jason B. Irvine, Gordon Thorne, and Paul Whitehead.
The executive story editors are Duana Taha and Matt Huether, the story editors are Cole Bastedo, Michael Grassi, and Ramona Barckert, and Lauren Gosnell is the story coordinator. Episode writers for the season are Ramona Barchert, Cole Bastedo, Sarah Glinski, Lauren Gosnell, Michael Grassi, Matt Huether, James Hurst, Shelley Scarrow, Duana Taha, and Brendon Yorke. The directors of photography are Alwyn J. Kumst and Mitchell T. Ness, and the directors are Stefan Brogren, Phil Earnshaw, Sturla Gunnarsson, Eleanore Lindo, Farhad Mann, Samir Rehem, and Pat Williams.
Reception.
"Degrassi" was nominated for a GLAAD Media Award in the Best Drama Series category, alongside "Pretty Little Liars", "Shameless", "", and winner "Grey's Anatomy". These awards, honour works that fairly and accurately represent the LGBT community and issues. At the 2012 Young Artist Awards, both Cristine Prosperi and A.J. Saudin won awards in the Lead Young Actress and Recurring Young Actor in the Best Performance in a TV Series categories respectively, both sharing with another in their category due to ties. It also received a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award in the outstanding children's program category, alongside "Good Luck Charlie", "iCarly", "Victorious", and winner "Wizards of Waverly Place". At the 1st Canadian Screen Awards Degrassi won the award for "Best Children’s or Youth Fiction Program or Series". In addition, Charlotte Arnold and Jahmil French were both nominated for "Best Performance in a Children's or Youth Program or Series" for their performances in "U Don't Know" Part Two and "Smash into You" respectively, also nominated were two performances from season 12, and winner, and fellow "Degrassi" actress, Melinda Shankar for her performance in "How to be Indie".
Episodes.
The first run of 29 episodes ran in July and August 2011 for a total of seven weeks. This season again aired episodes on the same nights in Canada and the United States. The summer season began with a two-episode premiere, and an hour special aired between the summer and winter seasons. This season continued the tradition from season 10, that saw the opening credits revised halfway through the season to reflect the changing cast.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31127169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127169" title="Museum of Banat">
Museum of Banat

The Museum of Banat () is a museum in Timișoara, Romania, headquartered in Huniade Castle. It was founded in 1872 under the name "Societatea de Istorie și Arheologie" (The Society for History and Archaeology). It hosts the largest collection of archaeological objects Banat. The ground floor houses the Neolithic sanctuary from Parța, a unique monument in Europe.
The museum includes departments for history, archaeology, ethnography and natural sciences. The museum also has a laboratory for conservation and preservation of objects of cultural heritage and history.
History.
The museum is located in a historic monument building. Iancu de Hunedoara built the castle in the early Renaissance style of the first Italian bulwark system type. It was restored during the 18th century. The north facade, damaged by the Hungarian revolutionary army, was restored in 1856.
In 1872 the History and Archaeology Society was established in Timișoara and they began to collect historical material. In the interwar period the history and archaeology collections grew. Huniazi Castle has housed them since 1947.
The permanent exhibition presents archaeological material on the Neolithic, Daco-Roman periods and the Middle Ages. The museum owns goods listed in the National Cultural Heritage Treasure.

</doc>
<doc id="31127177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127177" title="Chu, Chu, My Daddy">
Chu, Chu, My Daddy

Synopsis.
Hiring one young and good-looking daddy for half year duration. Room and board included.
Upon the death of their most beautiful mother in the whole wide world, the rich but helpless orphan sisters are left to fend for themselves against their greedy great-aunt, who is plotting to seize their fortune and kick them out of their big, luxurious house. To counter their great-aunt's evil plot, the sisters hire a man to assume the role of their mother's newly married and sadly widowed husband. This plan may just work and fool their great-aunt's prying eye, if only their half-sister would stop trying to kick their new daddy out of the house.

</doc>
<doc id="31127187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127187" title="You're Nearer">
You're Nearer

"You're Nearer" is an American popular song by composer Richard Rodgers and lyricist Lorenz Hart (Rodgers and Hart) from the 1940 film version of the Broadway musical "Too Many Girls".

</doc>
<doc id="31127203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127203" title="NuTone">
NuTone

NuTone is an American company that manufactures products mainly for residential use, including doorbells, intercom systems, indoor air quality products, ventilation systems, range hoods, ceiling fans, built-in electric heaters, ironing equipment, and home theater systems.
The company was founded in 1936 by J. Ralph Corbett in Cincinnati, Ohio. Corbett backed an inventor from Dayton, Ohio who was marketing a doorbell that could replace door buzzers. The inventor defaulted on Corbett's loan, and Corbett marketed the product under the NuTone brand, reducing production costs enough to make doorbells affordable and creating the doorbell market. NuTone became a publicly traded company in 1955. Other NuTone-created products included the residential kitchen ventilator hood and built-in kitchen countertop appliances. In 1967 when the Corbetts sold their interest in the company to the Scoville Manufacturing Company, NuTone was the largest American producer of home electrical products. NuTone was purchased by the British home products manufacturer Valor for $460 million. Nortek, Inc. acquired NuTone from Williams plc in 1998, adding it to the Broan Group, for a purchase price of $242.5 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="31127222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127222" title="Bdnews24.com">
Bdnews24.com

bdnews24.com is one of Bangladesh's leading newspaper/media groups. With an Alexa ranking placing it consistently among the world's top 1000 or so websites, it has also persisted as the country's leading English language as well as bilingual English/Bengali website. bdnews24.com ranks among the top 10 of all websites consulted by Bangladeshis http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/bdnews24.com.
History.
In 2005 bdnews24.com launched initially as the country’s first exclusively web-based news agency. 
Following a take-over in mid-2006 at the agency's holding company Bangladesh News 24 Hours Ltd, ownership is vested between two sole Board Directors: Managing Director and Editor-in-Chief Toufique Imrose Khalidi and Chair of the company Asif Mahmood.
In October 2006 bdnews24.com relaunched as Bangladesh's first free and exclusively online newspaper.
http://bdnews24.com/aboutus/faq/
Senior Staff.
Editor-in-Chief Toufique Imrose Khalidi is a Journalist and former BBC broadcaster. 
Senior Editors include: Editor Emeritus - Professor aladin aladin; Senior Editor (Newsgathering) - Amanullah Kabir; Senior Editor (Social Affairs)- Baby Maudud; Senior Editor and India Correspondent - Subir Bhaumik; Editor, arts.bdnews24.com - Mohammad Nurul Huda; Consulting Editor - Afsan Chowdhury; Consulting Editor - Arshad Mahmud
http://bdnews24.com/aboutus/staff/

</doc>
<doc id="31127228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127228" title="1991 Budweiser at The Glen">
1991 Budweiser at The Glen

The 1991 Budweiser At The Glen racing event was officially sanctioned as part of the NASCAR Winston Cup Series. Taking place on August 11, 1991, at Watkins Glen International, this race was the 18th race completed out of the 29 attempted during the 1991 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season. The race was won by Ernie Irvan driving the #4 Kodak Chevrolet Lumina for Morgan-McClure Motorsports, but was marred by an early crash that claimed the life of veteran driver J. D. McDuffie.
Summary.
The entire race took approximately two hours and twelve minutes to complete.
Terry Labonte, driving the #94 Sunoco Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme for Billy Hagan, qualified on pole for the race. Irvan, who won the race, qualified third. Five cautions were given out for eleven laps. Ricky Rudd finished second behind Irvan in the #5 Tide Chevrolet Lumina for Hendrick Motorsports, and Richard Petty recorded his final career top ten finish in the #43 STP Pontiac Grand Prix by finishing ninth. 
ESPN carried the race as part of its coverage of the NASCAR Winston Cup Series. Bob Jenkins had the call of the race with Benny Parsons joining him in the broadcast booth. Ned Jarrett, who usually was the third man in the booth with Jenkins and Parsons, reported from the track in Turn Five. Jerry Punch was the lead pit reporter.
Lap 5 Crash.
On the fifth lap of the race, a huge crash halted the event. McDuffie, driving the #70 L.C. Whitford Racing Pontiac Grand Prix, was racing Jimmy Means, driving the #52 Alka-Seltzer Pontiac Grand Prix, into the track's Loop-Chute. Suddenly, a chain reaction of mechanical failures in McDuffie's car sent him careening across the track with no way to stop as his brakes had failed and there was no gravel trap in the corner he was headed toward. McDuffie plowed into the tire barrier guarding the fence with enough force to cause his car to fly into the air and do a 180-degree turn in mid-air. Means slid across the track right behind McDuffie and slid into the tire barrier just under the flipping McDuffie. McDuffie was killed instantly. The #70 landed on its roof and Means, uninjured, walked over to McDuffie to see if he could help him out. Seeing the condition of McDuffie Means began frantically waving for assistance. The race was red-flagged after the accident. Later, as the race was restarting, NASCAR Winston Cup Media Director Chip Williams relayed to both the television audience and the national radio audience listening on MRN that McDuffie had died from his injuries sustained in the crash. On ESPN, Bob Jenkins then eulogized McDuffie before Benny Parsons spoke directly to McDuffie's widow, Ima Jean. McDuffie was credited with a last-place finish of 40th. A brief ceremony honoring McDuffie was held during the 1992 Coca-Cola 600 race held the following year.
This incident was the second serious accident at the Loop-Chute entrance that year. At that year's Camel Continental sports car race, Tommy Kendall crashed in the same area after losing control of his vehicle and broke both of his ankles. Coincidentally, Kendall was scheduled to take part in this particular race prior to his accident driving the #42 Mello Yello Pontiac for Felix Sabates in place of an injured Kyle Petty, but his injuries allowed Bobby Hillin, Jr. to take over the ride for the Budweiser at the Glen. (Hillin finished 18th.)
In the wake of both serious incidents, the bus stop chicane was added before the Loop-Chute, known as the Inner Loop, where it remains today.

</doc>
<doc id="31127262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127262" title="Vasili Vainonen">
Vasili Vainonen

Vasili Ivanovich Vainonen, also spelled Vasily () (1901-1964), was a renowned Soviet choreographer, mainly for the Kirov Ballet, now known as the Mariinsky Ballet, with which he worked from 1930 to 1938.
Perhaps his most celebrated production was his 1934 version of Tchaikovsky's "The Nutcracker", a production which was successfully revived in 1954, is available on DVD in a 1994 revival, and remains in the repertory of the company to this day. Other choreographers of the beloved Christmas ballet, such as Mikhail Baryshnikov and Yuri Grigorovich, have freely borrowed several ideas supposedly from the Vainonen "Nutcracker" for their own productions. (Vainonen is often erroneously credited with being the first choreographer to introduce the idea that Clara's adventures with the Nutcracker turns out to be a dream, a plot twist not found in the 1892 original production, and he is also often mistakenly credited with the idea of casting adults rather than children in the roles of Clara and the Nutcracker/ Prince, thereby introducing a love interest into the plot which was not present in the original production. It was choreographer Alexander Gorsky who actually came up with both these ideas in his 1919 revival of the ballet.)
However, Baryshnikov, in his production of "The Nutcracker" did borrow Vainonen's choreography for the "Snowflake Waltz", and gave him credit for it in the billing. [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0136439/] He also included, like Vainonen, a puppet show staged by Drosselmeyer during the Christmas Party scene. The puppet show foreshadows the later fantasy scenes by having a Prince, a Princess, and a Mouse King as characters.
Vainonen choreographed several other ballets, one of the most notable being the first full-length staging of Dimitri Shostakovich's "The Golden Age". He also spent a total of eight years with the Bolshoi Ballet.
References.
answers.com [http://www.answers.com/topic/vasily-vainonen]<br>
ABT page [http://www.abt.org/education/archive/choreographers/vainonen_v.html]

</doc>
<doc id="31127307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127307" title="Lynas">
Lynas

Lynas Corporation, Ltd. is an Australian rare earths mining company, listed on the Australian Securities Exchange as a S&P/ASX 200 company. It has two major operations: a mining and concentration plant at Mount Weld, Western Australia, and a refining facility at Kuantan, Malaysia.
History.
The company was founded in 1983 as Yilgangi Gold NL The company took on the Lynas name in 1985. It became publicly listed in 1986 on the ASX. In 2001, it sold off its gold division and focused on rare earths. 
Lynas was founded by Nicholas Curtis, a former executive director at Macquarie Group Ltd.
Mount Weld.
Mt Weld contains one of the largest and highest grade known deposits of rare earths. The deposit is additionally unusual because it contains very low levels of thorium, a radioactive contaminant commonly found together with rare earth elements. The combination of large resource, high grades and low thorium contamination make it a particularly attractive commercial proposition. The ore produced at Mount Weld is concentrated onsite and is intended to then be shipped to the Lynas Advanced Materials Plant (LAMP) in Malaysia for refining. 
In May 2009 Lynas was offered funding of $252 million by the Chinese state-owned China Non-Ferrous Metal Mining (Group) Co., which would have taken a 51.6% stake in the company. However the deal was scrapped by Australia's Foreign Investment Review Board on concern it would threaten supply to non-Chinese buyers. Lynas later raised $450 million in a share sale.
In November 2010, it signed an agreement with the Japanese rare earths trading company Sojitz to export $350 million worth of rare earth minerals from its mine in Mount Weld.
First shipments of concentrate to Malaysia have reached the LAMP late November 2012.
Crown deposit.
In April 2011, Lynas was attempting to sell its Crown polymetallic deposit (which is particularly prospective for niobium) at Mount Weld to Forge Resources. Forge, a company listed on the ASX, also shares the one and only common Director and CEO of Lynas, Nicholas Curtis, although former Lynas executive director Harry Wang is also involved with Forge and the transaction. In a 2007 Company presentation, Lynas claimed that the Crown deposit was worth $50 billion () but have valued it at $20.7 million for sale to Forge. Curtis as a director of Forge would receive a 24,000,000 performance shares if the deal between Lynas and Forge proceeds. Certain commentators and journalists have called into question the regulatory oversight of the Australian Securities and Investment Commission (ASIC) as to the legality of such a proposal, but were proven to have been uninformed or alarmist because the proposal was always subject to the approval of independent shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM). The EGM was cancelled by Lynas after shareholder opposition to the proposal became apparent, and the Crown polymetallic deposit remains owned by Lynas.
Lynas Advanced Materials Plant and Controversy.
The Lynas Advance Materials Plant (LAMP) has been built near Kuantan, Pahang, Malaysia. This location was chosen due to the site having all the resources required to run the plant at a lower cost than originally approved in Western Australia. In addition, the Malaysian government granted the company "pioneer" status and offered it a 12-year tax exemption. The LAMP commenced operations in 2012. despite attracting strong local opposition, and the whole opposition movement significantly expanding to become a national phenomenon. 
Kuantan MP Fuziah Salleh has been raising her concerns over the risks of having a rare earth processing plant near Kuantan in the Parliament of Malaysia since 18 November 2008. A civil society group “Concerned Citizens of Kuantan” was formed in December 2008, after a meeting held by Fuziah to meet with about twenty residents and professionals from different ethnic groups and NGOs in Kuantan to discuss the LAMP issues.
In early March 2011, the article published in the New York Times has raised the public awareness concerning the LAMP. At the same time, the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster has ramped up fear in the Malaysian people about the risks of radioactive exposure. Since then, the Kuantan community group protesting against the LAMP led by Kuantan MP Fuziah Salleh had gradually evolved into a bigger group, i.e. "Save Malaysia Stop Lynas" (SMSL). 
SMSL was loosely formed by Fuziah and her team in March 2011, after a signature drive launch and public talk on the urgent need to cease the LAMP from commencing operations The group is currently led by Bentong parliamentary candidate Wong Tack. Along the protest against the LAMP, various anti-Lynas groups and NGOs have been mushrooming in Kuantan and in Malaysia.
Since March 2011, the residents of Kuantan have been protesting against LYNAS setting up the world's biggest rare earths refinery plant in Kuantan. 
An Australian Greens MP, Robin Chapple, has shot down Lynas Corp’s attempt to ship radioactive waste from Malaysia back to Western Australia state saying that the Western Australia Nuclear Waste Storage (Prohibition) Act 1999 forbids the import of radioactive waste.
On Sept 5, 2012, it was reported that Lynas (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd was awarded the temporary operating licence by Malaysia's Atomic Energy Licensing Board for a period of two years. The Lamp plant has been fraught with difficulty and it has generated strong opposition from Malaysians, unwilling to be the recipients of Australia's wastes. The local residents have consistently protested the plant in various gatherings of up to 20,000 people and has been linked with further protests of the Malaysian opposition party. Despite concerns about the plant and its alleged lack of a proper long term disposal plan for its radioactive wastes, a two-year temporary licence has been issued. 
On Dec 19, 2012, Save Malaysia Stop Lynas group had appealed against an earlier decision to grant Lynas a temporary operating licence, the Malaysian Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal with costs in favour of Lynas. 
The refining facility entered production in 2013, producing 1,089 tonnes of rare earth oxides in the first quarter of 2014, with a target of 11,000 tonnes per annum.

</doc>
<doc id="31127321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127321" title="GGU">
GGU

GGU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31127324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127324" title="Władysław Kochański">
Władysław Kochański

Władysław Kochański Władysław Kochański (noms de guerre "Bomba" and "Wujek", born 7 November 1918 in Stanisławów and died 12 December 1980 at Cracow) was an infantry captain in the Polish Army during World War II. He was then part of the Polish resistance army Armia Krajowa after Germany occupied Poland, leading the Cichociemni special forces paratrooper resistance unit, and was one of the leading organizers of the Polish defense of Volhynia.
Invasion of Poland and Polish Armed Forces in the West.
During the German Invasion of Poland in 1939 Kochański served in the 48 Kresowe Infantry Rifle Regiment as commander of air defenses at Stryj. After the fall of Poland he escaped to Hungary, where he was held at the Magyrovar camp. After escaping from the camp, he travelled to France and attended a training camp at Coetquidan, earning the post of machine gun platoon leader under the school’s ensign. Kochański took an active part in the Battle for France in a mixed battalion attached to the 4th Infantry Division (Poland). At the end of June 1940 he evacuated to Great Britain on the Royal Navy destroyer "Viscount" and was assigned to the 2nd Grenadier Battalion "Kratkowane Lwiątka" (Rampant Lion) of the 1st Rifle Brigade, where he commanded a machine gun platoon.
Service in the Polish Underground Army 1942-43.
From October 1941 to 6 June 1942 Kochański served in the 1st (Polish) Independent Parachute Brigade. He then undertook a specialist training course in diversion (sabotage) tactics with the Special Operations Executive at Audley End, in order to join the ranks of the Cichociemni(Silent and Dark) paratroopers, who engaged in sabotage and special operations behind enemy lines. He completed the training course on 18 August 1942 and was parachuted into occupied Poland on the night of 1–2 September 1942 during Operation Chickenpox. Kochański landed at the receiving outpost Rogi, 16 km northeast of Grojca. After a period of acclimatization in Warsaw, he was assigned under the name "Bomba" to the second sector of the Wachlarz network in Volhynia, where he commanded the Kowel-Sarny diversion centre moving towards Kiev. When Wachlarz was winding down, Kochański was directed to help restructure the Volhynia-region Armia Krajowa (resistance army known as AK).
On 8 July 1943 the AK inspector of Równe, Captain Klimowski "Ostaja" entrusted Kochański with rebuilding the underground network in Kostopolski County, which had broken up following arrests by the Germans. Kochański started in the village of Wyrka, near Huta Stepańska, to carry out this mission, but faced the intensification of anti-Polish operations by Ukrainian nationalists and the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA).
When the Volhynian massacres started, Kochański took command of the self-defense center at Huta Stepańska where over 5,000 Poles were taking shelter. On 7 July 1943 the UPA began to concentrate its forces in the region, and on 16 July the Banderists prepared to attack, burning down 15 towns adjacent to Huta Stepańska. On the same day, UPA forces attacked the center itself and the fighting turned to hand-to-hand combat. After 32 hours of combat, Kochański decided to break through the ring of stronger Ukrainian forces along with the people. The plan partly succeeded. The civilians were evacuated to the area of Wydmer below Włodzimierz, where they dispersed to Kowel, Sarny and Przebraże. 40 people fell defending Huta Stepańska and Kochański himself was wounded in the arm. More than 600 civilians died in attacks on nearby villages or during the evacuation of Huta Stepańska, when panic led some to break away before the group effort.
During the second half of July 1943, Kochański organized a unit of almost 500 men to operate in the Stara Huta district in the Kostopol region, where the Polish self-defense base was located. The core of the unit was made up of former defenders of Huta Stepańska. For five months, they fought a series of skirmishes with UPA units in the Kostopol district, saving thousands of Poles. Kochański also continued fighting the Germans, sometimes with the cooperation of Soviet units such as the famous Kowpak unit. Kochański's biggest victory took place 19 November 1943 at Moczulanka, where with the cooperation of Soviet units assembled around Szytow and commanded by Captain Kotlarow, he was able to break up and partly disperse a group of 1200 UPA troops carrying out an assault on the self-defense center at Huta Stara. This was the last time the UPA were able to launch attacks on Huta Stara.
Kochański's unit become a major force, numbering nearly 700 well-armed soldiers. The unit made long marches to defend the Poles and demonstrate its strength. In the second half of December 1943 Kochański, recently promoted to captain, led the unit to Huta Stara, where was to be stationed over Christmas.
Arrest and return from the Soviet Gulags.
In December 1943 Kochański stopped with his unit in the town of Bronislawka. He learned that Soviet commander General Naumov wanted to meet him, and invited him to his headquarters in the nearby village of Zawolcze. Kochański went to the headquarters accompanied by Lieutenant Strzemia, Father Leon Spiewka and an escort of several non-commissioned officers. During the feast at Zawolcze the whole Polish group was disarmed and arrested. The Soviet unit moved out in a hurried march to the east. During a rest stop the soldiers of the escort were shot and Captain Kochański, Lieutenant Strzemia and Father Oboznik were taken to Kiev and later to Moscow.
The loss of the commander resulted in the partial break up of Kochański's unit. After his arrest and kidnapping, his unit was significantly reduced with many soldiers going to the self-defense center and others returning home to their families.
In Moscow Bomba was tried and sentenced to 25 years imprisonment as a representative of a "foreign agency". After four years in prison in Moscow, he was sent to the gulags at the copper mines in Kamchatka. Due to his age and poor health, he was returned to Poland in December 1956. He worked and studied at the Higher School of Economics, graduating in 1963 with a master's degree. He was awarded the Silver Cross of Military Virtue and died on 12 December 1980 at the age of 62 in Cracow.
Bibliographies
• Michał Fijałka: Oddział "Bomby". 24 sierpnia 2009.
• Michał Klimecki, Zbigniew Palski: Samoobrona ludności polskiej na Wołyniu w 1943 roku. 24 sierpnia 2009.
• Władysław Siemaszko, Ewa Siemaszko, Ludobójstwo dokonane przez nacjonalistów ukraińskich na ludności polskiej Wołynia 1939–1945, Warszawa 2000, ISBN 83-87689-34-3.
• Jędrzej Tucholski, Cichociemni, Warszawa: Wydawnictwo PAX, 1985, ISBN 83-211-0537-8.
• Józef Turowski, Pożoga. Walki 27 Wołyńskiej Dywizji AK, Warszawa: PWN, 1990, ISBN 83-01-08465-0.
• Wiadomości/Wiadomosci-Wypad, Pismo Koła 2 Baonu Grenadierów "Kratkowane Lwiątka" (w późniejszym czasie ... i Komandosów). Kwartalnik wydawany w latach 1962-1996 w Edynburgu na prawach rękopisu. Numer 32, marzec 1970, strona 28.
• Kalendarium I batalionu 45 pp 27. Wołyńskiej Dywizji AK. 24 sierpnia 2009.
• Cichociemni- Encyklopedia skoczków AK. 30 sierpnia 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31127367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127367" title="The War You Don't See">
The War You Don't See

"The War You Don't See" is a 2010 British documentary film written, produced and directed by John Pilger with Alan Lowery, which challenges the media for the role they played in the Iraq, Afghanistan, and Israel/Palestine conflicts. The film, which went on nationwide general release on , had its premiere at the Barbican and was aired through Britain's ITV1 on and later through Australia's SBS One on .
Synopsis.
The film begins with footage of an unreported July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike and black and white stills of the victims of the U.S. Occupation of Iraq. In his opening narration Pilger quotes World War I British Prime Minister David Lloyd George’s comment to "Guardian" editor C. P. Scott that, “If the people really knew the truth, the war would be stopped tomorrow.” He goes on to state that this film will draw on his own experience as a war correspondent to question the role of the media in conflicts such as Iraq and Afghanistan.
Media historian Professor Stuart Ewen demonstrates how Edward Bernays’s use of fear to win US public support for the First World War set a precedent used in the build up to the 2003 Invasion of Iraq. Former CIA analyst Professor Melvin Goodman states that part of the Pentagon’s almost 1 billion annual propaganda budget is used to manipulate the news. US Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs Bryan G. Whitman states that most western media reports came from the 700 embedded reporters. Former CBS news anchor Dan Rather, former BBC world affairs reporter Rageh Omaar and former "Observer" journalist David Rose admit to not having done their jobs properly within this regard.
Independent journalist Dahr Jamail, supported by un-broadcast footage from independent filmmaker Mark Manning, reveals the massive unreported suffering of civilians. FAIR’s Steve Rendall relates the story of AP journalist Charles Hanley, whose January 2003 report debunking WMD sites in Iraq went unpublished, as an example of how independent journalism could have averted the war. Pilger confronts BBC Head of Newsgathering Fran Unsworth and ITV News Editor in Chief David Manion for their uncritical echoing of officials.
Public Interest Lawyers’ Phil Shiner details the unreported use of torture on Iraqi civilians such as the murdered Baha Mousa. Photographer Guy Smallman narrates the Granai airstrike which was played-down by the mainstream media in accordance with Edward S. Herman’s theory on unworthy victims. Pilger reports from the Armed Forces Memorial to show the extent of Britain’s unreported enduring imperial role in post-WWII peacetime, confirmed by historian Mark Curtis who believes that journalists could have prevented the war.
Former British Foreign Office diplomat Carne Ross testifies to the unreported suffering inflicted on Iraqi civilians by the post-Gulf War economic sanctions and bombing, which went unquestioned by journalists reliant on official information channels. Glasgow University Media Group’s Professor Greg Philo analyses the intimidation of journalists reporting of the Israeli military occupation of Palestine. Pilger confronts Unsworth and Manion over the Israeli propaganda which dominated BBC and ITV coverage of the Gaza flotilla raid.
Former US Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney dismisses US President Barack Obama, who has failed to withdraw from Iraq, authorised US military action in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia and Yemen, and approved the biggest military budget in history, as a war monger. WikiLeaks Editor in Chief Julian Assange puts money and money making by the military-industrial complex at the heart of the conflicts in Iraq, Afghanistan and Colombia and asserts that investigative journalists are viewed as the number one threat to these activities by the west.
Archive footage shows former U.S. soldier Ethan McCord narrating his discovery of two seriously wounded children in the aftermath of the July 12, 2007 Baghdad airstrike, which Whitman denies is one of a daily occurrences of such events in Iraq and Afghanistan. Pilger concludes in St Bride's Church, London, dedicating the film to the more than 300 journalists, including "Sunday Mirror" reporter Rupert Hamer, killed reporting the Iraq War in 2010 and quoting Claud Cockburn’s maxim “never believe anything until it’s officially denied” calls on his fellow journalists to be the voice of people not power.
Reception.
"The Guardian" film reviewer Peter Bradshaw states that, "The force of his film is in its contention that the colossal scale of civilian casualties is, within the grammar of news, downgraded in importance so that it doesn't figure as news at all, but as all-but-invisible deep background to be ignored." "Pilger gives due respect to WikiLeaks," he concludes, "although his praise for al-Jazeera's independence is ironic, given that WikiLeaks has just revealed the possibility that the Qatar government is manipulating the channel."
"The Guardian" television reviewer John Crace states that, "Pilger has never traded in anything other than black and white," and "Pilger's starting point is that all governments are shysters whose only interest is economic and all journalists are witless dupes," which, "had the feel of slight overkill," but "For all his lack of subtlety, he presents his case with passion and conviction." "What shone through," he concludes, "was that those we rely on to think clearly in times of war are often those most seduced by myopic machismo and that any sense of history gets instantly forgotten." In the "Financial Times", the journalist John Lloyd thought that individuals disagreeing with Pilger's interpretation were "ruthlessly marshalled into a narrative that gave them no quarter" and that by juxtaposing "two strongly put points of view" those watching "could have made up" their own minds. According to Lloyd, Pilger "showed, in his demolition of propaganda – which is what he calls government statements or politicians’ arguments – the mastery of the propagandist arts."
"Total Film" reviewer Tom Dawson describes the film as a, "timely, potent doc," with, "an impressive range of interviewees, including 'embedded' war correspondents and whistleblowers," but concludes that, "it's the leaked footage of a US chopper attack on unarmed Baghdad residents that proves the film’s most disturbing scoop."

</doc>
<doc id="31127418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127418" title="Nicola Formichetti">
Nicola Formichetti

Nicola Formichetti (; born 31 May 1977) is an Italian/Japanese fashion director and fashion editor. He is most widely known as the new artistic director for the Italian fashion label DIESEL, and for being a frequent collaborator with singer-songwriter and performance artist Lady Gaga. He worked two years (September 2010 - April 2013) with the French fashion house MUGLER as artistic director. Formichetti is also known as fashion director of "Vogue Hommes Japan", is a contributing editor of several other fashion magazines, and is fashion director for the clothing company Uniqlo. In November 2010 he was named one of the "most influential creative forces working in fashion today." The following month he was awarded the Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator at the 2010 British Fashion Awards.
Early life.
The son of a Japanese stewardess and an Italian pilot, Formichetti was born in Japan and grew up in Rome and Tokyo, attempting to assimilate in both cultures. As a child he trained as a classical pianist (and still plays for relaxation). But moving to London became his great desire and he used the excuse of attending an architecture school to which he was accepted in order to get there. Formichetti has explained that instead of attending he "literally walked in the front door of the architecture school and then ran out of the back one to go clubbing for three years." He became a student of the nightlife and street fashions, and began working at a fashionable boutique called 'The Pineal Eye' where he would become art director and head buyer for two years. Formichetti is openly gay.
Career.
While working at 'The Pineal Eye' Formichetti was spotted by fashion editor Katy England and she offered him a monthly page at "Dazed & Confused" called "Eye Spy," and after being named the magazine's fashion director in 2005 would eventually be promoted to become its creative director 2008. His work at "Dazed & Confused" led to other fashion magazines, including "V", "Another Magazine", "Arena Homme +", and "Harper's Bazaar USA". Among fashion designers he has worked with Kim Jones, collaborating with him on his collections and shows, and has worked with fashion houses such as Dolce & Gabbana, Alexander McQueen, Gareth Pugh, Carri "Cassette Playa" Mundane, Prada, Missoni, Iceberg, and brands such as Nike, Umbro, Puma, Stussy, Topman, H&M, and Edwin. Among fashion photographers Formichetti has worked with Nick Knight, Hedi Slimane, Terry Richardson, Steven Klein, and Oliviero Toscani, as well as others.
Lady Gaga.
2009-2012.
A prominent current member of the Haus of Gaga, Formichetti's collaboration with Lady Gaga as her stylist, or more appropriately fashion director, began in early May 2009 at a shoot with photographer Sebastian Faena for the July 2009 issue of "V Magazine" ("V60"), Formichetti saying that "It was an instant love." This was soon followed by a cover shoot for "V61" (September issue) with Mario Testino. The following June he was fashion director for her performance at the 2009 MuchMusic Video Awards, and following that for the majority of Lady Gaga's important performances and appearances in the second half of 2009, including at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards in September, where she appeared in four dresses by Jean-Paul Gaultier and one by Alexander McQueen, then on "Saturday Night Live" in October, where she appeared in a metal orb structure designed by Nazir Mazhar, and later at the Royal Variety Performance in December, where she appeared in a latex dress, by Atsuko Kudo, designed to resemble those worn by Elizabeth I of England, for Gaga's introduction to her namesake Elizabeth II. In the fall she also appeared in the third volume of "Vogue Hommes Japan", the editorial titled "Lady Gaga & Araki's Tokyo Love" shot by Nobuyoshi Araki, with the fashion direction naturally by Formichetti. Their first collaboration in a music video together, the immensely successful Bad Romance, directed by Francis Lawrence, would later be voted Video of the Year and then win the Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video. In this Gaga appears in several outfits and footwear by Alexander McQueen, reappears in the orb by Nazir Mazhar, as well as in a "diamond crown" outfit by Franc Fernandez, and one by her creative team, the "Haus of Gaga" itself, among other pieces. Formichetti is also credited as stylist for her album "The Fame Monster" (shot by Hedi Slimane), and has been fashion director for her sold-out The Monster Ball Tour.
2010.
In late January 2010 he was stylist/fashion director for Lady Gaga's music video Telephone, directed by Jonas Åkerlund, which was later released in March. Immediately after this video was filmed came her appearance at the 52nd Grammy Awards (where Gaga performed with Elton John), for which Formichetti was also fashion director. In February he was again for her appearance at the 2010 BRIT Awards, where she dedicated her performance to their friend Alexander McQueen, who had committed suicide only five days earlier. Following their collaboration for several more appearances and performances over the next months came Formichetti's styling for her video Alejandro, directed by his collaborator in the past Steven Klein, and for the associated cover shoot by Terry Richardson for the mid-July issue of "Rolling Stone". Her "American Idol" performance of "Alejandro" in early May was also styled by Formichetti. Among other projects, next came the styling for Richardson's shoot of Gaga (in a meat bikini) and Nick Knight's shoot of model Jo Calderone (Gaga in "drag") for the fifth volume of "Vogue Hommes Japan". Around the same time Richardson shot Gaga as styled by Formichetti for the company Supreme NYC, but the shoot would wait until 2011 to be released both in the Supreme ad campaign and in the French magazine "Purple". Knight then photographed her again, styled by Formichetti, for the upcoming September issue of "Vanity Fair". In August the three would appear yet again in collaboration for the 30th birthday issue of the magazine "i-D" (the shoot itself actually dating from 2009), Formichetti also giving a short interview for the Gaga piece following hers. Then in September came her celebrated appearance, for which he did the styling, at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, where she wore (among other outfits) the famous "meat dress" by Franc Fernandez. Also in September the Fall issue of "V Magazine" ("V67") appeared on newsstands, with Gaga, styled by Formichetti and shot by Mario Testino, on the cover with Marc Jacobs.
At the end of 2010 she was named Best-Dressed of the Year by "Vogue".
2011.
After several months largely out of the spotlight (except on tour) Gaga returned in January 2011 to begin the serious promotion for her upcoming album "Born This Way" and Formichetti has been fashion director for the project. The music video for the title track "Born This Way" was directed later in January by Nick Knight, with Formichetti responsible for the styling. In February came her performance at the 53rd Grammy Awards where they collaborated with designer Hussein Chalayan on her appearance and performance. Gaga, interested in the concept of rebirth, sent Formichetti a picture of a human embryo, and he was first inspired to create, as he told her, "egg shoes—like you were born that way, with eggs as feet." She took the idea further, resulting in the egg or "vessel" (designed by Chalayan) in which she was carried down the red carpet and later onto the stage, hatching out in a yolk-coloured latex outfit to perform her new single "Born This Way". She was wearing, as he tweeted, "Mugler by Nicola Formichetti." A "Born This Way"-associated shoot called "Alien Excess" done in January by photographer Mariano Vivanco for the Spring 2011 (March) issue of "i-D" features Gaga in a latex coat from the new Mugler menswear collection, with Formichetti responsible for the styling. A shot from the same session with Vivanco, but with different styling, also by Formichetti, appeared on the cover of "Billboard" in February.
He has also done Gaga's styling (shot by Nick Knight) for her as spokesperson for the MAC VIVA GLAM Campaign of the MAC AIDS Fund. A new project called "The Masterpiece" has been announced in which Formichetti will collaborate with her for MAC to create a "wearable piece of art" composed of the profile photos of fans who join the campaign.
2012.
On October 23, 2012 in a The Huffington Post interview "Huffington Post/Lope Navo Interview", Nicola Formichetti was mentioned by fashion photographer Lope Navo "I bumped into then-stylist Nicola Formicetti in B Bar in NYC randomly and he told me he saw the first cover I shot in Milan for Rodeo magazine of Seijo Imazaki. He said he loved it and we have been in touch ever since. He gave me so much advice about my work." 
MUGLER.
After months of rumours, in September 2010 Formichetti was announced as the new creative director for the Parisian fashion house founded by the celebrated designer Thierry Mugler (who has largely retired from the business), which he has renamed to MUGLER. He has said that it was in fact Lady Gaga who persuaded him to go for the job, when they were looking through pieces from the Mugler archive when shooting the video for "Telephone". At MUGLER Formichetti oversees designers Sébastien Peigné for womenswear and Romain Kremer for menswear. Joël Palix, director general of the company, said "We were looking for a young talent who could really bring energy to the brand... Nicola is a multicultural, techno-savvy expert involved in fashion, communication, image and entertainment. He and the appointed talented designers will represent a new direction for French fashion. Nicola Formichetti leaves MUGLER on April 2, 2013. "
For the occasion, he also asked the k-pop artist G-Dragon to compose a theme for the fashion runway, entitled "I am Mugler".
Menswear.
The menswear, a collaboration with Romain Kremer, of Formichetti's debut (Fall/Winter) collection "Anatomy of Change" premiered during the Men's Paris fashion week on 19 January 2011. This was accompanied by a video shot by Mariano Vivanco, featuring Formichetti's new muse, the full-body tattooed Canadian model Rick Genest, and by a remix by Lady Gaga, as musical director for the menswear project, of a new track ("Scheiße") from her upcoming album "Born This Way". The clothes, worn by Rico Genest and other models on the runway, recall those by Mugler himself from earlier decades, in such ways as the use of the colours navy blue and bright orange, or "hyper-modern"-style jackets lacking lapels. The collection also features some not-so-conventional latex pieces such as biker jackets, gloves, and even latex trousers. On the overall vision, Cathy Horyn of "The New York Times" describes Formichetti creating a "mechanical man" in the tradition of Mugler's fantastical woman, yet Adam Tschorn of the "Los Angeles Times" found plenty of the pieces surprisingly wearable. Formichetti himself says on the collection "I want to say something that has the past and the future, but what is really important to me is the present." Returning to Rico Genest, it was his discovery by Formichetti and then Gaga's urging which actually resulted in the menswear show, something not originally planned. Genest's discovery also influenced the collection itself. The show was streamed live from Paris on the Internet.
Genest can be seen styled in MUGLER by Formichetti and shot by Mariano Vivanco in the sixth volume of "Vogue Hommes Japan", the editorial being titled "Hard To Be Passive". In the Spring/Summer 2011 issue of "GQ Style" (UK) Formichetti is interviewed on the future of the brand, with Genest (also interviewed) shot in MUGLER by Karim Sadli for the editorial.
Womenswear.
On March 2 the womenswear, a collaboration with Sébastien Peigné, premiered. Lady Gaga was again musical director, previewing the track "Government Hooker" from her upcoming album as well as including the already released title track "Born This Way" in the soundtrack. But this time she actually performed on the runway in person for Formichetti's show, modelling pieces from his collection, called "Anatomy of Change Femme – Mode Sans Frontiers." Additionally, Rick Genest from the menswear collection made a reappearance on the runway among the models. The reaction of critics to the clothes was generally similar to their reaction to the menswear two months previously. Formichetti offers a silhouette in the Mugler tradition, "minimally rendered" as described by Cathy Horyn, and with sculptured shoulders (for the appropriate pieces), Alex Fury of SHOWstudio.com describing them as "architectonic". For the show Formichetti employed Rein Vollenga to contribute sculptural elements to the silhouette, Atsuko Kudo skin-like items of torn-up latex, and Franc Fernandez for Gaga's two hats. She herself gave input for the collection, associated with her "Born This Way" projects and performances, but is not financially involved with Formichetti's MUGLER. As he says, "It's just friends helping each other... I think when you start talking about money, it stops the whole creative process for me."
Although there was worry it might, Gaga's appearance did not prevent Formichetti's audience from noticing the clothes, variously described as "shiny and sexy", and "taut and futuristic", or like the menswear "surprisingly wearable", in particular the jackets and dresses. He chose to go mainly with the colours black, white, electric/royal blue, and beige. The set he designed for the show was composed of clustered columns from which rose arches to form a structure resembling the long central interior of a Gothic Cathedral, the nave and its flanking aisles, through which the models, Genest and finally Gaga strutted. While it was found by critics among Formichetti's audience who were physically present at the show that both the architecture and lighting made it difficult to properly see the collection, the performance was as much or more for the millions around the world watching it streamed live on the Internet, like the menswear collection, but this time on the brand's Facebook page, and featuring forty five minutes live behind the scenes preshow. In fact he believes the future of the brand is a digital one, Formichetti saying "I design digitally, I communicate digitally, and I live digitally, and I wanted to incorporate that into the brand." For him Gaga's performance fits in the "new Mugler world", a "fantasy world" fusion of high fashion and pop with an existence both real and digital. The performance continued with her wearing a leopard print see-through catsuit from his collection out on a Paris street and into the celebrated restaurant Maxim's for the afterparty.
Nicopanda.
Nicola, along with his brother Andrea Formichetti, created the Nicopanda line based on the panda cartoon that looks like Nicola. The story behind the name, accordingly to Nicola, "my friends used to call me Nico Panda because I’m half Asian, I had this long beard back then; and was a little chubby, so I looked like a bear—an Asian bear. So people started calling me Nico Panda" 
Nicola's New York.
The nicopanda line was first introduced in September 2011 at Nicola's pop up shop in New York's Tribeca district. Along with the Gage/Clemenceau Architects, the space at 50 walker street was transformed into a mirrored prism that housed vintage Versace, MUGLER, Uniqlo, Nicopanda products like the zombiepanda rings, iPhone and iPad skins in collaboration with Gizmobies, and looks by the Haus of Gaga. Nicola worried that people wouldn't show up to the store,
While the pop-up was happening, Nicola made a competition for his fans on twitter, where the winners were invited to the pop-up for a breakfast with Nicola and a preview of the new Uniqlo line he worked on, the Innovation Project. Fans drove from Ohio and flew in from Phoenix for this chance.
Nicopanda Lane Crawford.
In May 2012, Nicola opened Nicopanda pop up stores at Lane Crawford in Beijing and Hong Kong.
Nicopanda Tokyo.
After opening up pop-up stores in Hong Kong and Beijing, Nicola opened up more pop-ups in Tokyo in June 2012. There were pop-ups in LHP in the Harajuku district, in Opening Ceremony in the SHibuya district, and also a pop-up shop and gallery at the Isetan Shinjuku department store. It was in this pop-up gallery that the Amebapanda chetti design was first presented, along with the Nicopanda X Hello Kitty collaboration.
Villa Effe.
In August 2012, Nicola and his brother, Andrea opened up a "super complex" in Nicola's hometown of Numazu, Shizuoka Japan. Villa Effe holds a wedding hall, a restaurant, a beauty salon and a shopping hall that includes displays Haus of Gaga looks and the Nicopanda line.
Vogue Hommes Japan.
Formichetti was Fashion Editor for "Vogue Hommes Japan" from its inception until Fall 2012, when the magazine was folded and repackaged into GQ Style.
Uniqlo.
As of January 2013, Formichetti remains as Fashion Director for Uniqlo.
MAC.
In addition to his collaboration with Lady Gaga for the MAC VIVA GLAM Campaign, Formichetti has styled Irina Lazareanu, shot by Miles Aldridge and co-styled by Dillon Turman, for MAC's "Quite Cute" collection.
Philosophy and Influence.
In the fifth volume of "Vogue Hommes Japan", Lady Gaga had the following to say about what she and Formichetti desire for the future of fashion:
Formichetti has repeatedly declared he is "not an elitist" in fashion, instead wanting to share what he does with everyone, using the Internet for this purpose. Like Gaga, who has inspired him to do so, he also interacts with and is inspired by his followers, and usually works in collaboration with others. He sees himself not as a "stylist", which term he rejects, but rather as an art director "whose job it is to create moods, oversee an overall image." As he further told "Vice":
His influence is varied. Before his MUGLER collections even premiered he was ranked the most influential stylist in the world (even if he dislikes the term), in no small part because of the enormous volume of his fashion magazine work, including making "Vogue Hommes Japan" "the most powerful Japanese-language publication in the global fashion industry", and because of his consulting for a number of fashion houses and other brands. It is with and through Lady Gaga as her fashion director, however, that Formichetti's influence on culture is greatest. Previously the role and influence of stylists was more limited, and while others have become designers, he is the first to take control of a major fashion house, interpreted as the most prominent example of a stylist becoming a power broker within the industry. Formichetti's eclectic selection for the avant-garde Gaga of pieces from designers ranging vastly from the great, such as Giorgio Armani, to the obscure, has influenced what has been described as a "cultural phenomenon" of imitation, extending even into "provincial backwaters".
He frequently meets and is very hopeful for many younger talents who are interested in fashion today.

</doc>
<doc id="31127449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127449" title="1949 Wilkes 200">
1949 Wilkes 200

The 1949 Wilkes 200 was a NASCAR Strictly Stock (now Sprint Cup Series) racing event that took place on October 16, 1949.
Temperatures for this race reached an absolute maximum of while wind speeds reached a maximum of . These weather conditions were recorded at nearby Hickory Regional Airport; a public airport located three miles (5 km) west of the central business district of nearby Hickory, North Carolina.
Summary.
Ten thousand people would attend this live racing event where Kenneth Wagner qualified for the race with a pole position speed of – the equivalent of 31.27 seconds. The entire race took place on a dirt track spanning per lap.
This would be the final race of the 1949 NASCAR season and would take place at North Wilkesboro Speedway in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina. Bob Flock would defeat Lee Petty by an entire football field – – to win NASCAR's first racing event with an established name. Flock would earn a mere $1,500 in prize winnings ($ when inflation is taken into effect). Frank Mundy would receive a last-place finish for only finishing 38 laps out of the mandated 200 laps. Bill Blair would lead the most laps in this race with 180 laps led out of 200.
Sponsors for the drivers included: Bob Flock Garage, the Green Leaf Cafe, Parks Novelty, Moyer Co., and LaBelle Motors. The race took one hour and fifty-two minutes to complete resolve itself. Red Byron would go on to win NASCAR's first ever championship while Sara Christian would become one of its first female drivers.

</doc>
<doc id="31127482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127482" title="Girella">
Girella

Girella is a species of sea chubs mostly native to the Pacific Ocean with a smaller presence in the Indian and Atlantic oceans.
Species.
There are currently 18 recognized species in this genus:
Synonyms.
The following list of genus names have all been synonymized with "Girella":

</doc>
<doc id="31127502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127502" title="Awake and Remixed EP">
Awake and Remixed EP

Awake and Remixed EP is the first remix album from the Christian rock band Skillet. All songs are remixed versions from their previous album, Awake. It was released on March 22, 2011 and debuted at No. 98 on the "Billboard" 200.
Track listing.
Reception
The remix album received mixed reviews from critics, with many citing that only half of the album was enjoyable.

</doc>
<doc id="31127508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127508" title="Cantharidinae">
Cantharidinae

The Cantharidinae are a taxonomic subfamily of very small to large sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Trochidae, common name top snails. 
Originally it was ranked as tribe of the Trochinae, according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi from 2005, but was elevated to the rank of subfamily following Williams et al. 

</doc>
<doc id="31127568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127568" title="Jimmy Lile">
Jimmy Lile

James Buel Lile, known as Jimmy Lile or The Arkansas Knifesmith (August 22, 1933 – May 5, 1991), was an American knifemaker from Russellville in Pope County, Arkansas, who made the Rambo Knife for the films "First Blood" and "". As a knifemaker Lile served as a President of the Knifemakers' Guild and on the Board of Directors of the American Bladesmith Society.
Early life.
A Russellville native, Lile was the son of a coal miner. He made his first knife at the age of eleven by grinding an old file into a blade. He spent his young adult life working as a high school teacher, serving in the United States Army, and as a construction contractor.
Knifemaker.
In 1971, Lile became a full-time knifemaker and was known as "Gentleman Lile" or "The Arkansas Knifemaker". He was particularly known for his Survival knife designs known as "The Mission" series, created by request for Sylvester Stallone to use in his first two "Rambo" movies. These designs would go on to influence other knife makers in the 1980s. In addition to creating the Rambo knives, Lile designed and made several Bowie knives that he presented to Governor Bill Clinton and U.S. Presidents Ronald Reagan, Richard Nixon, and Gerald R. Ford, Jr. Other owners of his work included John Wayne, Peter Fonda, Fess Parker, Bo Derek, and Johnny Cash. 
When Lile was approached with the specifications for the "Rambo" knife, he was told to design it not as a mere "prop" but as a basic tool to perform a variety of tasks. Lile adapted a basic clip point Bowie knife which could be used to chop wood and slice food while retaining an edge. He employed a waterproof hollow handle design to store matches, needles, thread, and a compass; the hollow-handle allows the knife to be fitted to a pole to make a spear or gig. The handle was wrapped with nylon line that could be used for fishing or making snares. The tips on the guards were made into a standard and Phillips screwdriver and the spine was serrated. Lile chose to forge the blade of 440C high-carbon steel, which he claimed could cut through the fuselage of an aircraft.
Lile was elected president of the Knifemakers Guild in 1978 and was an early member of the American Bladesmith Society. He was elected to the Board of Directors of the ABS in 1977 and acted as a liaison between the two groups. His "Lile Lock" folding knife is on display at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C. In 1984 he was inducted into the "Blade Magazine" Cutlery Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="31127590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127590" title="25th National Hockey League All-Star Game">
25th National Hockey League All-Star Game

The 25th National Hockey League All-Star Game was held in the Met Center in Bloomington, MN, home of the Minnesota North Stars, on January 25, 1972. It was the first and only time the All-Star Game was held at the Met Center. The East Division All-Stars defeated the West Division All-Stars 3–2. Bobby Orr was named the game's most valuable player.
League business.
Clarence Campbell, president of the NHL announced that the NHL was expanding to Atlanta and Long Island. Campbell also indicated that the NHL would expand by two further teams for the 1974–75 season. The executives of the Central Hockey League and the Western Hockey League met to discuss the merger of their two leagues. The merger discussions were disrupted when Daniel Myers, owner of the Salt Lake Golden Eagles, committed suicide.
The game.
It was the first time since 1956 that Gordie Howe did not play in the All-Star Game.
Summary.
Source: Podnieks

</doc>
<doc id="31127595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127595" title="Mohammad Mokhtari (protester)">
Mohammad Mokhtari (protester)

Mohammad Mokhtari () (September 10, 1989 – February 15, 2011) was an Iranian university student fatally wounded by a gunshot during the February 14 2011 protests in Tehran in support of Egyptian and Tunisian revolutions. He died the next day, while hospitalized. Like Sane Jaleh, the other protester at the demonstration who was killed, both pro- and anti-Iranian government sides claim him as a supporter.
Mohammad reportedly "came from a large middle class family, and loved sports". He was attending Azad University in Shahrood.
Killing and controversy.
The "Tehran Times" wrote that according to witnesses, Jalleh, Mokhtari, and two other people were shot by rioters during the unrest on Monday. Jalleh succumbed to his injuries on the same day, and Mokhtari died on Tuesday.
In contrast, the American newspaper the Wall Street Journal reported that Mokhtari was one of the "rioters." Reporter Farnaz Fassihi—who spoke with "Mokhtari's family and friends"—wrote that Mokhtari enjoyed watching Voice of America's anti-government satire television program Parazit, and posted messages on Facebook encouraging his friends to join the anti-government protests. She stated both he and Jaleh
were shot by men on motorcycles that their friends say bore the hallmarks of the Iranian paramilitary Basij.
After Mr. Mokhtari was shot, he briefly fell to the ground but got up and continued marching for a while as blood soaked his shirt, witnesses said. He said he was fine, according to friend, but died in the hospital the next day.
...three days before his death, Mr. Mokhtari wrote on his Facebook wall, "God, give me death by standing for it's better than a life of sitting under oppression."
Aftermath.
On February 20 "thousands took to the streets of Iran's largest cities ... to commemorate the deaths" of the two protesters. According to Human Rights Watch, during a protest in the city of Shiraz yet another student demonstrator was killed, Hamed Nour-Mohammadi. According to anti-government activists, Nour-Mohammadi was "killed by security forces" while "trying to escape their attacks". Iranian state media quoted "Shiraz University Chancellor Mohammad Moazeni as saying that Nour-Mohammadi was killed in a car accident".

</doc>
<doc id="31127614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127614" title="Danilo Gentili">
Danilo Gentili

Danilo Gentili Junior, better known as Danilo Gentili (born September 27, 1979) is an advertiser, comedian, writer, cartoonist, reporter, businessman and talk-show host. Has emerged in Brazil as part of the comedy TV show "CQC Brasil", Rede Bandeirantes, and started his own talk-show, "The Noite".
Early life.
Danilo Gentili Junior was born in Santo André, São Paulo, Brazil, and grew up in working suburbia. He was born Catholic, but grew up to become Protestant in his teenage years. He is the youngest child of Guiomar Gentili, a housewife from a small city in the state of Minas Gerais, and Danilo Gentili Sr., a type-machine maintenance man born in Botucatu, SP. Gentili is an Italian descendant, whose grandfather, Ulderico Gentili, a sacred painter, who escaped to Brazil from Italy during the World War II.
When Gentili was at the age of 18, he lost his father due to a sudden heart attack. Six months later, his older sister, Karina Gentili, died in a car accident. Since then, he has been the one responsible for his and his mother's household.
Gentili graduated in 2003 in Social Communication - Advertising UniABC.
Career.
Early career.
In 2006 he founded a comedy show called "Comedia ao Vivo". That same year, he joined the Stand-Up Comedy group Clube da Comédia.
In 2007, a producer from the soon-to-premier "CQC" show was watching his stand-up show at a bar and asked him to audition for the show. He got the job and in 2008 the show aired and changed his life.
From 2008–2009, he wrote a column on Mondays for one of the newspapers with more printed issues in Brazil, "Metro".
In 2008 he collaborated with the largest circulation magazine in Brazil, "Mad".
Television.
CQC.
In 2008, Danilo Gentili premiered on TV with a show called Custe o que Custar (CQC), on TV Bandeirantes. On his first interview, he put his guest, the singer Agnaldo Timóteo, in an awkward situation with all his nonsense questions and the guest left in the middle of the interview. That paid off. It was a big hit. What was supposed to be a temporary job for Danilo, turned out to be his great starting point on TV.
The show became famous due to “Inexperienced Reporter” (Reporter Inexperiente), a part of the show where Danilo pretended to be a newbie interviewing guests and asking them all kinds of nonsense questions. After a while he started doing more than that on the show. So he stood out on CQC interviewing people all over, especially about politics. At the Congress he became that reporter that every politician was afraid of. They tried to avoid being ridiculed when faced with his questions and being confronted with truths (which the viewers themselves would like to do so).
During the CQC Season of 2010/11, Danilo Gentili was conducting segments on the show called “Protest Now” and "National Identity" and also the main national political events.
In the years Danilo was covering stories in the National Congress, he starred in what later became newsworthy stories, i.e. he was kicked out of the Nacional Congress and banned from returning due to his questions on the chamber's president corruption charges, he was later physically assaulted by a senator's bodyguard and in another story he was held prisoner by the police after exposing a public school's administration problems.
On the last episode of the 2011 season, Danilo said his goodbye to the show so he could dedicate 100% of himself to his new project, the talk show "Agora é Tarde". At the occasion, he was honored by the show, which he was a part of for 4 seasons.
"Agora é Tarde".
Host and co-creator of the late-night show "Agora é Tarde" ("It's too late"). This late-night talk show premiered June 2011 on TV Band and got high ratings and great reviews.
The show premiered with great ratings and reviews, both from the media and from the viewers.
The show has Ultraje a Rigor as the supporting band, has comedy segments, stand-up monologue, round-table with comedians talking about recent news and Brazilian stars as the main guests.
The media doubted the politically incorrect boy of possibly becoming one of the biggest hosts in Latin America, but since the show started, its viewers increased in 200% the network's ratings for that time slot.
Critics' recognition.
Other than the awards, the show has been highly acclaimed by the critics for the quality of the show and also for the host's skills. According to the columnist Flávio Ricco, from UOL, "Danilo showed, more than anything, to be a real hard worker. A lot of what you see on the show is due to his strength and perseverance."
Awards.
"Agora é Tarde" was chosen by the newspaper O Globo as "Best 2011 TV Show" and Danilo Gentili, the 'Best TV Show Host'. It was also chosen by the Brazilian Press Association as the 'Best Talk Show' in the 2012 edition of the awards.
Os Fatos Espetaculares do Ano.
Danilo Gentili created and host this comic retrospective quizz about 2012 news highlights. First aired on TV Band on December 18, 2012.
Stand-up comedy.
Politically Incorrect.
In 2010, the day before election day, Danilo wrote and presented a stand-up show talking about every single presidential candidate that year and broadcast it live on Brazil's biggest internet portal (UOL) with an audience of 1.5 million viewers. The show and Danilo hit the top 3 Trending Topics on twitter and there they stood for 2 days in a roll. The show turned into a DVD, an audiobook and a book and got world-wide comments by The New York Times (USA) and The Guardian (England).
Danilo Gentili: Volume 1.
Considered a great surprise for the Brazilian comedy, Danilo sees the world in a very peculiar way. With a humorous and critical view of events, he builds his shows from the common life: personal frustrations, relationships, politics, current events, unusual facts and even the most trivial things, everything becomes raw material for his funny and clever work. Danilo Gentili naturally seem to know the recipe of the genre: originality, surprise, charisma and connection with the audience, these are the perfect ingredients for a good dose of humor, the one of the best medicine there is. After years of performing in bars and theaters, Danilo selected the tested and approved material by his audience and put together a 1-hour solo show and recently has documented that show so it will come out as a DVD later 2011.
International critics.
"The New York Times".
In 2011 Danilo Gentili was mentioned in "The New York Times" for his comedy work in Brazil. About him, "The New York Times" wrote:
"Supplying Brazil’s Laugh Track" - With his baby face, boyish manner and goofy laugh, Mr. Gentili, 32, is the enfant terrible of comedy in Brazil. He has built his reputation on a willingness to ask celebrities — and especially politicians — questions that are considered embarrassing, outrageous or disrespectful. Recently he also got himself into trouble with a Twitter post that enraged Jewish community leaders in São Paulo. Even so, in June he became host of a late-night talk show on a national network and the big question now is: Will that format succeed in taming him? So far, the answer is no.
"A Brazilian’s Comic Mania: Social Media" - Danilo Gentili, partner of a comedy club, has more than a touch of Bill Maher in him, as shown by a DVD called “Politicamente Incorreto.” 
“We’re not considered artists, we’re compared to punk rockers playing in the garage to see what happens, and I’m fine with that,” said Mr. Gentili, 32, who has just been given a late-night talk show on the Bandeirantes network.
"The Guardian".
The UK newspaper cited Danilo Gentili in two articles. He was compared with Bill Maher (in 2011) and Jon Stewart (in 2012).
"Brazil's stand-up comics lead social revolution against powerful elites" - Danilo Gentili comedy also drew attention of England’s leading newspaper, The Guardian. In Tom Phillips's article, Gentili is named a comedian that leads a revolution “a highly controversial but also wildly popular comedian who is blazing a trail for stand-up comedy in South America's largest nation, is a man who enjoys living on the edge.”
The newspaper has highlighted the following of Mr. Gentili: "We earn money this way. If people get on TV they'll earn more money, even better. But if they don't, damn it. This will keep happening. So they don't owe allegiance to anyone.",
"Anywhere in the world people understand that the role of the comedian is to crack jokes. One day they'll understand it in Brazil, too, I hope," he said.
"... With his stubble, baseball cap and habitual bleary-eyed look, he's like a shabbier version of The Daily Show's Jon Stewart. His approach isn't always subtle, sometimes abusing the powers that be in terms that would make Frankie Boyle blanch – as when he suggested the Brazilian president, a former victim of brutal state torture, had brought it upon herself – but it's won him a considerable domestic following among those who find his uncompromising style a breath of fresh air." 
"Manager Magazin".
Gentili was once again mentioned in an international article. After the British "The Guardian" and American "The New York Times", now it is German "Manager Magazin" – a business magazine from the Der Spiegel group, one of the most important ones in Germany – who mentions the Brazilian comedian.
In the article, that brings to attention the advances of Brazilian technology, Gentili is presented as an influential comedian online, with more than 2 million Twitter followers. 
"Prospect Magazine".
Gentili made the headline of another British article, this time the "Prospect Magazine" compares the Brazilian comedian with Jon Stewart and stats that Gentili is helping Brazil match economic weight with cultural clout.
"Forbes" magazine.
"Forbes" magazine add Danilo Gentili on their list of "Names you Need to Know". 
With a brief history on the comedians and a Q&A, the magazine highlights Danilo as the country’s latest comic phenomenon. 

</doc>
<doc id="31127654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127654" title="1957 Southern 500">
1957 Southern 500

The 1957 Southern 500 was a NASCAR Grand National Series racing event that took place on September 2, 1957 at the famous Darlington Speedway in Darlington, South Carolina.
Summary.
The event took five hours and one second to resolve itself on a paved oval track spanning for a total distance of . Seventy-five thousand fans would attend this live NASCAR racing event.
As a result, Speedy Thompson defeated Cotton Owens while traveling at a speed of by simply lapping him three times during the race. Thompson would drive the iconic 1957 Chevrolet during that race; that vehicle would go on to win the 1958 and the 1959 runnings of the Southern 500. Owens would acquire the pole position with a speed of during the qualifying session, however, due to the abundant amount of clean air created by driving solo. T.A. Toomes would receive the last-place finish due to a problem with his brakes on lap 3 out of 364. Bobby Myers would lose his life as a result of a race-related crash; Fonty Flock and Paul Goldsmith would also be involved in this accident. George Parrish would make a notable appearance in this race using a 1956 Studebaker Golden Hawk; he would witness the fatal crash of Bobby Myers at an extremely close range. Since he had two children living at home with his wife, Parrish decided that the risky world of NASCAR racing wasn't for him and retired after the 1958 NASCAR Cup Series season.
As a rookie, Cale Yarborough would make his NASCAR debut here and would finish in 42nd place (out of 50 drivers). Fonty Flock would retire after this race.

</doc>
<doc id="31127674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127674" title="N. O. Young Fearnley">
N. O. Young Fearnley

Nils Olav Young Fearnley (14 December 1881 – 1961) was a Norwegian businessperson and landowner. He established several industries in Norway, among them Ranheim Papirfabrikk.
Personal life.
He was born in Kristiania to the ship-owner Thomas Fearnley (1841–1927) and his wife Elisabeth Young (1854–1932). He was a brother of Thomas Fearnley (1880–1961), grandson of painter Thomas Fearnley, paternal grandnephew of Carl Frederik Fearnley and maternal grandnephew of Nicolai Andresen.
In 1906 he married Ingeborg Heiberg, a daughter of Axel Heiberg. Their daughter Wanda was married to Dag Klaveness.
Career.
N. O. Young Fearnley went to a trade school in Leipzig, Germany. He also spent learning years at the Young properties in Hakadal and a timber trading company in London. In 1906 he founded Meraker Brug, where he was the factory manager until 1912. He then worked as the manager of Union Co until 1919. He established several other industries in Norway, among them Ranheim Papirfabrikk. After 1919 he was a landowner based at Aas in Hakadal.
Fearnley chaired "Papirindustriens arbeidsgiverforening", the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History and the Norwegian Kennel Club and was a vice president of the Federation of Norwegian Industries. He chaired the supervisory council of Ringnes Bryggeri, was a board member of the Norwegian Employers' Confederation, Forsikringsselskapet Viking, Lillestrøms Cellulosefabrikk as well as Meraker Brug and Ranheim Papirfabrikk. He was a founder and honorary member of the gentlemen's club SK Fram.

</doc>
<doc id="31127681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127681" title="The Uses of Enchantment">
The Uses of Enchantment

The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales is a 1976 book by Austria-born American psychologist Bruno Bettelheim in which he analyzes fairy tales in terms of Freudian psychology.
In the book, Bettelheim discusses the emotional and symbolic importance of fairy tales for children, including traditional tales at one time considered too dark, such as those collected and published by the Brothers Grimm. Bettelheim suggested that traditional fairy tales, with the darkness of abandonment, death, witches, and injuries, allowed children to grapple with their fears in remote, symbolic terms. If they could read and interpret these fairy tales in their own way, he believed, they would get a greater sense of meaning and purpose. Bettelheim thought that by engaging with these socially evolved stories, children would go through emotional growth that would better prepare them for their own futures.
Structure and contents.
The book is divided into two main sections. The first, "A Pocketful of Magic," outlines Bettelheim's thoughts on the value of fairy tales for children. The second part, "In Fairy Land," presents psychoanalytical readings of several popular fairy tales, specifically:
Awards.
In the U.S., Bettelheim and "The Uses of Enchantment" won the 1976 National Book Critics Circle Award for Criticism
and the 1977 National Book Award in category Contemporary Thought.There was a "Contemporary" or "Current" award category from 1972 to 1980.</ref>
Accusations of Plagiarism.
In 1991, University of California anthropologist Alan Dundes accused Bettelheim of copying key passages from "A Psychiatric Study of Myths and Fairy Tales: their origin, meaning, and usefulness" (1974) by Julius Heuscher without giving appropriate credit. This accusation of plagiarism is not conclusive.
In popular culture.
"The Uses of Enchantment" has been cited as an influence in many subsequent works that utilise fairy tales in adult terms, including the 1986 Stephen Sondheim musical "Into the Woods" and the 2011 Catherine Hardwicke film "Red Riding Hood".

</doc>
<doc id="31127706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127706" title="List of Breakout Kings episodes">
List of Breakout Kings episodes

"Breakout Kings" is an American crime drama television series that premiered on the A&E Network on March 6, 2011. "Breakout Kings" was created by Nick Santora and Matt Olmstead, who previously worked together on "Prison Break". It premiered as the most-watched original drama series in A&E's history among adults 25–54 and adults 18–49, delivering 1.6 million adults 25–54 and 1.5 million adults 18–49. The series was picked up for a second season on July 6, 2011. The season finale of the second season aired on April 29, 2012 at 9 p.m. ET/PT featured two hours of back-to-back episodes "Freakshow" and "Served Cold" instead of the usual one-hour episode at 10 p.m. Executive producer and creator Nick Santora once opined, "Our DVR+7 day numbers are really strong. A lot of people are watching the show; a lot of them just don't watch it on the night it premieres."
On May 17, 2012, A&E canceled "Breakout Kings" after two seasons; executive producer Matt Olmstead choosing to move on to another series.

</doc>
<doc id="31127780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127780" title="Astronomical complex">
Astronomical complex

An astronomical complex or commemorative astronomical complex is a series of man-made structures with an astronomical purposes. It has been used when referring to a group of Megalithic structures that it is claimed show high precision astronomical alignments. For the study of Archaeoastronomy, such complexes of similar structures are required for adequate measurement and calculation to ensure that similar celestial sightlines were intended by the designers. These arrangements have also been known as observational, ceremonial or ritual complexes with importance for the study of prehistoric cultures.
The term has been used in the naming of various series of observatories used for observing the stars in modern times.
Ancient astronomical complexes.
Examples of suggested ancient astronomical complexes that may have been used as solar and lunar observatories include:
Modern astronomical complexes.
Examples of modern astronomical complexes of stellar observatories include:

</doc>
<doc id="31127835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127835" title="Our Colline's a Treasure">
Our Colline's a Treasure

"Our Colline'a a Treasure" is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1987 and released on the Italian Soul Note label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="31127872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127872" title="Zero-waste fashion">
Zero-waste fashion

Zero-waste fashion refers to items of clothing that generate little or no textile waste in their production. It can be considered to be a part of the broader Sustainable fashion movement. It can be divided into two general approaches. Pre-consumer zero-waste fashion eliminates waste during manufacture. Post-consumer zero-waste fashion generates clothing from post-consumer garments such as second-hand clothing, eliminating waste at what would normally be the end of the product use life of a garment. Zero-waste fashion is not a new concept - early examples of zero-waste or near zero-waste garments include Kimono, Sari, Chiton and many other traditional folk costumes.
Pre-consumer zero-waste design.
Two general approaches fall under this category, both of which occur during a garment's initial production. In zero-waste fashion design the designer creates a garment through the pattern cutting process, working within the space of the fabric width. This approach directly influences the design of the final garment as the pattern cutting process is a primary design step. It is difficult to design a zero-waste garment solely through sketching, although sketching can be a useful speculative tool. Zero-waste manufacture, of which zero-waste design is a component, is a holistic approach that can eliminate textile waste without modifying the garment patterns.
Zero-waste pattern designers.
Designers that have used this approach, or approaches to cutting that have an affinity with zero-waste fashion design, include
Zero-waste manufacture.
Approaches can include the use of technology such as whole garment knitting and the relatively new DPOL a patent by designer Siddhartha Upadhyaya, but often waste is eliminated by reusing the off-cuts in other products. Designers and companies that have used these approaches include:
Differences from standard fashion production.
A standard garment production process may begin with a drawing of the desired garment, a pattern is then generated to achieve this design, a marker is made to most efficiently use the fabric (without modifying the pattern shapes), the pattern pieces are then cut from the cloth, sewn, packed and distributed to retailers. Standard garment production generates and average of 15% textile waste due to the stratification or hierarchy of the garment production process.
Post-consumer zero-waste.
This design approach utilises the remnants of the fashion cycle to produce new garments from second hand or surplus goods. Practitioners include:
Waste elimination hierarchy.
The waste hierarchy consists of the three 'R's' - Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, in order of impact. Zero-waste fashion design eliminates pre-consumer textile waste, while not necessarily addressing waste created during the use life and disposal phase of the garment's life cycle.

</doc>
<doc id="31127877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127877" title="Challenge Stakes (Australia)">
Challenge Stakes (Australia)

The Challenge Stakes is a Group 2 Australian Thoroughbred horse race at weight for age run over a distance of 1000 metres at Warwick Farm Racecourse, Sydney in March. Total prize money for the race is A$400,000.
Race history.
The race was first run in 1906. Before 2003 the race was run in January or early February.
The race record was set by De Lightning Ridge in 2010 in a time of 55.92 seconds.
Past winners.
† Dead heat

</doc>
<doc id="31127917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127917" title="Scuttle (software)">
Scuttle (software)

Scuttle is a PHP/MySQL-based open source social bookmarking application. It contains code from other PHP-based projects such as Drupal and jQuery.
Functions.
Scuttle offers the same functionality as most of the social bookmarking websites such as tagging, RSS, multiple languages and security settings(public and private). It also supports bookmark imports from delicious and the delicious API, which means that all programs or widgets might also work. Backups are available via XML or MySQL Backend. It lacks an administrator backend, although there is one commercially available called ""Scuttle Plus"". The more advanced "semantic scuttle" provides anti-spam protection, structured tags and collaborative tag description.

</doc>
<doc id="31127933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127933" title="JJ Bunny">
JJ Bunny

JJ Bunny is a Nollywood USA actor residing in the United States. She is a recording artist and a filmmaker who acted in her first feature film entitled "Caged" in 2009.
She has successfully trescend into the Nollywood and Gollywood film industry and now the most sort after actress in the industry.

</doc>
<doc id="31127938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127938" title="National Invasive Species Act">
National Invasive Species Act

The National Invasive Species Act (NISA) was sponsored by U.S. House Representative Steve LaTourette on 28 September 1996, and it became Public Law No. 104-332 (H.R. 4283) on 26 October 1996. The official purpose, as introduced, is: “To provide for ballast water management to prevent the introduction and spread of non-indigenous species into the waters of the United States, and for other purposes.” It was created to reauthorize and amend a previous measure, the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (NANPCA), and one of its prime focuses is to prevent invasive species from entering the Great Lakes through ballast water. The Federal departments and agencies involved with carrying out NISA are the United States Department of the Interior, Fish and Wildlife Service; Department of Transportation, Coast Guard (the Coast Guard moved to the Department of Homeland Security in 2002); Environmental Protection Agency; United States Department of Defense, Army Corps of Engineers; and the United States Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Organisms targeted by NISA are categorized as aquatic nuisance species, including in particular Zebra mussels and Eurasian ruffe. To extend upon NANPCA, NISA authorizes regulation of ballast water, a key factor in the spread of aquatic invasive species; funding for prevention and control research; regional involvement with the Aquatic Nuisance Species Task Force; and education and technical assistance programs to promote compliance with the new regulations. NISA also includes specific actions for certain geographical locations, such as the Great Lakes, Chesapeake Bay, the Gulf of Mexico, and San Francisco Bay.
NISA expired in 2002.
Environmental issue.
NISA directly addresses problems associated with nonindigenous species, with special attention on aquatic nuisance species in the Great Lakes. In the proper conditions, nonindigenous species can out-compete indigenous species by dominating resources or spreading diseases or parasites. These disruptions can lead to a loss of biodiversity and as a result, ecosystems and economies are greatly affected. Below are a few descriptions of nonindigenous species that are mentioned in NISA.
Zebra mussels.
In 1988 zebra mussels ("Dreissena polymorpha") were found in Lake Erie, and soon after they spread to all the Great Lakes. Since then, zebra mussels can still be found in each of the Great Lakes, as well as throughout the major navigable rivers in the eastern part of the United States (including the Hudson, St. Lawrence, and Niagara Rivers). Recent reports have revealed that this species has dispersed as far as California.
A native of western Russia, the zebra mussel most likely made its way to North America through the release of ballast water from cargo ships traveling from the Black Sea to the Great Lakes. After its introduction there, it was carried through the lakes and connected waterways via recreational and commercial traffic. A large part of the zebra mussel’s ability to disperse has to do with its travel flexibility. In the larval stage, zebra mussels can float along passively. In the adult stage, zebra mussels can attach themselves to boats very well. Overland dispersal can be achieved, too, because these mussels can survive dry conditions for several days. This was most likely the way that they were introduced to California: agricultural inspection stations have reported finding mussels on the hulls or motor compartments of at least 19 trailered boats arriving into the state
. In addition to being able to travel long distances during both immature and mature stages of life, zebra mussels can produce up to several hundred thousand eggs in a single season. 
Zebra mussels are most disruptive in two ways. The first is that they can colonize and clog water supply pipes, thereby restricting water flow for systems used for cooling, fire-fighting, hydroelectricity, etc. Colonies can also be very dense: it was reported that at one power plant in Michigan, 700,000/m2 of zebra mussels were found in the pipes, the diameters of which were reduced by two-thirds. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service once estimated that zebra mussel infestations could cost $500 million per year due to increased costs for utility companies and industrial plants, as well as loss of income revenue for fishing and fishing-related businesses. The economic repercussions of this type of species invasion can be devastating. 
The second issue with zebra mussel invasions is that they can deplete food sources in aquatic ecosystems. Zebra mussels are filter feeders, meaning that they consume microorganisms, and they do so at very fast rates. Microorganisms form the bottom of the food chain, and eliminating that food source can be dangerous to the survival of native species. The spread of the nonindigenous zebra mussels have greatly decreased the numbers of native mussels in Lakes St. Clair and Erie, which may be at risk for extinction.
Eurasian ruffe.
The Eurasian Ruffe ("Gymnocephalus cernuss") is another aquatic nuisance species that has spread to the Great Lakes, Wisconsin, and Michigan, after first being discovered in the St. Louis River Estuary of the Duluth-Superior Harbor in 1986. Originally from southern Europe, the ruffe is believed to have arrived in North America through the release of ballast water from foreign seas.
The Eurasian ruffe is an extremely aggressive species. It can produce 200,000 eggs in the first batch and 6,000 eggs in later batches, and it is able to thrive in a number of different habitats where waters range from fresh to brackish, in ranges of depth from 0.25m to 85m. A fierce competitor for food sources, it feeds on plankton, bottom-dwelling insect larvae, and sometimes fish eggs. One advantage that the ruffe has over native species is better eyesight in dark conditions, allowing it to consume more food and at a quicker rate. The ruffe is now considered a dominant species in Lake Superior and the St. Louis River Estuary, and native species are becoming compromised. Early efforts to control the ruffe populations attempted to introduce predator species; however the predators preferred native fish. Current management strategies are centered more on regulating ballast water discharge, as well as focused programs for identifying, monitoring, and netting the ruffe.
Mitten crabs.
Mitten crabs ("Eriochir sinensis") from China were first sighted in San Francisco Bay in 1992, and are suspected of being purposely introduced to initiate a fishery. Like other invasive species, the mitten crab is an ecological competitor that threatens the availability of food for native species. It also feeds on salmon eggs, which is a great problem for dwindling salmon populations in California. Although the current geographic range of the mitten crab is limited to Northern California, it is expected to move toward Oregon and Washington. Recently, mitten crabs have been found in Chesapeake Bay, Delaware Bay, the Hudson River, New York, and New Jersey.
The Chinese mitten crab also poses many threats to humans. First, they can damage the nets of commercial fisheries and clog water pipes. Second, mitten crabs tend to burrow, which can adversely affect the integrity of banks and levees. Lastly, they are a vector for the disease Asian lung fluke.
Causes.
Physical.
Invasive Species.
In general, invasive species can potentially do great damage to local environments and native species. Ecosystems across the United States, such as the San Francisco Bay, Chesapeake Bay, the Great Lakes, Hawaii, and Florida inland waters, are now host to a wide number of non-indigenous species, 15% of which cause serious harm. In the case of aquatic habitats, nonindigenous species can reduce nutrient availability and water quality, or make land prone to erosion, like the mitten crab that burrows into levees. Adverse impacts to other species include predation, heightened competition for food, and disease. The Aquatic Nuisance Species Task Force states that nonindigenous species have impacted 42% of endangered species and are an important reason in the decline of species, as well as an obstacle to environmental restoration.
Ballast Water.
A key component of NISA is to introduce regulations for the discharge of ballast water, which is a significant source for transporting nonindigenous species. Ballast water is water brought into holding tanks by a ship to add stabilizing weight before the ship loads cargo. When the ship is going to load and unload the cargo, it releases the ballast water at the port of entry in order to offset weight and navigate shallow port waters. It was estimated that nearly 99% of U.S. overseas trade is transported over water, and more than 80 million tons of ballast water, and the thousands of foreign species in it, are released into U.S. waters every year. Not all the species in ballast water can survive life in the holding tanks or are a threat to local environments, but since the species composition in ballast water is variable, unpredictable, and innumerable, the potential for introducing harmful species remains high.
Social.
Aquarium and Ornamental Trades.
NISA specifically singles-out ballast water as a source of aquatic nuisance species, but another substantial source is from the aquarium and ornamental industry, which is worth $25 billion per year. Aquarium species are considered to be stronger than ballast water species, because they are typically traded as healthy adults capable of reproduction. Owners of exotic species may release them for a variety of reasons, including boredom, species aggression, or having to move. The United States trade of aquarium species involves over 2000 species and about 150 million exotic freshwater and marine fishes from all over the world. Regulation of this industry is not very stringent; the ease of the Internet has allowed trade to grow and federal and international policies lack teeth. Governments also do not want to hinder trade, and aquatic hobbies are sometimes promoted as environmentally-friendly, which can be attractive to certain groups.
Fishermen.
The activities of fishermen have been blamed for introducing and spreading invasive species into aquatic environments. Algae can stick to the bottoms of boots and get transported from site to site. This was the case in Maryland, just recently, where invasive algae were found on the soles of felt-soled fishing boots. 
Bait is another source of invasive species introduction. In Kansas City, fishermen were unwittingly using the invasive species Asian carp as bait. Asian carp is a well-known aquatic nuisance species whose presence is felt throughout the United States. In addition to competing for food sources against native species, the Asian carp can pose a large threat to human recreation: an adult carp can be so large that it can actually hit and injure water-skiers and anglers.
Economic.
As previously mentioned, there are economic benefits, worth millions of dollars, to the trade of exotic species. Another economic benefit that results in invasions of exotic species is the desire to boost fisheries. Asian carp was deliberately introduced to U.S. waters by the American aquaculture industry as a source of food for fisheries and to eat algae in waste waters. The Chinese mitten crab was also suspected of arriving to the San Francisco Bay in the hopes of starting a population for hunting and trading purposes. In Alaska, residents are known to have captured oysters in the lower 48 states and brought them back to grow and harvest them. Bringing a non-native species to one’s environment carries the risk of uncontrollable, large-scale problems if that species turns out to be invasive.
Political.
Until NISA went into effect, federal, state, and local regulations of invasive species were not strong and were not strictly enforced. Due to the sprawling and interconnected nature of the issue, too, sometimes policies become cross-purposed. For example, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is tasked with preventing the spread of aquatic nuisance species, but also must promote recreational hunting, fishing, and aquaculture, which can all be sources of invasives. Balancing the diverse needs of the American public can be problematic, and sometimes the needs of humans outweigh the need to protect the environment. Additionally, other challenges lie in coordinating international and local regulations and controls. Globalization has allowed people to travel farther and quicker, but differences in cultures and laws are difficult to navigate and they comprise a mismatched patchwork of rules.
Controlling the spread and threat of invasive species is similar to the fight against climate change. In both cases, the problems, causes, and effects are global, and therefore require global support for solutions. Unfortunately, unified agreement to combat these issues is extremely elusive. In the latest of large-scale climate change negotiations among nations, the Copenhagen Conference of December 2009 failed to resolve fundamental issues in global climate policy. The gathering of nations could not agree on policy target numbers, ideology, timelines, and other points, and the conference was considered to be a failure caused mainly by national and international politics. Similarly, there has been little international agreement about how to regulate ballast water practices, which can spread non-native species all over the world. Uniform standards would require all in the maritime industries to follow the certain practices and use certain technologies in order to prevent invasions, but these procedures can be seen as too costly and time-consuming, and there are disagreements about which to adopt. Additionally, some strategies for releasing ballast water call for doing so in open waters, far away from ports, but that can be dangerous work when ocean and weather conditions are poor. Researchers are still working out best practices for releasing or treating ballast water, as it is an undeniably complicated issue. In 2004, the World Ocean Council attempted to develop and implement regulations on ballast water through the Ballast Water Management Convention, but the convention was never fully accepted by the necessary 30 nations and the issue remains unresolved. Currently, regulating ballast water is more of a national, not international, endeavor.
The Policy.
The National Invasive Species Act (NISA) was signed into law in 1996, primarily as a reaction to the escalating threat of invasive species in the Great Lakes area and other parts of the United States. Its purpose is stated as: “To provide for ballast water management to prevent the introduction and spread of nonindigenous species into the waters of the United States, and for other purposes.” NISA has a fairly broad approach to its goal. It authorizes the government to produce guidelines for how to guard against the introduction and dispersal of invasive species, regulations for vessel operations and crew safety, and education and training programs to promote compliance. Funding is also set aside for research on environmentally sound methods to control the spread of invasive species, and ecological surveys were ordered for certain environmentally sensitive regions of the country. Finally, it establishes the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse to provide data about ballasting practices and compliance with guidelines. The breadth of NISA touches multiple levels of government, from federal to local, because the spatial scale of dealing with invasive species ranges from large to small. Although the language of NISA mainly refers to the role of the federal government, local governments are certainly affected as well.
History.
NISA is a reauthorization of NANPCA (Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990). NANPCA was enacted when zebra mussels started to become a serious problem in the Great Lakes, where the animals were accumulating and impacting underwater infrastructure. One of its main goals was to establish the federal Aquatic Nuisance Species Task Force to work closely with lower levels of government in order to address the problems with zebra mussels. Another goal was to require all ships entering Great Lakes ports to exchange their ballast water in the open ocean. 
Six years after NANPCA, more invasive species were found to be causing negative impacts across the country, and Congress moved to expand the original act. Through NISA, the control of invasive species moves beyond zebra mussels and ballast water, although those two issues remain high in importance and priority. According to the National Environmental Coalition on Invasive Species, these are some of the most important ways that NISA updated its predecessor NANPCA:
NISA expired in 2002, and although efforts to reauthorize it, and the NANPCA, have been proposed, Congress has not yet done so.
Aquatic Nuisance Species Task Force.
The Aquatic Nuisance Species Task Force (hereafter, “the Task Force”) was created by NANPCA as the “coordinating body in developing and implementing the national program for prevention, research, monitoring, and control of infestations of nonindigenous aquatic species.” It is still operating today. NISA reauthorizes the Task Force, as established by NANPCA, and it is responsible for developing the guidelines, regulations, education and training programs, ecological surveys, and information clearinghouse described in the act. 
The Task Force is composed of 13 federal agencies, but the US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) are the co-chairs. Other agencies include the Coast Guard, Environmental Protection Agency, Army Corps of Engineers, Forest Service, the Bureau of Land Management, and the National Park Service. FWS provides an Executive Secretary who is essentially the leader of the Task Force, responsible for not only issuing guidelines and regulations, but also for maintaining records and submitting reports to Congress. The overarching role of the Task Force is to coordinate efforts among the various agencies to achieve NISA goals, which, in addition to earlier stated activities, include supporting individual states in developing invasive species management plans and invasive species research.
Policy/Program Targets.
In NISA, there are no reduction targets for decreasing the numbers of invasive species found throughout ecologically sensitive areas in the US. The development of guidelines, regulations, training and education programs, research and surveys, and the information clearinghouse is the primary goal. NISA establishes timelines for when to release the guidelines and regulations, as well as when to make regular reports to Congress about the progress of the Task Force. Another target is to encourage and promote interagency, interstate, and international cooperation and collaboration.
Policy Tools.
NISA primarily works through the Task Force, and the primary focus of the Task Force is to address aquatic invasive species. For the purpose of controlling these species’ introductions and dispersal, the Executive Secretary of the Task Force is given the responsibility of issuing voluntary guidelines for ships carrying ballast water. Ships are to report on whether or not they had followed the guidelines, and the US Coast Guard has the responsibility of keeping records and reporting on who was complying with the guidelines. If compliance is not being met, the Task Force is then instructed by NISA to recommend mandatory regulations. However, since a target for invasive species reduction was never established, determining the right amount of compliance remains unclear. With such ambiguous targets and not much incentive to alter old behaviors, those in the shipping industry seem to have little motivation to follow the NISA guidelines.
More successful efforts of the Task Force are found in the state management plans. To date, 31 states have plans to manage aquatic nuisance species, as a result of collaboration with the Task Force. This has proven to be a better strategy for mitigating the effects of invasives, because it gives state governments the power and tools to manage their waters effectively. The plans help state governments identify problems and solutions, and allows them to work on smaller, more practicable and nuanced levels than within the federal framework. The model of the management plan also stimulates within-state support by emphasizing feasible, cost-effective measures that are subsidized by the federal government. Based on the discrepancy between the lack of broad national efforts and the proliferation of individual state plans throughout the country, it would seem that this is the more successful strategy in publicizing and managing the issue of invasive species. 
The Task Force has also developed and supported regional panels to help states work with each other in dealing with invasive species. There are six panels: Western, Great Lakes, Northeast, Mississippi River Basin, Gulf and South Atlantic, and Mid-Atlantic. The panels encourage cooperation from both private and public sectors by setting priority issues, coordinating programs and efforts, and promoting research and education. These efforts have been successful in bringing together various key players to address the problems they have in common.
Stakeholders.
Due to the widespread and complex nature of the issue regarding invasive species and their introductions into sensitive habitats, there are a number of stakeholder groups that are affected by NISA. First, government officials and policymakers must determine the right policies to put in place in order to prevent introductions. This group ranges in scale from the federal to the state to the local, as all levels of government are at least somewhat involved with resource protection and trade in their jurisdictions. In the case of managing ballast water, technical assistance and support from biologists and ship engineers are crucial in developing guidelines that are both effective and feasible. Other governmental organizations include the regional panels set up by the Task Force.
The maritime industry is a primary target of NISA, which calls for changing traditional practices of releasing ballast water. Large ships involved in international or other long-distance trade are directly affected by NISA because it dictates how the ships should operate. Ballast water helps stabilize these ships and not much else can be substituted to fulfill the same function; therefore the owners, masters, and crews of the ships are tasked with treating the water or releasing it in a safe place. Newer ships are also being built with better ballast technology, and new trainings, education programs, and plans have been effective in raising awareness about invasive species.
Other Stakeholder Groups.
There are a number of other stakeholder groups who are interested in or affected by invasive species and the waters they invade:
Evaluations.
NISA is only one of a few federal laws aimed specifically at preventing the introduction and spread of non-native invasive species. Its scope was broader than its predecessor, NANPCA, and it initiated a number of new strategies aimed at promoting collaboration, research, and education, which have actually been more successful than the guidelines and regulations put forth. Many agree that there is much room for improvement.
One major criticism of NISA is that it does not reach far enough. By focusing so heavily on ballast water, it neglects other significant pathways of invasive species introductions, as well as geographic locations that are not common sites for transoceanic trade. Increasing populations and travels around the world contribute to the risk of introducing non-native species, and these issues must be addressed if better management and control are expected. Research from the Task Force could be used to further NISA, if it were to be reauthorized.
Another criticism of NISA is that its underlying principles need adjustment. Since it narrowly addresses ballast water and individual invasive species, it fails to examine and take into account the environment as a whole. Historically, the way to manage environmental damage was to limit that damage to a certain threshold; action would only be taken if the threshold was breached, and this was how NISA was structured. A different approach would be to use the precautionary principle to prevent introductions: if an activity carries the risk of an introduction, it should be stopped or never attempted. Prevention, rather than risk assessment, is advocated as a guiding principle. Additionally, though federal, guidelines and regulations to mitigate invasive species should be tailored to fit the specific needs of a geographical location, since each is unique in a number of ways. One solution in one part of the country may not be applicable to another part, and the original wording of NISA neglected to make geographical distinctions in terms of policy recommendations.
Since NISA’s expiration in 2002, attempts have been made to reauthorize and improve it, but no new legislation has been passed as of today.

</doc>
<doc id="31127956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127956" title="Remembering the Moment">
Remembering the Moment

Remembering the Moment is a live album by David Friesen, Eddie Moore, Jim Pepper, Julian Priester and Mal Waldron recorded in Portland, Oregon in 1987 and released on the Italian Soul Note label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "An all-star quintet really gets an opportunity to stretch out on this date... Although there are not many explosive moments and few surprises, the playing is at a consistently high level, particularly when one considers that Pepper and Priester had never before played with some of the members of the rhythm section." 

</doc>
<doc id="31127971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127971" title="Anne Mathams">
Anne Mathams

Anne Muirhead Mathams FEIS (6 May 1913 – 21 February 2011) was a Scottish educationist, innovator and disability rights activist. 
Family.
The elder of two children born to Robert and Annie Mathams, she had a younger brother, John. Her father died in 1924 as a result of injuries sustained during the First World War. Her grandfather was Walter John Mathams, a Church of Scotland minister who wrote the popular children's hymn, "Jesus Friend Of Little Children".
Retirement.
Miss Mathams retired from teaching in 1978. 
Death.
She died on 21 February 2011, aged 97, at the Colinton Care Home, Edinburgh, unmarried.

</doc>
<doc id="31127977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127977" title="Edvard Heiberg">
Edvard Heiberg

Edvard Heiberg (11 June 1911, Oslo – 10 June 2000, Oslo) was a Norwegian director and engineer.
Heiberg was the youngest son of barrister Axel Heiberg (1875–1952) and his wife Ragnhild Krohg (1879–1947). He had two brothers, Axel Heiberg Jr. (1908–1988) and Bernt Heiberg (1909–2001). In 1937, he married Karin Eldrid Heiberg (1915–92), with whom he had the son Arvid Heiberg (1937–).
He started studying in 1929, and graduated in 1934 from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondheim. In 1935, he was employed by the construction company F. Selmer A/S. In the same year, he became assisting engineer in the Norwegian State Railways. From 1937 to 1938, he managed the construction of the Sørland Line, in particular the section from Kristiansand to Moi Station. During the 1940s, he had various positions in the state railways. From 1949 to 1953, he headed the operation department of the state railways.
In 1953, he was appointed managing director of Holmenkolbanen, where he remained until 1967. He was also chairman of the Norwegian Polytechnic Society from 1958 to 1959, and chairman of the Institute of Transport Economics between 1963 and 1970. After that, he returned to the Norwegian State Railways, where he was appointed director-general. During his leadership of the company, Heiberg became famous for the phrase "The railway is being strangled by impotent car users".
Heiberg was the last director-general of the state railways who lived in the large director-general house of the company at Filipstad in Oslo. In 1978, he retired from his position in the state railways. He was the last director-general of the state company who had voluntary resigned from the position.
In 1972, he was decorated as a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. He was also decorated with the Danish Order of the Dannebrog and the Swedish Order of the Polar Star. Heiberg died on 10 June 2000 in Oslo, the day before his 89th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="31127989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31127989" title="Tiendas Extra">
Tiendas Extra

Extra is a convenience store chain owned by Grupo Modelo and started operations in 1993. In 2007 the chain closed 650 stores and in 2009 started another restructuring plan, it competes fiercely with OXXO from Femsa, 7-Eleven from Casa Chapa and SuperCity from Soriana, the point of sale is provided by IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="31128017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128017" title="Fernand Dauchot">
Fernand Dauchot

Fernand Dauchot (1898–1982) was an expressionist painter.
Biography.
Fernand Dauchot was born in 1898 in Paris. The artist participated to World War I combats in 1917 and lost his left arm. Still, the crippled artist went to Brittany in 1923 and started to paint with other artists in Pont-Aven. The painter is famous for his superb landscapes of France's Brittany region, and his works belong to several public collections, among them the Museum of Art of the city of Quimper.

</doc>
<doc id="31128046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128046" title="East Arkansas Regional Unit">
East Arkansas Regional Unit

The East Arkansas Regional Unit is an Arkansas Department of Correction prison in Brickeys, St. Francis Township, unincorporated Lee County, Arkansas. United States. It is about southeast of Forrest City.
East Arkansas Regional Unit is one of the state's parent units for processed male inmates and serves for initial assignment. This facility was established in 1992 and has 379 employees. The facility is ACA Accredited and has a Capacity of 1,432 inmates. Operations include jail operations, education, substance abuse treatment program, canine unit, field crops, and regional maintenance.
In 2007 after the prison system determined that some East Arkansas prison guards used excessive force against prisoners, those prison guards were fired.

</doc>
<doc id="31128061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128061" title="List of covers of Time magazine (1970s)">
List of covers of Time magazine (1970s)

This is a list of people appearing on the cover of "Time" magazine in the 1970s. "Time" was first published in 1923. As "Time" became established as one of the United States' leading newsmagazines, an appearance on the cover of "Time" became an indicator of a person's notability, fame or notoriety. Such features were accompanied by articles about the person.
For other decades, see Lists of people on the cover of "Time" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31128065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128065" title="Tom Warhurst, Sr.">
Tom Warhurst, Sr.

Hubert Thomas Warhurst (10 February 1917–2004) was an Australian tennis player who competed in six Australian Championships. He also played Australian rules football with Norwood in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
Career.
Warhurst started his career at Norwood in 1935, having completed his education at Xavier College in Melbourne where he held the Victorian Public School's high jump record for two years. A key position player, he was usually played as a defender but could be seen in the forwardline. 
In 1938, Warhurst made his first appearance in the Australian Championships and entered in the singles, doubles and mixed doubles but failed to win a match.
He shared the Norwood captaincy in 1939 and 1940, when he was at his peak as a player. He won his club's "Best and Fairest" award in 1939 and also fell one vote short of winning the Magarey Medal. Warhurst, a three time South Australian interstate football representative, then lost some of his best sporting years to the war.
From 1940 to 1945, Warhurst served with the 2/7th Field Regiment of the Australian Army, in the Middle East, North Africa and Dutch East Indies. A sergeant, towards the end of the war he took part in the Battle of Tarakan.
After the war, he returned to football and participated in the club's 1946 premiership team, as a full-back. He had amassed 94 SANFL games by the time he announced his retirement in 1947. 
He played his best tennis post war and in 1946 reached the quarterfinals of the men's doubles in both 1946 and 1948, with his partner Max Bonner. In 1949 he progressed to the quarterfinals in the singles, beating eighth seed Jack Crawford in five sets. He was then eliminated by Bill Sidwell, one of the tournament favourites. Despite never registering a Championship win in mixed doubles, Warhurst competed in the 1952 final, as it was the only match that took place. The combination of Warhurst and Gwen Thiele lost the final in straight sets.

</doc>
<doc id="31128112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128112" title="BFY">
BFY

BFY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31128137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128137" title="Wrightsville Unit">
Wrightsville Unit

The Wrightsville Unit is an Arkansas Department of Correction prison in Wrightsville, Arkansas.
Over of land at Wrightsville is dedicated to the raising of cattle and the production of hay.
The land occupied by the unit formerly housed the Negro Boys Industrial School in Wrightsville. There are no markers there that indicate that the boys school existed or that a fatal 1959 fire at the boys school had occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="31128142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128142" title="1988 Atlanta Journal 500">
1988 Atlanta Journal 500

The 1988 Atlanta Journal 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event that took place on November 20, 1988, at the prestigious Atlanta International Raceway (located in the Atlanta suburb of Hampton, Georgia, USA).
Summary.
One of the drivers who failed to qualify for this race was Bobby Coyle; who attempted to qualify in his #50 Pontiac machine but failed to reach the proper speed to make an appearance.
Bill Elliott would earn his only NASCAR Winston Cup championship here despite not finishing in the top ten; turning the race into the Cup Series' version of the classic fable "The Tortoise and the Hare". However, Elliott also consistently placed in the other races of the 1988 season with six wins, 15 finishes in the top five, and 10 finishes in the top ten. The race took three hours and fifty-two minutes; resulting in a 4¼ second win by Rusty Wallace over Davey Allison. Other drivers in the top ten were: Mike Alexander, Ricky Rudd, Darrell Waltrip, Ken Schrader, Michael Waltrip, Terry Labonte, Bobby Hillin, Jr., and Cale Yarborough.
Seventy-two thousand fans would experience speeds of up to while Wallace qualified for a pole position with a speed of - the equivalent of 30.525 seconds. Tommy Ellis would "earn" himself a last-place finish after encountering a transmission problem on lap 2 out of 328. Nine cautions were authorized by NASCAR for 55 laps. Benny Parsons and Brad Noffsinger would also compete in their final NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race here. Parsons would finish in 34th place while Noffsinger would finish in 26th place. Hoss Ellington, Mike Curb, and Harry Ranier would end their respective careers NASCAR owners after this race. All of the drivers would earn $387,785 in total race winnings ($ in today's money).

</doc>
<doc id="31128154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128154" title="County roads in Minnesota">
County roads in Minnesota

County roads in Minnesota are roads locally maintained by county highway departments in Minnesota. County roads span a wide variety of road types, varying from A-minor arterials that carry large volumes of traffic to an improved road.
Most county roads in Minnesota are designated with numbers that are unique only within a county. Although most counties designate with only numbers, a few in Dodge County utilize letters instead, and two in Isanti County utilize a combination of a number and letter.
County Roads.
County roads in Minnesota are marked with a general white square shield with black lettering and route number. Though route numbers are unique only within a county, due to historical reasons, some county routes maintain their number from one county to another, such is the case with Chisago County Road 1 and Pine County Road 1 (following a historical road named Kettle River Trail from the early part of Minnesota's history) or Pine County Road 61 and Carlton County Road 61 (following former U.S. Highway 61).
County State Aid Highways.
Some county routes are designated as County State Aid Highways (CSAH). These routes are constructed and maintained by counties, but they are eligible for funding from the County State Aid Highway Fund. Differences in signage between CSAH routes and other county roads depends on the county. Some counties, such as Stearns County, delineate between the two by using the "standard" M1-6 blue pentagon shield for CSAH designated routes and Minnesota's general white square shield for other county routes. The M1-6 blue pentagon shield's route number may be shown in either white or gold, depending on the county. In many counties, CSAH are given low route designation numbers and non-CSAH are given higher route designation numbers, but this is not a rule, for example, Hennepin County Road 26 is a non-CSAH, but other county roads in this series are CSAH.
Inter-county Highways.
A few roads that cross county borders are also signed with an "inter-county" designation and a letter, but this system is not shown on most maps. However, as these highways provide important alternate routes to the state highway system, the Minnesota Department of Transportation have recommended a local route numbering / labeling system that clearly identifies county routes that are continuous into neighboring counties. These routes, if marked, are marked with either a white square shield or a blue pentagon shield, with a blue square shield containing the route letter directly under shield with the route number. Like the M1-6 blue pentagon shield's route number, the inter-county route letter may be shown in either white or gold, depending on the county.

</doc>
<doc id="31128202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128202" title="Abe Cohn">
Abe Cohn

Abraham Jerome "Abe" Cohn (June 27, 1897 – October 23, 1970) was an American football and basketball player, coach and official. He played football and basketball at the University of Michigan from 1917 to 1920. He coached football and basketball at Whitworth College from 1921 to 1922 and at Spokane University from 1923 to 1924. He was also an official for the Pacific Coast Conference and the supervisor of the Washington State Liquor Board's licensing bureau from 1934 to 1968.
Early years.
Cohn was born in Portland, Oregon in 1897. His parents, Hyman (sometimes listed as Herman) and Eva Cohn, emigrated from Russia to the United States in 1884 or 1885, and were identified in U.S. Census records as "Russian Yiddish." At the time of the 1900 Census, Cohn was living with his parents and four older siblings in Spokane, Washington. Cohn's father and two uncles founded the Cohn Brothers furniture store in Spokane in the 1890s. Over the next 40 years, the family continued to operate the store at the same location. Cohn attended Spokane's Lewis and Clark High School where he was a star football and basketball player. He was "remembered by Spokane football enthusiasts as the plunging back of the 1915 Lewis and Clark high school football team."
University of Michigan.
Cohn enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1916. He was a member of the law school class of 1921. While at Michigan, he played halfback for the Michigan Wolverines football teams of 1917, 1918 and 1920. The 1918 team completed the season undefeated and has been rated by some as the national championship team of 1918. After Michigan's victory over Case to open the 1918 season, the "Detroit Free Press" called Abe Cohn "an eye opener" as a ground gainer and noted: "He made a gain practically every time he was given the ball and, when he was stopped, it always took two or three men to turn the trick." Cohn did not try out for the football team in 1919. Having only one year of varsity eligibility remaining, and with many players returning to college following service in World War I, Coach Yost recommended that Cohn save his final year for the 1920 season. He returned to the Wolverines football team in 1920. The 1921 "Michiganensian" (University of Michigan yearbook) noted, "Cohn was especially valuable, filling in at end when the occasion demanded." The authors added, "A heavy, fast player, who was a regular halfback, but could take his place at end or fullback if occasion demanded. He is one of the stars lost by graduation."
Cohn also played for the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team. He was a starting forward in 1918.
Later years.
After graduating from Michigan, Cohn returned to Spokane. In September 1921, he was appointed as the football and basketball coach at Whitworth College. He coached at Whitworth for two years and also coached at Mead High School in the mornings.
Cohn was the head football coach at Spokane University in 1923 and 1924.
In 1924, "The Michigan Alumnus" reported that Cohn was affiliated with Cohn Brothers Furniture, the furniture business begun by his father. Cohn remained a partner in the furniture business until the store's closure in 1960.
In 1932, Cohn was living in Seattle, Washington. He served as a football and basketball official for 30 years, including approximately eight years as a football official for the Pacific Coast Conference from 1930 to 1937.
Cohn also worked for many years for the State of Washington Liquor Board. He began with a position as the assistant manager of Liquor Store No. 2 in Seattle. He was the supervisor of the Liquor Board's licensing bureau from 1934 until his retirement in 1968.
Cohn was married to Alta Clark. In October 1970, Cohn died of a heart attack in Seattle. He was age 73 at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31128205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128205" title="Dustin Ruth">
Dustin Ruth

Dustin Ruth is a singer-songwriter who resides in Battle Ground, Washington. He is the lead singer, guitar player and songwriter of the band Ruth.
"Learn How to Love Someone".
Ruth started a new chapter of his music career by recording his first independent solo EP "Learn How To Love Someone" in 2010. The record was engineered and produced by close friend Chris Keene of the band Surrogate, and mixed by John Goodmanson (Death Cab, Brandi Carlile, Nada Surf, Rocky Votolato, Owl City). "Learn How To Love Someone" was released in July 2010.
"Motion Picture".
In October 2012 Dustin Ruth released his second solo project, "Motion Picture", in partnership with MTV. It was engineered and co-produced by Jessy Ribordy, of the band Falling Up. The song "Just Think About It" was engineer and produced by Chris Keene, "Can't Help It" was engineered by Dustin Ruth. "Motion Picture" was mixed and mastered by Micheal Watts at Vudu Studios. 
Discography.
TV placements.
Fox Family Countdown (FOX)
Happy Endings (ABC)
16 and Pregnant (MTV)
Teen Mom 2 (MTV)
Punk'd (MTV
10 on Top (MTV)
Friendzone (MTV)
Made (MTV)
The Real World: St. Thomas (MTV)
Underemployed (MTV)
Sell This House Extreme (A&E)
The T.O. Show (VH1)
I'm Married To A... (VH1)
My Big Redneck Vacation (CMT)
KTLA (KTLA)

</doc>
<doc id="31128208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128208" title="John B. Bell">
John B. Bell

John B. Bell is an American mathematician and the head of the Center for Computational Sciences and Engineering at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. He has made contributions in the areas of finite difference methods, numerical methods for low Mach number flows, adaptive mesh refinement, interface tracking and parallel computing. He has also worked on the application of these numerical methods to problems from a broad range of fields, including combustion, shock physics, seismology, flow in porous media and astrophysics.
Career.
Bell received his Ph.D. from Cornell University in 1979. Following a three-year stint at the Naval Surface Weapons Center, he spent four years at Exxon Production Research, where he was the group leader of the Applied Mathematics Group in the Long Range Research Division. He worked at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory from 1993 until 1996, when he joined Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. He is currently the head of the Center for Computational Sciences and Engineering in LBL's High Performance Computational Research Division. He was one of the founders and is the current managing editor of Communications in Applied Mathematics and Computational Science (CAMCOS).
Awards and honors.
Bell was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2012. He is also a Fellow of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM). He is the recipient of the Sidney Fernbach Award from the IEEE Computer Society in 2005, given each year to one person who has made "an outstanding contribution in the application of high performance computers using innovative approaches. He also received the SIAM/ACM prize (with Phil Colella) for computational science and engineering in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31128210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128210" title="2012 Robertson Cup">
2012 Robertson Cup

The "2012 NAHL Robertson Cup Championship Tournament" will be the 37th edition of the annual round-robin tournament that decides the season champion. The tournament will be hosted by the Texas Tornado at the Dr Pepper Arena in Frisco, Texas. The tournament host was announced on March 8, 2011 by NAHL Commissioner Mark Frankenfeld. This will be the 2nd time the Texas Tornado and the city of Frisco will have hosted the Robertson Cup Tournament.
The top two teams in each pool will advance to the semifinal round, to be played Monday, May 7th. Goal differential will be used as the first tiebreaker, while goal quotient will be used as the second tiebreaker. By dividing goals scored by goals allowed, positions will be determined based on the highest quotient. However, should all three teams in one pool go 3-0, all teams from that pool will advance to the semifinals. The team with the best goal differential in the opposite pool will also move on to the semifinals. Similarly, if all three teams from one pool go 2-1, the same rules apply.
The Robertson Cup Championship Tournament will begin with a three-day, three-game round robin. Then 2 semi-final games will be played with the winners of each advancing to the championship game on May 8.
Standings.
POOL A
POOL B

</doc>
<doc id="31128213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128213" title="Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 24)">
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (season 24)

The following is a list of episodes from the twenty-fourth season of PBS "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" which aired in 1994.
Episode 1 (Things to Wear).
Rogers has brought a three-cornered hat from the 18th Century. He and McFeely travel through the neighborhood, observing various hats certain people wear. Upon gaining interest in them, King Friday orders everyone to wear three-cornered hats. 
Episode 2 (Things to Wear).
Rogers inevitably fools Marilyn Barnett by donning the Bob Dog costume. Mr. McFeely shows a videotape on how blue jeans are made. Lady Elaine Fairchilde provides the only resistance to King Friday's insistence that everyone and everything in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe should wear the three-cornered hat from the 18th Century. 
Episode 3 (Things to Wear).
Rogers sees Alan Morrison play the organ at a nearby church. Lady Elaine Fairchilde squirts water at anyone who mentions "three-cornered hat" to her. King Friday hardens his position with a rule. 
Episode 4 (Things to Wear).
Chef Brockett explains how he uses canes to walk following his operation. Rogers returns to see Alan Morrison play alongside a flutist and a clarinetist. Betty Okonak Templeton visits the Neighborhood of Make-Believe with a way to break the impasse between King Friday and Lady Elaine. 
Episode 5 (Things to Wear).
Using a portable sewing machine, Rogers shows the stark contrast between clothing of today and clothes of the 1700s. Then he visits a building in Colonial Williamsburg. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Lady Elaine and Betty Okonak Templeton exploit the loophole in King Friday's three-cornered rule. Finally, everyone else takes off the hats. 
Episode 6 (Going Away and Coming Back).
A map of the world painted by a friend of Rogers is shown on the back of an old floor covering. Rogers demonstrates traveling from place to place. Dan Kamin demonstrates his mime act. He acts as a mime character in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe. 
Episode 7 (Going Away and Coming Back).
The Neighborhood of Make-Believe finds a newcomer. Stephen Owl, who is X's cousin, is in search of a tunnel believed to be in the neighborhood. Rogers shows the inside and outside of an ambulance.
Episode 8 (Going Away and Coming Back).
Rogers gets a feel for shooting a basketball from a chair. This segues eventually to his visit with a wheelchair basketball team called the Steelwheelers. More residents in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe join in Stephen's search for a hidden tunnel. One clue comes from a scrap of paper. 
Episode 9 (Going Away and Coming Back).
Rogers uses a long piece of plumbing pipe to simulate a tunnel in which blocks and a car could travel through. Mr. McFeely shows a video of passing through a car wash. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, King Friday hears of the search for the lost tunnel. Lady Aberlin finds all the pieces to the old parable about it, and it is very close to X's tree.
Episode 10 (Going Away and Coming Back).
Chuck Aber surprises Rogers with what he calls his "piece of equipment." It's heavy machinery used for digging dirt. Mr. McFeely shows a videotape on how tortilla chips are made from blue corn. Friends in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe discover the secret tunnel and learn where it goes. 

</doc>
<doc id="31128214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128214" title="Danny Pang Phat">
Danny Pang Phat

Danny Pang Phat (born 1965) is one of the Pang brothers. The twin brothers Oxide and Danny Pang started their career in Hong Kong, where Oxide worked as colourist and Danny as editor. After moving to Bangkok, Oxide made the experimental film Who's Running. Bangkok Dangerous is the first film in which the brothers combine their talents.
Career.
Danny started his career as an editor working on numerous Hong Kong films such as The Storm Riders and the Infernal Affairs series, he also wrote and directed "Neung Buak Neung Pen Soon" (also known as "1+1=0" or "Nothing To Lose") released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31128215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128215" title="CS Games 2011">
CS Games 2011

This CS Games edition was hosted by Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The competition took place from March 4–6, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31128216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128216" title="North Little Rock School District">
North Little Rock School District

North Little Rock School District (NLRSD) is a public school district headquartered in North Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.
History.
LRSD vs. PCSSD (desegregation).
The three school districts within the county—Little Rock School District (LRSD), North Little Rock School District (NLRSD), and Pulaski County Special School District (PCSSD)—have been involved in a desegregation case that the courts determined were unconstitutionally segregated and placed under court supervision since 1982. After numerous actions were satisfied, including incorporating those schools within the City of Little Rock boundaries to be unitary with the LRSD, those actions led to the annexation of J. A. Fair High School from PCSSD to LRSD in 1987. In 2007, the courts determined that all actions by LRSD were completed and that court supervision continues until NLRSD and PCSSD actions are completed.
Schools.
High school.
The district has one high school, North Little Rock High School, which has East (grades 9 and 10) and West (grades 11 and 12) campuses. It also has Argenta Academy.
School uniforms.
All K-8 students and students at Argenta Academy are required to wear school uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="31128233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128233" title="Ragnar Fjørtoft">
Ragnar Fjørtoft

Ragnar Fjørtoft (1 August 1913 – 28 May 1998) was an internationally recognized Norwegian meteorologist. He was part of a Princeton, New Jersey team that in 1950 performed the first successful numerical weather prediction using the ENIAC electronic computer. He was also a professor of meteorology at the University of Copenhagen and director of the Norwegian Meteorological Institute.
Biography.
Ragnar Fjørtoft was born in Kristiania to the deaf teacher Lauritz Hansen Fjørtoft (1877–1941) and his wife Anne Birgitte Marie Schultze (1881–??). The family eventually moved to Trondheim, where Fjørtoft took his examen artium in 1933. He thereupon moved to Oslo to study natural science, with meteorology as specialization. His teacher was Halvor Solberg, who earlier had been a student of Vilhelm Bjerknes.
On 29 March 1939, Fjørtoft married Ragnhild Nordskog (1918–). In the same year, he moved to Bergen, where he became a meteorologist at the Forecasting Division of Western Norway. Both in Oslo and Bergen, Fjørtoft was engaged in political left-wing activism, and was a member of the socialist students' league "Sosialistisk studenterlag" in Bergen.
In 1946, Fjørtoft published a treatise on the stability of circular vortices, which gained international recognition. In the same year, he was appointed meteorologist at the Norwegian Meteorological Institute, where he came in contact with Arnt Eliassen. In 1949, Fjørtoft was invited to the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, United States. Here, he joined a team composed of the American meteorologists Jule Charney, Philip Thomson, Larry Gates, and applied mathematician John von Neumann, who performed the first successful numerical prediction using the ENIAC electronic computer. They published their work on numerical weather prediction in the periodical "Tellus" in November 1950.
In 1951, Fjørtoft moved back to Norway, where he took a grand doctorate at the University of Oslo on the stability of atmospheric waves. In 1953, he moved back to Princeton, where he stayed for a year. Fjørtoft was also a professor in theoretical meteorology at the University of Copenhagen from 1950 to 1955. In 1956, he joined the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
Upon leaving the University of Copenhagen in 1955, Fjørtoft was appointed director of the Norwegian Meteorological Institute, where he stayed until 1978. He was also Professor II at the University of Oslo from 1967 to 1983.
Honors.
Ragnar Fjørtoft received several decorations in his later life. In 1967, he was decorated as Knight, First Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. He was awarded the Fridtjof Nansen Prize for Excellent Research in 1977, and the International Meteorological Organization Prize in 1991. Fjørtoft died on 28 May 1998 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="31128235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128235" title="Teresa de Dios Unanue">
Teresa de Dios Unanue

Dr. Teresa de Dios Unanue is an educator, civic leader, the author of several essays published in Puerto Rico and the United States, the co-author of the book Educación Personalizada (Personalized Education), and the co-founder and Executive President of Atlantic University College, a university institution specializing in digital arts in Puerto Rico and Caribbean.
Early years.
Dr. Teresa de Dios Unanue was born in Camagüey, Cuba. She was later exiled and settled in Puerto Rico, where she graduated with distinction from the University of Puerto Rico in the fields of literature, administration and educational supervision. She also has a doctoral degree in Human Behavior. Years later, after graduating from the university, she began to work as Director of Innovation and Curriculum at the American Military Academy. From there, she proceeded to found the company which she now directs. She is the sister of the late journalist Manuel de Dios Unanue whose murder in 1992 made international headlines.
Co-founder of Atlantic University College.
Dr. Teresa de Dios Unanue has dedicated her life to the development of Puerto Rican children and youths. In 1983, Dr. de Dios began her work developing Atlantic University College, the only university institution in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico. She is a co-founder of the College, and currently serves as its President. This university institution has been credited with strengthening the city’s economy. Similarly, Atlantic University College is considered to be a pioneer in digital arts on the island. Another great success of Dr. de Dios was her establishment of the historic first bachelor’s degree in graphic arts, and the incorporation into the College’s curriculum, in 2001, of the first master’s degree in graphic arts in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean which specializes in digital graphic design. Also, in 2014, the Master of Science in Interactive Technologies Programming
Awards and accomplishments.
Dr. de Dios’s efforts, and her educational and administrative work, have transcended boundaries. Under her presidency, and together with the Executive Vice-President Heri Martínez de Dios, she has received recognition such as the award and rank of Honorary Institution with Distinction, awarded by the federal accrediting organization ACICS, and the prestigious Emmy Award in 2007 in the category of Technical Achievement, an Emmy ® Award in 2012 and nominated for three Emmy ® awards in 2011. It is worth noting that Atlantic University College, under the leadership of Dr. de Dios, is the only institution in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean which has received this award.
In addition to her contributions as an educator, Dr. de Dios is a civic leader, essayist, and the co-author of the book Educación Personalizada (Personalized Education). 
Philanthropy and community work.
Dr. de Dios currently dedicates a large proportion of her time to work carried out in order to benefit culture and young people. She is a member of the board of directors of the Centre of Fine Arts in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico, and a volunteer on the city’s Community Evaluation Committee. From Atlantic University College, she endorses and assists causes and events which support educational, artistic and cultural development in Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="31128254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128254" title="Ron Blackburn">
Ron Blackburn

Ronald Hamilton Blackburn (April 23, 1935 – April 29, 1998) a Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 1958 and 1959 seasons.
Career.
Blackburn batted and threw right handed. He stood at 6' ½" and 160 pounds at the height of his career. He spent 11 seasons in the minor leagues and played two consecutive seasons for the Pirates. 
His major league debut was on Opening Day 1958 against the Milwaukee Braves. The first batter he faced was Hank Aaron, who hit a single off of Blackburn, but he managed to keep the next nine batters off base for his first victory. 
On the road for his two years with the Pirates his roommate was Bill Mazeroski. During these two years, he also was a teammate of legendary outfielder Roberto Clemente.
Blackburn played his last game for Pittsburgh on July 28, 1959.
Life.
Born on April 23, 1935 in Mount Airy, North Carolina, Blackburn was raised in Kannapolis, North Carolina. He studied at Catawba College, where he met his wife Sandra Lower. 
Following his playing retirement In 1964, he became a teacher and baseball coach at Western Carolina University, where he also attended school. He had his first son Ron H. Blackburn jr. in 1961 and second son Rick S. Blackburn in 1964. The family moved to Cullowhee, North Carolina a few years later before relocating back to Morganton, North Carolina, where he worked as recreation director at the Western Correction Center.
Blackburn died on April 29, 1998 from health issues at age 63. He is buried in Carolina Memorial Park, Concord, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="31128332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128332" title="Old Colony Regional Vocational Technical High School">
Old Colony Regional Vocational Technical High School

Old Colony Regional Vocational Technical High School or Old Colony Regional Vocational Technical High School District is located on an 80-acre campus in Rochester, Massachusetts, the geographical center of the five-member town school district that includes Acushnet, Carver, Mattapoisett, Rochester and students from Freetown & Lakeville Public Schools. Note that Lakeville is a member is a member town while, Freetown is not and its students served are limited to around 90. Old Colony is affectionately known as OC, Old Colony Regional, Old Colony RVTHS, OCRVTH, & OCRVTHS. Old Colony is fully accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges, as well as the Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. Old Colony is a "Full Time" Vocational-Technical High School. So Old Colony has an academic department (see below).
Administrative staff.
Old Colony is its own district thus having a superintendent onsite, Mr. Gary Brown (Mr. Brown's title is Superintendent-Director) OC has one principal, unlike most vocational-technical high schools, Mrs. Patricia Foskett. The school also has a Disciplinarian, Mr. David Harrison. The school has a Special Services Coordinator, Ms. Krystla Fay. The school also has a CTE Director and Assistant Principal, Ms. Jacqueline Machamer.
Post Old Colony.
Graduates receive a high school diploma and a certificate of proficiency in their technical area of study.
Old Colony's four-year program of studies allows students to directly enter the job market as skilled workers or to continue their education at any college, university, or technical school. Their Tech/Prep Program guarantees admission to Bristol Community College after completing the two-year courses at Old Colony. Also, college credit can be awarded for technical training received at Old Colony from Wentworth Institute, New England Tech, and Johnson & Wales University.
Transportation to Old Colony.
Member towns.
Old Colony Students from Acushnet, Carver, Mattapoisett, Lakeville, and Rochester take buses provided by Old Colony who contracts Reliable Bus Lines in New Bedford.
Non-member town.
Freetown is not a member of the district thus they do not take buses provided by OC. Those students, in the morning, take a bus from Apponequet Regional and then transfer to a bus at Apponequet that takes them to Old Colony.
In the afternoon, these students take a bus from Old Colony and the buses run on a limited Apponequet route. Buses for Freetown are provided by Freetown-Lakeville who contract Durham School Services.
After school late bus.
On days students can stay after, Tuesdays (if funded) and Thursdays, and take a "late bus" home. The late bus is only offered only to member towns. Freetown students can stay but they must get a ride home.
Vocational-technical programs.
Old Colony offers twelve vocational-technical programs. All programs fall under Massachusetts General Law (M.G.L.) Chapter 74. These programs are commonly referred to as "Shops".
Related class.
During academic cycle, students have a related class. Sophomores have only one period of related everyday. While juniors and seniors have two periods of related everyday. This class teaches students curriculum that can not always be thought in shop. Starting in the 2013-2014 school year freshman will have related one period out of their Shop Class. (It is currently unknown if the will be followed in the future for their full high school career.)
Exploratory program.
The Old Colony Shop Exploratory Program freshmen students "explore" 8 six shops, four of their choosing and 3 chosen by the guidance department in most cases. Students explore shop related classes, during academic cycles, and shop classes, during shop cycle. Students partake in this program during the first trimester, (and into the second for the last two) of the school year and then are assigned their shop. Students will learn how competitive the work force can be because most shops can be very competitive. Students also partake in a course about OSHA, Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, the EPA, and procedures at Old Colony which takes place one day a week during related weeks. The students take a test on their last related week in related class.
Academics.
As Old Colony RVTHS is "full-time" school so they have an academic department. Old Colony currently (2012-2013 school year) has 21 academic staff members (22 including the Librarian). They each fall under a sub-category.
English.
The department facilitates:
Math.
The Mathematics Department implements curriculum aligned with the Massachusetts Mathematics Curriculum Frameworks. The department uses a variety of instructional methods to meet the needs of all learners and to develop an understanding and appreciation of mathematics, especially as it applies to vocational areas. The curriculum prepares students for both the workforce and post-secondary education. As an extra-curricular activity, Old Colony has a Math Team that enters into math competitions. 
The department offers:
Physical Education.
This department offers Health and Physical Education classes.
Science.
Freshman year.
(College Prep Biology 1) or Biology 1
Sophomore year.
(College Prep Biology 2) or Biology 2
Junior year.
1 - College Prep Physics 
2 - Principles of Technology 1 
3 - Integrated Biology
Senior year.
1 - College Prep Chemistry 
2 - Principles of Technology 2 
Social Studies.
Grade 9.
United States History I
Grade 10.
United States History II
Grade 11.
World History
Grade 12.
Civic Education

</doc>
<doc id="31128333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128333" title="Pitt County Schools">
Pitt County Schools

Pitt County Schools is a school system located in Pitt County, North Carolina. The central office is located in Greenville. It operates one pre-kindergarten school, 16 elementary schools, six K–8, seven middle schools and six high schools.

</doc>
<doc id="31128336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128336" title="List of Tennessee Volunteers head football coaches">
List of Tennessee Volunteers head football coaches

The Tennessee Volunteers college football team represents the University of Tennessee in the East Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Vols compete as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision. The program has had 23 head coaches since its formation during the 1891 season. Since December 7, 2012, Butch Jones has served as head coach of the Volunteers.
The team has played 1,215 games over 118 seasons of Tennessee football. Prior to the 1899 season, the Volunteers did not have an official head coach while compiling a record of twelve wins and eleven losses () between 1891 and 1898. Since 1899, nine coaches have led the Volunteers in postseason bowl games: Robert Neyland, John Barnhill, Bowden Wyatt, Doug Dickey, Bill Battle, Johnny Majors, Phillip Fulmer, Lane Kiffin, and Derek Dooley. Five of those coaches also won conference championships: Zora G. Clevenger captured one as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association, Neyland captured two as a member of the Southern Conference and Neyland, Wyatt, Majors, and Fulmer won a combined twelve as a member of the SEC. During their tenures, Neyland and Fulmer each won national championships with the Volunteers.
Neyland is the leader in total number of seasons coached and games won, with 173 victories during his 21 years with the program. Barnhill has the highest winning percentage with .846. James DePree has the lowest winning percentage with .306. Of the 23 head coaches who have led the Volunteers, Neyland, Wyatt, Dickey, Majors, and Fulmer have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in South Bend, Indiana.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="31128361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128361" title="Côte D'Azur (album)">
Côte D'Azur (album)

Côte D'Azur is The Rippingtons' sixteenth album which was released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31128364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128364" title="Bhrngadutam">
Bhrngadutam

Bhṛṅgadūtam () (2004), literally "The bumblebee messenger", is a Sanskrit minor poem (Khaṇḍakāvya) of the Dūtakāvya (messenger-poem) genre composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950-). The poem consists of 501 verses in the Mandakrāntā metre divided in two parts. Set in the context of the Kiṣkindhākāṇḍa of Rāmāyaṇa, the poem describes the message sent via a bumblebee by Rāma, spending the four months of the rainy season on the Pravarṣaṇa mountain in Kiṣkindhā, to Sītā, held captive by Rāvaṇa in Laṅkā.
A copy of the poem, with the "Guñjana" Hindi commentary by the poet himself, was published by the Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University, Chitrakuta, Uttar Pradesh. The book was released on August 30, 2004.
Narrative.
Like Meghadūtam of Kālidāsa, Bhṛṅgadūtam is divided in two parts. The first part is titled Pūrvabhṛṅgaḥ (literally, "the earlier journey of the bumblebee") and consists of 251 verses. The second path is titled Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ (meaning "the later journey of the bumblebee") and is composed of 250 verses. The actual message from Rāma is contained in 174 verses (2.71–2.245) of the Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ.
Part I: Pūrvabhṛṅgaḥ.
One day while residing on the Pravarṣaṇa mountain with Lakṣmaṇa, Rāma comes to a lake to perform the morning Sandhyā. After the ritual, Rāma chooses a bumblebee ("Bhṛṅga"), a manifestation of his mind, as his messenger ("Dūta") to Sītā. Rāma asks the bumblebee to have a pilgrimage of the pure land of Bhārata, before embarking on his journey to Laṅkā, saying the pilgrimage of this holy land absolves one of all sins. He asks the bumblebee to first visit Mithilā, to take some dust for Sītā from her birthplace. After seeing all the vividly described people and places of Mithilā related to the events in the Bālakāṇḍa of Rāmāyaṇa, the bumblebee is instructed to see all the rivers, hermitages and forests en route to Ayodhyā, which are described in detail by the poet. In 75 verses, various places and people of Ayodhyā are described, and the bumblebee is asked to bow to each one of them. Then after seeing Bharata and Śatrughna performing penance with their wives in Nandigrāma, the bumblebee is asked to fly over the route of Rāma's journey to Citrakūṭa as described in the Ayodhyākāṇḍa - the Śṛṅgaverapura kingdom of Guha; the confluence of the rivers Gaṅgā, Yamunā and Sarasvatī at Prayāgarāja; and finally Citrakūṭa are described in detail. The Pūrvabhṛṅgaḥ ends with the bumblebee asked to depart southwards from Citrakūṭa.
Part II: Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ.
In the initial part of the Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ, the places of the events starting from Araṇyakāṇḍa are described. The poet presents the narrative of Rāmāyaṇa along with the directions Rāma gives to the bumblebee for his. The hermitages of various sages, whom Sītā, Rāma and Lakṣmaṇa met, are first described, leading to the banks of the river Godāvarī. The bumblebee is then instructed to see the locations of Jaṭayū's liberation and the Āśrama of Śramaṇā (the Śabarī woman). The locations of Kiṣkindhākāṇḍa come next - the description of the Ṛṣyamūka mountain, (where Hanumān and Rāma met) and other places in Kiṣkindhā. Then the bumblebee is asked to fly further south over the kingdoms of Karṇāṭaka, Āndhra, Madra and Kerala to Laṅkā. The bumblebee is asked to recognize Sītā in Laṅkā by her emaciated and weakened, yet lustrous, appearance.
The message for Sītā, to be delivered by the bumblebee, starts at verse 71 of the Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ. The message first describes the pathos of separation. This is followed by an assurance about Rāma heroism, which will convince Sītā to hold on to her life till Hanumān arrives to Laṅkā with another message and a ring from Rāma. The message ends at verse 244 of the Uttarabhṛṅgaḥ, and the poem ends in the next six verses.
Poetic features.
Play on Sanskrit grammar.
The work has several verses which deal with Sanskrit etymology, wherein the composer poetically explains derivations of names of characters and places of the Ramāyaṇa. Some examples are -
Two origins of the word Ūrmilā and how they fit the character of Ūrmilā (1.120)
Devanagari
ऊर्मीर्लान्ती दयितजलधौ राम भक्तेर्लुनन्ती 
IAST
satyābrāhmīsthitiriva sato lakṣmaṇaprāṇikāyāḥ । 
ūrmīrlāntī dayitajaladhau rāma bhakterlunantī 
kūrmīḥ krūrāḥ bhavabhayabhṛtāmūrmilevormilaiva ॥ 
The derivation ("Prakriyā") of the word Lakṣmaṇa, and how it is apt for the character of Lakṣmaṇa (1.121) -
Devanagari
सम्प्रत्येश्यन्मयि च मनसो लोपयित्वानुबन्धं 
IAST
sevālakṣye dhṛtaśucimanā lakṣmaṇo'anvarthanāmā । 
sampratyeśyanmayi ca manaso lopayitvānubandhaṃ 
saṃjñāsiddhiṃ svabhajanabahuvrīhikāraṃ cakāra ॥ 
Suggestion of alternate names apt for Nandigrāma (1.153) -
Devanagari
स्यन्दिग्रामो भरतनयनस्यन्दिभिः किं न नीरै- 
IAST
rvandigrāmaḥ kimu na caritairmāṇḍavījānigītaiḥ । 
syandigrāmo bharatanayanasyandibhiḥ kiṃ na nīrai- 
rnandigrāmaḥ prati vidadhate citramutprekṣitāni ॥ 
The meaning and Prakriyā of the word Gaṅgā, and how the name is apt for the name of the river (1.196) -
Devanagari
डित्सामर्थ्याद्भमभिदधती प्रत्ययं नानुबन्धं 
IAST
ryā kauṭilyaṃ śrayati gamaneऽpyaṅgagaṅganti gāṃ ca । 
ḍitsāmarthyādbhamabhidadhatī pratyayaṃ nānubandhaṃ 
gaṅgetyākhyānuguṇacaritā juṣṭapārṣodarādiḥ ॥ 
Four origins of the word Grāma, and how they suit the village of Guha (1.202) -
Devanagari
ग्रामो रामामितगुणगणो गीयतेऽस्मिंस्ततोऽयं 
IAST
grāmo rāmapratimavapuṣā śyāmaśasyena grāmaḥ । 
grāmo rāmāmitaguṇagaṇo gīyateऽsmiṃstatoऽyaṃ 
grāmo rāmo rama iha mato vigrahairvedasañjñaiḥ ॥ 
Three origins for the word Kāmada, and how they fit the Citrakūṭa mountain (1.247) -
Devanagari
द्यन्वै कामं शुभगुणहरं शात्रवं सज्जनानां 
IAST
nyacchannṛbhyo madamalapadāmbhojasevaikasevām । 
dyanvai kāmaṃ śubhaguṇaharaṃ śātravaṃ sajjanānāṃ 
bhūtārthe nollasati lalitaḥ kāmadaḥ kāmadena ॥ 
How the Samāsa "Sītārāma" is both "Samānādhikaraṇa" and "Vyadhikaraṇa" (2.234) -
Devanagari
सीतारामाविति समुदितौ द्वन्द्वरीत्या नृलोके 
IAST
bhāvo bhāme bhuvanabhavanau vidyudabdopamānau । 
sītārāmāviti samuditau dvandvarītyā nṛloke 
sītārāmo vyadhikaraṇatastatpumānvā samānaḥ ॥ 

</doc>
<doc id="31128410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128410" title="Mount Manunggal">
Mount Manunggal

Mount Manunggal is a mountain located in Barangay Magsaysay in Balamban, Cebu and rises to a height of 1,003 meters above sea level. It is the crash site of the presidential plane Pinatubo which carried and killed President Ramon Magsaysay and seventeen of his presidential staff and some news correspondents during that unforgettable event on March 17, 1957 where an annual trek is held to commemorate his death. It is accessible through many trails but the trail from Tagba-o and at Cantipla in Tabunan, Cebu City is the main route from which the yearly Pres. Ramon Magsaysay Death Anniversary Climb is held.
Geography.
History.
Mt. Manunggal is within the enclave of the Central Cebu National Park and is protected by Republic Act 8457, otherwise known as the “Central Cebu Protected Landscape Act”; which also covers the Mananga-Kotkot-Lusaran river system, the Sudlon National Park and the watersheds of Buhisan, Mananga and Lusaran.
Minerals.
The trail to Mt. Manunggal from the jump-off point at the river that separates Cebu City from Balamban is quite steep and could be achieved in about four (4) to seven (7) hours for first-timers, depending upon your physical conditioning, and about two (2) to three (3) hours to those who are now very familiar with its terrain. The trail to Mt. Manunggal from Tagba-o is absent of forest canopies and wildlife and traverses through many upland farms planted with onions, tomatoes, ginger, garlic, eggplants, cabbage, carrots, etc. It is wide enough to let two persons pass by each other at its narrowest part and there are no prominent barriers which impede movement save for the lack of shady areas to rest from the penetrating heat of the sun.
Water Resources abound within the foot of the mountain like rivers, springs and waterfalls and a cool spring near the camping site give visitors a respite from thirst which never falters in water volume even in extreme drought and the El Niño.
Monument.
On the campsite is where the monument of Pres. Magsaysay is located and the cylinder block of the Pinatubo's main engine is housed to remind visitors of the historical value of Manunggal in Philippine history. A chapel is also erected nearby during the height of a communist insurgency in the '80s to guide the local inhabitants' spiritual yearning.

</doc>
<doc id="31128425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128425" title="Christine Falls Bridge">
Christine Falls Bridge

The Christine Falls Bridge is a reinforced concrete arch bridge in Mount Rainier National Park, spanning Van Trump Creek. The bridge was built in 1927-1928 by contractor J.D. Tobin of Portland, Oregon, who built the Narada Falls Bridge at the same time. The arch has a three-centered profile and spans . The bridge is wide. It was faced with rubble stonework and is an example of National Park Service Rustic design.
The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31128427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128427" title="Wikipedia Ambassador Program">
Wikipedia Ambassador Program


</doc>
<doc id="31128438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128438" title="Numbers and Colours">
Numbers and Colours

Numbers and Colours / Ankle Deep in Mud is the debut release by the post punk band Get Smart!. It was released as a 6-inch flexi disc that accompanied the May 13, 1981 issue of "Talk Talk" magazine.
General info.
The song "Ankle Deep In Mud" was written by the Battling Tops, who were guitarist Marc Koch's previous band. The band would include this song in their set list throughout their career, even as other early songs were dropped. This is an earlier recording than the one that would appear on their 1984 album "Action Reaction". 
The song "Numbers and Colours" does not appear on any other Get Smart! records.
Both tracks were recorded in April 1981 at Ramona Recording Studios in Lawrence, KS and were produced by Dave Stuckey (later of the "Dave and Deke Combo").
Personnel.
Musicians:
Technical staff:

</doc>
<doc id="31128452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128452" title="List of missing treasure">
List of missing treasure

This is an incomplete list of notable treasures that are currently lost or missing.

</doc>
<doc id="31128483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128483" title="West Bridgewater Middle-Senior High School">
West Bridgewater Middle-Senior High School

West Bridgewater Middle-Senior High School is a junior-senior high school located at 155 West Center St. in West Bridgewater, Massachusetts. The school serves roughly 600 students in grades 7-12. The school's mascot is the wildcat, and the school's colors are maroon and white.
The football team won the D-IV State Championship in 1991 & 2006. The cross country team has won the Mayflower League Championship from 2010-2013. 
There is a new school currently being built were the sports fields formerly were located. There is a heritage committee run by students working on ways to preserve the history and culture of the school. 

</doc>
<doc id="31128492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128492" title="Tom Warhurst, Jr.">
Tom Warhurst, Jr.

Tom Warhurst (born 17 February 1963) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Norwood in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and for Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Warhurst had already played over 200 SANFL games when he was signed by Adelaide for their debut season in 1991. He had previously been twice recruited by VFL clubs, but on each occasion decided to stay at Norwood. A three time South Australian representative, Warhurst was a member of Norwood's 1981 and 1984 premiership teams.
He took part in Adelaide's very first AFL game, against Hawthorn at Football Park, where he kept key forward Dermott Brereton goal-less in a convincing win for the club. The 28 year old played again the following round, in a loss to Carlton, but didn't make any further appearance for Adelaide. It was also his last season of senior football as he needed a knee reconstruction at the year's end. 
His father, Tom Warhurst senior and brother, John Warhurst, were also Norwood footballers. They are however better known for their other careers, Tom senior being a leading tennis player and John a noted academic.

</doc>
<doc id="31128507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128507" title="France 3 Bretagne">
France 3 Bretagne

France 3 Bretagne is one of France 3's regional services,broadcasting to people in Brittany.It was founded on February 2,1964 as RTF Télé-Bretagne.
France 3 broadcasts in both French and Breton audio.The service is headquartered in Rennes.

</doc>
<doc id="31128546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128546" title="Samir El-Sayiad">
Samir El-Sayiad

Samir El-Sayiad (also Samir Sayad) is the Minister of Industry and Foreign Trade for Egypt, serving since 2011.
Full Professor of Industrial Chemistry and former Dean of the Faculty of Science, Helwan University.
The Cultural Counselor and director of the Egyptian Educational Bureau to the United Kingdom and Ireland.
International expert in industrial development and export promotion at the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), and the (UNCTAD) since 1977, in which missions have been accomplished in many countries in Latin America, Europe, Africa, Asia and India.
Chairman and CEO of one of the largest firms for Chemical Industry.
Member of the Industry branch and the Higher Education Branch of the Supreme Specialized Councils.
Former member of the Industry Research Council, secretary of the Chemical Industry Committee, member of the Marketing Research Committee and head of the Printing and Packaging Committee, at the Academy of Scientific Research and Technology.
Former member of the Supreme Committee for granting the Egyptian Industry excellence awards at the Industrial Modernization Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="31128577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128577" title="Big Fight">
Big Fight

Big Fight may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31128606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128606" title="Anthony Shetler">
Anthony Shetler

Anthony Shetler (born on November 15, 1982) is a professional skateboarder who, as of September 2012, is sponsored by World Industries. 
Early life.
Anthony Joseph Shetler was born in Brockton, Massachusetts in the United States, to Lisa Marie Oliver and Elwood Reginald Shetler. 
Shetler started skateboarding in Raymond, New Hampshire with his friend Dale Raymond. He then moved to Massachusetts where he would grow a deep relationship with the skateshop Solstice helping him to get his first sponsorship with 5boro skateboards. He now owns a skateboard apparel company by the name of All I Need. He partners up with 88 Eyewear in fall of 2013 to make a limited edition line of sunglasses.
Coverage.
Shetler has appeared in numerous skateboard magazines, including "Focus", "Skateboarder", "Transworld Skateboarding", etc.
A wide variety of online magazines, stores, skateshops, skate companies also host interviews and photos of Shetler:
AlliSports, 
Skate Park of Tampa, 
SkateboardREV, and 
True Skateboard Magazine, and 
ESPN.
An interview with Shetler aired on the action sports channel, FuelTV.
Video game appearances.
Shetler is an unlockable character in the Tony Hawk series of video games.

</doc>
<doc id="31128610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128610" title="Augusto Santos">
Augusto Santos

Augusto Santos is a Filipino career government official who served as acting Director-General of the National Economic and Development Authority from 2005-2006, 2007-2008 and 2009-2010. He was educated at the University of the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="31128614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128614" title="Sinclair Skinner">
Sinclair Skinner

Sinclair Matthew Skinner (born May 31, 1969) is an African American engineer, civil rights activist, political adviser, international businessman, entrepreneur and former elected official in Washington, D.C. He is an advocate of the advancement of African communities in relation to the African Diaspora. He holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from Howard University and is a prominent member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity. His father is a retired Air Force officer, and his mother is a dedicated housewife.
Skinner was first elected to public office in 1998 as an Advisory Neighborhood Commissioner in Washington, D.C.’s Ward 1 neighborhood.
Skinner has worked for a number of engineering companies including Ohmeda, Inc., The Architect of the Capitol and McDonnell Douglas Corporation. He is currently the owner of Liberty Engineering and Design (LEAD), in Washington D.C.
Activism.
Skinner is a political campaigner and organizer. As a young activist at Alabama’s Tuskegee University where he enrolled in 1987, he was elected President of the University’s Student Government Association.
In 1993 the Skinner led a student protest] of the “oppressive and misguided policies common at Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU’s)”, and organized African-Americans throughout the south in HBCU preservation efforts and demonstrations.
Skinner’s campus activism would force him to leave Tuskegee University and transfer to Howard University to continue his dream of becoming an engineer.
In the summer of 1995 while at Howard, Skinner helped organize students nationally for the Million Man March, the largest all male march ever held in the United States with an estimated 1 million African-American men in attendance. While at Howard, Skinner and Eames worked with civil-rights giant Lawrence Guyot, who encouraged them to get involved in local politics in Washington, DC, ultimately leading them to run and win positions as advisory neighborhood commissioners—while still students.
After graduating from Howard University, Skinner purchased a former crack house across the street from Howard, and organized his neighbors to help eliminate drug trafficking on the block.
In 1999, Skinner opened the Georgia Avenue Kleaners which eventually grew to a chain of four locations. The dry-cleaners was not a financial success, but Skinner’s success and reputation as a philanthropist grew within the Washington, DC African-American community.
In 2005, Skinner led a group of Howard University students and area residents in an effort to paint over gang-related graffiti in the neighborhood with a mural depicting Black historical leaders on a Howard University-owned wall near Howard’s Georgia Avenue campus. The wall–which several university students and residents had complained about for years–took two weeks to paint. However, the University ordered the painting be removed after newer residents of the neighborhood complained. Skinner and the students were outraged that residents did not actively pursue the removal of the graffiti, but removed the image of Black leaders and positive families from this wall.
Skinner’s Georgia Avenue organizing experience culminated when residents of D.C.’s wards 1 and 4 joined forces to reject the relocation of the Government of the District of Columbia’s Department of Motor Vehicles to the intersection of Georgia Avenue and New Hampshire Avenue, just blocks from Skinner’s home and dry-cleaners.
The effort forced the creation of the Georgia Avenue Steering committee which led to the smart development framework that influenced the Planned Unit Development, up-zoning and over $100M in neighborhood oriented, mixed-use developments that exists at this intersection currently.
In early 2005, Skinner accused D.C. City councilman Jim Graham (D) of driving historically African-American businesses from the neighborhoods of Columbia Heights, Shaw, and the U Street corridor.
In 2009, Skinner led a group of Washington, DC activists in the donation of a retired District of Columbia fire truck and ambulance to the poverty stricken town of Sosua, Dominican Republic. However, political pressure surrounding then D.C. Mayor Adrian M. Fenty, and public backlash halted the transaction. The vehicles made it to Miami, but were ultimately returned and auctioned off as scrap metal.
In early 2011, Skinner called for an investigation into D.C. Councilman Jim Graham’s involvement in a bribery scandal involving his Chief of Staff, Ted Loza. Loza, who had been Graham’s main confidant in the Council office and who month’s earlier was arrested by the FBI, had just pleaded guilty to two counts of accepting bribes. The indictment that was handed down charged that Loza had accepted cash payments in exchange for promoting legislation concerning D.C. taxi cabs. Until 2010 when Loza was arrested and Councilman Graham was stripped of his chairmanship, Graham had served as Chairman of the Council’s committee that oversees taxi cab regulation.
Politics.
In 1996, Skinner was the campaign manager for D.C. city council candidate Nik Eames of the “Umoja” political party. Eames became the first member of his party to get ballot representation for city council in Ward 1 of Washington, D.C.
Skinner’s success organizing residents of his Georgia Avenue neighborhood in Washington, D.C. would lead to his election to the Advisory Neighborhood Commission as commissioner of jurisdiction 1B09 in 1998.
Later, Skinner would become the director of the Lower Georgia Avenue Business Association. Skinner also became publisher of The Georgia Ave Defender Newsletter, and founder of the Nile Valley Business Corridor Association–an organization that organized neighbors to “fight crime and take back their streets”.
In 2000, Skinner served as a senior campaign adviser to D.C. City Council candidate Adrian M. Fenty. Drawing from his years of experience in organizing, Skinner helped pave the way for Fenty to become the youngest member of D.C. City Council.
In 2006, Skinner helped Fenty coordinate a successful run for Mayor of Washington, D.C.
As of 2012, he is the Treasurer and primary donor to the super-PAC called "1911 United." This super-PAC is focused on helping to re-elect Barack Obama.
Engineering.
Skinner has worked for numerous engineering companies including Ohmeda, Inc., Honeywell, Pillsbury, McDonnell Douglas Corporation and The Architect of the Capitol where he performed testing and development for the space shuttle’s main engine controllers, manufacturing for a flour mill company and designed roadways in Macon County, Alabama where he was an apprentice to Curtis Pierce, the first African American county engineer in Macon County, Alabama. Skinner later became the first African American student named to the National Board of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.
After completing his B.S. in mechanical engineering, Skinner worked in product development for Ohmeda, Inc., an international engineering company that designed incubators for premature babies.
Later, Skinner worked for the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and received his Engineer in Training certification in 1998. In 2007, Skinner founded Liberty Engineering and Design (LEAD), one of the few black owned engineering firms in Washington, D.C.
D.C. City Council investigation.
In December 2009, Skinner was interviewed by the D.C. City Council as part of an investigation into the transfer of funds between District government agencies and his firm’s subsequent award of an engineering sub-contract as part of an effort to build and renovate a dozen recreation centers, parks and public fields in the District.
The D.C. Council appointed a special Counsel to look into the transfer of funds between the government agencies as well as the contract that Skinner’s company was awarded by the program management firm overseeing the contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="31128624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128624" title="Tom Warhurst">
Tom Warhurst

Tom Warhurst may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31128645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128645" title="2011 NCAA Men's Division III Basketball Tournament">
2011 NCAA Men's Division III Basketball Tournament

The 2011 NCAA Mens Division III Basketball Tournament is a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champions of men's NCAA Division III Basketball. The tournament began on March 3, 2011. The tournament consists of 61 teams arranged in four sections. The top three teams earn a bye to the second round. The other 58 teams compete in the first round. The first two rounds in each section are held at campus location: four sites per section. The third and fourth rounds take place at the sectional location. The national semifinals and national championship will be held at the Salem Civic Center in Salem, Virginia.
Forty-two teams were granted automatic bids as the champion of their conference. One independent team was selected, and 18 teams were selected as at-large participants.

</doc>
<doc id="31128648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128648" title="Pakalomattom family">
Pakalomattom family

The Pakalomattam or Pakalomattom family is an ancient Suriyani (Syrian) Christian family in Kerala, India. They are popularly known as Syrian Christians in view of the Syriac (classical form of Aramaic) liturgy used in church services since the early days of Christianity in India and not for any Syrian migration. They are also known as "Nasrani" (followers of Jesus the Nazarene).
History.
According to tradition, St. Thomas, the apostle visited Kerala in AD 52, as part of his missionary work in Persia, India and Afghanistan. There is no direct contemporary evidence for Thomas being in the subcontinent, though it definitely would have been possible for a Roman Jew of the time to make such a trip. The earliest known source connecting the apostle to India is the "Acts of Thomas", written in Edessa likely in the 2nd century. The text describes Thomas' adventures in bringing Christianity to India, a tradition later expanded upon in early Indian sources such as the "Thomma Parvam" (Song of Thomas). According to a Malabar tradition, he ordained bishops and priests from the Pakalomattom family.
Tradition.
Palayoor was one of the places near the port of Muziris, where St. Thomas established a church. The place is referred as Palur in some old documents. At that time, according to tradition, Palayoor had a Brahmin village of 64 families. It is believed that in one of the temple ponds in Palayoor, St. Thomas performed a miracle. Some Vaidik Brahmins were performing Vedic ritual called Tharpanam in which they devote Lord Sun by the symbolic submission of water in their palms along with Vedic recitation. St. Thomas was attracted to the ritual and queried the logic of their submission since the water thrown above was not accepted and returned to earth. Thus St. Thomas got an opening to present his subject before that Brahmin community. St. Thomas threw water in the name of Jesus and it stood still in the air and glittered like diamond. By this experience, many Brahmins accepted Christianity while the other Brahmins cursed the place and left the place with their families saying that they would bathe their next bath at Vembanattu. Nedumpally, Madeipur, Koykkam, Muttodal, Pakalomattom, Panakkamattam, Sankarapuri, Kalli, Kallikavu, etc. were among the families who were baptised in Palayoor.
Supporting facts.
Even today the place is known as Sapa-kadu or Chavakadu which means "cursed forest". The unhappy Brahmins ran away to Vembanattu and settled down there. This place is still called Pudumanassery or the "Place of the new Mana" (Illam). It is stated that a Hindu temple that was abandoned by the Brahmins was converted into the present church. Temple remnants in the form of broken idols, sculptures and relics of the old temple can also be seen near the precincts of the church, in addition to two large tanks near the west and east gates of the church.
It is also stated that the conversion of Brahmins has resulted in such an aversion among the Nambudri Brahmins that they do not even accept cold water or tender coconut water anywhere in the vicinity of the church. In Vembanattu there is a Brahmin illam of Kalatt, which according to tradition is one of the families which ran away from Palayoor. Furthermore, a document called Grandavariola kept by a local Brahmin family (who had moved out from Palayur during the preaching) testifies to the date of the gospel work of St. Thomas. The document states: "Kali year 3153 (52 AD) the foreigner Thomas Sanyasi came to our village (gramam) preached there and thereby causing ..." 
In the song "Margam Kali" - one of the ancient round group dances of Kerala practised by Saint Thomas Christians, a brief description of this tradition is portrayed. A relevant part of the song is translated below:
He then heard about Kerala and went there, arriving at Malankara, preaching to the Brahmans of Cranganore and ordaining two of them priests. Then he went south, erecting crosses at Quilon, Niranam, Kokkamangalam, Kottukkayal, Cayal and Palayoor. The King sent for Thomas and inquired him of the completion of Castle's work. The King put him in prison when told he must wait till after his death to see the new palace, and was so mortified by the deception that he wanted to abdicate.However, his brother died at that time and saw the palace in heaven. He was resuscitated and told the King of its glory. The king, his brother, Habban and others were baptized, and the faith spread apace arousing the Brahmans’ jealousy ...
Historicity of Brahmanical origin.
Some historians argue that the Brahmin's arrival in Kerala happened much later. However, prominent Kerala historians like A. Sreedhara Menon are against this argument. Aryan religions like Jainism and Buddhism had already made inroads to Kerala in the 4th and 3rd centuries BC. The consensus among scholars is that the Aryan Brahmin immigration to South India had started as early as 1000 BC, though there are differences of opinion. Some of the poets of the Sangam period were Brahmins, and there are references to the poojas and yajnas conducted by Brahmin priests in the court of Chera kings.
Medieval history of Palayoor families.
Thus Christianity gained a foothold in Kerala well over 300 years before it succeeded in obtaining official recognition in Europe, or in becoming the established religion of Rome. This community, though a minor one, was aligned in the social crystalline structure with a respectable orientation. The respect and toleration shown to this faith, found expression in the fraternal treatment extended to its adherents, who were accorded and retained for themselves an honoured place, in the social and economic life of Kerala. They succeeded in doing this because they were Christian in faith only, but in all else, they were Indian. They were no doubt staunch in their adherence to their faith, and proud of the apostolic origin of their church. But their primary concern was to live in harmony and requite the hospitality and toleration shown to them by the Hindu kings and princes.
Some of the Palayoor Christian families relocated as early as 2nd century AD. Pakalomattom and Sankarapury include in this list. Others stayed in Palayoor until Tippu Sultan (1749–99) attacked Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="31128692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128692" title="John Anderson (TV personality)">
John Anderson (TV personality)

John Anderson (born 28 November 1931) is a former British television personality best known as referee and official trainer on the UK TV show, "Gladiators". He has previously worked as a teacher and as a coach for Commonwealth Games and Olympic Games athletes, including Commonwealth Games champion and former World Record Holder David Moorcroft. His involvement with David started in 1966. It was a partnership which would lead to a world record for 5000m in 1982 and even a vets world record for the Mile of 4:02 in 1993. John was National Coach for the Amateur Athletics Association of England and subsequently the first full time National Coach in Scotland (1965-1970). He was coach to an Olympian at every Olympics from 1964 to 2000 and has coached 5 world record holders and 170 GB Internationals in every event.
In 2008, John briefly resumed his role as referee on the newly revived "Gladiators" before being replaced by John Coyle after just one series. Anderson went on to become mentor and coach for a number of recent international athletes, including Great British athlete William Sharman, who he helped transform from a decathlete to a world class sprint hurdler, and continues to coach at a local and regional level.

</doc>
<doc id="31128697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128697" title="Johnny Hobo and the Freight Trains">
Johnny Hobo and the Freight Trains

Johnny Hobo and the Freight Trains (sometimes known as just Johnny Hobo) were a Vermont-based, anarchist folk-punk band led by singer-songwriter Pat "the Bunny" Schneeweis. He now leads the newly formed band Ramshackle Glory.
The band were the central figures of Spare Change Records, a Brattleboro-based musical collective, and consisted of songwriter Pat the Bunny on guitar and vocals, Jeff-Face on harmonica and vocals, Flash-C on trumpet, Ian Skumfuk on washtub bass and vocals, Roman on bicycle and vocals, and Rockstar Mike on washboard, bass drum, and vocals.
Often at shows, it would just be Pat and his acoustic guitar and sometimes harmonica; other musicians would often join from outside the usual lineup. Alcohol, drug use, politics, and the punk scene were common themes in Johnny Hobo songs.
Johnny Hobo and the Freight Trains' last show was in Hartford in January 2007. Shortly thereafter, Pat started a new band called Wingnut Dishwashers Union, with which he released 3 albums (listed in discography below) and toured for two years. Quite like live Johnny Hobo and the Freight Trains performances, oftentimes Wingnut Dishwashers Union shows would only consist of Pat performing. In 2009, Wingnut Dishwashers Union broke up and Pat entered rehabilitation for drug addiction. In Early 2011, the Wingnut Dishwashers Union website was updated and announced that Pat would be playing with a new band (Ramshackle Glory). He briefly sold CD-Rs of Johnny Hobo and Wingnut Dishwashers Union songs, before ending that in mid-March.
Born out of Tucson, Arizona, Ramshackle Glory collectively released their first album, "Live The Dream", in the summer 2011. However, during the fall of 2011, Pat the Bunny released a solo album called "Die the Nightmare" under the name Ramshackle Glory. "Die the Nightmare" contained all of the songs from "Live the Dream", except with only Pat performing the songs. On June 1, 2012, Ramshackle Glory released their second full length album, "Who Are Your Friends Gonna Be?". The members of the band are Nik Berger on accordion and vocals, Disdane on bass, Douglas Fur on banjo and tambourine, Eric "Johnny" Freedom on trumpet, Luke Romano on drums, and of course, Pat "the bunny" Schneeweis on guitar and vocals. They have a pianist named Wyndham Maxwell, but he is currently attending college and can no longer tour with the band regularly, although he still performs at some shows. Ramshackle Glory went on a 68 day, nation-wide tour of the United States beginning on June 1, 2012, and ending on August 8 in San Antonio, Texas.
Ramshackle went on a hiatus after their 2012 summer tour, during which drummer Luke Romano's side project Cottontail released a new album and went on tour. During this time Nik Berger released an album through their project Devil's Coachwhip, and another album with their new band Fridge Scum. Douglas Fur released a new four song tape and moved out to Pittsburgh. Pat released an EP of brand new solo material called The Mark Inside. In early 2013 it was announced that Ramshackle Glory would be releasing a split LP with Ghost Mice, and a kickstarter fund was launched adjacently. The project was funded very successfully, exceeding the goal by thousands of dollars and the Shelter split was released in June 2013; July on vinyl through Plan-It-X Records. In late June, the band embarked on another summer tour, this time with a slightly different lineup. During this tour, they brought in activists to make short speeches to advertise their groups or projects in the middle of the band's concert set. The tour, which also featured The Taxpayers, ended in August.
Discography.
Johnny Hobo and the Freight Trains released 1 demo, 3 EPs, 1 live album, and 2 split albums (One with Captain Chaos and one with Mantits). Wingnut Dishwashers Union released a further full-length demo ("Towards A World Without Dishwashers", 2007), live album ("Never Trust A Man Who Plays Guitar", 2008), and full-length studio album ("Burn The Earth, Leave It Behind", 2009). As of March 2011, Pat The Bunny claims that he will no longer sell or play any Johnny Hobo and the Freight Trains or Wingnut Dishwashers Union material, although the DIY Bandits website states: "We’ve been so busy around here things fell behind a bit but it seems like we are getting back into action now and have a few old projects to work on (johnny hobo/mantits tape re-issue)".

</doc>
<doc id="31128705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128705" title="Calico M960A">
Calico M960A

The Calico M960A is an American selective fully automatic submachine gun (SMG) based on the Calico M950 with the addition of an extending butt and a forward grip. It is chambered for the 9mm Parabellum cartridge which takes 50-round or 100-round helical magazine which fits on top of the rear of the receiver. The M960A was first produced in 1990, and its rate of fire is 750 rpm.

</doc>
<doc id="31128706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128706" title="The Epigenesis">
The Epigenesis

The Epigenesis is the fifth full length album by the black metal band Melechesh.
Recording.
"Epigenesis" was recorded in Turkey. Ashmedi explained that this decision was a fit with the band's general approach to music:
Ashmedi confirmed that he recorded the vocals naked, which he described as "ritualistic". He further noted that
Half the bass lines had to played by Ashmedi due to a technical issue.

</doc>
<doc id="31128739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128739" title="The Super Quartet Live at Sweet Basil">
The Super Quartet Live at Sweet Basil

The Super Quartet Live at Sweet Basil is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy recorded at Sweet Basil in New York City in 1987 and released on the Japanese Paddle Wheel label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Henry M. Shteamer awarded the album 4 stars stating " Live at Sweet Basil is highly recommended as an introduction to both Waldron and Lacy, as these performances reveal the quirks of each of their styles in a peppy, yet very profound setting". 

</doc>
<doc id="31128791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128791" title="Virgin and Child with the Young Saint John the Baptist (Botticelli)">
Virgin and Child with the Young Saint John the Baptist (Botticelli)

The Virgin and Child with the Young Saint John the Baptist is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, c. 1490. It is housed in the Cleveland Museum of Art.
Attribution.
There has been some dispute as to whether Botticelli or his pupil, Filippino Lippi, produced this work. The painting is generally attributed to Botticelli, as it is similar to his other works of the time. The Cleveland Museum of Art attributes the painting to Botticelli and his workshop.

</doc>
<doc id="31128795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128795" title="Confederation of African Tennis">
Confederation of African Tennis

According to CAT, African continent is divided into five different zones on the geographical basis with each zone has its own zonal head.
Affiliated Members.
CAT is the largest regional recognizing body of the tennis with 50 members. This is the list of all the members of CAT, recognized by it as the representative of their respective country.

</doc>
<doc id="31128857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128857" title="Calventius Viator">
Calventius Viator

Marcus Calventius Viator was a soldier and commander of Roman Emperor Hadrian's horse guards, the "equites singulares Augusti", during the early 2nd century. 
Viator served as a centurion in Legio IV Flavia Felix and was training officer ("exercitator") of Gaius Avidius Nigrinus' horse guards ("equites singulares"). He made a dedication at the legionary base in northern Dacia at Apulum sometime between 110 and 118. In 118 Nigrinus was involved in a conspiracy with Lusius Quietus against Hadrian. It has been speculated that Viator may have implicated Nigrinus, given his later promotion under Hadrian. Viator was promoted to the emperor's horse guards sometime before 128, being attested at Zarai in Africa Province.

</doc>
<doc id="31128863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128863" title="Stettheimer Dollhouse">
Stettheimer Dollhouse

The Stettheimer Dollhouse is a two-story, twelve-room dollhouse, created by Carrie Walter Stettheimer (1869-1944) over the course of twenty-five years, from 1916 to 1935. It contains miniature art made for the dollhouse by artists like Marcel Duchamp, Alexander Archipenko, George Bellows, Gaston Lachaise, and Marguerite Zorach.
History.
Carrie and her sisters Florine and Henrietta (Ettie) lived with their mother Rosetta in New York City; Florine was an artist and Ettie an author, and the family attracted a celebrated group of artists, writers, and critics during the first half of the twentieth century.
Carrie was inspired to begin her dollhouse in 1916; during their summer vacation in upstate New York, the sisters (and other upper-class visitors to Lower Saranac) contributed items to a fund-raising bazaar to benefit local children affected by a polio epidemic. Using wooden boxes from a grocer, Carrie created a dollhouse with found objects and scraps. When the family returned home to New York City, Carrie began her own dollhouse.
Art Collection.
Perhaps the most notable feature of the dollhouse is its art collection. Many of the Stettheimers' artist friends made tiny copies of their paintings and sculptures for the dollhouse; Marcel Duchamp, for example, made a miniature copy of his "Nude Descending a Staircase". Other artists who created works for the Dollhouse include Alexander Archipenko, George Bellows, Gaston Lachaise, and Marguerite Zorach.
Even in death the Stettheimers attracted artists; Pop artist Andy Warhol wrote about the Stettheimers in his 1980 book "Popism: the Warhol '60s". "Florine Stettheimer was a wealthy primitive painter, a friend of Marcel Duchamp’s, who’d had a one-woman show at the Museum of Modern Art in 1946, and her sister Carrie had made some fabulous dollhouses that I loved at the Museum of the City of New York."
Museum of the City of New York.
After her mother's death in 1935, Carrie stopped working on the dollhouse and some rooms were left unfinished. Her sister Ettie (who survived both Florine and Carrie) donated the dollhouse to the Museum of the City of New York in 1945; she arranged the unfinished rooms (the Art Gallery or Ballroom and the Dining Room) as she thought her sister would have wanted them. The dollhouse is about 28 inches tall, 50 inches long, and 35 inches wide.

</doc>
<doc id="31128894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128894" title="Behran Oil Company">
Behran Oil Company

Behran Oil Company () is an oil refining company with headquarters in Tehran.
History and development.
"Behran Oil Company" was founded in 1963 as a private joint venture with ExxonMobil Company in Iran. The first products of the company were just packing and blending engine oils. The company became independent after the Islamic Revolution. Gradually it was expanded and now the production rate reaches 250,000 tons of base oil for each year,as well as 350,000 tons per year of finished products.In total, the capacity of the company for the production of finished products is more than 500,000 tons per year ,meanwhile the quality of the products have been upgraded according to the appropriate advanced international standards and guidelines.
It has a 40-43% share of the motor oil market and a 30% share of the industrial lubricant market in Iran. The company also exports about $40 million in finished lubricants,rubber process oils (RPOs)and paraffin waxes to more than 30 countries.
Behran Oil Company has been progressively increased its commitment in the field of lubricant production technology through considerable investment in research and development.The development of Behran activities resulted in the establishment of a new plant for the production of special lubricants and antifreezes. 
Behran Oil in numbers
Number of employees: 500
Number of employees in outsourcing facilities: 500
Annual sales: $500million
Production capacity of base oil (Group I): 250,000 tons / year
Production capacity of finished products (engine oils and industrial oils) :400,000 tons / year
Market share in engine oils : 43%
Market share in industrial oils: 30%
Annual exports : $40million
Products.
The main products of the company are Automotive lubricating oils, Industrial lubricants, Petroleum waxes, Antifreeze – Antiboil and Anticorrosion, Rubber process oils, Fuel additives and Greases. 
Certifications.
Behran Oil Company has qualified for ISO 9001 from SGS, as well as many other health, safety, and environment certificates including ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001.
Certificates 
ISO /TS 16949:2009 
Year: 2012 
From: INQ company 
Top 100 IRANIAN COMPANIES 
Year: 2012 
From: Industrial Managemen 
Management System as per OHSAS 18001 : 2007 
Year: 2010 
From: TUV NORD 
Management System as per EN ISO 14001 : 2004
Year: 2008 
From: TUV NORD 
EN ISO 14001 : 2004
Year: 2008 
From: TUV NORD 
Diesel engine oil - Behran Turbodiesel - SAE 15W40 
Year: 2003 
From: Man Nutzfahrzeuge 
Confirm Behran Zagros used in CNG_Engines 
Year: 2003 
From: Man Nutzfahrzeuge 
Confirm Behran SHPD 15W40 as VDS_2
Year: 2002 
From: VOLVO 
Certificate for Behran turbine oil 46 
Year: 2003 
From: Alstom 
Certificate for Behran Automatic ATF_Dexron II D 
Year: 2001 
From: Volth turbo 
Certificate for Turbine oil grade 46 & Behran Hydraulic oil 46 
Year: 2000 
Certificate ISO 9001:2008 
Year: 2004 
From: SGS

</doc>
<doc id="31128898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128898" title="Madrassa of Al-Nasir Muhammad">
Madrassa of Al-Nasir Muhammad

The Madrassa of Al-Nasir Muhammad is a madrassa and mausoleum located in the Bayn al-Qasrayn region of Cairo, Egypt. It was built in the name of the Mamluk sultan Al-Nasir Muhammad ibn Qalawun, but its construction began in 1296 under the reign of Sultan Al-Adil Kitbugha, who was sultan in between Al-Nasir Muhammad's first and seconds reigns. When Al-Nasir Muhammad returned to the throne in 1299 he oversaw its construction until its completion in 1303. The Islamic historian Al-Nuwayri records that Al-Adil Kitbugha built the mausoleum along with the prayer iwan, and Al-Nasir Muhammad completed the construction of the building and added the minaret. Also, the Islamic historian Al-Maqrizi reports that Al-Adil Kitbugha oversaw construction of the building up to the top of the inscription band, and Al-Nasir Muhammad carried out the rest of its construction.
Al-Nasir Muhammad.
Al-Nasir Muhammad was the ninth Mamluk sultan of Egypt, the youngest son of Sultan Qalawun, and lived from 1285 to 1341. He was inaugurated as sultan three times, from 1293 to 1294, from 1299 to 1309, and from 1309 to 1341. In December of 1293 Al-Nasir Muhammad's older brother Sultan Al-Ashraf Khalil was assassinated, leaving the throne to the 9-year-old Al-Nasir Muhammad. For his first two reigns Al-Nasir Muhammad played the role of a nominal sultan, with his vice sultan and viziers being the active rulers due to his young age. By the time of his third reign Al-Nasir Muhammad was 24-years-old and took full command of the Mamluk Sultanate. This period passed with no major conflicts, and marked the high point for Mamluk power in Egypt. Al-Nasir Muhammad set into motion many public works such as the construction of canals, squares, madrassas, and mosques.
Al-Nasir Muhammad was never buried in the mausoleum named after him. He was afraid of unrest after his death because of the rivalry between his emirs, and chose to be buried in secret at his father's mausoleum, the mausoleum of Sultan Qalawun. However, it is the burial site of his mother Bint Sukbay and his son Anuk.
Building.
The Madrassa of Al-Nasir Muhammad is located next to the mausoleum of Sultan Qalawun in the Bayn al-Qasrayn. It is made of brick and has stucco designs and inscriptions on the exterior and interior. The inscription along the façade is in the name of Al-Nasir Muhammad, but ends with the original foundation date of 1296. This implies that after regaining the throne in 1299, Al-Nasir Muhammad replaced Al-Adil Kitbugha’s name with his own without altering the second part of the inscription. The Madrassa of Al-Nasir Muhammad is one of only three madrassas in Cairo that houses all four of the Sunni schools of jurisprudence.
The domed mausoleum is separated from the madrassa by the main entrance corridor, which is accessed from a forecourt. Looking across the main entrance corridor are windows in the madrassa and the mausoleum that visually link the buildings. The Madrassa of Al-Nasir Muhammad is home to the last stucco mihrab in Egypt, unique for its raised, egg-shaped stucco bosses in high relief with punched ornament decorating the hood of the mihrab.
Portal.
The most unique aspect of the Madrassa of Al-Nasir Muhammad is its gothic marble portal, acquired from a Christian church in the city of Acre after al-Ashraf Khalil's victory against the Crusaders in 1291. After the battle Khalil appointed his emir "to destroy the city walls and demolish its churches". When the emir came upon the church with this portal as its gate he decided to transport it in its entirety back to Cairo. He kept it for the rest of Khalil's reign and for all of Al-Nasir Muhammad's first reign, but it was seized from him by Sultan Al-Adil Kitbugha and used in this madrassa.
The portal "consists of a pointed arch with a triple recess flanked by three slender columns on each side". At the top of the arch "Allah" has been inscribed. The medieval Islamic Historian Al-Maqrizi praised this portal for its craftsmanship, saying "Its gate is among the most amazing things the sons of Adam have crafted, for it is made from one piece of white marble, marvelous in form and exalted in workmanship". Although there are several other distinguished portals in mosques and madrassas within Cairo, this gateway holds historical significance, acting as a trophy for the Muslim victory over the Crusaders. Al-Maqrizi's high praise for this portal could be due to this added sentimental value or its exotic appeal.
Minaret.
The highly stylized and decorated stucco designs on the lower rectangular section of this minaret add another element of uniqueness to the Madrassa of Al-Nasir Muhammad. This is one of the only remaining stucco minarets in Cairo, and includes decorations of medallions, keel-arched niches, and sections filled with geometric and floral patterns. These floral patterns are characteristic of stucco carvings from this period. Also, some of the geometric patterns resemble those used in the mihrab of the al-Azhar Mosque. A band of Kufic script runs through the lower decorative arcade, while a large inscription in Thuluth script crowns the top of the rectangular section, just below a balcony of sculpted muqarnas, and contains the name of al-Nasir Muhammad.
Only the bottom rectangular section is original, the second story was most likely added by Sultan Inal as it resembles another stone minaret he built in his name. It has an octagonal shaft and green glass or ceramic elements that fill the mouldings that run around its keel-arched panels. The uppermost section above this is probably from the Ottoman era.

</doc>
<doc id="31128908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128908" title="LII Army Corps (Germany)">
LII Army Corps (Germany)

German LII. Corps (LII. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II. The LII. Armeekorps was destroyed during the Jassy–Kishinev Offensive (August 1944).

</doc>
<doc id="31128921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128921" title="Purple squirrel">
Purple squirrel

Purple squirrel is a term used by employment recruiters to describe a job candidate with precisely the right education, experience, and qualifications that perfectly fits a job’s multifaceted requirements. In theory, this prized “purple squirrel” could immediately handle all the expansive variety of responsibilities of a job description with no training and would allow businesses to function with fewer workers. In 2012, then-Google recruiter Michael B Junge published a popular job search and career book entitled Purple Squirrel: Stand Out, Land Interviews, and Master the Modern Job Market. The book purports to focus on "the art and science of getting recruited" and has been a best-seller in multiple job search and career categories on Amazon.com. 
Origin.
A November 13, 2000 a PR Newswire article cites the recruiting industry publication "Purple Squirrel".
Senior Talent Acquisition Consultant Richard A. Camilleri states that he knows when the phrase was coined, but provides no dates or the name of the client who said it.
The assumption is that the perfect candidate is as rare as a real-life purple squirrel.
Purple squirrel (Animal).
There are also several recorded cases of actual squirrels with a purple coloration.
1997 sighting.
A purple squirrel was spotted in Minnesota in 1997, but no theories on its unique coloring were presented.
2008 sighting.
An account of a purple squirrel (later named Pete) was recorded at the Meoncross School in Stubbington, Hampshire in the U.K. The squirrel is reported to originally be blue, its coat eventually shifting to purple. One theory posited was that since the squirrel had a tendency to prowl a building with old photo copiers, the squirrel simply got into the old toner cartridges. However, most who saw the squirrel firsthand discount this theory.

</doc>
<doc id="31128943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128943" title="Amman Arab University">
Amman Arab University

Amman Arab University is a university in Amman, Jordan. It is mainly for graduate studies.

</doc>
<doc id="31128955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128955" title="Hemispheres (Doseone album)">
Hemispheres (Doseone album)

Hemispheres is the first solo album by American indie hip hop artist Doseone. It was released in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31128979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128979" title="Seattle Philharmonic Orchestra">
Seattle Philharmonic Orchestra

The Seattle Philharmonic Orchestra, hosted in Meany Hall, Seattle, Washington, United States is a member-controlled orchestra founded in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="31128982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128982" title="Anvato">
Anvato

Anvato, Inc. is an online video company that was founded in 2007 by Alper Turgut, also the founder of Verkata LLC and Aligo, Inc. Anvato provides a digital media management solution for television broadcasters. Anvato's media content platform modules include live broadcast capture, live cloud encoding, live and on-demand video publishing, syndication, monetization via live ad replacement and TV Everywhere, as well as engagement analytics.
Anvato is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.
Customers include NBCUniversal, FoxSports, Univision, Journal Broadcast Group, and Gray Television.
Technology.
Anvato's products incorporate its proprietary machine-vision fingerprinting technology, Perceptual Signature. Anvato processes videos, images and sounds, to extract a searchable, sortable sequence of numbers called Perceptual Signature. This signature simulates human vision and accurately identifies the video and its content. This technology helps publishers locate their copyrighted content across the web to prevent copyright infringement.
Recognition.
Anvato is the recipient of the 2010 Frost & Sullivan Global Innovation Award in Online Video.
Funding.
Anvato received $2 million in Series A funding from Oxantium Ventures in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31128993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128993" title="Midland Alpine borane reduction">
Midland Alpine borane reduction

The Midland Alpine borane reduction, or simply the Midland Reduction, allows for the asymmetric reduction of carbonyls (primarily ketones) to alcohols. It was developed in the late 1970s by Professor M. Mark Midland at the University of California, Riverside. The Midland Reduction is particularly useful because alpha-pinene is regenerated (although it is fairly cheap, so this matters less than with other chiral molecules), and because both enantiomers are commercially available. The Alpine borane can be synthesized by refluxing alpha-pinene and 9-BBN in THF. While both enantiomers of alpine borane are commercially available, it is far cheaper to make than buy.
Many examples of the Midland reduction require a low steric group such as an alkyne or a nitrile so as to increase selectivity.
The stereochemical control comes from coordination of the bulky borane to the carbonyl, followed by hydride transfer opposite the largest group.

</doc>
<doc id="31128994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31128994" title="Colt New Police Revolver">
Colt New Police Revolver

The Colt New Police is a single and/or double action, six shot revolver. It could chamber either .32 Long
A target version was made until 1905 with a 6" barrel and adjustable sights.

</doc>
<doc id="31129031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129031" title="The Country Gentlemen (LP)">
The Country Gentlemen (LP)

The Country Gentlemen is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen, recorded and released in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="31129038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129038" title="Pierre-Joseph Habert">
Pierre-Joseph Habert

Pierre-Joseph Habert (22 December 1773 – 19 May 1825) enlisted in the French army at the beginning of the French Revolutionary Wars and led a division during the Napoleonic Wars. After serving in the army from 1792 to 1797, he fought in Ireland and Egypt, rising in rank to become a colonel by 1802. Under Emperor Napoleon, he led his regiment in the 1805 campaign against Austria. In the 1806-1807 campaign he saw action at Jena, Golymin, Eylau, and Heilsberg and was wounded twice in the last-named battle.
Promoted to general officer, Habert was posted to Spain where he achieved fame in the Peninsular War. After he fought with varying fortunes in 1808 and 1809, General and later Marshal Louis Gabriel Suchet arrived to take command in Aragon. A string of almost unbroken successes followed. Though only a general of brigade he was named to lead Suchet's 3rd Division in actions at Lerida, Tortosa, and Tarragona. After being promoted, he led his division at Saguntum, Valencia, Castalla, and Ordal. He became known as the Ajax of the Army of Catalonia for his prolonged defense of Barcelona in 1814. He commanded a division during the Hundred Days at Ligny and Wavre, though he missed the Battle of Waterloo. Habert is one of the names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe.
Revolution.
Born the son of Avallon bookseller Henry Habert in Franche-Comté on 22 December 1773, Habert joined the French army on 1 September 1792 at the start of the War of the First Coalition. Quickly named captain of the 4th battalion of Yonne volunteers, within two years he rose to become a chef de bataillon (major) in the 107th Demi-Brigade. The year 1796 found him serving in the 3rd Foreign Demi-Brigade. He went with Lazare Hoche's abortive expedition in support of the Irish Rebellion of 1798. Captured by the British, he spent a number of months as a prisoner before being released. Sent to Egypt with dispatches, his ship evaded the British naval blockade and he was appointed aide-de-camp to Jacques-François Menou. He distinguished himself at the Battle of Heliopolis on 20 March 1800. On 21 March 1801, Menou appointed him an acting general of brigade after his actions at the Second Battle of Abukir. He returned to France after the Capitulation of Alexandria.
Early Empire.
On 29 May 1802, now a chef de brigade (colonel), Habert received command of the 105th Line Infantry Regiment. He became a chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur in 1803 and an officer of the Légion in 1804. During this time his unit guarded the west coast of France. In August 1805, at the start of the War of the Third Coalition, his regiment joined Jacques Desjardin's division of Marshal Pierre Augereau's VII Corps. Having a long march from the environs of Brest, Augereau's men missed the bulk of the fighting but managed to trap Franz Jellacic's Austrian division near Lake Constance. On 13 November, Augereau with Desjardin's 1st Division forced Jellacic to surrender his 4,000 troops in the Capitulation of Dornbirn in the Voralberg. The Austrians were allowed to march off to Bohemia on condition that they would not fight against France for one year.
The beginning of the War of the Fourth Coalition saw Habert's 105th Regiment serving in Jacques Lefranc's brigade of Desjardin's VII Corps Division. At the Battle of Jena on 14 October 1806, Desjardin's division seized the village of Isserstadt, piercing the right-center of the Prussian-Saxon front and rescuing Marshal Michel Ney's advance guard from a precarious situation.
On 24 December, Augereau forced a crossing of the Wkra River in Poland in the Battle of Czarnowo. He sent Étienne Heudelet de Bierre's 2nd Division to attempt a passage at Sochocin, while Desjardin tried to cross at Kołoząb. A Russian division under Michael Andreas Barclay de Tolly opposed the French. Heudelet's attack was repulsed, but Desjardin met with success. Desjardin pinned down the Russians with covering fire, while some elite companies stormed across the partially destroyed bridge. Pierre Belon Lapisse led Desjardin's other brigade in a flank attack. The combined assault drove off the Russian defenders and captured six field pieces.
Habert led the 105th against the Russians at the Battle of Golymin on 26 December. Desjardin's division reached the field first and pressed back a Russian infantry regiment. Reinforced, the Russians pushed back Desjardin's men, who rallied and came on again. This time Desjardin's 2nd Brigade was stopped by grapeshot only 50 paces from the enemy guns. The brigade fell back 200 yards and formed squares in front of the village of Kaleczin. The Russians retreated that night.
The 105th fought at the Battle of Eylau on 8 February 1807. At 2:00 PM in the afternoon, Emperor Napoleon ordered an unwell Augereau to attack the Russian left flank. As the movement got underway, a blizzard swept across the battlefield. Blinded by the snow, the VII Corps veered to the left of its intended attack axis to strike the Russian center. Pounded unmercifully by a 70-gun battery and swamped by counterattacking infantry and cavalry, Augereau's soldiers suffered huge losses and the remnants fled. His division commander Desjardin was killed. The decimated VII Corps was discontinued and the survivors distributed to other corps. Habert was transferred to Claude Legrand's division in Marshal Nicolas Soult's IV Corps on 21 February. He fought at the Battle of Heilsberg on 10 June 1807 where he was wounded in the head and shoulder. On 11 July 1807 he became a commandant in the Légion d'Honneur.
Middle Empire.
On 18 February 1808, Habert won promotion to general of brigade and was granted 4,000 francs worth of annual rent from property in the Kingdom of Westphalia. Transferred to Spain, he served as a brigade commander in the division of Pierre Hugues Victoire Merle for three weeks before being reassigned to Jean-Antoine Verdier's division in mid-June. Both divisions formed part of Jean-Baptiste Bessières army corps. During this period, from 15 June to 14 August, the French waged the unsuccessful First Siege of Saragossa. During the siege, Habert led an independent 3,104-man brigade that consisted of the 1st and 2nd Battalions each of the 1st Legion of the Vistula (1,243 men) and the 1st Supplementary Regiment of the Reserve Legion (1,030 men), the 4th Battalion of the 15th Line Infantry Regiment (411 men), and the 3rd Battalion of the 47th Line Infantry Regiment (420 men).
From August, he served in Jean Sébastien Grandjean's division. By early November he transferred again to lead the 2nd Brigade of Maurice Mathieu's division in Marshal Bon-Adrien Jeannot de Moncey's III Corps. On 23 November, Mathieu's division fought in the French victory at the Battle of Tudela. From 19 December 1808 to 20 February 1809, the III Corps participated in the Second Siege of Saragossa. In this bloodbath, 18,000 Spaniards died of battle injuries or sickness. French losses were also staggering, with 4,000 killed in battle plus an additional 6,000 succumbing to disease. The III Corps, now led by Jean-Andoche Junot easily overran the Ebro valley after the fall of Saragossa. However, Spanish guerillas and regulars were soon active again. As war with Austria threatened, Napoleon withdrew large forces from Spain, leaving Junot only 15,000 troops to occupy the province of Aragon.
In May, Habert received a rude introduction to guerilla warfare when Colonel Perena led his militia in chasing out the French garrison of Monzón. Desiring to recapture the town, Habert sent a force consisting of about 1,000 men from his elite companies plus some cuirassiers across the Cinca River downstream from Monzón. However, the river flooded without warning, trapping his detachment on the far bank. With the rest of his troops Habert attempted to cross at Monzón itself, but Perena's men repelled all his assaults on 16 May. The cavalry swam their horses across the river and escaped. But the isolated foot soldiers ran out of ammunition and were forced to surrender on 19 May as Habert watched helplessly. In this action, Habert commanded Junot's 1st Division of 9,000 troops and 12 guns, with two squadrons of the 13th Cuirassier Regiment attached. Perena's estimated 10,000 Miqueletes captured three "voltiguer" (light) companies of the 14th Line Infantry Regiment, the grenadier and "voltiguer" companies of the 116th Line Infantry Regiment, and possibly other units.
On the day that Habert's elite companies laid down their arms, Louis Gabriel Suchet arrived to replace Junot in command. The Battle of Alcañiz on 23 May 1809, Suchet's first action in independent command, was a French defeat at the hands of Joaquín Blake y Joyes. Before the battle, Habert was ordered to join Suchet. In the action, the 1st Division was led by Anne-Gilbert Laval while the 2nd Division was commanded by Louis François Félix Musnier. Habert is not listed in the order of battle.
Soon, Blake was menacing Saragossa and Suchet led his rallied troops out to fight the Battle of María on 15 June. In this action, the French corps commander detached Laval to protect Saragossa, while Habert led the remainder of the 1st Division. Knowing 3,000 reinforcements were due to arrive, Suchet maintained the defensive all day. When the hoped-for troops showed up at 4:00 PM, the French general hurled Habert's infantry and Pierre Watier's cavalry at Blake's right wing. Under the double attack, the Spanish line caved in. The French inflicted 1,000 killed and 3,000 to 4,000 wounded on their opponents while suffering 700 to 800 killed and wounded. Two days later, Blake stood to fight again at Belchite. Suchet sent Musnier to assault the Spanish left flank while Habert attacked the right. Just as Habert's troops became engaged, the French artillery scored a lucky hit on a Spanish artillery caisson behind the right wing. The resulting explosion set off a series of blasts that provoked Blake's men into a panicky flight from the field. The French lost about 200 casualties while their opponents lost ten times as many, plus 20 ammunition wagons. One source credited Laval with command of the 1st Division in this engagement.
Having cleared the Ebro valley, Suchet sent Musnier to fight guerillas to the north, while Laval battled the Spanish to the south. For the remainder of 1809, the III Corps waged local anti-guerilla operations. A January 1810 order of battle shows that Habert commanded Suchet's 3rd Division, though he still ranked as a general of brigade. Its strength was 4,329 men in seven battalions. At this time King Joseph Bonaparte insisted that Suchet capture Valencia. Accordingly, the III Corps commander advanced to the gates of that port city on 6 March, but within four days abandoned the futile blockade and retreated. Instead, Suchet advanced on Lleida (Lerida), arriving before the city on 15 April and inflicting a stinging repulse to a Spanish relief force on 23 April at Margalef. The French sat down to begin the Siege of Lerida on 29 April. During the operation, Habert's division included two battalions each of the 5th Light and 116th Line Infantry Regiments, three battalions of the 117th Line, and two foot artillery batteries. The Spanish governor Garcia Conde surrendered on 13 May with 7,000 men.
Suchet followed this success with the Siege of Mequinenza by investing the town and its fortress on a bluff high above the Ebro River, on 15 May. After cutting a new road up the height, the French dragged their siege guns within range and began a bombardment of the castle. The Spanish commander capitulated with 1,000 men around 5 June. Habert's 3rd Division participated in the operation. Suchet's next assignment was to seize the fortress-city of Tortosa, a strategically important location which controlled the lower Ebro crossing between Barcelona and Valencia. The III Corps managed to isolate the city, but was unable to begin a formal siege for many months because of the activities of Spanish guerillas and regular armies in both Aragon and Catalonia. However, Suchet finally got his heavy artillery forward and Marshal Jacques MacDonald arrived with his VII Corps to cover the proposed operation by 10 December.
The Siege of Tortosa began on either 16 or 19 December 1810. Suchet pursued siege operations with vigor and on 2 January 1811 secured the surrender of Spanish commander Conde de Alacha Lilli and his garrison, though some managed to escape. Habert's division was left to defend the place while Suchet consolidated his gains. Of the 7,179 defenders, 1,400 were killed or wounded and 3,974 were captured. French losses were about 400. Habert's division was the same as at Lerida, except that three battalions of the 16th Line Infantry replaced the 116th Line, which was transferred to Jean Isidore Harispe's division.
Promised his marshal's baton if he captured Tarragona, Suchet arrived in front of that coastal city on 3 May. The organization of Habert's division was the same as at Lerida. The Siege of Tarragona began on 5 May and lasted until 29 June 1811. The French captured Fort Olivo on 29 May and repulsed a counterattack the next day. Despite bitter resistance, they overcame the outlying forts one by one. On 21 June, Suchet's troops burst into the lower city and captured it. Three columns of French soldiers stormed into the upper city on 28 June. Gathering his men, Habert led a climactic charge against the defenders, breaking all resistance and capturing the Spanish commander Juan Senen de Contreras. The French infantry went berserk, massacring many helpless Spanish soldiers. English and Spanish accounts claim that up to 4,000 civilians were butchered. The French, while admitting that their troops ran amok, denied that their soldiers killed anyone other than armed enemies. As promised, Napoleon appointed Suchet a Marshal of France. During the siege, the French suffered 4,300 casualties, while inflicting 14,000 to 15,000 losses on the Spanish, including 8,000 men captured.
Habert was elevated in rank to general of division on 25 June 1811 and appointed Baron of the Empire on 18 July. According to a 15 July 1811 return of Suchet's newly named Army of Aragon, Habert's division included 4,433 men in 11 battalions. Reorganized for the invasion of Valencia in September, his 3rd Division included the 2,119-strong brigade of Louis François Elie Pelletier Montmarie and the 1,340-man brigade of Nicolas Bronikowski d'Oppeln. Suchet reached the towering castle of Sagunto (Saguntum) on 23 September. After the garrison repelled two premature attacks, Blake arrived nearby with a relief army. On 25 October, the Spanish general attacked the French to open the Battle of Saguntum. Suchet deployed Habert's division on the left flank, next to the coast. Though outnumbered two-to-one, the French quickly routed Blake's left flank units, but the Spanish center and right fought stubbornly. Habert was forced to refuse his left flank to avoid being bombarded from the sea by enemy gunboats. After an intense struggle in the center, the Spaniards collapsed and ran. Habert wheeled his division to cut off their escape through the village of Puzzol, but the "Walloon Guards" Regiment bravely held the escape route open at great cost to themselves. The French inflicted over 6,000 casualties on their adversaries while losing 1,000 killed and wounded. The 2,500 defenders of Saguntum castle quickly capitulated.
Next, Suchet turned his gaze toward Valencia. His army included the infantry divisions of Musnier, Harispe, Habert, Giuseppe Frederico Palombini, Claude Antoine Compère, plus André Joseph Boussart's cavalry division. To these were added the infantry divisions of Honoré Charles Reille and Philippe Eustache Louis Severoli to make a powerful army of 33,000 men. Suchet planned a double envelopment, with the greater part of his forces massed inland to cut behind Blake's left flank. Meanwhile, Habert was ordered to break through the Spanish right flank between Valencia and the sea. While minor forces distracted Blake in front, Suchet's pincers closed on the city on 25 December 1811. In the Siege of Valencia, Habert carried out his assignment, scattering José Obispo's troops on the right, while Suchet overran the Spanish left. Blake's flanking troops escaped, but the bulk of his troops were forced into the city where they surrendered on 8 January 1812. For a loss of 2,000 troops the French inflicted horrendous losses on their opponents, 4,011 killed or died of illness plus 16,270 men and 374 guns captured. Only 7,071 Spanish soldiers escaped the trap.
Late Empire.
Suchet soon fell ill with fever and was unable to mount further operations. Overstreched by his conquests, Suchet went over to the defensive during 1812. In mid-autumn of that year, a French order of battle listed seven battalions and 4,975 soldiers in Habert's division. Great events were occurring elsewhere in Spain during this time, including the Battle of Salamanca on 22 July and the Siege of Burgos in the fall. During this period, King Joseph abandoned Madrid and sought refuge with Suchet in Valencia before the king and Marshal Nicolas Soult recaptured Madrid.
Habert's next action was the Battle of Castalla on 13 April 1813. In that conflict, Suchet sent Louis-Benoit Robert's division to attack the left flank of John Murray, 8th Baronet's Anglo-Spanish army. Meanwhile, the marshal ordered Habert to contain Murray's center, Boussart to observe the enemy right flank, and Harispe to remain in reserve. When Robert's assault failed, Suchet directed Habert to withdraw and Harispe to cover the retreat. At the battle Habert commanded only 2,722 men in four battalions. These units were two battalions of the 14th Line Infantry Regiment and one battalion each of the 16th and 117th Line. At the time of the Siege of Tarragona in June 1813, Habert's 3rd Division numbered 4,120 men in six battalions. After the Battle of Vitoria on 21 June, Suchet was forced to evacuate Valencia and Aragon, while falling back to Catalonia.
Habert led the 3rd Division at the Battle of Ordal on 13 September 1813. The 14th, 16th, and 117th Line each had two battalions in the fight. Suchet attacked the inadequately patrolled Anglo-Spanish positions in the night and administered a one-sided drubbing to his enemies. A late 1813 order of battle placed Habert in command of Suchet's 4th Division, counting 3,975 men in four battalions. As Napoleon drained Suchet's strength away in order to defend eastern France, the marshal was left with only 17,000 soldiers. Forced to abandon most of Catalonia, he installed Habert as governor of Barcelona. For his tenacious defense of that city in the face of a besieging army of 30,000 and a British naval squadron, Habert earned the sobriquet the Ajax of the Army of Catalonia. He surrendered Barcelona on 25 April, long after Napoleon's abdication, and only with "great reluctance".
Habert became a grand officer of the Légion d'Honneur on 29 July 1814 after King Louis XVIII of France restoration to power. After commanding the 2nd Division, he joined Napoleon during the Hundred Days and was appointed to lead the 10th Division in Dominique Vandamme's III Corps. The division included the 22nd, 34th, 70th, and 88th Line Infantry Regiments. At the Battle of Ligny on 16 June 1815, his division attacked the Prussians holding the village of Saint-Amand. His troops captured the place, lost it to a counterattack, and captured it again.
At the Battle of Wavre on 18 June, Vandamme, without waiting for orders from Marshal Emmanuel Grouchy, ordered Habert to attack the town. His troops quickly flushed the Prussian skirmishers out of Aisemont, south of the Dyle River. Habert launched a strong column of infantry at the main bridge, covered by two 12-pounder batteries, one on each side of the main road. The initial attempt failed, along with two more assaults. In the attack, Habert and 600 of his men were struck down by Prussian fire. Shot in the lower abdomen, he was placed in inactive status on 1 August 1815 though he was assigned to the general staff. He bought a home in Montréal, Yonne and moved there in 1817. He was still officially part of the general staff as late as 30 December 1818 and retired on 1 December 1824. He died of an unhealed war wound at his house in Montréal on 19 May 1825 and is buried nearby. HABERT is inscribed on Column 36 of the Arc de Triomphe.

</doc>
<doc id="31129040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129040" title="Arnold Perlmutter">
Arnold Perlmutter

Arnold Perlmutter (1859–1953) composer for Yiddish theatre, born in Zlotshev, Galitsia, moved to Lemburg where he received both a religious and a secular education in Polish, Ukrainian, and German. Sang with then-famous hazzan Borekh Shor's chorus until his voice changed, then became a klezmer, playing bass and then violin and directing and composing for the "Harmonia" orchestra, which in 1889 was taken into I. B. Gimpel's Yiddish theater in Lemburg; he wrote the music for the operetta "Rabbi Akiva and his students." and "Der Spanisher Tsigayner (The Spanish Gypsy)".
In 1891 Abraham Goldfaden came to Lemburg to stage his "Meshiakh tsaytn (Messiah times)" and "Dos tsente gebot (The Tenth Commandment)"; Perlmutter orchestrated and reworked Goldfaden's collected musical numbers and composed new ones for his productions. He then toured with the Treytler and Yuvelir troups throughout Galitsia, Romania (1893-1895) and Russia (1899). From Chernovitz, Bukovina, in 1900 Professor Moyshe Horvitz (Hurwitz) took the whole troop to America. 
Perlmutter met his longtime collaborator Herman Wohl in New York's Windsor Theater and they wrote for dozens of Hurwitz's operettas as well as "Di Almoneh (The Widow)" and "A mentsh zol men zayn (One should be a righteous person)" by Anshel Shor. In 1906 Perlmutter and Wohl composed the music for a romantic drama in English, "The Shepherd King"; in 1909, Boris Thomashefsky's "Dos Pintele Yid" and "Di sheyne Amerikanerin;" and for scores of other historical operettas of the Second Avenue Yiddish Theater District theaters through the early years of the twentieth century. 
After the partnership dissolved Perlmutter worked alone, composing for Morris Schwartz's production in 1920 of I. L. Peretz's "Goldene keyt (Golden chain)". In 1922 he contracted with the Lennox Theater in the Bronx (directors Nathan Goldberg and Jacob Jacobs). He wrote the music for dozens of productions until he retired from theater in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="31129049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129049" title="Alaska-Gastineau Mining Company">
Alaska-Gastineau Mining Company

The Alaska-Gastineau Mining Co. had its offices in 25 Broad St., New York City, New York, USA. It was the operating company for the Alaska Gold Mines Co. in Alaska, USA. It worked the Alaska-Gastineau Mine/Perseverance Mine in the Silver Bow Basin, approximately from Juneau and processed its ore at an old remodeled mill and crushing plant at Sheep Creek. The property of the Alaska Juneau Gold Mining Co. adjoined the Alaska Gastineau on the west.
History.
Around 1900, Joseph Gilbert bought the Perseverance claims and, with the assistance of Col. W. J. Sutherland, formed the Alaska Perseverance Mining Co. Their mill began operations in 1907. In 1910, the Alaska Perseverance Mining Co. was reorganized under the name of the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Co. The company incorporated in New York in 1911. In 1912, the Alaska Gold Mines Co. was organized as a holding company to finance the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Co., and large scale development of the mine commenced in July, 1912.
The mill was constructed in Thane. It was designed by George Bradley, who also designed the Utah Copper Company mill. Robert Semple began excavating for the foundations in November, 1913. Construction was under the supervision of Daniel C. Jackling, the original company's managing director. After 1910, Bartlett L. Thane, the mining engineer who pioneered hydroelectric power in Juneau, Alaska, became managing director. Charles E. Bruff was superintendent of machinery installation, while Charles Hayden was the company President.
The average number of employees during 1913 was 900. It was announced on Nov. 21, 1914, that the first section of the company's reduction works would be in operation after January 1, 1915. The first unit started up on February 18, 1915. By June 30, 1915, 4000 tons of ore were being crushed daily. The Alaska Juneau Mining Company purchased all of the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Co. properties and assets in 1934.
Holdings.
By 1915, the company's properties included a net area of 2,166 acres, consisting of 1,672 acres of lodes, 219 acres of placers and 275 acres of millsites and homesteads. The mining claims consisted primarily of four groups, formerly owned and operated independently of each other, locally known as the "Alaska Perseverance," "Ground Hog," "Silver Bow Basin," and "Sheep Creek" groups. They covered a lode system in excess of 2 miles. The company also owned the 310-acre mill site on the Gastineau Channel. In addition, the company owned and controlled lands, reservoir sites, power plant sites and rights-of-way on Salmon Creek, emptying into Gastineau Channel; also on Annex Creek and Carlson Creek, emptying into the Taku Inlet; and on Granite Creek, Gold Creek and Lurvey Creek.
Operations.
With the exception of the coarse-crushing plant, the four sections of the mill were housed in one large building. The mill was built of concrete and structural steel. The coarse-crushing plant was situated on the mountainside at the terminus of the railroad at an altitude of above sea level. The fine-crushing plant was housed in the same building as the concentrating mill. The lowest floor of the concentrating mills was above sea-level, affording ample grade for the disposal of the tailing, which was carried into the Gastineau Channel.
About 6,000 horsepower of electricity was required to operate the mines and mills. The big Salmon Creek power stations, owned by the company and erected at the same time as the mine and mill development, furnished the power. There were two stations, one at sea-level near the mouth of the stream, and the other at the upper end of the first basin at an altitude of immediately below the falls. A concrete dam held in storage of water as reserve to keep the Pelton wheels moving during the winter months.
The Post office was situated in the company's general store. A school was established in a building provided by the company. Private businesses were conducted nearby by consent of the company, including a steam laundry. Liquor was not sold on the premises, but it could be obtained in Douglas or Juneau.
Major projects.
While under Thane's management, the company conceived of and constructed the Salmon Creek Dam and hydroelectric facilities (completed in 1912), and also the Annex Creek plant (completed in 1916), both designed by Harry L. Wallenberg, chief engineer. Salmon Creek Dam, the first thin arch dam ever constructed, was built by Thane with the assistance of some of his former football teammates.

</doc>
<doc id="31129066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129066" title="Reparagen">
Reparagen

Reparagen is a joint health product that scientists at Albany Medical College ran clinical trials on to test the theory that the combination of Uncaria guianensis and Lepidium meyenii can turn on Insulin-like growth factor 

</doc>
<doc id="31129078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129078" title="William C. Price">
William C. Price

William Cecil Price (1816 – 1901) was a United States lawyer and judge who was active in the proslavery faction of the Missouri Democratic Party from the 1840s on, and who served as Treasurer of the United States from 1860 to 1861.
Biography.
William C. Price was born in Russell County, Virginia in 1816. He was double cousin of Sterling Price. A farmer, William Price moved to Greene County, Missouri in 1836. He then attended Knoxville College before returning to Missouri to work as a teacher and store clerk and to read law. He became Deputy Sheriff of Greene County in 1840. In 1841, he took an administrative position with the Greene County court. He was admitted to the bar in 1844. In 1847, he was elected as a probate judge with the Greene County court. 
Price was active in the proslavery wing of the Missouri Democratic Party. Price claimed that he had originated the idea that the Missouri Compromise must be repealed. In 1844, he traveled through Missouri, warning slaveholders of the dangers to their situation if the Missouri Compromise were not repealed. Price was a supporter of the leader of the Missouri pro-slavery Democrats, Claiborne Fox Jackson, and opposed the Bentonite faction of the Missouri Democratic Party. Price was the author of the so-called "Jackson Resolutions" that Claiborne Fox Johnson introduced in the Missouri General Assembly in December 1848. The Jackson Resolutions declared that the actions of the Northern states had released the slaveholding states from any obligation to comply with the terms of the Missouri Compromise; that the people in any of the Territories of the United States had the right to determine for themselves if they would permit slavery; and that any Act of Congress conflicting with the Jackson Resolutions would require the slaveholding states to band together to protect themselves against northern aggression. 
During the period when the Compromise of 1850 was being discussed, Price met in New Orleans with Jefferson Davis, Judah P. Benjamin, and Robert Toombs. At this meeting, these pro-slavery Democrats concluded that if slavery were not expanded westward, conflict with the North and the secession of the South was inevitable.
Price was elected to the Missouri Senate in 1854. He resigned in 1857 when he was appointed as a judge of the circuit court. In 1859, Governor of Missouri Samuel Medary appointed Price to represent Missouri in discussions with the General Land Office about the use of swamp and overflowed lands. 
In 1860, President of the United States James Buchanan named Price Treasurer of the United States, an office Price held from February 28, 1860 to March 21, 1861.
With the outbreak of the American Civil War, Price joined Missouri's Confederate brigade, under the command of his cousin, Sterling Price. He was taken prisoner by Union forces at the Battle of Pea Ridge (March 6–8, 1862) and was imprisoned at Alton, Illinois for eight months. He was then exchanged for a Union prisoner held by the Confederacy at Vicksburg, Mississippi. Confederate President Jefferson Davis then assigned him as a recruiting officer in Missouri with the rank of Major. 
Price resigned in 1864 and moved to Arkansas in an attempt to rebuild his finances as a farmer. After the war, he returned to Missouri, practicing law first at St. Louis, Missouri, later at Springfield, Missouri.
A longtime member of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, Price became increasingly interested in theological topics in his later years. He has been described as a "religious fanatic."
Price died in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="31129107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129107" title="Mary Bowermaster">
Mary Bowermaster

Mary L. Bowermaster (July 26, 1917 – March 4, 2011) was a Nurse's aide for schools in Butler County, Ohio until a breast cancer diagnosis in 1979. After a mastectomy and successfully battling the disease, she began a second career in masters athletics.
Bowermaster, who was born in Wellsville, Ohio, is the current American record holder in the W80 long jump and shot put, and has pending marks that are superior to the listed record in the W80 and W85 100 metres. She also holds the current W80 American Indoor records in the 60 metres, long jump and shot put.
As part of her recovery from the operation, she began exercising. The following year, she competed in her first Senior Olympics. Five years later she set the W65 world record in the high jump at the (WAVA) World Masters Athletics Championships in Melbourne, Australia. A regular competitor at various championship meets, she has set numerous other records as she has progressed through the age divisions. Her story has been covered by Mike Wallace on Sixty Minutes, plus 48 Hours, Charles Kuralt, ESPN and CNN.
She carried the Olympic Torch for the 2002 Winter Olympics as it passed through Covington, Kentucky. She is a member of the Ohio Women’s Hall of Fame, the Ohio Senior Citizens Hall of Fame, the Ohio Senior Olympics Hall of Fame, the Butler County Sports Hall of Fame, and the USATF Masters Hall of Fame. She was the Greater Cincinnati Women Sports Association Senior Sports Woman of the Year in 1997, and the USATF Masters Track and Field Athlete of the Year five times.

</doc>
<doc id="31129115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129115" title="U.S. state bats">
U.S. state bats

As of February, 2011, at least three US states had an official bat. The general assembly of North Carolina considered a bill in 2007 that would have made Rafinesque's Big-eared Bat its state bat. The bill passed 92-15, but died in the state senate.

</doc>
<doc id="31129127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129127" title="Badaghagara Waterfall">
Badaghagara Waterfall

The Badaghagara Waterfall is a beautiful waterfall of the Kendujhar district in the Indian state of Odisha.
Location.
Badaghagara is located at a distance of 9 km from the district headquarters (Kendujhar) of Kendujhar district. Being a perennial source of water, a dam has constructed on the downstream side. It is situated at a distance of 3 kilometers on the downstream of Sanaghagara Waterfall.
The falls.
It is a perennial waterfall. The Machha Kandana, a small river, plunges from a height of in a single drop.

</doc>
<doc id="31129155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129155" title="Alan Dowding">
Alan Dowding

Alan Lorimer Dowding (born 4 April 1929) is a former Australian first-class cricketer who played with Oxford University, the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), the Commonwealth XI and Free Foresters.
Dowding gave up a promising Australian rules football career when was awarded a Rhodes Scholarship and moved to England. An South Australian representative at the 1948 Perth Amateur Carnival, Dowding was also league footballer with Sturt. He studied at Balliol College while at Oxford University and had previously attended St Peter's College and Adelaide University back home.
From 1951 to 1953, Dowding was a regular fixture in the Oxford University cricket team, usually as a number five batsman but also batting in the top order. In just his third first-class appearance, Dowding scored 105 against Nottinghamshire. He made it back to back centuries when he made 103 not out in a win over Free Foresters in his very next match.
His performances in 1952 were mixed, but he did score 69 against India. In 1952 he also played two first-class matches for the Commonwealth XI and against batted well against India, with a first innings 54 and 35 in the second.
Appointed Oxford captain in 1953, Dowding led the team in 14 first-class fixtures, including a match with the touring Australian team. He came close to scoring a century against Yorkshire but was bowled by Ray Illingworth for 99.
He played for both Free Foresters and the MCC from 1954 to 1956. He made just four half centuries from total of ten matches during that time, although his average in 1956 was a decent 44. While playing with the MCC in what would be his second last first-class match, Dowding took the only wicket of his career when he caught and bowled Cambridge opener Bob Barber. He was only bowling because Cambridge were chasing a small fourth innings score and his three balls also including the winning runs, off the bat of Ted Dexter.

</doc>
<doc id="31129168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129168" title="Wayne Dwyer">
Wayne Dwyer

Wayne Patrick Dwyer is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country .
Playing career.
A Marist representative, Dwyer first represented the West Coast in 1978.
During the 1980s Dwyer represented both the West Coast and the South Island. He was included in the New Zealand Kiwis squad in 1982 but did not play a Test match for his country.
He retired in 1998, with his last match being the West Coast Rugby League grand final.

</doc>
<doc id="31129186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129186" title="Parafilaria multipapillosa">
Parafilaria multipapillosa

Parafilaria multipapillosa (syn. "Filaria haemorrhagica") is a parasitic nematode of the genus "Parafilaria", which affects horses causing hemorrhagic subcutaneous nodules in the head and upper forelimbs, in North Africa, Southern and Eastern Europe, Asia and South America, leading to bleeding from the skin. It is commonly referred to as "Summer bleeding".
Description.
"P. multipapillosa" is related to "Parafilaria antipini" which are found in deer, and "Parafilaria bovicola" which causes hemorrhagic nodules in the skin of cattle and buffalo.
The nematode is thought to be passed by blood-sucking "Haematobia" spp flies in spring and summer. It causes skin nodules, particularly on the head and upper forequarters, which often bleed profusely (“summer bleeding") but then usually resolve, though occasionally suppurating. The nodules and bleeding, though annoying and unsightly are generally are of little consequence. The clinical signs are pathognomonic. No effective treatment is available.
'“Modern researchers, notes, have come up with two different ideas the ancient Chinese references to the “Blood-sweating” horses of Ferghana. The first suggests that small subcutaneous blood vessels burst as the horses sustained a long hard gallop. The second theorizes that a parasitic nematode, "Parafilaria multipapillosa", triggered the phenomenon. P. multipapillosa is widely distributed across the Russian steppes and makes its living by burrowing into the subcutaneous tissues of horses. The resulting skin nodules bleed often, sometimes copiously, giving rise to a something veterinarians call “summer bleeding.”
Ancient history.
Over 2,100 years ago two Chinese armies traveled 10,000 km to find "Heavenly Horses" or Ferghana horses, apparently infected with a tiny worm causing them to "sweat blood" from skin sores:
"Sometime earlier the emperor [ Wudi ] had divined by the "Book of Changes" and been told that "divine horses are due to appear" from the northwest". When the Wusun came with their horses, which were of an excellent breed, he named them "heavenly horses". Later, however, he obtained the blood-sweating horses from Dayuan [= Ferghana], which were even hardier. He therefore changed the name of the Wusun horses, calling them "horses from the western extremity", and used the name "heavenly horses" for the horses of Dayuan."
"P. multipapillosa" is thought to have been the cause of the "blood-sweating" of these famous and much desired horses from Ferghana, which Emperor Wu of Han China (Wudi) renamed "Heavenly Horses" ("c". 113 BCE). In response, the Emperor sent out Li Guangli, the brother of his favorite concubine, he was given 6,000 horsemen and 20,000 infantry soldiers.Li's army had to cross the Taklamakan Desert and his supplies soon ran out. After a gruesome march of over 1,000 miles he finally arrived to the country of Dayuan, but what remained of his army was exhausted and starving.[1 Li lost many men along the way in petty fights with local rulers. After a severe defeat at a place called Yucheng, Li concluded that he was not strong enough to take the enemy capital and therefore returned to Dunhuang about 102 BC.
Emperor Wudi responded by giving Li Guangli a much larger army along with a huge number of oxen, donkeys and camels to carry supplies. With this force he had no difficulty reaching Khujand (called Ershi by the Chinese), the Dayuan capital. He lost half his army during the march,but after a 40 day siege the Chinese had broken through the outer wall and cut off the water supply. The nobles of Ershi killed their king and sent his head to Li Guangli, offering the Chinese all the horses they wanted. Li accepted the offer, appointed one of the nobles to be the new king and withdrew with a tribute of 3,000 horses.[1 On his return journey all the petty states accepted Chinese sovereignty. He reached the Jade Gate about 100 BC with 10,000 men and 1,000 horses.

</doc>
<doc id="31129201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129201" title="Sanaghagara Waterfall">
Sanaghagara Waterfall

The Sanaghagara Waterfall is a beautiful waterfall of the Kendujhar district in the Indian state of Odisha.
Location.
Sanaghagara is located at a distance of 6 km from the district headquarters (Kendujhar) of Kendujhar district. It is situated at a distance of 3 kilometers on the upstream of Badaghagara Waterfall.
The falls.
It is a perennial waterfall. The Machha Kandana, a small river, plunges from a height of in two drops. 
It is a small (100 ft. high) and beautiful waterfall, suitable for outing. The area is spread over 488 Ha. In a hilly tract with characteristic mixed deciduous and miscellaneous type of forest vegetation. The famous Sanaghagara waterfall with perennial stream adds to the natural beauty of this forest tract and attracts large number of visitors throughout the year. The area is an extremely undulating terrain with hills, pediments and a "V" shaped narrow valley. The hills and pediments are very steep and the rock formation is of Doleritic and Granitic origin. 
It is one of the famous picnic spots of Kendujhar District. Thousands of tourists come to the place throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="31129226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129226" title="Longzhua">
Longzhua

Longzhua loculata is an extinct archaeorthopteran (stem group Orthoptera) species which existed in what is now China during the Pennsylvanian period.

</doc>
<doc id="31129244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129244" title="Christopher Coyne">
Christopher Coyne

Christopher Coyne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31129246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129246" title="Ken Carpenter (journalist)">
Ken Carpenter (journalist)

Ken Carpenter (born November 18, 1956 in Cleveland, Ohio), is an American journalist and journalism professor. He was an editor and reporter at The Plain Dealer in Cleveland (1980–87); a senior editor at The National Sports Daily in New York (1989–91); managing editor at Golfweek magazine in Winter Haven and Orlando, Fla. (1992–98); founding editor of Golfweek.com in Orlando, Fla. (1998–2001); copy editor at the Tampa Tribune (2001–02) and Orlando Sentinel (2002–03); and founding editor and publisher of TheGolfGazette.com.
In 2009 Carpenter established Journalism Buzz, a public service that aggregates news about journalism and new media on the Twitter platform.
Carpenter is the associate producer of the award-winning documentary film "," which was named Best Documentary at the 2011 River Bend Film Festival, the 2010 Central Florida Film Festival, the 2010 Astoria/Long Island City Film Festival, and the 2010 Big Easy International Film Festival.
Carpenter is the associate producer of a new documentary film "Passfire," now in production with a planned release in 2014.
He is professor of journalism and mass communications at Valencia College in Orlando, Fla. (2002–present).

</doc>
<doc id="31129254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129254" title="Madhuri Bhattacharya">
Madhuri Bhattacharya

Madhuri Bhattacharya is an Indian actress and former model, who has appeared in Kannada and Bollywood films.
Early life.
Born in Bangalore, but originally Bengali, Bhattacharya studied at the Army Public School and later went to Mount Carmel College to study psychology and Ramaiah College to study law. She lived in R.T. Nagar, Bangalore with her parents, before moving to Mumbai to pursue modelling. She won several beauty contests including the Miss Bangalore title before embarking on her film career.
Career.
Bhattacharya started her film career by appearing in the Kannada films "Khushi" and "Bisi Bisi". She also modelled for two videos of Sonu Nigam from his album "Neene Bari Neene". She acted in Sahara One's television series "Kuchh Love Kuchh Masti" which was the Indian adaptation of the popular series "Sex and the City". In 2009, she appeared in two Bollywood films, "Bachelor Party" and "3 Nights 4 Days". Her first full fledge role came in the 2010 comedy, "Prem Kaa Game" alongside Arbaaz Khan. In 2011, she featured in the popular item song "Tinku Jiya" alongside Dharmendra and Bobby Deol in the film "Yamla Pagla Deewana". She has completed her third Kannada film "Prasad", in which she plays the mother of a deaf-mute eight-year-old boy.

</doc>
<doc id="31129255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129255" title="Akita Northern Happinets">
Akita Northern Happinets

Akita Northern Happinets is a professional basketball team playing in the bj league, the top-tier professional basketball league of Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="31129265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129265" title="Roman Golian">
Roman Golian

Roman Golian (born 30 July 1982) is a Slovak football player who plays for Indonesia Super League team Persela Lamongan. Before joining Persela, he played for Arema Indonesia and FK LAFC Lučenec.

</doc>
<doc id="31129269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129269" title="Taebaeksaukia">
Taebaeksaukia

Taebaeksaukia spinata is a species of trilobite in the family Dikelocephalidae, which existed in what is now Korea during the upper Furongian period. It was described in 2011, and is the only species in the genus Taebaeksaukia.

</doc>
<doc id="31129331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129331" title="Air Pictorial">
Air Pictorial

Air Pictorial was a British aviation magazine covering defence aerospace and civil aviation topics. By 2002, when the magazine was assimilated into "Aviation News", "Air Pictorial" comprised 64 volumes containing 620 issues between them.
Initially published as "Air Defence Corps Gazette" in 1939, it was renamed to "Air Training Corps Gazette: The Journal of the Air Training Corps" in 1941, resetting the issue numbering to Vol.1 No.1 in the process. In 1946, the title was changed to "Air Reserve Gazette", restarting the numbering at Vol.1 No.1 again. In January 1947 the numbering was reset to Vol.9 No.1, reflecting the cumulative volumes from 1939 to ease confusion. In 1951 "Air Pictorial & Air Reserve Gazette" was adopted, and in April 1958 the "& Air Reserve Gazette" part of the title was dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="31129393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129393" title="Otis Hovair">
Otis Hovair

Otis Hovair Transit Systems is a type of hovertrain that replaces conventional steel wheels with hovercraft lift pads, and the conventional railway bed with a paved road-like surface, known as the "track" or "guideway". The concept aims to eliminate rolling resistance and allow very high performance, while also simplifying the infrastructure needed to lay new lines. Maglev trains attempt to meet the same basic goals, using magnets for levitation rather than air cushions.
Otis Hovair system is the only hovertrain concept seeing commercial service. Originally developed at General Motors as an automated guideway transit system, GM was forced to divest the design as part of an anti-trust ruling. The design eventually ended up at Otis Elevator who replaced its linear motor with a cable pull and sold the resulting design for people mover installations all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31129407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129407" title="Rescue plans for 2010 Copiapó mining accident">
Rescue plans for 2010 Copiapó mining accident

The 2010 Copiapó mining accident began as a cave-in on 5 August 2010 at the San José copper-gold mine in the Atacama Desert near Copiapó, Chile. The accident left 33 men trapped below ground who survived underground for a record 69 days. All 33 men were rescued and brought to the surface on 13 October 2010 over a period of almost 24 hours. After the last trapped miner was winched to the surface, the rescue workers still underground held up a sign before the camera stating """" (English: ""Mission accomplished Chile"") to the estimated more than 1 billion people watching the rescue on live television around the world.
The San José Mine is about north of Copiapó, in northern Chile. The miners were trapped approximately from the mine entrance. The mine had a history of instability that had led to previous accidents, including one death.
The retrieval of the first miner, Florencio Ávalos, began on Tuesday, 12 October at 23:55 CLDT, with the rescue capsule reaching the surface 16 minutes later. Less than 24 hours later, at 21:55 CLDT on 13 October, all 33 miners had been rescued, almost all in good medical condition, and expected to recover fully. Two miners were suffering from silicosis, one of whom also had pneumonia, and others were suffering from dental infections and corneal problems. Three of the rescued miners had immediate surgery under general anesthesia for dental problems.
Rescue plans.
The rescue crews planned to raise the miners one by one with pods. "The mine is old and there is concern of further collapses,” Murray & Roberts Cementation managing director Henry Laas said. “The rescue methodology therefore has to be carefully designed and implemented.”
Drilling plans.
Several types of drilling equipment and different access strategies to reach the miners with escape boreholes were tried in parallel. When the escape shaft reached the miners, there were three plans in operation—the Strata 950 ("Plan A", 702 meter target depth at 90°), the Schramm T130XD ("Plan B", 638 meter target depth at 82°), and a RIG-421 drill ("Plan C", 597 meter target depth at 85°).
Plan A.
Plan A used an Australian built Strata 950 model raise borer type drilling rig often used to create circular shafts between two levels of a mine without the use of explosives. The drill was provided by South African mining company Murray & Roberts, who had a recently idled machine in Chile for a separate mining contract. The drill had just finished a shaft for Codelco's Andina copper mine in Chile and was immediately transferred to San José. Since it weighed , it needed to be shipped in pieces. The Strata 950 was the first of the three drills to begin boring an escape shaft.
In traditional raise boring operations, mining companies use a drilling technique known as ‘up-reaming’. Normally, this type of rig first drills a small pilot hole downward, then large machine cutters are attached to the drill which is sticking out the bottom of the pilot hole. The massive cutters are pulled up as they grind through thick rock, boring along the pilot hole. In this case however, since the space below was blocked and the raise bore bit could not be attached from underground, the rig was modified to widen the hole from above.
If the pilot hole had been completed, further drilling would have caused rock debris to fall down the hole, and the miners would have had to remove the debris.
Plan B.
Plan B involved a Schramm Inc. T130XD air core drill owned by Geotec S.A. (a Chilean-American joint venture drilling company) that was chosen by Drillers Supply SA (the general contractor of Plan B) to widen one of the three boreholes that were already keeping the miners supplied with "palomas". Internationally, the drills are used to drill top holes for the oil and gas industry and for mineral exploration and water wells This system employed Chilean Drillers Supply SA (DSI) personnel, Mijali Proestakis (G.M. and Partner), Igor Proestakis (Tech Manager) and Greg Hall (the C.E.O., who joined his team on site for the last eight days of drilling) and their 7" drill pipe air core drill, a team of American drillers from Layne Christensen Co. and specialized Down-The-Hole drilling hammers from Center Rock, Inc., of Berlin, Pennsylvania. Center Rock's president and personnel from DSI Chile were present on site for the 33 days of drilling. While the Schramm rig, built by privately held Schramm, Inc. of West Chester, Pennsylvania, was already on the ground in Chile at the time of the mine collapse, additional drilling equipment was flown from the United States to Chile by United Parcel Service. The percussion-technology hammer drill could drill at more than a day by using four hammers instead of one.
The Schramm T-130 was directed to bore toward the workshop, a space that was accessible by the miners. The T-130 became operational on 5 September and worked in three stages. First, it needed to enlarge the hole to a hole. It then needed to drill the hole into a diameter hole. “If we tried to drill from a hole to a hole, the torque would be too high and it would ... put the drill bits under too much pressure,” said Schramm, Inc. Latin American Regional Manager, Claudio Soto. However by reusing the same hole, there was still added pressure on the drill. Delays occurred because of issues with the neck of the drills caused by the angle of the drilling. Rescuers couldn’t drill vertically since that would require placing the heavy rig on the unstable ground where the cave in had happened. And the rescuers also had to avoid drilling into the production tunnels that wind above the shelter. Soto added, during the rescue, “It’s a difficult hole. It’s curved and deep. The hard rock has proven to be abrasive and has worn out the steel of the drill.”
The fine rock debris, known as cuttings, fell down the pilot hole; an estimated of rocks fell down every hour. Working in shifts 24 hours a day, the miners had to keep the passage clear with the industrial-sized battery-powered sweepers, shovels and wheel barrows trapped in the mine with them. The miners had to remove on their own a total mass of drilling cuttings estimated at up to , considering a borehole diameter of , with a depth of and a rock density of 2.7 tons per cubic meter.
Its first delay was caused by it hitting a metal bar in an old working and wrecking. The wrecked drill bit was retrieved by sending down a steel tube called a "spider", whose end was cut into 8 long teeth. When the spider reached the obstruction, its 8 teeth went down around the drill bit, and on further pressure bent in below the drill bit, holding it, and it was hauled to the surface. The second delay was caused by the replacement drill bit wearing out. As the drill drilled down, the spoil fell down the pilot hole and the trapped miners had to clear it away, using a front loader, fueled with diesel sent down via one of the supply holes.
Plan C.
Plan C was a powerful Canadian built RIG-421 oil drilling rig operated by Calgary-based Precision Drilling Corporation and was the last drill to become involved in the rescue process; it began drilling on Sept. 19. The rig is a special drill used for oil and gas drilling that could drill a wide enough escape shaft in a single pass without a pilot hole. RIG-421 is a Diesel-Electric Triple that was tall and needed 40 truckloads to bring its pieces from Iquique, Chile to Copiapó. of rock and gravel were cleared to make a stable platform for it on the rough hillside. It was chosen for the rescue operation because it can drill large holes deep into the ground and because it works faster than mining drills. Unlike the Strata 950 and the Schramm T-130, the Rig 421 brings debris back up to the surface.
It suffered a setback due to the difficulty of aiming the larger drill at a 2.5m x 2.5m target and the hardness of the rock when the drill diverted from its course. The drill then needed to be removed, resized and repositioned, which slowed its progress.“We’ve drilled wells all around the world. The actual drilling of the hole in the ground isn’t that difficult. When you’re given a target to aim for it’s a little more difficult,” said Shaun Robstad, superintendent with Precision Drilling. Many family members of the miners once had high hopes for this Canadian rig, but it had to reduce its drill size and lagged behind.
Drilling results.
The widened shaft of Plan B's Schramm T130XD reached the trapped miners at 08:05 CLDT on 9 October after a 10 hour stoppage to change the drill-bit. By 8 October, the Plan A Strata 950's pilot hole had reached deep ( - it had not yet started its widened shaft). Plan C's RIG-421, the only machine at the site which drills a shaft wide enough immediately, reached ().
As illustrated in the graphic to the right, it was the Schramm T-130, Plan B, that reached the miners on Oct. 9. The rescue operation was an international effort. The rescue of the miners involved not only technology, but the cooperation and resources of companies and individuals from around the world, including Latin America, South Africa, Australia, the United States and Canada. NASA specialists helped develop a sophisticated health agenda. Canada brought in their “Plan C” drill. An Austrian system of cranes and pulleys designed for the rescue capsule eventually pulled the miners to the surface. But overall, it was widely a Chilean-led team and effort. As one NASA specialist said while visiting early on in the rescue: “The Chileans are basically writing the book.”

</doc>
<doc id="31129432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129432" title="Nanganur">
Nanganur

Nanganur () is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Villages.
The villages in Nanganur mandal includes: Akkanepalle, Ankushapur, Baddipadaga, Durgapalle, Gatlamalyal, Ghanpur, Katha, Khanapur, Konaipalle, Kondamrajpalle, Meqdumpur, Mundrai, Nagrajpalle, Nanganur, Narmetta, Oblapur, Palamakula, Rajgopalpet, Rampur, Siddannapur, Thimmaipalle, Velkatur, Venkatapur, etc..

</doc>
<doc id="31129442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129442" title="2010–11 Saint Peter's Peacocks basketball team">
2010–11 Saint Peter's Peacocks basketball team

The 2010–11 Saint Peter's Peacocks basketball team represented Saint Peter's College during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Peacocks, led by 5th year head coach John Dunne
, played their home games at the Yanitelli Center and were members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. They finished the season 20–14, 11–7 in the MAAC and were champions of the 2011 MAAC Men's Basketball Tournament to earn an automatic bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they lost in the second round to Purdue.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| MAAC Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31129450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129450" title="Alfred Hochstrasser">
Alfred Hochstrasser

Alfred Hochsrasser is a Romanian-born, German-raised composer and music producer based in New York City. He is the Executive Producer and Owner of Music Beast, a music production company in Manhattan specializing in original music for advertising, and has worked with artists including Britney Spears, Smokey Robinson, Cyndi Lauper, Celia Cruz and The Black Eyed Peas. Hochstrasser's work has also been used in television and film.
His music has been featured in advertisements for Coca-Cola, McDonalds, Ford, Hugo Boss, Godiva and Hasbro, among others. Hochstrasser received an award for Excellence in Musical Composition from the Association of Independent Commercial Producers for his work with Tanqueray in 2006, and was invited to compose music for director David LaChapelle's advertisement for Passionata featuring Isabeli Fontana in 2007. Hochstrasser also composed music for the 1999 film "Trick," which appeared in the Sundance and Berlin film festivals that same year. His songs and underscoring for a live theatrical production of "The Jungle Book" have been performed around Germany.
Hochstrasser served as the Music Producer for Tokyo Disney Resort's theme music in 2011 and as Music Producer/Composer in 2012. Hochstrasser has received mention in articles about modern music production for visuals in publications including Billboard Magazine, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times and "SHOOT" magazine, and was interviewed for the book "Who Killed the Jingle? How a Unique American Art Form Disappeared" by Steve Karmen.
Hochstrasser is a graduate of Berklee College of Music, where he majored in film scoring.

</doc>
<doc id="31129460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129460" title="Malladi Venkata Krishna Murthy">
Malladi Venkata Krishna Murthy

Malladi Venkata Krishna Murthy (born November 13, 1949 in Vijayawada) is a popular Telugu writer. He is known for thrilling plots, nearer to natural real life. Malladi Dakshinamurty, Malladi Saradamba are his parents. He is seventh child to his parents. He graduated from Andhra University in 1969. He worked in different private organizations up to 1972.After that he joined as an auditor in Government audit office in Hyderabad. He resigned from his job in 1986 and thereafter became a full-time writer. He has published over 150 books through Lipi publications in the past 25 years.

</doc>
<doc id="31129471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129471" title="Oscar Lambert">
Oscar Lambert

Oscar Parmenas "Paddy" Lambert (October 25, 1890 – May 27, 1970) was an American football and baseball player. He played college football for West Virginia Wesleyan College from 1912 to 1913 and was captain of the school's 1913 football team. He also played at first base for the West Virginia Wesleyan baseball team. While attending law school at the University of Michigan, he played for the 1917 Michigan Wolverines football team and was selected as a second-team All-American and a first-team All-Western player. Lambert later practiced as a lawyer in Ohio.
Early years.
Lambert was born in Pennsboro, West Virginia in 1890. He was the son of Isaac H. Lambert (born May 1847) and Mary A. Lambert (born March 1853). At the time of the 1900 Census, Lambert was living with his parents and two older brothers on a farm in Clay, West Virginia. In 1910, he was living in Clay, West Virginia, with his mother and one older brother (a brakeman for the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad).
West Virginia Wesleyan.
Lambert attended West Virginia Wesleyan College in Buckhannon, West Virginia. Between 1912 and 1914, he played first base for the school's baseball team and center for the football team. College and Pro Football Hall of Fame inductee Greasy Neale was Lambert's teammate on the West Virginia Wesleyan football and baseball teams.
In 1912, the West Virginia Wesleyan football team, with Lambert and Neale in the lineup, compiled a perfect 8–0 record and outscored opponents 380 to 14. Seven of the eight games were shutouts, including a 59–0 victory over the Marshall Thundering Herd, a 103–0 victory over Davis & Elkins College, and a 95–0 victory over Fairmont State. The only team to score on the 1912 Wesleyan team was West Virginia, a game Wesleyan won by a score of 19–14.
At the end of the 1912 season, Lambert was elected as the captain of the 1913 team. In 1913, the Wesleyan team defeated West Virginia (21–0), Marshall (13-0) and Georgetown (16–6), but lost games against college football powerhouses, including a Carlisle Indians team coached by Pop Warner and a Washington & Jefferson Presidents that was ranked as one of the new "Big 4 of College Football."
There are some sources indicating that Lambert may have also played football for Marshall College and West Virginia. A September 1915 article in "The Sun" of Baltimore noted that "Paddie Lambert, the old Marshall College star, has made himself solid at centre" for the West Virginia Mountaineers. Additionally, West Virginia's list of football letterman indicates that Oscar Lambert from Charleston, West Virginia played at center for the Mountaineers in 1915. Further, the roster for the 1917 Michigan Wolverines football team refers to Lambert as having previously attended Marshall College.
Lambert may have also played baseball in the Cleveland Amateur Association League for a portion of the summer of 1916, before returning to West Virginia in mid-June.
University of Michigan.
After attending college in West Virginia, Lambert attended the University of Michigan Law School. He was president of the law school class of 1919. Lambert was often referred to by the nickname "Paddy" while attending Michigan.
With Lambert's enrollment at Michigan, the press anticipated that he would play for Fielding H. Yost's Michigan Wolverines football team. The "Boston Evening Transcript" wrote about the prospects for Michigan's 1915 football team: "It will be necessary to develop a new centre, and for this post there is Lambert, a new-comer to Ann Arbor from Wesleyan University of West Virginia, where he made an enviable reputation." Although he played for Michigan's All-Freshman team in 1915, Lambert did not play varsity football at Michigan until 1917.
At the start of the 1917 football season, Michigan's football coach, Fielding H. Yost, had only four veterans returning from the 1916 team. He found Lambert among the university's law students. "The Michigan Alumnus" noted: "He dug up Lambert and made him report." Another press report noted that Lambert, who had played on the All-Freshman team in 1915, was a surprise addition to the team in mid-October: "Lambert played at West Virginia several years ago and was a member of the All-Fresh in 1915. He did not play on the varsity this fall and has been in a uniform only a little over a week. He is light, but an accurate passer and a fighter." Lambert was reportedly the lightest man on the 1917 Michigan Wolverines football team at 160 pounds.
Yost did not play Lambert until the season's fourth game against the University of Detroit on October 17, 1917. Lambert had a strong showing in his first game for Michigan. The University of Michigan yearbook reported on his performance against Detroit: "The West Virginian managed to make about 50 percent of the tackles and would have made more but for the fact that the rest of the players got jealous and started to work." The same publication noted that Michigan's game with Cornell (a 42–0 win) found "Weston [Michigan's quarterback) and Lambert feeling like the historical million dollars." The "Detroit Free Press" credited Lambert with "opening inviting holes" for Michigan's backs in the Cornell game.
Prior to the final game of the 1917 season against Northwestern, Lambert, Archie Weston and two other Michigan players were declared ineligible. In Lambert's case, the ruling was due to a Western Conference rule limiting players to three years of varsity sport, which Lambert had used while at West Virginia Wesleyan. The "Michiganensian" noted: "Several little matters, like Conference rules and studies, kept several Michiganders out of the Northwestern fray ... It was decided that Lambert had played enough football, although he was ranking high in his studies." "The Michigan Alumnus" noted: "Since Weston had gained about 75 percent of the ground gained by Michigan this fall, and Lambert had secured nearly 90 percent of the tackles made by the defense, the loss of these men was a serious blow." On losing to Northwestern without Lambert in the lineup, Coach Yost complained that "the defense was in the law library."
At the end of the 1917 football season, Lambert was selected as a second-team All-American by Walter Eckersall of the Chicago Tribune. Eckersall also placed Lambert on his All-Western team.
While attending Michigan, Lambert was also a member of the Griffins, the Archons, the Barristers, Sigma Chi, Phi Delta Phi, and Michigamua. He was also chosen to serve as a student member of the university's Board in Control of Athletics for the year 1918–19.
Later years.
After graduating from Michigan, Lambert practiced law in Ohio. At the time of the 1930 Census, he was living in Youngstown, Ohio and working as an attorney for a steel corporation. In his later years, Lambert lived and practiced law in Cleveland, Ohio. In his draft registration card completed following the U.S. entry into World War II, Lambert indicated that he was living in Cleveland and self-employed. Lambert never married and died in 1970 at St. Luke's Hospital in Cleveland; he was a resident of Lakewood, Ohio at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31129488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129488" title="Deogaon">
Deogaon

Deogaon is a small village on the banks of Kusei River in the Kendujhar District of Orissa, India. It lies at a distance of 10 km. from Anandapur, 90 km. from the district headquarters Kendujhar and 170 km. from Bhubaneswar, the state capital.
It is a village within the Ghasipura Block of Anandapur Subdivision. The people of the village are Hindus. Most of the people are farmers, a few work in Government and Private sectors. The majority of youths in the village are engaged in various types of businesses.
The neighbourhood villages are Bangarakota, Tarimul, Kesadurapal among others.
Places of Interest.
The village is located on the banks of the Kusei River. It has a unique place in the culture of the Kendujhar district. In the past it was a flourishing seat of Buddhism. A 5 feet high image of "Abalokiteswar" stands there as a reminiscence of the Buddhism in the past.
Kushaleshwar Temple.
The temple of Kushaleswar built in 900 CE is a famous centre of pilgrimage. It is one of the holiest shrine of Lord Shiva in the district. On the occasion of Maha Shivaratri a large fair is organized at this place that lasts for more than half a month. Devotees from all over the state come to worship in the temple.
Pathara Bandha.
It is one of the most important monuments of the place. It is a stone embankment on the river Kusei which is the second of its kind in the state; the first being the embankment on the river Kathajodi at Cuttack.

</doc>
<doc id="31129496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129496" title="Frank Woodward">
Frank Woodward

Frank Russell Woodward (May 17, 1894 – June 11, 1961) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball between 1918 and 1923 for the Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Washington Senators, and Chicago White Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="31129506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129506" title="Power Eleven">
Power Eleven

The game was also released for the Wii Virtual Console on February 26, 2008.
Gameplay.
Teams.
There are 12 teams in total to choose from. These are:
Modes.
General.
There are no fouls or off-sides. In the case of a draw penalty kicks are shot which decide who the winner is. Before the beginning of the 2nd half of each game there is a short cheerleaders show. At the end of the show their leader gives a message to the player.
All players have a number of attributes. These are:
Each player has a number for each one which can range from 1 to 10. The higher the number in one attribute the more skilled the player is in that particular area.
The Power attribute refers to the amount of "power" the player begins the game with. During the match this amount is shown in the lower left or right part of the screen for the currently controlled player. When used the player can move faster and strike harder but it also causes the remaining amount to decrease. It is slightly replenished at the beginning of the second half and fully replenished after each match. The total amount of "power" each player can have cannot be changed. Goalkeepers use it automatically when trying to save the ball. The CPU player only ever uses it when shooting.
Hudson cup.
You choose one of the 12 teams and play against all the other teams in a series of matches. Winning a game will allow you to play against the next team. If you lose you can either retry right away or at a later time by using a save or a password. Each game half lasts for approximately 4 minutes.
At the end of each winning game and if the player scores enough goals he is given up to three new players to add to his team. This is the only time when the player has the option to replace the players in his team. There is a maximum number of such "bonus" players and if there are no more left then previous unused or replaced ones reappear. The player can only be given new substitutes starting from the 2nd game. Regardless of the number of goals scored the maximum number of subs for the 2nd and 3rd games is 1 and 2 respectively. For the rest of the games the maximum number is 3. There is normally 1 substitute for every 3 goals scored.
After a victory the player is also given a password and the option to save the current game (if his PC-Engine has that ability). The save and password contain information regarding the current progress in the Hudson Cup as well as team players and their position in the field. Only the last two bits of information are used when the save or password is used in the other modes (Vs etc.).
For the all modes apart from PK you can choose the formation of your team before each game (2FB (offensive), 433 (balanced), 532 (defensive) as well as the position of the players in the field. Both are also possible after each goal (see controls).
After the user beats the final (11th) team there is a congratulations screen in which a hand of a player holding the World Cup is shown and then there is a medals ceremony with fireworks. No credits are shown but instead the user can continue with his current team (with all changes and subs) for another round of 11 matches. This new round is the same as the first one as far as the order of the teams is concerned but the difficulty is set to "Level 3" for the whole duration of it so it is much more challenging. Its ending again includes the cup screen and medals ceremony but after that there is a short animation of a guy finishing the game and deciding that it's time to turn off the TV and go to sleep followed by a credits sequence. There is no 3rd round.
Vs, Watch & PK modes.
The Vs mode is basically a friendly against either the CPU or another human player. Each side can be either one of the default 12 teams or a saved one. The player can choose from three different levels of difficulty with "Level 3" being the most difficult one. The second one is mainly a watch mode as the user cannot directly control the players although he can change the formation and the player positions. In both modes the user can choose the duration of each half which can last 15, 30 or 45 min. (2, 4 or 6 minutes in actual time). In the last only penalty kicks are shot.
Controls.
Formation screen.
Pressing Select takes the player to the Substitutions screen.
While playing.
Pressing the "I" button and the directional pad will make the player kick the ball. If the button is pressed quickly he will kick it at a short distance, if pressed for a longer time he will kick it as far away as he can.
Pressing the same button without using the directional pad will make the player kick a long ball. The power button can also be used in this case even though the player is not moving. Receiving players can use long balls to perform a header or a scissor kick.
Pressing the "II" button will use the power bar making the currently controlled player move faster and kick harder. No power is used up when the button is pressed but the player is not moving unless he kicks.
Pausing the match and pressing "I" while playing once will show the map of the football field with all the player positions. Pressing it again will show the time and the current score.
Doing the same after a goal and while the words "Kick Off" are shown on the screen will take the user to the formation screen where changes can be made.
Critical reception.
The Japanese website Wazap! gave the game a total score of 68 out of 100. It scored specially high in the areas of its sound and longevity.

</doc>
<doc id="31129509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129509" title="Vahbbiz Dorabjee">
Vahbbiz Dorabjee

Vahbbiz Dorabjee Dsena (born 28 November 1985) is an Indian model and television actress. 
Vahbbiz Dorabjee made her television debut with the television serial "Pyaar Kii Ye Ek Kahaani", playing the role of Panchi Dobriyal. from 18 October 2010 to 15 December 2011. She is currently a part of the television series "Saraswatichandra" in which she plays Alak. She has won an award for the best supporting role in 2011.
She married fellow actor Vivian Dsena on 7 January 2013, whom she met on the sets of "Pyaar Kii Ye Ek Kahaani". They had two years of courtship.

</doc>
<doc id="31129542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129542" title="Dalia Fernández">
Dalia Fernández

Dalia Cristina Fernández Sánchez (born January 3, 1990 in Santiago de los Caballeros) is a Dominican beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Dominican Republic 2011 and represented the country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant.
In 2012 she was elected by Luz García’s "Noche de Luz" programme as a "Summer’s Hot Body".
Early life.
Prior to her participation in Miss Dominican Republic 2011, Fernández competed in Reina Mundial del Banano 2009 in Machala, Ecuador on September 23, 2009. As the eventual first runner-up of the event, she won a crown made of 500 green pearls, tourmaline gem stones, and 700 crystals in silver finish. Fernández is currently pursuing a bachelor's degree in psychology.
Miss Dominican Republic 2011.
Fernández competed as the representative of Santiago, one of 36 finalists in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Dominican Republic 2011, broadcast live from Santo Domingo on March 8, 2011, where she became the eventual winner of the title, gaining the right to represent the Dominican Republic in Miss Universe 2011.
Miss Universe 2011.
Fernández represented the Dominican Republic to the Miss Universe 2011]] pageant, broadcast live from São Paulo, Brazil on September 12, 2011, where she competed to succeed the outgoing titleholder, Ximena Navarrete of Mexico but failed to place in the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31129598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129598" title="Shabana">
Shabana

Shabana is a given name for females. People named Shabana include:

</doc>
<doc id="31129626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129626" title="Chaudhary Vinay Kumar">
Chaudhary Vinay Kumar

Vinay Kumar was the vice-chancellor of Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University (HAU), Hisar, in Haryana, India 
He was an associated with the college from its start as a campus college of the Punjab Agricultural University (Ludhiana) in 1948, He rose from the post of a clerk to its Vice- Chancellor. He was also the founding Director General of Jannayak Chaudhary Devilal Vidyapeeth, Sirsa,Haryana, India where he established 8 colleges and schools.
Early life.
Kumar was born on 1 July 1938 at Phoolkan Village in Sirsa District, Haryana. His gotra is Dusad. His father Ch. Kashi Ram was an ordinary kisan. For studies, the boy Vinay Kumar was taken by Swami Keshwanand to Grammothan Vidyapeeth, Sangaria (Rajasthan), where he studied up to Matriculation. However, he passed his B.A. and M.A. (History) privately while employed.
At 19, he was married to Smt. Parmeshwari Devi on 30 June 1957. The couple have two sons. 
Career.
Kumar started his career as an organizing secretary in the Grammothan Vidyapeeth College of Agriculture (Sangaria) on 5 July 1959. Having served there for four years, he joined the Campus College of P.A.U. at Hisar, which later developed into the H.A.U. He was first appointed here as an Assistant in 1963, then as a Superintendent in March 1969, and as an Assistant Registrar in December 1969. In June 1977, he became the Deputy Registrar, and soon rose to Registrar, HAU, in December 1977. Having served the Campus College PAU and HAU for 36 years,he retired on 30 June 1999 as an Officer on Special Duty (OSD).
After the formation of the Chautala Government in Haryana, Prof. J.B. Chowdhury resigned as the Vice Chancellor of the HAU, and Vinay Kumar, who was considered to be very close to O.P. Chautala and his family, was appointed as the VC on 4 August 1999. As the Vice Chancellor, he served for four years, and retired at the age of 65. After his retirement from HAU, he was appointed as the Founder Director General of Jannayak Chaudhary Devilal Vidyapeeth, Sirsa where he started various colleges of Engineering, Dental Sciences, Physiotherapy etc. and two schools. after two years, he finally retired altogether. 
ALS and Death.
Shortly after coming back from JCDV, Sirsa, jr was diagnosed with a fatal disease, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), a degenerative neuron disease uncommon in this part of the world. He died, after fighting with this disease for almost two years, on November 8, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31129634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129634" title="Henry Lee">
Henry Lee

Henry Lee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31129638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129638" title="Albie">
Albie

Albie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31129643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129643" title="Funtoosh">
Funtoosh

Funtoosh is a 1956 Bollywood film directed by Chetan Anand. The film stars Dev Anand, Sheila Ramani and K.N. Singh. It was the 9th highest grossing film of 1956, and declared "above average".

</doc>
<doc id="31129644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129644" title="Al Karama, United Arab Emirates">
Al Karama, United Arab Emirates

Al Karama () was a proposed planned city to be built on the border of the emirates of Abu Dhabi and Dubai. It was specified to be the permanent capital of the United Arab Emirates as stated in the Constitution of 1971. The proposed city was never built, and Abu Dhabi became the official capital of the UAE in 1996.
History.
In 1968, the United Kingdom announced that it would end its protectorate over the Trucial States (the predecessor of the UAE), leading the seven rulers of the States to propose a "Federation of Arab Emirates" with nearby Bahrain and Qatar, to be led by a Supreme Council composed of their nine rulers. On October 21, 1969, the fourth and final meeting of the Supreme Council agreed that Abu Dhabi, the largest (in land area) and wealthiest of the nine, should temporarily host the capital of the new state, with a new capital to be built between Abu Dhabi and Dubai. However, this agreement was rendered void when Bahrain and Qatar both withdrew from the proposed federation.
On July 10, 1971, the Trucial States announced the formation of the United Arab Emirates, and the capital issue resurfaced. The five small emirates counter-proposed building a new capital on the border of Dubai and Sharjah, but this was rejected by Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Eventually, the previous compromise was agreed upon, and Article 9 of the final constitution stated:
While the Constitution came into effect on December 2, 1971, its implementation was stalled by ongoing disputes between Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and construction of the capital-to-be never got underway. Instead, Abu Dhabi started building the institutions of government on its own territory, ignoring repeated demands from Dubai and Ras al-Khaimah to build the new capital as promised. In 1979, in light of the "facts on the ground" and lacking the resources to build it on their own, these demands were dropped.
A quarter-century after the initial constitution, the Supreme Council of the UAE passed Constitutional Amendment Nr. 1 of 1996, which specified that ""Abu Dhabi City is the Capital of the Federation."" and thus finally granted full legal recognition of Abu Dhabi as the permanent capital of the United Arab Emirates.
Legacy.
Even in the Emirates, few are aware of the planned capital. However, some references to Al Karama remain in the infrastructure of the United Arab Emirates; for example, telephone area code 01 remains reserved for the city.
Future.
In 2008, the Ruler of Abu Dhabi, Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, announced a plan to build a new federal capital for the United Arab Emirates. To be called the Capital District, the capital will be located 15–20 km from Abu Dhabi near Khalifa City and, by 2030, would support a population of up to three million.

</doc>
<doc id="31129645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129645" title="Črmošnjice, Semič">
Črmošnjice, Semič

Črmošnjice (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies on the eastern edge of the Gottschee region that used to be inhabited by Gottschee Germans expelled in 1941 during the Second World War. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. 
Name.
Črmošnjice was first attested in 1264 as "Scherczenicz" (and as "Zcermesniza" in 1295, "Tschermoznicz" in 1353, and "Tschermoschnitz" in 1421). The name is derived from archaic Slovene "čremoš, čremož" 'ramsons' (today "čemaž" in Slovene) and thus refers to the local vegetation. The name of the town also appears in the clipped forms "Maschen" in 1614 and "Moschen" in 1754. In the 19th century the German name was "Tschermoschnitz".
Church.
The local parish church is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and belongs to Roman Catholic Diocese of Novo Mesto. It dates to the 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31129649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129649" title="Mal, Dance and Soul">
Mal, Dance and Soul

Mal, Dance and Soul is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1987 and first released on the German Tutu label. 

</doc>
<doc id="31129654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129654" title="American Merchant Mariners' Memorial">
American Merchant Mariners' Memorial

The American Merchant Mariners' Memorial is a memorial sculpture located in the Hudson River just off the western edge of Battery Park. It is sited on a stone breakwater just south of Pier A, and connected to the pier by a dock.
It was designed by the sculptor Marisol Escobar and dedicated on 8 October 1991. The bronze sculpture depicts four merchant seamen with their sinking vessel after it had been attacked by a U-boat during World War II. One of the seamen is in the water, and is covered by the sea with each high tide. The sculpture is loosely based on a real photograph of crewmen of the "SS Muskogee" that was taken by the commander of an attacking submarine. All died at sea.
The memorial was commissioned by the American Merchant Mariners' Memorial, Inc., chaired by AFL-CIO president Lane Kirkland.

</doc>
<doc id="31129671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129671" title="Yale Schola Cantorum">
Yale Schola Cantorum

The Yale Schola Cantorum is a 24-voice vocal ensemble jointly sponsored by the Yale School of Music and the Yale Institute of Sacred Music. The Schola Cantorum is open by audition to any student at Yale University, although most of its singers are affiliated with the School of Music. Simon Carrington founded the ensemble in 2003, and in 2009 Masaaki Suzuki assumed the directorship.
The ensemble has quickly established its repute, touring nationally and internationally, and having released six CDs in the eight years since its founding.

</doc>
<doc id="31129676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129676" title="Miss Asia Pacific 1970">
Miss Asia Pacific 1970

Miss Asia Pacific 1970 is the third edition of Miss Asia Pacific Pageant and was held in Philippines, 15 delegates were competed in this edition. Zeenat Aman representing India won this title. For the first time, India crowned the title of Miss Asia Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="31129679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129679" title="Mr Prime Minister">
Mr Prime Minister

Mr Prime Minister is a 2005 Bollywood film produced, directed and written by Dev Anand for Navketan films. The film stars himself, Shahbaz Khan, Prem Chopra, Boman Irani, Milind Gunaji, A.K. Hangal.

</doc>
<doc id="31129686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129686" title="Carl Wimmer">
Carl Wimmer

Carl Daniel Wimmer (born June 30, 1975) was a member of the Utah House of Representatives. He resigned from Utah's legislature in 2012 to run for the United States House of Representatives. 
Early life, education, and law enforcement career.
Wimmer was born in 1975 in Salt Lake, Utah. He was raised in Herriman, Utah. He attended Utah Peace Officer Standards and Training and Salt Lake Community College, and is currently working towards his B.A. In Religious studies at Liberty University.
He was a police officer for the West Valley City and South Jordan City Police Departments, and currently works as a police officer for Gunnison City. He is a member of the American Center for Law and Justice and a lifetime member of the National Rifle Association (NRA). He was awarded a Police Star in 2006, South Jordan Officer of the Year in 2001, and the Outstanding Service Award in 2004. He also owned a small landscaping company.
Utah House of Representatives.
Elections.
In 2006, he ran for Utah's Herriman-based 52nd House District, vacated by incumbent Republican State Representative Dave Hogue, who ran for the Utah Senate. He won the primary with 57% of the vote, and the general election with 66% of the vote. He won re-election in 2008 with 65% and in 2010 with 79%.
Tenure.
In the state legislature, Wimmer introduced the Sudden Cardiac Arrest Survival Act, which was signed into law in 2009. The bill disbanded the statewide automatic external defibrillator (AED) database, replacing it with systems operated by local emergency medical dispatch centers, and amended civil liability immunity provisions pertaining to AEDs. 
In 2010, Wimmer introduced legislation prohibiting a state agency or department from implementing federal health care reform passed by Congress after March 1, 2010, without the state legislature's authorization. 
He was the first legislator in the nation to introduce a state constitutional amendment mandating that union organizing be done by secret ballot, as a direct response to federal card check legislation. 
He got an A+ from the NRA and lead the movement to defeat the ban on legally concealed weapons at the University of Utah. He also sponsored legislation to increase penalties for Utahns convicted of drive-by shootings by requiring that such crimes be prosecuted as aggravated assault and allowing prosecutors to simultaneously pursue felony charges of illegally discharging a firearm.
Wimmer lead the fight in Utah against abortion, introducing several bills relating to abortion, including legislation protecting doctors and hospitals who refuse to perform abortion on religious grounds, blocking a provision in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act would allow state health insurance exchanges to provide coverage for abortions, and requiring clinics that provide abortion services to apply for a license and be subject to a biannual inspection.
Wimmer supports repealing the Sixteenth Amendment.
Other political activities.
He is a co-founder of the state sovereignty group, The Patrick Henry Caucus, a nationwide coalition of legislators and grassroots activists who are committed to restoring the balance of power between states and the federal government. He is a national board member of Pass the Balanced Budget Amendment. He is also the Chairman of the Utah Family Action Council.
2012 congressional election.
Wimmer resigned from his Utah house seat in January 2012 to run for the newly created Utah's 4th congressional district. He lost at the Republican state convention to Mia Love. Mia Love lost to incumbent, Jim Matheson.
Personal life.
Carl Wimmer is a devout Christian, He is married to his wife Sherry, and they have three children as well as two foster boys who both have severe disabilities. They reside in Herriman, Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="31129692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129692" title="Jarvis Street Baptist Church">
Jarvis Street Baptist Church

The Jarvis Street Baptist Church is a Baptist church located at the intersection of Gerrard Street and Jarvis Street in downtown Toronto, Ontario. One of the oldest churches in the city, its congregation was founded in 1818, and the present church constructed in 1875.
History.
Early records indicate that by 1827, church meetings were held at the Masonic Hall on Colborne Street. The congregation then bought property on Lombard Street and constructed a small chapel in 1832. It was then known also as the Baptist Church of York. By 1848, the congregation had moved to Bond Street and became known simply as Bond Street Baptist Church with a membership that grew to 400 by the late 1860s. Beginning with Bond Street and continuing through at Jarvis Street an outreach was begun further west which was established in 1880 as Beverley Street Baptist Church. (See also Toronto Chinese Baptist Church).
The present church was erected on Jarvis Street in 1875, with a large donation to the construction costs from the Canadian Senator and banker, William McMaster. The newly formed Baptist Union of Canada held its first meeting at Jarvis Street in October, 1880. 
In 1882, William McMaster, William Elliot, (a member of Jarvis Street and a Toronto Pharmacist/Businessman), and others established the Standard Publishing Company, which published the "Canadian Baptist", transferring that enterprise from private ownership to a denominational enterprise.
"In 1888 the Western Convention, while in session in Jarvis St. Church, Toronto, passed the following resolution: "Whereas this question of Union has been carefully considered, both by the Society in the East and by us, therefore, resolved, that we do now receive the Eastern Society into union with us."
The new convention was to be called, 'the Baptist Convention of Ontario and Quebec.'" It is ironic that less than 40 years later the same Convention passed a resolution calling for the dismissal of Jarvis St. and a number of other like-minded congregations during the "Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy".
Pastors.
The congregations's past ministers include John Harvard Castle (1830-1890), who became pastor in 1873 (while at Bond St.) and later played an instrumental role in founding the Toronto Baptist College serving as its first President and Professor of Systematic Theology and Christian Ethics. Benjamin Daniel Thomas (1843-1917) served from October 1881 - July 1903 and was once referred to as "the best-loved Baptist minister in Canada." Henry Francis Perry (1861- ) served from 1903-1909 leaving for a pastorate at First Baptist Church Vancouver, British, Columbia. During his pastorate he also taught at McMaster. He was followed by Thomas Todhunter Shields who held the pastorate from 1910 until his death in 1955. It was during Shields' tenure that a disastrous fire severely damaged the building in 1938. Shields supervised the rebuilding and insisted that the new spire be an exact replica of the old one.
Architecture.
The Jarvis Street Baptist Church was designed in the Gothic Revival style by the architectural firm of Henry Langley and Edmund Burke who served for many years at Jarvis Street Baptist Church as a Sunday-school teacher, chair of the choir committee, and deacon. It was one of the first churches in Canada to be built with an amphitheatre-shaped interior. The ground floor seating is grouped in a semicircle, while the gallery above is horseshoe shaped.
The main façade of the building is made out brown stone that is obtained from the regions of Queenstown. The stone is laid unevenly with a pattern that varies in different shades of browns and dark yellows. The material used for the roof is Canadian slate. The roof is constructed from a series of pitched segments that are centrally connected by a horizontally sliced dome. There are eight entrances, each consisting of solid oak double doors framed with pointed sandstone arches. Several of these doors have been blocked off with black cast iron gates. Triangular sets of small rosette windows are placed above every door to fill the space in between the entrance and the top of the arch. The building has number of columns with slim tall shape and different capitals that are loosely based on a Corinthian order. The capitals are made of gray stone while the columns are of a high quality bronze shaded granite found in St. George, New Brunswick. The main entrance is set under the only tower of the building facing the south west side which serves as a vertical axis to the building. A copper spire sits on top of the tower, adding approximately nine metres to the existing roof height. In addition to the vertical axis the building also has a horizontal symmetry axis that goes diagonally through the building. The flat-roofed extension of the church, built after the 1938 fire, was constructed with red brick masonry which contrasts with the charred Queenston façade. 
Tall, thin arched windows cover the walls of the church, with the exception of the extension building whose windows are rectangular. The windows are divided into squares and diamonds of yellow and colourless textured glass. Many of the windows are aligned with one another. However a few of the smaller windows are offset to form a step-like pattern. The white wood framing of the windows contrasts with the colourful exterior stone. The building is heavily decorated with ornaments at the top of every pitched roof and throughout the spire. Gargoyles align with the entrance doors, and rippled arches are engraved in the building.
Context.
The building is situated in the centre of a group of fast food restaurants, corner stores, apartment buildings, and townhouses. It is the neighbour of the Allen Gardens Park as well as St. Andrew's Evangelical Lutheran Church (originally Old St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church). The interior of St. Andrew's, also designed by Langley and Burke, is said to resemble that of the original Jarvis Street Baptist Church. In comparison to its surroundings the building is very large on both vertical and horizontal planes. At the time of construction it was very likely one of the tallest buildings in the area.
Jarvis Street Baptist Church in the 21st century.
According to the church's pastor, the congregation adheres in principle to a Calvinistic Baptist theology. It is a member of the Sovereign Grace Fellowship of Canada. The Toronto Baptist Seminary and Bible College is adjacent to the church, and closely associated with it.
In addition to community worship, visitation and prayer meetings, the church hosts a variety of study groups, fellowships and activities including a Bible school for all ages, Mandarin Bible study, college and careers seminars, the Kidz club for 7-14 year-olds, and women's and couples' fellowships. The church also has its own library known as the Bookroom. Jarvis Street Baptist Church Sunday morning services are broadcast on WDCX-FM.

</doc>
<doc id="31129703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129703" title="Bunker Palace Hôtel">
Bunker Palace Hôtel

Bunker Palace Hôtel is a 1989 French post-apocalyptic film by comics artist Enki Bilal.
In the imaginary dictatorship of a futuristic world, rebellion has broken out. The men in power scramble to the 'Bunker Palace Hotel', a bunker built long ago for this contingency. A rebel spy sneaks in and observes the raving of the powerful and decadent inhabitants. They wonder what has happened to their leader, who has not arrived.
Production.
The film was filmed in Belgrade, Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="31129708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129708" title="Sara Zaker">
Sara Zaker

Sara Zaker is a theater and television actor, entrepreneur and social activist from Bangladesh.
Early life.
She initially started off in the field of hard core science with a major in Biochemistry. She completed her BA Honors and Masters from Dhaka University in English Literature. She was also trained at the British Theatre Institute in 1981.
Career.
Sara Zaker's professional career began in 1995 in the field of Market Research. She is the Managing Director of MRC Mode Ltd, a market research company in Bangladesh. She is working as the project head of Nayantara Communications since its inception in 2004. Nayantara is the co-producer of Sesame Workshop New York in producing "Sisimpur", the Bengali edition of the "Sesame Street". She is also the executive director of Asiatic Marketing Communications Limited, director of Asiatic Events Marketing Limited, and the managing director of Ddhoni Chitra Ltd.
Acting.
Sara Zaker has been active on the stage as an actress since 1973. She works with Nagorik Natya Sampradaya, a leading theatre group of Bangladesh that produced, among other plays, adaptations of Molière’s "Les Femmes Savantes", Edward Albee’s "Everything in the Garden", Albert Camus’s "Le Malentendu", Bertolt Brecht’s "The Good Person of Szechwan" & "Mr Puntila and his Man Matti", Carl Zuckmayer’s "The Captain of Kopenick", William Shakespeare’s "Macbeth", Irwin Shaw’s "Bury the Dead" and Anton Chekov’s "The Sea Gull".
With over a thousand appearances on stage, Sara Zaker’s important performances include Kona in Badal Sircar’s Baki Itihas (The Other Side of History, 1973), Shen Te/ Shui Ta in an adaptation of Brecht’s "Der Gute Mensch von Sezuan" in, 1976 ("The Good Person of Sezuan"; directed by Aly Zaker featuring Asaduzzaman Noor as Yang Sun and Abul Hayat as Wang), and Jubati in Syed Shamsul Huq’s "Irsha" ("Jealousy"; directed by Ataur Rahman). She was the director of critically acclaimed production of "Mukhosh", (an adaptation of Ariel Dorfman’s "Death and the Maiden" (featuring Hayat as the Lawyer and Noor as the Doctor, 1993).
Activism.
Sara Zaker is a founding member of the Board of Trustees of Liberation War Museum of Bangladesh.
Personal life.
Sara Zaker is married to actor Aly Zaker. They have two children Iresh Zaker and Sriya Sharbojoya. Both Iresh and Sriya are working in Asiatic Marketing Communications Limited as an executive director and a brand communication manager respectively. Iresh Zaker is also an actor and entrepreneur.

</doc>
<doc id="31129710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129710" title="Lochte (surname)">
Lochte (surname)

Lochte is a German surname found in both Germany and the United States.
Those bearing it include:

</doc>
<doc id="31129712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129712" title="Montebello, Quebec railway station">
Montebello, Quebec railway station

Montebello railway station was a Canadian Pacific railway station in Montebello, Quebec, which served the nearby Château Montebello hotel and the community of Montebello. Like the hotel, it was built of Red Cedar logs.
The building now serves as a tourist information centre.

</doc>
<doc id="31129716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129716" title="Peter Oatey">
Peter Oatey

Peter E. Oatey (born 1946-1947) is a former South Australian sportsman who played both Australian rules football and tennis. He appeared in two Australian Championships and played for the Norwood Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
Oatey played 120 SANFL games with Norwood, from 1965 to 1972. He is the son of Jack Oatey and brother of Robert Oatey, both South Australian Football Hall of Fame inductees.
He partnered Ian Bidmeade in the 1967 Australian Championship doubles but they were eliminated in the opening round, by Americans Jim McManus and Jim Osborne.
In the 1968 Australian Championships he had more success, reaching the quarter finals of the doubles with his partner Barry Phillips-Moore. They defeated eighth seeds William Coghlan and Colin Stubbs in the opening round, in five sets. In the next round they had a walkover win over the Japanese pair, Jun Kamiwazumi and Toshiro Sakai. Their quarterfinal encounter with the number one seeds, William Bowrey and Ray Ruffels, proved too much and they exited in straight sets.
Oatey also competed in the singles draw and again encountered William Coghlan in the first round, this time losing in four sets. Had Oatey won he would have met his own doubles partner, Phillips-Moore, in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="31129736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129736" title="Chapter 3 of the Syrian Constitution">
Chapter 3 of the Syrian Constitution

Chapter 3 of the Syrian Constitution is the third part of the Syrian constitution introduced on 13 March 1973. The chapter contains 19 articles in three parts. It discusses the structure and powers of the judiciary as well as constitutional amendments.
Court Judges and Public Prosecutors.
Article 131 of the constitution stipulates that the president of the republic shall guarantee the independence of the judiciary and the judges with the help of the High Judicial Council. The president also presides over the High Judicial Council. The constitution states that verdicts in Syrian courts shall be issued "in the name of the Arab people of Syria." It also stipulates that the Minister of Justice shall preside over the office of the public prosecutor.
The Supreme Constitutional Court.
The constitution defines the Supreme Constitutional Court as the highest judicial body in the republic. It is composed by four judges appointed by the president by decree, and the president himself. Members of the court serve renewable four-year terms and may not combine their position with any other official capacity in the legislative or executive authorities. The court has power to examine the constitutionality of laws passed by the People's Assembly, but may not examine laws passed by a referendum. The court also handles electoral disputes and the trial of the president.
Article 143 of the constitution defines the oath taken by members of the Supreme Constitutional Court as follows:
"I swear by the Almighty to respect the country's Constitution and laws and to carry out my duty with impartiality and loyalty."
Amending the Constitution.
Proposals to amend the constitution can be submitted through the president or at least two-thirds of the People's Council. Amendments must be approved by both the president and a two-thirds majority in the People's Council. The Syrian constitution has seen very few amendements since it was adopted in 1973. Most notable of these was the amendment to require the president to be of the Muslim faith, and the one lowering the mandatory minimum age of the president from 40 to 34 years.

</doc>
<doc id="31129750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129750" title="Lives of Omission">
Lives of Omission

Lives of Omission is a 2011 Hong Kong television drama produced by TVB under executive producer Chong Wai-kin. The drama is a spin-off of TVB's successful television crime drama "E.U." and a distant sequel to the 2009 film "Turning Point", with Michael Tse reprising his role as "Laughing Gor." "Lives of Omission" premiered on 1 August 2011 and ended on 9 September 2011 with a total of 30 episodes. It is Hong Kong's second highest-rating serial drama of 2011, and won Best Drama at the 2011 TVB Anniversary Awards.
"Lives of Omission" centers around a squad of undercover officers from the Criminal Intelligence Bureau (CIB) of the Hong Kong Police Force, who are closely following the activities of Yee Fung (義豐), a large triad society. Experienced undercover officer Laughing (Tse), station sergeant of the CIB, promises to help gangster Michael (Bosco Wong) move up in the triad under the circumstance that he works as Laughing's informant.
Plot.
After Laughing (Michael Tse) successfully completes a long term undercover mission in Mainland China, CIB Director Superintendent Harry Kung (Damian Lau) recruits Laughing into his department to become a teacher to new recruits. On Laughing's very first day, he encounters woman that greatly resembles his former lover, Karen (from the film); she is Laughing's new commander and second lead in CIB, Senior Inspector Jodie Chau (both played by Fala Chen). Together, their assignment is to recruit and train rookies in the art of undercover. However, things do not go as smoothly as desired.
Laughing exhibits an unprofessional attitude in the CIB HQ and does many things without informing fellow agents; it often causes everyone to question his motives. While recruiting for new agents, he manages to reserve one agent for himself to choose. He ultimately chooses Lap Ching (Jin), a talented but problematic rookie under his wing. With their team assembled, they begin training them in the art of undercover police investigation and the methods of the trade. 
For years, the CIB has been trying to crack down the one of Hong Kong's largest triads, Yee Fung. As both a means of training and to investigate against Yee Fung, Laughing and Jodie have their rookies investigate "Lat Keung" ("Spicy Ginger", Ben Wong). To further dig deeper into Yee Fung's group, Lap Ching was sent in as a low-level gang and pimp to feed CIB information as they work, one of Yee Fung's major figureheads. In between this time, Laughing chooses to work with Michael So (Bosco Wong), a crippled low-level gangster in Yee Fung. Seeing his ambition, Laughing and Michael has a mutual manipulative relationship to help each other benefit in their own situation. Ultimately, the operation is considered a success as it detains and charges many of Spicy Ginger's group in illegal prostitution and racketeering. In the process, Michael raises within the ranks of Yee Fung and gains notoriety. 
The results of the mission do not sit well with Laughing as he knows Michael went behind his back and did many things to help himself rise; unfortunately, even with Laughing's skills, he can not take down Michael. Using his intellect, Michael quickly rises higher and eventually becomes the leader of his own group within Yee Fung. Using the power of the internet, he creates brand new inventive ways to sell drugs at a record pace.
Laughing tries to help another rookie go undercover in attempt to stop Michael, but the process leaves his agent brain damaged and reduced to a wheelchair for the rest of his life. In order to stop Yee Fung, Laughing agrees to become an undercover agent for a fourth time. Using his frustration over his rookie's demise as a ploy, Laughing creates a situation where his behavior could no longer be tolerated by the Police Force and have him kicked out and even sent to jail. All of this trouble to establish his credibility to be considered by Yee Fung. 
Not long after, Yee Fung's Dragon Head, Mok Yat-lit (Cheung Kwok-keung), notices Laughing's talents and recruits him as his new star member. Working alongside Michael, the duo begin to gain territories and investments which impresses all of Yee Fung. In between undercover work, Laughing and Jodie become romantically involved. Being Laughing's handler, Jodie tries to keep their relationship professional, but Laughing doesn't make it easy for her. In order to dig in deeper for dirt on Mok Yat-lit, Laughing wins the heart of Yat-lit's mistress to discover his secret cocaine stash. However, to their surprise, Yat-lit escapes capture because he has planted a mole within CIB.
Ultimately, Yat-lit is sent to jail. Under the advice of his lawyers, he manipulates his mistress to take the fall for the bulk of his recent crimes and he agrees to plead guilty under lesser charges for a few months in jail. However, even in jail, Yat-lit's influence on Yee Fung still remains strong. Sensing the ambitious nature of Michael, he has one of his lieutenants kill Michael; ironically, the lieutenant sides with Michael and has him killed in the jail shower. After his death, Michael wins the election and becomes the new Dragon Head of Yee Fung.
After gaining Yee Fung, Michael sets his sights to greater goals by joining a secret black organization: ETHER. Ether is a group of influential businessmen that share their resources together to mutually gain greater riches than either could've done individually. Ether eventually fell as Laughing's interventions eventually leads to the downfall of both Ether and Yee Fung. The majority of the Ether members escape, but they were all suspicious of Michael as one of them heard from a police mole that Michael had damaging evidence against them in his home. To prevent further doubt, Michael blames it all of the accusations on his wife, Paris (Kate Tsui). He then shoots her and throws her body over the water to prevent further doubt. However, all the Ether members are eventually tracked and arrested, except for Michael.
During a confrontation with Michael, Jodie is captured as a hostage in an industrial building. When the members of Ether were arrested, their utility rings were also confiscated. These rings contained an alarm system as well as a laser decoder that flashed the numbers of a secret account containing vast riches. With all except Michael arrested, Michael is left to gain access to that secret account. The hostage situation doesn't go well; Michael has to flee, but he flings Jodie over the hangar to her death. Enraged with her death, Laughing lures Michael out and kills him by shooting him in the chest. After the cops arrive, Laughing is arrested and found guilty of murder. For his crime, he is jailed for life. 
After these occurrences, director Kung retired from CIB. Lap Ching would become a decorated CIB agent and returned to the undercover life. It was revealed that Paris's death was faked. In a letter, Michael explained their ploy to gain control of Ether could've been too much if exposed; the only way to gain trust was to fake her death. Paris had secretly hidden herself in a country house for untold time to avoid the lash of Ether. Laughing continues to live out his life sentence in jail, but under the hateful watch of criminals he helped incarcerate.
Production.
A costume fitting was held on 7 March 2011 at Tseung Kwan O TVB City Studio One at 12:30PM. and filming started on 21 March and wrapped up on 5 July where a hot pot banquet was held in Senfuku located in Tsim Sha Tsui at 8:30PM. 
Reception.
Viewership ratings.
The following is a table that includes a list of the total ratings points based on television viewership. "Viewers in millions" refers to the number of people, derived from Jade ratings (including HD Jade), in Hong Kong who watched the episode live. The peak number of viewers are in brackets.
Sequel.
A direct film sequel to this drama, titled "Turning Point 2" (《Laughing Gor之潛罪犯》) started filming in October. Tse will continue to reprise his role, whereas Wong and Chen, whose characters both died, may return in cameo roles. Veteran actor Francis Ng has also been confirmed to join the film. Miss Hong Kong 2011 winner Rebecca Zhu will play the female lead. Wong, Tsui and Au-yeung will also participate in the film whereas Chen due to her character will not take part. New cast members include Chapman To, Kara Hui, Janice Man, Liu Kai-chi, King Kong, Ram Cheung and Lau Siu Ming. The premiere of the film was held on 19 December and was theatrically released on 29 December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31129771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129771" title="GHH">
GHH

GHH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31129804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129804" title="2011 Big 12 Women's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Big 12 Women's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Big 12 Women's Basketball Championship, known for sponsorship reasons as the 2011 Phillips 66 Big 12 Women's Basketball Championship, was the 2011 edition of the Big 12 Conference's championship tournament. The tournament was held at the Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City from 8 March until 12 March 2011. The Quarterfinals, Semifinals, and Finals were televised on Fox Sports Net. The championship game, held on March 12, 2011, featured the number 1 seeded Baylor Lady Bears, and the number 2 seeded Texas A&M Aggies. Baylor won the contest by a 61-58 margin.
Player Honors.
Most Outstanding Player - Brittney Griner
All-Tournament Team - Brittney Griner, Melissa Jones, Danielle Adams, Tyra White, Danielle Robinson

</doc>
<doc id="31129806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129806" title="Malevil (film)">
Malevil (film)

Malevil is a 1981 post-apocalyptic French film directed by Christian de Chalonge. It's the adaptation of the 1972 science fiction novel "Malevil" by Robert Merle.

</doc>
<doc id="31129829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129829" title="Ishari K Ganesh">
Ishari K Ganesh

Ishari K Ganesh is the founder Chairman and Chancellor of the Vels University in Chennai, India.
He founded the Vael's Educational Trust in 1992 in the memory of his late father Shri.Isari Velan, a former minister in the state government of M. G. Ramachandran.
He is the president of the Pachaiyappa's Trust board. 
He is the secretary of the consortium of colleges affiliated to The Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University.

</doc>
<doc id="31129842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129842" title="Shor in the City">
Shor in the City

Shor in the City is a 2011 Hindi film directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K. starring Tusshar Kapoor, Sendhil Ramamurthy, Preeti Desai, Girija Oak, Radhika Apte, Nikhil Dwivedi, Pitobash Tripathy, Sundeep Kishan, and Amit Mistry. The background score of the film was composed by Roshan Machado. The first look of the film was unveiled on 21 March 2011 while the film was released in India on 28 April 2011.
Plot.
The film revolves around five central characters in the city of Mumbai. Tilak (Tusshar Kapoor) is a small time publisher of pirated books who along with his friends Mandook (Pitobash Tripathy) and Ramesh (Nikhil Dwivedi) kidnaps a famous author and forces him to give the manuscript of his latest book to them so that they will be the first ones to publish it. Abhay (Sendhil Ramamurthy) is a NRI who returns to India to start his own small business and meets Shalmili (Preeti Desai). Sawan (Sundeep Kishan) is a young cricketer hoping to break into the under-22 Mumbai cricket team. The story focuses on their trials and tribulations as they battle life in the city of Mumbai during the chaotic period of the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi.
The film tries to deal with concepts of chance, the constant struggle between hope and despair and self-actualization. The opening of the movie starts with the song "Karma is a bitch" which fits in with the central theme of the story where the characters of the film keep trying to come to terms with their own actions. Abhay has a dark past which is not revealed in the film but it can be speculated that he came to India to stay away from it. Tilak initially holds himself responsible for the tragic accident that happens in the movie which brings him closer to his wife and viewing life from a different perspective. The goons who traumatize Abhay eventually end up being shot by their own bullets on the day of Ganesha Visarjan indicating to an extent the influence of "God" in the movie. Tilak gets a new life and finds his treasure at home. Sawan who is financially pressed decides to keep the money he finds at the bank robbery and gives up on the cricket selections- a choice he could have well chosen not to take. Towards the end of the movie all characters move on different paths.
Production.
"Shor in the City" was made on a small budget of 30 million and a further 27.5 million on P&A, with total investment coming to around 60 million .Trade analysts estimated that around 50% of this will be recovered from non-theatrical revenue but as always its the theatrical revenue that decides a films fate at the box office. Balaji Motion Pictures, head of distribution and acquisition Girish Johar says "We gave "Shor in the City" a tight release of around 500 screens across the country and the film found appreciation. It grossed around 38.5 million in just 4 days and adding the revenue from non-theatrical rights, the whole investment on the film has been more than recovered."
Reception.
Critical response.
The film was well received by critics. Nikhat Kazmi of "The Times of India" awarded it four stars out of five and stated "With a zany screenplay (Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK), excellent cinematography by Tushar Kanti Ray and peppy music by Sachin-Jigar, "Shor in the City" is another breaking-norm film from Ekta Kapoor". Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave it three and a half stars and wrote ""Shor in the City" belongs to one of those rare categories of movies with sensibilities that would not only entice the festival crowd and the cinema literate, but also lure the ardent moviegoer." Aniruddha Guha of the "Daily News and Analysis" gave it three stars and said ""Shor in the City" is the kind of reassuring film you yearn to watch amid, well, what 'Bollywood' has to offer every week. Also, it articulates something you have only probably thought before – 'Karma IS a bitch.'" Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN awarded three and a half stars saying "A delicious mix of quirky humor, gruesome violence, and surprising sensitivity, "Shor in the City" works on the strength of its smart script and consistent performances from its ensemble cast." Rediff awarded the film four stars and said "Raj-Krishna's Shor in the City robotically registers itself in Indian cinema's history." Anupama Chopra of NDTV gave the movie four stars and wrote ""Shor in the City" is a terrific film. It’s surprising and disturbing and has a vein of rich, dark humor coursing through it." Shubhra Gupta of the "Indian Express" gave it a three star rating and commented "What makes "Shor in the City" an instant clutter-breaker is its darkly comic treatment. It makes you smile because its humour comes from within. It’s not grafted. And it’s got heart : we feel for the characters."
Tushar Joshi of MiD DAY gave it a four star rating and wrote "Loaded with humor, sarcasm and wit. That truly is the beauty of the makers who succeed in arresting you with their tales. The spectacular climax is easily one of the best written in recent times."
Karan Anshuman of Mumbai Mirror gave it a four star rating, saying "Three stories, eleven days, myriad layers, believable characters, fine performances, spirited direction, taut script, momentary explosions of originality."
Boxoffice.
"Shor in the City" nett. grossed in India. "Shor in the City" also opened poorly at around 10–15% in 475 cinemas(500 screens) in India. It was estimated that the film has advantage of low costs which should be recovered but theatrical business may not be much. Shor in the City grossed around 17.5 million nett over the first weekend. Its best business was in some Mumbai multiplexes. "Shor in the City" grossed 35.0 million nett approx in its first week. The distributor share is 1.75 approx. "Shor in the City" made no headway on the weekdays.
Awards.
"Shor in the City" was officially selected for the Pusan International Film Festival and the Dubai International Film Festival in 2010. The film won the Best Director Award for Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK at MIAAC in New York.
Soundtrack.
The songs are composed by Sachin-Jigar and Harpeet. Two songs from Harpreet were taken from his Sufi compilation called "Teri Justujoo" released by Sony in 2008. Lyrics are penned by Sameer and Priya Panchal. "Shor in the City" Soundtrack Tops The Charts in few days. The song Karma Is a Bitch is influenced from Ida Maria's Bad Karma.

</doc>
<doc id="31129868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129868" title="Donna Lynne Champlin">
Donna Lynne Champlin

Donna Lynne Champlin (born in Rochester, New York) is an actress from New York City. She is married to actor Andrew Arrow.
Early life.
Her burgeoning career began at the age of four, when she performed a tap solo in a local variety show. She participated in various lessons, theatre productions, and national, and international competitions throughout her childhood, in voice, piano, flute, theatre and dance.
She went on to study at the Carnegie Mellon University and Oxford University. While still in college, she performed as Dorothy in "The Wizard of Oz" with Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera.
Career.
This was followed by taking the title role of "Very Warm for May", her Broadway debut in "James Joyce's The Dead", then "By Jeeves", "Hollywood Arms", "", "Billy Elliot the Musical", and "The Dark At The Top of the Stairs", for which she won the 2007 Obie Award. Other credits include: "No, No Nanette", "Very Good Eddie", "First Lady Suite", "Harold and Maude", "My Life With Albertine", "Bloomer Girl", and "Jolson". She also performed with Len Cariou in the Simply Sondheim inaugural concert which celebrated the opening of the Sondheim Center for the Performing Arts.
Her awards include the aforementioned 2007 OBIE award, the Princess Grace Award, the title of National Tap Dance Champion four consecutive times, and she has received grants from the National Foundation for Advancement in the Arts, The Anna Sosenko Trust, and has received The Charlie Willard Memorial Grant.
Her film and television credits include "The Dark Half", the 2000 and 2006 Annual Tony Awards, "The View", "Law & Order", "The Rosie O'Donnell Show", and "Live with Regis and Kelly".
Donna released a critically acclaimed solo album entitled "Old Friends", performs a one-woman show entitled "Finishing the Hat", and teaches acting at the Carnegie Mellon University, the University of Hartford, and New York University.

</doc>
<doc id="31129870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31129870" title="Runs n' Ruins">
Runs n' Ruins

Runs n' Ruins is a book written by Sunil Gavaskar chronicling the events that took place during the 1983 cricket season. It was published by Rupa & Co.
Premise.
The book chronicles the events after the 1983 Cricket World Cup. Pakistan and West Indies were about to tour the country. Gavaskar describes the events leading up to and during the 2 tours.
The tour by Pakistan.
Sunil Gavaskar at that time had 27 test centuries to his credit. The world record for the most centuries, 29 was held by Don Bradman. In the lead up to this series, there was considerable excitement about the upcoming milestone. The Indian team warmed up for this series by playing a Day Night one day international at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Delhi. It was the first cricket game in India to be played under lights.
The tour began with an unofficial ODI game played at Hyderabad. Pakistan batted first and compiled 151 for 8 in their allotted 46 overs. Javed Miandad top scored with 66. India chased the target comfortably and won the game by 4 wickets. Mohinder Amarnath top scored with 60, continuing his good form. This game also marked the first time that Sunil Gavaskar used his famous fiberglass skull cap.
Zaheer Abbas walks off.
The first test was played at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bangalore. Dilip Vengsarkar and Ravi Shastri were dropped from the team and Dilip Doshi was recalled. The test was marred by bad weather and also a controversial walk off by captain Zaheer Abbas. India managed 275 in their first innings largely due to a 155 run partnership between Madan Lal and Roger Binny. Riding on Javed Miandad's 99, Pakistan managed to eke out a slender lead of 13 runs. By this time, the game was heading to a draw and the only reason to continue was to see if Gavaskar reached his 28th test hundred. Gavaskar mentions a meeting between noted Dadar Union player and coach Vasu Paranjape, astrologist Jitu Patel and himself, where the astrologist predicted that Gavaskar would score his hundred on 19 September 1983.
On 19 September, the last day of the match, after having bowled out Pakistan, Gavaskar walked out to bat with Anshuman Gaekwad to open the second innings. The real controversy came in the last session. Under the playing regulations, a minimum of 77 overs had to be bowled on every day, but on the last day they also had to bowl 20 in the final hour regardless of how many overs had been bowled up to then. On the final morning, Zaheer sought out Madhav Gothoskar, the umpire and asked for clarification of the rules and he confirmed that all mandatory overs had to be bowled, regardless of the state of the game.
Gavaskar writes in the book 
""If his intention was to waste time so that fewer overs were bowled before the mandatory overs count began, then he was partly successful. If his intentions were to disturb the concentration of the batsmen, then he failed.""
After tea, Gavaskar nearing his 28th test hundred opened up and started scoring freely. After the end of the 14th mandatory over, Zaheer Abbas walked off the field with his team without informing the umpires. Sunil Gavaskar and Anshuman Gaekwad stayed at the wicket. 
Gavaskar writes that
""The umpires were stunned and did not know what was happening. Technically we had won the match at that point but in cases like this, and particularly in Indo-Pak cricket, a little flexibility is to be allowed.""
Umpire Gothoskar, issued an ultimatum to the Pakistan cricket team. If they did not continue the game, India will be awarded the match. Pakistan relented and came back. 
Gavaskar -
""When play finally did start, I managed to get to my century in the twentieth over. As the ball streaked to the boundary, I glanced at Zaheer and he was already walking towards the pavilion along with his players and we followed.""
Rest of the Pakistan Series.
The tour shifted to the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Delhi for a day night one day international. The game was played to raise money for the Prime Minister's Relief fund. India won a thriller by one wicket. Kirti Azad starred in this game, with a knock of 71 not out and took 3 wickets with his bowling.
The second test match took place at the Gandhi Stadium, Jalandhar. This was the first ever test to be played at this ground. Rain once again played spoilsport and the match ended in a draw. The match is notable for Anshuman Gaekwad's patient 201 and Kapil Dev trapping Mohsin Khan LBW with the first ball of the match.
The third one day match was played at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium, Jaipur. Sandeep Patil scored a quickfire 50 and helped India win the match.
The final test match of the series took place at the Vidarbha Cricket Association Ground, Nagpur. Sandeep Patil had been dropped for this test match, but was recalled at the last minute when Mohinder Amarnath was declared unfit. Roger Binny despite having scores of 81 and 54 in the previous tests was dropped. 
Gavakar writes
""Binny was not selected. Instead a decision was taken to fly Sandeep Patil down from Bombay, although there was no way he could have reached Nagpur in time for the start of the game. Luckily, we batted first after overnight rain had delayed the start till after tea. Who exactly were the people who made the decision to ask Patil to fly down is not clear, though at the time it was announced that the team as a whole had met and insisted on Patil being asked to play. This is not true at all, because I do remember Kapil calling a meeting in the dressing room and informing the players, rather than asking their opinion. So it was quite clear that the decision was made by somebody else.""
The game ended as a draw with Ravi Shastri taking a five wicket haul.
Tour by West Indies.
The rest of the book chronicles the tour by West Indies. India lost the 6 match test series 3-0 as the Indian batting was stopped by the likes of Andy Roberts, Michael Holding and Malcolm Marshall. India, the reigning world champions hosted West Indies, the runner up in the 1983 Cricket World Cup final in a series of 5 ODI matches. The first one was played at the Sher-i-Kashmir Stadium, Srinagar.
Gavaskar describes the crowd as amongst the worst he has seen in his life. ""The crowd at the ground for our practice sessions was like any other crowd in India, anxious to see the players from near and shake hands, offer good wishes and ask for autographs. So when we arrived at the ground next morning to play, we were stunned by the change. As the Indian players came into the arena to loosen up and do their physical exercises, they were booed by some sections of the crowd. This was unbelievable. Here we were in India and being hooted even before a ball had been bowled. Being hooted at after a defeat is understandable, but this was incredible. Moreover, there were many in the crowd shouting pro-Pakistan slogans which confounded us, because we were playing the West Indies and not Pakistan. The West Indians were as surprised as we were but were obviously delighted to find support in their first big encounter against us after their defeat in the Prudential Cup finals."" India eventually lost the game by 26 runs. Gavaskar however stated that he would love to play in Srinagar again - ""I have been asked whether I would play in Srinagar again and my answer is 'Yes', because I believe one does not hold any grudge in cricket and in any case one swallow doesn't make a summer.""
India went on to lose the ODI series 5-0. Gavaskar scored his 29th century in the drawn 2nd test at Feroz Shah Kotla in New Delhi. Gavaskar brought out all the shots as he raced to his hundred in 94 balls. 
""Thus when I flicked a ball from Marshall past mid-on and it went off for a boundary, I was surprised when Dilip Vengsarkar stopped in the middle and said, 'Well played' and thrust his hand out. He must have known by the expression on my face that I did not know my score because he said, 'Bloody Hell, its your twenty-ninth.""
Gavaskar broke Bradman's world record during the 6th test at the M. A. Chidambaram Stadium, Chennai. India had decided to open the batting with Navjot Singh Sidhu and Anshuman Gaekwad. Gavaskar would bat at number 4. But Malcolm Marshall got rid of Gaekwad and Vengsarkar with India yet to open its account. Gavaskar recalls, ""At the end of Marshall's over, as the slip fielders crossed, Viv laughed and said, 'Maan, it makes no difference if you bat lower. The score is still zero.""
Along with breaking the world record for most centuries, Sunil Gavaskar went past the then Indian record for the highest score held by Vinoo Mankad.
India did not win a single game against the West Indies losing the test series 3-0

</doc>
