<doc id="30971124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971124" title="Customary law in South Africa">
Customary law in South Africa

South African customary law refers to that usually uncodified legal system developed and practised by the indigenous communities of South Africa. Customary law has been defined as
an established system of immemorial rules [...] evolved from the way of life and natural wants of the people, the general context of which was a matter of common knowledge, coupled with precedents applying to special cases, which were retained in the memories of the chief and his councilors, their sons and their sons' sons until forgotten, or until they became part of the immemorial rules.
Officially, in terms of the Recognition of Customary Marriages Act, "'customary law' means the customs and usages traditionally observed among the indigenous African peoples of South Africa and form part of the culture of those peoples." There is no clear distinction, then, between the religion, the culture and the law of such peoples.
Constitutional recognition of customary law.
Although there is the view that colonialists 'invented' customary law as a way to govern natives while under the auspices of paying tribute to their culture and heritage, some other writers have argued that customary law was not so much 'invented' by them, but 'manipulated' so as to conform the actual practices of the natives to their westernised ideals as part of their 'civilising mission'. These writers prefer to view the colonial influence more as 'imagination', rather than 'invention'.
Indirect rule and the genesis of official customary law.
Whether imagination or invention, colonial actors had a significant impact on the existence and articulation of customary law. Native law was officially recognised in 1848 but only insofar as it did not infringe humanitarian principles of "civilised society" – understood to be white society in that day. The Kafir Commission (1852–1853) attempted to codify what they termed Kafir law and wanted this law to govern people. This was the colonists attempt to control the native tribes. The commission suggested that polygamy and lobolo be outlawed and that there be a more civil approach to the administration of native affairs. This suggestion was however not sustained.
Mahmood Mamdani has emphasised the importance of Theophilus Shepstone's role in creating the system known today as indirect rule and, with it, official customary law. Mamdani named this system "decentralized despotism." This was a system whereby colonial authorities used customary law (which they felt at liberty to adapt from within its institutions and terms) as a form of rule over the majority black population. David Welsh argues that Shepstone's system of indirect rule formed the "roots of segregation in South Africa" – not only according to racial divisions but the system entrenched (or manufactured) ethnic divisions too. It provided a model for the rest of the country. After the first publication of the Natal Code the most notable commission of inquiry into customary law in Southern Africa took place in the Cape. At this inquiry Shepstone was consulted as the expert on the law of Africans in Natal.
Shepstone, as the highest colonial official in Natal, was responsible for all native affairs from the creation of the colony until his transfer to the Transvaal in 1877. Thomas McClendon broadly argues that one particular moment marked an important transition in the colonial state of Natal. This was the moment when Shepstone toured the African reserves of Natal to promulgate the "New Marriage Regulations and Fees of 1869." McClendon describes these regulations as "Draconian". These regulations asserted direct colonial control over African marriage practices, imposing large fees (taxes), limiting the payment of bride wealth and requiring an "official witness" appointed by the state to ensure that women entered into these marriages voluntarily and that new limits on bride wealth were not exceeded. These regulations challenged traditional African hierarchies and gender relations. The state now set out to alter and directly regulate the practices and relationships within African society for the purpose of receiving more revenue from Africans.
McClendon sees this as an example of the colonial states' refusal to hear the complaints of its African subjects and the unrestrained ability of the state to reshape African social and political institutions through law. Despite Shepstone's claims of success the actual effect of the new regulations were uncertain at best. The standardisation of bride wealth fees seemed to lack practicality and "subjects" found creative ways to get beyond the limit while applying the letter of the law. Yet, it did have some effect. From hereon, "he rituals of rule were to be less personal and more regular represented less by meetings and more by codes registers and account books." That is, government was moving away from the personal style of rule that Shepstone had, which emulated African chiefship, to a more bureaucratic and legalistic style of rule due to its increasing power and confidence. The codes referred to constitute what is now generally referred to as official customary law: a system of norms given expression by colonialists themselves, drawn in part from practices that they observed but also from restrictions placed on those practices by those in power. Account books are a metaphor for the economic strings that government pulled, that served as government's motivation in many ways. The stakes of colonialism had increased; discovery of diamonds in the 1860s in Griqualand accelerated and widened the colonial economy. This both created a vast need for cheap labour and expanded government's ability to tax natives who provided that wage labour.
Codification.
In all of the South African pre-union colonies, the object was to maintain control over conquered people. However there was much controversy over how to achieve this. Policies varied between strict assimilation and indirect rule in each of the colonies. There were sporadic attempts to codify Native law but due to the dynamic nature of living customary law (that is, the customary law that was lived by "native" peoples), this codification mostly served to shape future customary law artificially and dictated the administration of black populations, but not really the law they actually lived.
For instance, a system of assimilation was attempted in Natal in that European officers were vested with the necessary legal powers to administer native populations. However as resources dwindled, indirect rule was employed, thus local laws were to be regarded as far as possible but always subject to a repugnancy clause. Likewise, the Cape met customary law with a policy of assimilation. The assimilation was started by the abolition of slavery and lip service was given to the notion of 'rights to all', regardless of race. The government set up a commission in 1880 to enquire into native laws and customs with the objective of codifying criminal and civil law. The manner in which knowledge of the customary law was gathered was similar to that of Natal and used administrative officials as the primary source of knowledge with additional reference to experts and missionaries and as a last resort chiefs and headmen. However, natives were never used as a source of information for their own culture. However, many objections stifled assimilation, including the colonial objection to customary practices pertaining to inheritance and marriage, especially in regard to polygamy and bride prices.
Similar to the trend in Natal and other colonies, in time, the inclination towards assimilation waned in the Cape Colony and the need for indirect rule became apparent. Controlling a conquered people required the maintenance of a tribal system and the regulation of natives by their own laws. However these laws were kept very general, which left gaps for the colonial authority to fill as they required. The result was that the law for white persons was detailed, written and formal, whereas the law for black persons was simple, elastic and personal. This allowed for better control of natives.
The Northern Republics of South Africa (Transvaal and the Free State) were less inclined to allow or accommodate a system of African customary law that was separate to the Republican law. The Transvaal went to the extent of outlawing any polygamous marriage or a marriage that included bridewealth. With the British annexation in 1877, British policies of indirect rule changed the landscape of customary law recognition. To gain legitimacy and prevent "natives" from seeking justice from their own courts in rural areas, a native administration from Natal was sent to Transvaal. However as the occupation ended the Republican courts of Transvaal still refused to recognise any polygamous or customary marriages and indeed still did not provide for valid marriages for anyone but white people until 1897. It was feared that recognising African people in the law would inadvertently elevate their status to that of white people's. Customary law was therefore left with this uncertain status.
"Native" Participation and the Repugnancy Principle.
The historiography of customary law often fails to account for the ways that Africans continued to make their own history under the unelected conditions of colonialism and its repercussions. The history of South African customary law in particular has tended to exclude the contributions of Africans to the shaping of the law. Evidence shows Africans were written out of the record in many ways – especially since the many and most readily available (written) sources were ones prepared by colonisers. The paucity of records, invisibility of interpreters and failure to take testimonies from African witnesses before codifying "native" law makes it difficult to find these contributions.
However, recent scholarly analyses of customary law and indirect rule, such as that of Sara Berry, have detailed the subject matter of colonialism as a collection of conversations, debates and arguments among Africans as well as between Africans and colonial powers. It is therefore misleading to comprehend customary law as a mere "invention". Terence Ranger (who coined the term) has in fact re-examined his prior contribution and revised it, thus restoring African subjectivity. He now suggests use of the term "imagination" in place of "invention". Thus, as Berry observes, although colonizers had considerable power to shape institutions and discourse, that power was limited by a lack of resources and by a failure to understand the ongoing historical processes that they entered.
This shortage of resources in the 19th century meant the colonialists could no longer rule solely through coercion. Thus, despite the power of colonizers to "shape institutions and discourse", there was sufficient resistance by the natives to ensure that whatever the law was on paper, was a reflection – if a somewhat skewed reflection – of what they considered to be their governing norms. The powers of the chiefs to act as assessors of customary law and Africans (when summoned by magistrates), for instance, and their ability to hear cases before these were taken to magistrates allowed them some influence on the law. However, Moreover, since Shepstone himself did however act as the last court of appeal, because the chiefs' powers were confined by the colonial state, and still ultimately governed by colonial power.
Chiefs were given the opportunity, under indirect rule, to exert immense control over others, especially the socially weak. Chiefs were given "the power to enforce their notions of custom as law", and could rely on the support of colonial institutions. They shaped custom in ways that allowed them to consolidate their power, for example by even defining people's movement and settlement according to "custom". Although it was frequently claimed that customary rules were organically formulated in response to local conditions and needs, in reality they were often imposed by the administration – both colonial and "traditional". They contributed to the development of what was disingenuously described as the enforcement of custom when, in truth, it was the extension of colonial power and the development of a colonial economy. Consolidating the power of a pliant chief was one of the key mechanisms to achieve this. The outcome of this consolidation was the abuse of power by some chiefs, against their own people and their interests.
Despite these under-handed colonial strategies, Africans continued to challenge colonial authority, with methods ranging from evasion, testimony to commissions of inquiry, occasional rebellion to appearances in colonial courts. The latter (defiance) was a different kind of power from official influence exercised by native chiefs. In fact, the empowerment of chiefs as assessors and courts was one way colonizers had to draw on the actual experiences and practices of the natives at the time to avoid absolute resistance or revolution. An example of the effect of native resistance is that, despite the limits placed on bridewealth by the colonizers, the natives found ways of circumventing the restrictions. In fact, the not-so-subtle resistance caused the colonizers, themselves, to relax their approaches to the central practices of polygyny and bride wealth, for example. Furthermore, a colonial commission, itself, admitted that the natives were governed by their 'own laws' as regulated by Shepstone. Polygyny and lobolo was later codified in the Natal Code, and subsequently confirmed as legitimate in the Native Administration Act of 1927.
We can also find diverse African voices by looking at the ways ordinary Africans (those who were not elites or officials of the State) used the state courts to their own ends. Although the system of customary law contained many contradictions, these gave some who would normally be disadvantaged by customary the opportunity to challenge it and thus provides evidence of the ways that norms of customary law were continually contested.
The main colonial limitation on the ability of 'natives' to influence official customary law, however, was the 'repugnancy' principle whereby courts drew on western, 'civilised' ideals to reject certain native customs and practices on the basis that they were abhorrent to such western, civilised conceptions of morality. 'Natural justice' and 'public policy' (which form the terms of the repugnancy rule) have thus continued throughout South Africa's history of (non-)recognition of customary law. These ideas supported the colonial mission (or myth) of 'civilising' Africa.
Even outside the limits set by the repugnancy clause, customary law was not some immutable and uniform set of indigenous ideas and principles that predated colonialism. Rather, it was shaped by the societal changes occurring at that time, particularly the replacement of slavery by a new coercive colonial regime and the rapid growth of markets in wage labour and export crops. The conflict over customary law was deep-seated; and the political, economic and social dislocations that came about as a result of the onset of colonial rule heightened this conflict. Substantive customary law was shaped by the conflicting claims of those interested parties looking to secure wealth or power in these new areas
An example of this repugnancy clause is in the Law of Evidence Amendment Act 45 of 1988 (quoted below), which codifies the fact that the courts may take judicial notice of customary law, though this is qualified by the fact that such law has to be "readily ascertainable and sufficiently certain". Such law must also be in line with public policy principles, but a court is not allowed to declare the custom of lobola or any similar custom falls foul of these principles. The latter marks the conclusion of the colonisers' internal debate about the acceptability or reprehensibility of the practices of polygyny and lobolo (bridewealth). "The creation of the official discourse on African marriage…was at the core of the construction of segregation of the common law." The government wanted to abolish polygamy and marriages with lobola, but they continued to be legally recognised. This love-hate fixation was concluded by the Law of Evidence Act, which in turn concluded the time when customary "unions" were deemed legally and socially inferior to civil and Christian marriages.
Law of Evidence Amendment Act 45 of 1988:
(1) Any court may take judicial notice of the law of a foreign state and of indigenous law in so far as such law can be ascertained readily and with sufficient certainty: Provided that indigenous law shall not be opposed to the principles of public policy and natural justice: Provided further that it shall not be lawful for any court to declare that the custom of lobola or bogadi or other similar custom is repugnant to such principles.
(2) The provisions of subsection (1) shall not preclude any part from adducing evidence of the substance of a legal rule contemplated in that subsection which is in issue at the proceedings concerned.
Continued Through Apartheid.
The patterns of colonialism were continued and intensified during apartheid. In particular, the codification of customary law, distortion of the powers of traditional leaders, and division of cultural groups was advanced by pieces of legislation, among them the Black Administration Act 38 of 1927, and the Black Authorities Act 68 of 1951. These expanded the realm of official customary law and deepened the rift between it and living customary law. Women were continuously sidelined and subjected to an exacerbated and entrenched form of patriarchy. These developments under apartheid set the scene for the questions that would plague South Africa as it formulated a democratic Constitution, and considered how to provide for customary law and traditional authorities in it.
Negotiation and inclusion of customary law in the Constitution.
South Africa's transition to a constitutional democracy came about through an intricate negotiation process between the various political parties. In essence, it was a two-step process. It involved, in the first instance, the drafting of an Interim Constitution and its subsequent approval by the parties in the Multi-Party Negotiating Process (MPNP). This Constitution came into effect on 27 April 1994, coinciding with South Africa's first democratic elections. Secondly, the newly elected National Assembly was tasked with drafting the Final Constitution, which had to comply with a set of Constitutional Principles agreed upon by the erstwhile negotiating parties. These principles sought to maintain a sense of continuity between the two Constitutions, and, in the process, they also tried to garner respect for the initial negotiation terms agreed upon during the MPNP.
The negotiations leading up to the Interim Constitution.
Constituencies of traditional leaders were represented at the MPNP. The issues that concerned these leaders—mainly relating to the status of African Customary Law (ACL) and the recognition of a right to culture in the Constitution—became some of the most hotly contested issues during the negotiations. The effect of a supreme Constitution would allow for judicial review of the actions of traditional leaders as well as scrutiny and amendment of ACL more generally. The debate centred on the issue of gender equality because some of the tenets of ACL accord more rights and authority to men than they do women. At times, the bargaining process was used as a means to secure the role of the traditional leaders in the new constitutional era. One difficulty in this regard is that ACL was subverted by colonialism and apartheid rule.
Initially, the traditional leaders tried to get an exemption for ACL from the application of the Bill of Rights. They based their arguments on the Zimbabwean Constitution. In essence, the traditional leaders were trying to create two parallel systems of law, namely ACL and common law neither of which could nor should interfere with the other. Yet, the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW) provides that States must 'modify the social and cultural patterns of conduct of men and women, with a view to achieving the elimination of prejudices of customary and all other practices based on the idea of the inferiority or the superiority of either of the sexes or on stereotyped roles for men and women.' There was therefore substantial opposition to these proposals. This opposition succeeded.
The Interim Constitution.
The Interim Constitution became the supreme law of the Republic of South Africa in 1994. It included numerous Constitutional Principles that the Final Constitution needed to comply with to be valid. Principle XI, read with s 71(1)(a) of the Interim Constitution, committed the Final Constitution to promote and protect cultural diversity. Principle XIII required the Final Constitution to continue to recognise the role of traditional leaders in the constitutional dispensation, and the courts to apply ACL. However, this was qualified by the fact that ACL was subject to applicable legislation and indeed to the Constitution. The Interim Constitution also allowed for traditional leaders to be elected into local government. Houses of traditional leadership were also established for the purposes of allowing the traditional leaders to make representations to the government in relation to ACL.
The Interim Constitution recognised the customary principle of "ubuntu" – simply defined as humanity (see S v Makwanyane for discussion). The right to culture was also protected in the Bill of Rights in the Interim Constitution. This is particularly notable because it was the first time that culture had been recognised as a fundamental right in South Africa. It guaranteed the people of South Africa the opportunity to live according to their cultural traditions. It was argued that the right to culture clashed with other fundamental rights in Chapter 3 of the Interim Constitution, particularly the equality clause in s 8. However, the general limitations clause was introduced to balance these conflicting interests.
While the Interim Constitution recognised ACL as an indispensable part of the South African legal landscape, it is important to note that the debate about the negotiation and inclusion of ACL was far from settled. Another difficulty is that when the Interim Constitution was enacted in 1994, the application of ACL was still subject to the Law of Evidence Amendment Act. The effect thereof was that courts were obliged to apply ACL where applicable, but only insofar as the principles did not conflict with public policy and natural justice
The negotiation and inclusion of customary law in the final Constitution.
After an intensive Constitutional Assembly negotiation process, and a process of its certification by the Constitutional Court against the Constitutional Principles in the Interim Constitution, the final Constitution was passed in 1996 and came into force in early 1997. Section 2 of that Constitution holds that the Constitution is the supreme law of the Republic, and that any law inconsistent with it is invalid. The Constitution boasts a justiciable Bill of Rights, of both horizontal and vertical application; in other words, it applies not only between the State and the individual, but also between private persons. Pursuant to the Constitutional Principles, the Constitution protects and recognises ACL in various ways. Chapter 12 (ss 211 and 212) affords official recognition to ACL as well as to the institution, status and role of traditional leadership. Specifically, s 211(3) mandates the application of ACL by the courts, where applicable. However, in applying ACL, one must remember that it is still subject to the Constitution as well as to any legislation that specifically deals with it. ACL is further protected within the Bill of Rights, most notably under the right to freedom, belief and opinion (s 15), the individual right to language and culture (s 30) as well as the collective right pertaining to cultural, religious and linguistic communities (s 31). Note that the protection of ACL within the Bill of Rights is not subject to the same conditions as in s 211(3), namely that it must be used where applicable and subject to the relevant legislation. Accordingly, the rights in the Bill of Rights protecting ACL are subject only to the Constitution (and specifically, other rights in the Bill of Rights), and can only be limited in terms of s 36, being the general limitations clause It is worth noting also that s 36 recognises the possible existence of customary law rights outside of the Bill of Rights but only permits their recognition if they are consistent with those in the Bill.
Inasmuch as one may have an understanding of ACL as protected in the Constitution as the indigenous laws of the various peoples living in South Africa, one should perhaps scrutinise it more closely. The term itself gives rise to an ambiguity. On the one hand, one can identify official ACL, or the customary law that has been codified and concretised in judicial precedent. On the other hand, there is living ACL. This term refers to the current practices and norms deemed binding by the community itself. Official ACL is not only circumscribed by virtue of its codification, but very often it embodies a distorted version of the actual rules themselves. It is, by now, evident that the integration of customary law within the amalgam of South African law has had its fair share of debate. There are two key issues that can be highlighted, in this regard: (i) the potential compatibility problem between the rights enshrined in the Bill of Rights and ACL and (ii) the method of developing ACL norms in line with the values and rights of the Constitution.
Given the discriminatory nature of some ACL precepts and the likelihood of their being invalidated for want of equality, an important question to ask is whether the subordination of ACL to the Bill of Rights ultimately will have the effect of erasing much of the content of customary law and rendering its constitutional recognition entirely meaningless. To a large extent, the answer to this question leads one into a discussion of possible methods of developing ACL norms in line with the values and rights of the Constitution.
Once a violation of the Bill of Rights has been established, the courts essentially have three options: (a) they can strike down the ACL rule; (b) they can exclude the application of the rule and replace it with a statutory or common law rule; or (c) they can develop the rule to promote the spirit, purport and objects of the Bill of Rights. At this stage, a further distinction between direct and indirect application of the Bill of Rights ought to be made. Direct application means that where such an ACL rule offends a constitutional right, that rule is simply struck down. This method may be employed when dealing with official ACL, where the codified rule could theoretically be struck out in its entirety. However, the resulting lacunae often lead the courts to substitute an unconstitutional rule with a statutory or common law rule. By contrast, in accordance with indirect application, the offending rule is developed or interpreted in line with constitutional rights and values. This method is preferable when scrutinising the validity of living ACL rules, though it can also apply to official ACL in precedent.
Neither s 173 of the Constitution, which deals with the inherent powers of the courts, nor s 8(3) on the application of the Bill of Rights, makes mention of the development of ACL rules. The sections do, however, make provision for the development of the common law. Nevertheless, when considered in conjunction with other sections in the Constitution, the exclusion of ACL from these provisions in no way precludes the courts from developing it. If one considers the obligation on the courts generally to apply ACL in conjunction with the s 39(2) mandate to promote the spirit, purport and objects of the Bill of Rights when developing the common law or customary law, it becomes clear that the courts can develop customary law in the same way as they would any other source of law. Given that ACL is a set of laws intricately connected to the cultural rights of people, the Constitutional Court has said that it is the community itself who are best placed to harmonise ACL and constitutional values, and that this should be encouraged.
Constitutional Court case law.
There have been a number of cases that have come before the Constitutional Court requiring it to interpret and apply the rights and principles in the Constitution pertaining to ACL. In doing so, the CC has not only been faced with the challenge of elucidating the extent to which ACL is now recognised, but it has also had to address the issue of how to go about ascertaining what that law in fact is. The first such substantive case is "Alexkor Ltd and Another v the Richtersveld Community and Others", which involved the appeal of a claim for restitution of land by the Richtersveld Community ('the Community'), an indigenous South African community, in terms of the Restitution of Land Rights Act ('the Act'). The Constitutional Court therefore had to examine whether or not the Community had rights in land in 1913 and, if so, whether or not it was subsequently dispossessed 'as a result of past racially discriminatory laws or practices.' It was in answering the first of these questions that the Court made various authoritative comments regarding the extent to which ACL is now recognised.
The Court essentially stated two broad principles. Firstly, ACL is an independent source of law, not to be interpreted 'through the common-law lens.' Instead, it is to be seen as parallel to the common law. Secondly, the recognition of ACL is circumscribed by its consistency with the Constitution and any legislation concerning ACL. The CC drew specifically on s 211(3) of the Constitution. Applying these principles, the Court found that the Community did indeed have (indigenous) rights in land in 1913, which were left unaltered by British annexation. It then added an important third principle – that customary law in the Constitution really referred to the living form of that law:
The court specifically acknowledged the difficulty of establishing customary law, given the relative unreliability of written sources on customary law, and the fact that there may be competing versions of customary law presented in evidence, when such is appealed to.
In a subsequent case of "Shilubana and Others v Nwamitwa", the Constitutional Court spelled out the principles that should govern how living customary law rules are identified by courts and when courts should develop the customary law. Ms Shilubana, of the Valoyi traditional community, which is located in the Limpopo Province of South Africa, was appointed as hosi (chief) of her people contrary to the past practice of the eldest son of the previous hosi succeeding his father as the new hosi. The resolution adopted in appointing her specifically referred to the constitutional provision for gender equality as part of the community's motivation in adapting its rules. Mr Nwamitwa sought to dispute Ms Shilubana's appointment based on his purported right as the eldest son of the previous hosi. The matter was decided in favour of Mr Nwamitwa in both the High Court and the SCA, and the case was eventually taken on appeal to the Constitutional Court. In a unanimous judgment, the Court decided that Ms Shilubana was legitimately appointed as hosi of the Valoyi people. The Court emphasised the fact that ACL is a living system of law not bound by historical precedent. Because of this, it set aside a seres of prior decisions that had set a test for determining the content of customary law by referencing long-standing and historical practices. The Court found that ACL is meant to reflect the current practices of a particular community and hence is developed with reference to the constantly evolving practices that indicate the current system of norms by which that community has chosen to live. The Court therefore held that the ACL regarding the hosi had legitimately developed to allow for a woman to be appointed and that this development was consistent with the Constitution. Therefore, the appeal was upheld, the Court finding that Ms Shilubana had been validly appointed.
Theoretical framework.
Coexistence of multiple legal orders.
While there is by no means agreement on the idea that there can be any other forms of law than those that hail from the state (formal government), there is a school of thought that has come to perceive the co-existence of multiple normative universes. It is called 'legal pluralism' – a term that was coined in the 1970s by John Griffiths. It evolved out of resistance to the notion of the state's unique monopoly on law known as 'legal centralism'. In terms of legal centralism, the South African government would be the only authority able to produce law as norms that are enforceable in South African society. Thus, any other order that would purport to produce rules that hold normative force would not produce law. This would be so even if the rules it did produce regulated social behaviour to some extent, were perceived to be binding by the members of that group, and had effective sanctions tied to them.
Griffiths identified two main types of legal pluralism: 'weak' legal pluralism (which roughly corresponds to Gordon Woodman's 'state law' pluralism), and 'strong' legal pluralism (not unlike Woodman's 'deep' legal pluralism).
"Weak" or "state law" pluralism.
Out of the Enlightenment period emerged the view that the existence of law served as the bench mark for a civilised society, as it distinguished them from primitive laws. At around the same time, colonialism peaked in the Western world, which spread the coloniser's laws into the colonies. (The notion of lex nullius, to complement the concept of terra nullius.) It didn't take long for the coloniser to realise that colonial law was not always appropriate or convenient for the colonised in dealing with instances of everyday life (such as family law). Accordingly, the colonial state began to define the parameters that marked the jurisdictions of legal systems within its control and, in so doing, divided colonial and customary law into "separate and autonomous spheres". Under this model, authority became centralised in the form of the state, represented through government, the most visible manifestation of which is the legislature. Thus, while plurality of normative orders existed, it was supposedly embodied within the state, which, as earlier demonstrated, would either recognise customary law as lived in the communities and administered by state-recognised chiefs and colonial officials, or seek to specifically capture and define customary law in state codes.
On whether "state law pluralism" is in fact possible, there are interesting differences of opinion among legal pluralists. Woodman that state laws are not internally self-consistent logical systems, and that they are not clearly delineated and detached from other normative orders. He argues for a form of state legal pluralism wherein different sources of law may be relied upon to resolve conflict between various state sectors depending on the degree of authority vested in the sources. In other words, he recognizes the possibility of a pluralism that is internal to state law, as might be exemplified by official customary law and common law (both of which are state law forms). However, for John Griffiths, the notion of state law pluralism is an impossibility because the law of the state represents a single legal order and as such legal pluralism can only be said to exist where non-state law and state law coexist. In that case, official customary law and common law could not conflict but would have to conflict with a normative order outside of state law – living customary law, for instance.
"Deep" or "strong" legal pluralism.
Strong legal pluralism recognises that legal pluralism exists in all societies; that is, that there are multiple forms of normative ordering that pertain to members of a society that are not necessarily dependent on the state for recognition of their authority. Sally Falk Moore is perceived to have provided the strongest articulation of this theory. She suggests that to have a more realistic idea of the manner in which people live according to 'the law' and 'social mores' it is necessary to study the law in the context of society, rather than attempting to separate the 'law' from 'society'. She calls looking at law in this way, looking at it as a 'semi-autonomous field', which is not defined by territorial boundaries but rather by its sphere of influence and whether it can generate rules, customs and symbols that generate a sense of obligation and compliance in those people who live within the field, while at the same time it influences and is influenced by the rules and decisions emanating from the 'outside' world.
Often government administrations attempt to re-regulate these 'semi autonomous fields' which already have rules and customs by imposing new legislation. However, legislative intervention often fails because the pre-existing social arrangements are seen by the society as more important or stronger than the new legislation. Yet even when it is successful, imposed legislation can have unplanned consequences.
The main criticism of deep legal pluralism is that it offends the rule of law, 'which is seen as a necessary feature of justice'. Woodman explains that 'the competing sources of legitimacy give rise to competing duties, and consequently the rules of law cannot totally prevail'. This is also accused of being too vague and ill-defined, in danger of drawing no distinction between the differing normative orders, and thus, conflating them all under the rubric of law. To scholars such as Brian Tamanaha and Gunther Teubner, this is an untenable situation because they maintain that an empirical distinction between state law and other normative orders exists. State law norms come into effect by operation of the State's institutional apparatus (i.e. parliament), whereas other normative orders are informed by social practice.
In the South African context, the notion that living customary law is competitive with and influenced by state law is self-evident. It also obviously powerfully influences the behaviour of a significant proportion of the country's population. Falk Moore's theory is relevant here. As an empirical claim, she contends that any social field can make law, and these laws are complex and may overlap with one another. Specifically, she argues that a semi-autonomous social field can make and enforce its own rules, but that it is smaller than other fields, which may exercise influence over its rules. A group of such fields may form their own field, and may interact with each other, perhaps as in the case of the South African legal order at large. These also lead to a tangle of binding obligations. The living customary law field might then be said to be semi-autonomous because the ties that bind its participants together are stronger than the ties that bind them to external fields such as state legislation. Though there may not be legal sanctions for a violation of these norms (from the state), there are still effective extralegal sanctions that govern them (intra-communally). These extralegal inducements are more immediate than sanctions from the state, and they may also compel compliance with state-generated law.
In this sense, instrumentalist theory, which says that rules are commands given by the legislator and received by an individual, is inaccurate for it ignores the medium through which this command must proceed before it reaches its subject. Instrumentalism gives a naïve positivistic conception of the relationship between the governed and legal regulation. This naivety is due to the idea that commands of the lawmakers are received by an individual free of social norms, who exists in what might be called a normative vacuum. As such, no attention is paid to the social medium through which the command of the law-maker must travel in being received by the individual. It therefore fails to see how the subject receives the rule as filtered through the medium(s) that is their nearer semi-autonomous social field. The effectiveness of a rule depends on the field, as well as the social context in which the rule is given effect to. In essence, therefore, the government of South Africa must contend with the empirical reality of South Africa's multiple normative orders (including living customary law) through which any norms that it issues for the general population are filtered, and consequently reinterpreted and embraced, or simply ignored or even outrightly defied.
While the constitutional provision for living customary law outlined earlier does not settle the theoretical debate on whether extra-statal normative orders can produce law, it certainly answers the definitional question that is part of it: living customary law is legitimately law. By this means, however, the difficulties pertaining to the rule of law (specifically, the principle of legality, and the requirement of legal certainty, within it) and the vagaries of living law becomes all the more immediately relevant. The precedent of "Shilubana" stopped courts from avoiding the difficulties by devising a test that finally forced them to confront these challenges directly. It would seem that, in this decision, the Constitutional Court espoused Woodman's theory of "selective legal pluralism". Woodman refers to two options available at this point; either an unqualified tolerance can be afforded to customary law, or allowance can be made for the purposeful and principled intrusion by the state into the field of customary law. Woodman refers to the second option as "selective legal pluralism" and affords the state with the opportunity to consider the needs of justice in each case involving customary law. Consequently, Woodman argues that to achieve justice, elements of state law pluralism should coincide with deep legal pluralism with the operation of is doctrine of selective legal pluralism.
Rights and culture.
Theoretical background.
There has been the argument made over the years that human rights and culture (especially the cultures that prevail in the third world) cannot be reconciled. Some have feared that attempts (in the context of inequitable power between the cultures) might even lead to the denial of one or the other, usually local cultures at the expense of allegedly universal human rights. In the words of Thandabantu Nhlapo, 'where contending cultures, Western and African cultures, do not enjoy equality of status, the danger increases that in its criticism of local circumstances, the dominant culture will be tempted to enlist the prestige of the international human rights movements to mask the basic intolerance of competing world views.'
The theoretical terms in which this conflict has come to be described are the notions of universalism and cultural relativism. Rights are seen to be as universal in as far as they are consistent with western concepts thereof, evolved from western histories such as the French and American revolutions, and then to two world wars. Culture is said to be relativised when universalism is rejected in arguments that would seem to prefer the insular notions of what are claimed to be rights, appealing to bounded notions of culture and prioritising the interests of groups over those of individuals.
One of the major criticisms of the way in, which human rights have been defined since the international recognition of such rights in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) is that it legitimises only those rights, which are endorsed by Western societies. This is said to be seen in that Western societies only were involved in the drafting of these, and that they did not take into account the multi-culturalism within other political states, yet the UDHR became the standard that other countries had to abide by to be called human rights compliant.
According to Thandabantu Nhlapo, ACL does not fit within this Western conception of rights. He uses the area of African family law – particularly in relation to its institutions and practices that reflect a value system that emphasises kinship, and ceremonies of marriage such as lobola – to illustrate the point. As under colonialism and apartheid, these continue to challenge the Western perception of rights, particularly the notions of equality and dignity. Nhlapo argues that the way these concepts have been defined by the dominant culture is used to undercut the rights that ACL recognises because it is not understood by Western society. This lack of understanding has been a cause for concern for Western society such that it has led to a rejection of ACL and the rights it recognises.
The recognition of ACL has tended to be seen as a danger to women's rights and interests. This is the result of perceptions of its possessing intrinsic inequalities that necessarily lead to the disempowerment and disadvantage of women. As a result most strategies to secure women's rights (in land) in rural South Africa have tended to avoid the customary law arena and instead favoured formal legal initiatives.
This conundrum is especially relevant in the South African context where rights have been entrenched in the Constitution and major emphasis has been placed on the rights to dignity, equality and freedom (s 7(1)). The way in which these rights have been interpreted has illustrated the problem highlighted by Nhlapo – the right to equality has been used as the basis for the criticism of customary law in that some of its practices seem to perpetuate discrimination, especially gender based discrimination. A prime example of this might be said to be the "Bhe" case decision.
Proposals for reconciling rights with African customary law.
In light of the fact that the Constitution recognises ACL as applicable and the right to (practice one's) culture, Nhlapo suggests that the right to dignity should be understood in a way that protects and promotes these rights even when they appear to conflict with the notion of rights held by western society. Thus, human dignity should be seen as encapsulating not only western notions but also as including distinctly African values such as "ubuntu". Human dignity, in this light, should be viewed from the perspective of those who are governed by customary law and not purely from the proclaimed wider national identity.
Jennifer Nedelsky suggests that shifts in the meaning of rights are inevitable and ongoing. She therefore argues that our conception of rights needs to take account of the depth of the continuing disagreement in democratic societies about the content of rights. She adds that rights should not be seen as trumps or guards of people against one another. Rather, they should be understood as spaces and means by which people negotiate their relationships of mutual dependence, in the context of which participation in the processes of determining those rights is crucial. Celestine Nyamu Musembi advocates an actor-orientated perspective on human rights, which acknowledges that people live in a context of legal and cultural pluralism and draw from both their cultural or religious norms and formal rights in dealing with situations that face them. She embraces Merry's notion of vernacularisation as a way to adapt rights from the universal context to the local, to make them relevant to the needs of people involved in struggles at the local level.
Interfacing with this consideration of women's ability to affect rights, Aninka Claassens and Sindiso Mnisi advocate that legal strategies to support women's rights (in land) cannot avoid the customary law arena and should, in fact, engage with it fully. This is because of the impact of ACL on power relations, which means that rural women have no option but to grapple with issues of rights and custom at the local level. Legal strategies therefore need to pay attention to the legal changes taking place outside the statutory law arena, where women are playing a key role in negotiating the content of rights under custom, and appealing to both the discourses of rights and custom as they do so.
These scholars therefore suggest that, by the inevitable appropriation of rights through the lenses of their cultures and social circumstances, people are able to transform underlying cultural categories and practices so as to secure the dignity and equality for which most people are engaged in struggle. This has the effect of redefining not only the local cultural practices but, necessarily, the rights themselves too. This is part of the fluidity of culture, that it allows new ideas to permeate and influence it, and part of the flexibility of rights, that their content changes as they are appropriated from one culture to another and adapt to meet the needs presented by the struggles and the contexts of the relationships in which they must deliver justice and protection.
The South African experience.
Claassens and Mnisi argue that there is a need to combine the flexibility and inclusiveness underlying indigenous systems of relative land rights with constitutional values such as equality. It is suggested that negotiations that take place in rural areas concerning the integration of customary entitlements and constitutional rights present important potential for shifting power relations and transforming women's land rights in practice, in ways that reach far deeper than many legislative reforms. They provide the example of Kalkfontein where single mothers are allocated land partly as a result of the increase in female involvement on the land allocation sub-committee post 1994 and rural women's challenging land allocation, arguing for the granting of land to single mothers
The customary laws of marriage and succession are the main areas where the South African legislature and courts have attempted to advance women's rights. With regard to marriage, in 1998, Parliament passed the Recognition of Customary Marriages Act (hereafter referred to as 'the Recognition Act') with the intention of ridding the customary law of marriage of elements that discriminated against women. The Act makes provision for customary marriages in two ways: firstly, all marriages prior to the Act that were valid in terms of ACL are valid for all legal purposes (this did away with the ambivalence in South African history toward the legitimacy of African marriages); and secondly, all marriages conducted in terms of ACL after the Act came into force are valid if they fulfil the Act's requirements. The Act accommodates what might be called common law provisions in areas of minors' marriages, the status of spouses, as well as the proprietary consequences of marriage and divorce.
Concerning succession, the majority decision of the Constitutional decision in "Bhe v Magistrate Khayelitsha" repealed the customary law of succession in terms of the Black Administrations Act (BAA) of 1927, replacing it with the Intestate Succession Act. Prior to the "Bhe" decision, the BAA brought the distribution of black people's intestate estates under the purview of ACL, as defined in the Act. This included the principle of male primogeniture in terms of which the eldest surviving male family member inherits the estate (originally with, but later without, the reciprocal duty to care for the other of the male head's dependents). Women were thereby excluded from inheritance. The court in "Bhe", in declaring the offending sections of the BAA unconstitutional, made an order that effectively replaced them with the common law. Chuma Himonga argues that this judgment, in its reliance on codified ACL, failed adequately to recognise living customary law, and that those subject to the new law may therefore feel alienated by it. Moreover, she argues that the approach taken in the reform of ACL will result in little benefit to women in practice.
Himonga names three main factors that could adversely affect the implementation of these new developments. The first factor is that of the "Eurocentric approach". Mere imposition of the common law in a so-called Eurocentric manner may result in opposition from traditional leaders who reject the legislation on the grounds that it is an encroachment of ACL's status in the Constitution. This is very closely related to the second, the "historical factor", which takes note of the 'inferior position' ACL has held in the past. The final factor is that legislation may be largely inaccessible to people who live under ACL. One of the purposes of the legislation, if not its primary reason, would have been to champion women's rights, but as Himonga argues, its inaccessibility may conversely fail to protect women's rights in practice.
Nature, definition and sources of customary law.
As seen earlier in the summary of the Constitutional Court's discussions, a central issue regarding (the recognition of) ACL is determining the appropriate methodology to know what practices and norms actually constitutes customary law. It is not immediately clear that classic Western theories of jurisprudence can be reconciled in any useful way with conceptual analyses of customary law, and thus some scholars (like John Comaroff and Simon Roberts) have characterised customary law norms in their own terms. Yet, there clearly remains some disagreement, which is seen in John Hund's critique of Comaroff and Roberts' theory, and preference for the contributions of H. L. A. Hart. Hund argues that Hart's "The Concept of Law" solves the conceptual problem with which schoalars who have attempted to articulate how customary law principles may be identified, defined and how they operate in regulating social behaviour and resolving disputes.
Customary law as an indefinite repertoire of norms.
Comaroff and Roberts' famous work, "Rules and Processes", attempted to detail the body of norms that constitute Tswana law in a way that was less legalistic (or rule-oriented) than had Isaac Schapera. They defined "mekgwa le melao ya Setswana" in terms of Casalis and Ellenberger definition: "melao" therefore being rules pronounced by a chief and "mekgwa" as norms that become customary law through traditional usage. Importantly, however, they noted that the Tswana seldom attempt to classify the vast array of existing norms into categories and they thus termed this the 'undifferentiated nature of the normative repertoire'. Moreover, they observe the co-existence of overtly incompatible norms that may breed conflict, either due to circumstances in a particular situation, or inherently due to their incongruous content. This lack of rule classification and failure to eradicate internal inconsistencies between potentially conflicting norms allows for much flexibility in dispute settlement and is also viewed as a 'strategic resource' for disputants who seek to advance their own success in a case. The latter incongruities (especially of inconsistencies of norm content) are typically solved by elevating one of the norms (tacitly) from 'the literal to the symbolic'. This allows for the accommodation of both as they now theoretically exist in different realms of reality. This is highly contextual, which further illustrates that norms cannot be viewed in isolation and are open to negotiation. Thus, although there are a small number of so-called non-negotiable norms, the vast majority are viewed and given substance contextually, which is seen as fundamental to the Tswana.
Comaroff and Roberts describe how outcomes of specific cases have the ability to change the normative repertoire, as the repertoire of norms is seen to be both in a state of formation and transformation at all times. These changes are justified on the grounds that they are merely giving recognition to de facto observations of transformation . Furthermore, the legitimacy of a chief is a direct determinant of the legitimacy of his decisions. In the formulation of legislative pronouncements, as opposed to decisions made in dispute resolution, the chief first speaks of the proposed norm with his advisors, then council of headmen, then the public assembly debate the proposed law and may accept or reject it. A chief can proclaim the law even if the public assembly rejects it, but this is not often done; and, if the chief proclaims the legislation against the will of the public assembly, the legislation will become melao, however it is unlikely that it will be executed because its effectiveness depends on the chief's legitimacy and the norm's consistency with the practices (and changes in social relations) and will of the people under that chief.
Regarding the invocation of norms in disputes, Comaroff and Roberts used the term, "paradigm of argument", to refer to the linguistic and conceptual frame used by a disputant, whereby 'a coherent picture of relevant events and actions in terms of one or more implicit or explicit normative referents' is created. In their explanation, the complainant (who always speaks first) thus establishes a paradigm the defendant can either accept and therefore argue within that specific paradigm or reject and therefore introduce his or her own paradigm (usually, the facts are not contested here). If the defendant means to change the paradigm, they will refer to norms as such, where actually norms are not ordinarily explicitly referenced in Tswana dispute resolution as the audience would typically already know them and just the way one presents one's case and constructs the facts will establish one's paradigm. The headman or chief adjudicating may also do same: accept the normative basis implied by the parties (or one of them), and thus not refer to norms using explicit language but rather isolate a factual issue in the dispute and then make a decision on it without expressly referring to any norms, or impose a new or different paradigm onto the parties.
Law as necessarily rule-governed.
Hund finds Comaroff and Roberts' flexibility thesis of a 'repertoire of norms' from which litigants and adjudicator choose in the process of negotiating solutions between them uncompelling. He is therefore concerned with disproving what he calls "rule scepticism" on their part. He notes that the concept of custom generally denotes convergent behaviour, but not all customs have the force of law. Hund therefore draws from Hart's analysis distinguishing social rules, which have internal and external aspects, from habits, which have only external aspects. Internal aspects are the reflective attitude on the part of adherents toward certain behaviours perceived to be obligatory, according to a common standard. External aspects manifest in regular, observable behaviour, but is not obligatory. In Hart's analysis, then, social rules amount to custom that has legal force.
Hart identifies three further differences between habits and binding social rules. First, a social rule exists where society frowns on deviation from the habit and attempts to prevent departures by criticising such behaviour. Second, when this criticism is seen socially as a good reason for adhering to the habit, and it is welcomed. And, third, when members of a group behave in a common way not only out of habit or because everyone else is doing it, but because it is seen to be a common standard that should be followed, at least by some members. Hund, however, acknowledges the difficulty of an outsider knowing the dimensios of these criteria that depend on an internal point of view.
For Hund, the first form of rule scepticism concerns the widely held opinion that, because the content of customary law derives from practice, there are actually no objective rules, since it is only behaviour that informs their construction. On this view, it is impossible to distinguish between behaviour that is rule bound and behaviour that is not—i.e., which behaviour is motivated by adherence to law (or at least done in recognition of the law) and is merely a response to other factors. Hund sees this as problematic because it makes quantifying the law almost impossible, since behaviour is obviously inconsistent. Hund argues that this is a misconception based on a failure to acknowledge the importance of the "internal element". In his view, by using the criteria described above, there is not this problem in deciphering what constitutes "law" in a particular community.
According to Hund, the second form of rule scepticism says that, though a community may have rules, those rules are not arrived at 'deductively', i.e. they are not created through legal/moral reasoning only but are instead driven by the personal/political motives of those who create them. The scope for such influence is created by the loose and undefined nature of customary law, which, Hund argues, grants customary-law makers (often through traditional 'judicial processes') a wide discretion in its application. Yet, Hund contends that the fact that rules might sometimes be arrived at in the more ad hoc way, does not mean that this defines the system. If one requires a perfect system, where laws are created only deductively, then one is left with a system with no rules. For Hund, this cannot be so and an explanation for these kinds of law-making processes is found in Hart's conception of "secondary rules" (rules in terms of which the main body of norms are recognised). Hund therefore says that for some cultures, for instance in some sections of Tswana society, the secondary rules have developed only to the point where laws are determined with reference to politics and personal preference. This does not mean that they are not "rules". Hund argues that if we acknowledge a developmental pattern in societies' constructions of these secondary rules then we can understand how this society constructs its laws and how it differs from societies that have come to rely on an objective, stand-alone body of rules.
South African relevance.
As mentioned, in the South African context, these debates are yet to be settled. However, each conception of customary law presented by the theorists discussed presents genuine difficulties. While the South African legal system is so rule-based as to struggle to conceive of ACL in the way Comaroff and Roberts determine that it functions, South African legal history makes it difficult to countenance such an "evolutionary" view of customary law vis-à-vis formal law as is implicit in Hund's conception. (Ironically, it is by his very attempt to defend customary law from being undermined by being regarded as less than state law that Hund arrives at what, in the South African context, would be understood, in historical context, as a lesser view of customary law). In what is seen by many to be a victory over a long, arduous and painful history, the Constitutional Court in "Shilubana" finally announced that customary law must be accepted on its own terms. That is, customary law must be accepted as the practices of the people who live according to it and adapt it to their changing circumstances and needs. Thus, the Court largely ruled in favour of the Comaroff and Roberts view. However, given the fact that the Court operates within a legal system that depends on the application of positively defined rules, Hund's theory is ultimately the winner as the courts will forever be seeking to translate fluid processes and contextually shifting norms into hard-and-fast rules. What it means for this to be achieved – the rules applied (and hopefully even determined) – on a case-by-case basis remains to be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="30971134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971134" title="Paul Telukluk">
Paul Telukluk

Paul Barthelemy Telukluk is a ni-Vanuatu politician.
In 2000, he was the co-founder, along with Father Gérard Leymang and Vincent Boulekone, of the Green Confederation, to "promote sustainable development balancing custom, the environment, social welfare, free enterprise and regional autonomy for
each of the six provinces". In the 2002 general election, he was elected to Parliament as Green MP for Malekula. Within the Green Federation, he was the leader of Namangi Aute, a francophone movement originally founded in 1975, and committed to decentralisation. Prior to merging with the Greens, Namangi Aute had been merged into the Union of Moderate Parties, and Telukluk had begun his political career as an MP for the UPM. Shortly after being elected to Parliament as a Green, however, he left the Confederation and re-established Namangi Aute as an independent party. He was re-elected as MP for Malekula in the 2004 and 2008 general elections, being Namangi Aute's sole Member of Parliament on both occasions. 
In the mid-1990s, Telukluk served as Minister for Lands in Prime Minister Maxime Carlot Korman's government. Later, he was investigated by the Ombudsman's office, which in 1999 published a report accusing him of having mismanaged the sale of deportees' properties. The report recommended that Telukluk "should not be considered for a ministerial portfolio in any future Government". 
Telukluk served as Minister for Energy, Lands and Natural Resources under Prime Minister Ham Lini in the mid-2000s. As such he considered the use of solar energy and coconut oil to help provide electricity to a greater number of people in the country. He also looked into the possibility of mining offshore natural mineral resources.
In December 2010, when Sato Kilman replaced Edward Natapei as Prime Minister following a motion of no confidence, Telukluk joined Kilman's coalition government, and was appointed Minister for Lands and Natural Resources. Less than a week later, he was removed from Cabinet in a reshuffle aimed at consolidating the new government's majority by offering Cabinet posts to new coalition allies.
On 24 April 2011, Kilman was himself ousted in a motion of no confidence, and succeeded by Serge Vohor. Vohor appointed Telukluk as Minister for Ni-Vanuatu (i.e., indigenous) Business. Three weeks later, however, Vohor's election and premiership were voided by the Court of Appeal, and Telukluk lost his position in government. On 16 June, Kilman's election and premiership were themselves voided by the Supreme Court, on constitutional grounds, and previous Prime Minister Edward Natapei became caretaker Prime Minister until a new leader could be elected. Telukluk was restored as caretaker Minister for Ni-Vanuatu Business. On 26 June, Sato Kilman was elected Prime Minister by Parliament, with twenty-nine votes to Serge Vohor's twenty-three, thus beginning his first lawfully recognised term as Prime Minister. He reinstated his previous Cabinet, and Telukluk once more lost his position in government.
On 23 March 2013, there was a new change of government, with Moana Carcasses Kalosil (of the Green Confederation) becoming Prime Minister. On 26 February 2014, facing defections to the Opposition, Carcasses offered Cabinet positions to Opposition MPs, so as to shore up his parliamentary majority. Telukluk (now a member of the Reunification of Moderate Parties) was one of those who defected to Carcasses' government for a Cabinet job; he was appointed Minister for Internal Affairs, replacing Christophe Emmelee, who was reshuffled to the position of Minister for Justice. Telukluk lost office when the Carcasses government was brought down by a motion of no confidence on 15 May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30971176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971176" title="South Ogan Komering Ulu Regency">
South Ogan Komering Ulu Regency

South Ogan Komering Ulu Regency is a regency of South Sumatra, Indonesia. The capital lies at Muaradua.It borders Ogan Komering Ulu Regency, East Ogan Komering Ulu Regency and Muara Enim Regency to the north.It also borders Lampung Province to the south and east and Bengkulu Province to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="30971186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971186" title="Cool Site of the Day">
Cool Site of the Day

Cool Site of the Day is an early website created in August 1994 and originally maintained by Glenn Davis. Linking to one single recommended site off its homepage each day, it soon became an arbiter of taste on the Internet.
Within a few months of its launch, "Cool Site of the Day" attracted "around 10,000 visitors" each day; within a year of its launch, more than 20,000 people were visiting each day, and the award became a coveted prize among Silicon Alley start-ups.
The site's founder, Glenn Davis, became a celebrity, giving interviews to magazines and radio networks such as NPR while fending off gifts from site maintainers who sought his recommendation of their sites. "Newsweek" celebrated Davis as one of the fifty most influential people on the Internet, dubbing him the "King of Cool." 
In time for the first anniversary of "Cool Site of the Day" Davis inaugurated the "Cool Site Of The Year" award, also known as the Webby, which was first produced by Kay Dangaard and presented at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel as a nod to the first sight of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (Oscars) Hollywood, California, in August 1995. As part of the proceedings, Davis held an email poll on a shortlist of five websites that had previously been distinguished as a cool site. The award was won by The Spot. On October 3, 1996, the second "Cool Site of the Year" awards ceremony was held at Webster Hall, a nightclub in the East Village, Manhattan.
Davis left the site in November 1995, but it continued to thrive. By the end of 1997, "Cool Site of the Day" had spawned thousands of imitators, grown into an "eight-person mini-e-publishing empire," and attracted millions of page-views a month. Davis' former employer decided to sell the site at this point.

</doc>
<doc id="30971195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971195" title="Dexiinae">
Dexiinae

Dexiinae is a subfamily of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30971197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971197" title="List of people associated with the study of Kannada inscriptions">
List of people associated with the study of Kannada inscriptions

Indian scholars.
Later Indian scholars started the study of Kannada inscriptions
They contributed from finding to analyzing (including deciphering, publishing) inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="30971206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971206" title="TMS Shortcodes">
TMS Shortcodes

TMS short code.
Short codes are an association of short keyword and short phone numbers provided by local telecom companies to allow brands to engage in relation with consumers to exchange SMS text messaging or MMS multimedia messaging. 
Short codes are widely used for local value-added services such as television program voting, ordering ringtones, charity donations and mobile services. Messages sent to short codes can be billed at a higher rate than a standard SMS. Example of short code: text Haiti 2010 to 43445. 
The telecom short codes per definition are easier to read and remember and they were built for text messaging. With the new generation of internet connected mobile phones and tablets this system needed to be upgraded to answer the need of URL messaging as the relation between brands and consumers has moved from an exchange of texts to an invitation to visit a mobile website (or a mobile application) via a personalized experience.
TheTMSway a Hong Kong based company has developed a new generation of short codes: “TMS shortcodes” which upgraded the SMS shortcodes and are optimized for the new generation of internet connected devices and URL messaging. This company provides an editor of alphanumeric codes, Telco free, and a new real time search engine of short codes accessible by a simple mobile web browser.
Technology.
The TMS short codes technology is an open platform which allows brands to create a short code (numeric or branded) and to link it to one mobile site via an URL or to different mobile sites for location based distribution. The system also allows the edition of different short codes linked to a same URL, to identify the origin of the consumer activation. On the consumer side the search engine of shortcodes “TMSsearch.com” is able to retrieve a brand offer associated to a short code to launch an action while it analyze the direct consumer environment (handset /time / date / location). These two components associated in real time authorize to redirect the consumers instantly to a personalized experience via dynamic URLs. 
A dynamic URL is used to drive a visitor to a personalized version of a mobile site (in relation to his handset, location, language) as opposed to a static URL which will drive all visitors to the same mobile site version. A dynamic URL provides also an easier way to analyze the usage of a mobile site.
Following this, consumers who enter a same TMS short code in the TMS search engine with different handsets, at different times and in different locations will be able to access different mobile offers optimized for their phone and location and available at the specific day and time they have activated the short code.
Different TMS short codes.
The editor of TMS shortcodes allows creating numeric short codes from 5 digits to 11 digits. 8 digits to 11 digits are usually used to create a shortcode with the phone number of a retailer or company allowing consumer to call the number or use it in TMS search to access the store or company mobile site.
The platform allows the edition of vanity (branded) codes which associate a 2 to 6 letters root to a 4 digits number.
The platform allows users to purchase a branded short code root to use it for future campaigns (associated to different 4 digit numbers).
Short codes differences.
The telecom SMS short codes are based on text messaging. They can provide consumers access to a brand mobile site in 3 steps: the user need to send (and pay) a first SMS to be able to receive an SMS from the brand with a text and a static URL link to the brand mobile site.
The TMS short codes reduce the consumer activation in 1 step with no SMS involved. They direct consumers instantly to an optimized experience.
On the brand side the TMS shortcode system reduces the process to a one step experience and offers multiple possibilities in term of actions.

</doc>
<doc id="30971209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971209" title="Åge Bernhard Grutle">
Åge Bernhard Grutle

Åge Bernhard Grutle (born 19 June 1952) is a Norwegian diplomat and royal servant.
In his early diplomatic career he was stationed at the embassies in South Korea and the Soviet Union. In 1987 he was declared as expelled from the latter country, during a minor diplomatic crisis. He was a deputy under-secretary of state in the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1999 to 2003, and the Norwegian ambassador to Japan from 2004 to 2009. In 2005 he led the insight committee on how the Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami. In 2009 Grutle was appointed as the Lord Chamberlain at the Norwegian Royal Court.

</doc>
<doc id="30971221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971221" title="Dufouriini">
Dufouriini

Dufouriini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30971225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971225" title="Number 13 (short film)">
Number 13 (short film)

Number 13 is the second of four recent adaptations of ghost stories by M.R. James broadcast by the BBC in a loose revival of the "A Ghost Story for Christmas" tradition of the 1970s. Following "A View from a Hill" the previous year and preceding "Whistle and I'll Come to You" in 2010, the forty minute film was first screened in December 2006 on BBC Four. The film was adapted by Justin Hopper from the , first published in "Ghost Stories of an Antiquary in 1904.
The film stars Greg Wise as an academic lodging in room 12 of a drafty hotel in a small English cathedral town whilst assigned to authenticate papers which appear to date back to the Reformation. Having previously noticed that the hotel rooms jump from 12 to 14, after being awoken one night he is shocked to find the door to room number 13 has mysteriously appeared. He decides to investigate, with fearful consequences.

</doc>
<doc id="30971252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971252" title="John Birkbeck">
John Birkbeck

John Birkbeck (6 July 1817 – 31 July 1890) was a Yorkshireman, banker, alpinist, and pioneer potholer.
Born in Settle and educated at the local Giggleswick School and Trinity College, Cambridge (although, as a Quaker, he could not take a degree) he spent most of his life in his home town where he was a partner in the Craven Bank, which his family had established in 1791. He was also a Justice of the Peace in later life. The family home was Anley (now a nursing home).
His name is remembered for his involvement in some early explorations of some of the potholes of Ingleborough, especially Alum Pot and Gaping Gill, although the records are sparse. Around 1842, Birkbeck had the water from Fell Beck diverted down 'the Birkbeck Trench' and went first 100 and then 190 feet down the Main Shaft of Gaping Gill, where there is a ledge which now bears his name, but then 'barred further descent'; no further attempts reached the bottom until Martel reached the Main Chamber, another 170 feet lower, in 1895. In 1847, Birkbeck provided ropes to enable the first recorded descent of Alum Pot, made via Long Churn cave. The bottom was not reached on that occasion, but in the following year a direct descent was made of the main shaft, followed by further descents to where 'the water sank in a quiet rotary pool, so that further progress was impossible'. He was also there for the next descent, which was not until 1870 but is better known as it was described by William Boyd Dawkins in his book, Cave Hunting.
He was a member of the party which made the first ascent of Monte Rosa in 1855 and, in 1857, a founder member of the Alpine Club, having been a friend of its first president, John Ball, at Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="30971268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971268" title="Black Ice (memoir)">
Black Ice (memoir)

Black Ice is a memoir by American author Lorene Cary. First published in 1991, it relates the African American author's experiences at the elite St. Paul's boarding school in New Hampshire. The book, Cary's first publication and the stepping stone to her career as a writer, was a critical and commercial success.
Background.
Cary grew up in a working-class background in Philadelphia. In 1972, she was invited to the elite St. Paul's boarding school in New Hampshire, on scholarship, as only the second African-American female student. She spent two years at St. Paul's, graduating in 1974, and then worked as a journalist for publications including "Time". After first writing about her experience at St. Paul's in a magazine article in 1988, she published a more complete memoir, "Black Ice".
Publication and reception.
The book was published in 1991 by Alfred A. Knopf, and Phillip Lopate, reviewing the book for "The New York Times" called it a "stunning memoir". The book, "bruisingly honest about class, race and sex in America", found success with the critics and was shortlisted the same year by "The New York Times" as "summer reading"; her first publication, it was republished the next year by Vintage Books.

</doc>
<doc id="30971269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971269" title="Dexiini">
Dexiini

Dexiini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30971288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971288" title="Jumping from the frying pan into the fire">
Jumping from the frying pan into the fire

Jumping from the frying pan into the fire is an idiom with the general meaning of escaping a bad situation for a worse situation. It was made the subject of a 15th-century fable that eventually entered the Aesopic canon.
The story and its use.
The Italian author Laurentius Abstemius wrote a collection of 100 fables, the "Hecatomythium", during the 1490s. This included some based on popular idioms and proverbs of the day, of which Still Waters Run Deep is another example. A previous instance of such adaptation was Phaedrus, who had done much the same to the proverb about The Mountain in Labour. Abstemius' fable 20, "De piscibus e sartigine in prunas desilentibus", concerns some fish thrown live into a frying pan of boiling fat. One of them urges its fellows to save their lives by jumping out, but when they do so they fall into the burning coals and curse its bad advice. The fabulist concludes: 'This fable warns us that when we are avoiding present dangers, we should not fall into even worse peril.' The tale was included in Latin collections of Aesop's fables from the following century onwards but the first person to adapt it into English was Roger L'Estrange in 1692. He was followed shortly after by the anonymous author of "Aesop at Oxford", in whose fable "Worse and Worse" the fish jump 'Out of the Frying-Pan, into the Fire' by a collective decision. The moral it illustrates is drawn from a contemporary episode in Polish politics. Another political interpretation was given in 1898 by a cartoon in the American magazine "Puck", urging American intervention in Cuba on the eve of the Spanish-American War (see above).
There are several similar European idioms that derive ultimately from a Greek saying about running from the fire into the flame, the first recorded use of which was in a poem by Germanicus Caesar (15 BCE-19 CE) in the Greek Anthology. There it is applied to a hare that attempts to escape from a dog by jumping into the sea, only to be seized by a 'sea-dog'. The Latin equivalent was the seafaring idiom 'He runs on Scylla, wishing to avoid Charybdis' ("incidit in scyllam cupiens vitare charybdim"), a parallel pointed out by Edmund Arwaker in the moral that follows his verse treatment of the fable. The earliest recorded use of the English idiom was by Thomas More in the course of a pamphlet war with William Tyndale. In "The Confutacyon of Tyndales Answere" (1532) More asserted that his adversary 'featly conuayed himself out of the frying panne fayre into the fyre.'

</doc>
<doc id="30971342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971342" title="Kennedy half dollar mintage figures">
Kennedy half dollar mintage figures

The Kennedy half dollar is a United States coin that has been minted since 1964. The first year of production, 1964, was minted in 90% silver and 10% copper. From 1965 through 1970, the Kennedy half dollar was minted in a 40% silver and 60% copper (clad) composition. All 1970 and 1987 coins were minted for collectors and sold above their face value. 
After 1970, the coins were minted in copper–nickel clad. For the years 1975 and 1976 all halves bore the United States Bicentennial dates "1776-1976". Due to declining numbers in general circulation, 2001 was the last year of Mint-issued general circulation (business strike) half dollars. Beginning with 2002, the coins were minted in smaller numbers and sold only to collectors at premiums above the face value. 

</doc>
<doc id="30971355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971355" title="Synarthrophyton">
Synarthrophyton

Synarthrophyton is a genus of thalloid alga comprising eight species. The monomerous, crustose thalli are composed of a single system of filaments which grow close to the underlying surface. "Synarthrophyton" reproduces by means of flask-shaped multiporate conceptacles; it produces tetraspores and dispores. Mucus plugs the opening of young conceptacles, which open as they mature.
Species.
The valid species currently considered to belong to this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="30971376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971376" title="West Lampung Regency">
West Lampung Regency

West Lampung Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 4,950.4 km² and a population of 418,560 people at the 2010 Census. The capital lies at Liwa. Administratively it is divided into 17 districts and 105 subdistricts and 6 subdistricts administered by lurah. Forest occupies some 57.154% of the total area as of 2011.
Airport.
In early October 2011, the runway tested has been done and the testers concluded that the airport is ready for operation. The airport laid in 50 hectares of land with a 974 meter-long runway, an apron, taxi way, administration building and 1,800 meter road leading to the airport and is located at Seray village, Pesisir Tengah district. It hopes of boosting tourism and precaution in cases of natural disaster.
Dolphin conservation.
Inline with traditional wisdom to prohibit people to catch dolphins, there are hundreds dolphins surrounding Betuah Island and Banana Island with tendency increase in number year by year.
Tanjung Setia Beach.
Tanjung Setia Beach is face up to Indian Ocean, 273 kilometers from Bandar Lampung and takes 6 to 7 hours drive. The waves is 6 to 7 meters height and 200 meters long in June to August every year suitable for world surfers and is categorized same as Hawaii. Several kilometers from the beach we can found Blue Marlin up to 70 kilograms (170 centimeters).

</doc>
<doc id="30971377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971377" title="Weißig">
Weißig

Weißig is the name of the following places:
in Saxony:
in Thuringia:
in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="30971400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971400" title="Catherine Cuthbertson">
Catherine Cuthbertson

Catherine Cuthbertson was an English-language novelist in the early 19th-century. Among her works were "Romance of the Pyrenees" (1803), "Forest of Montalbano" (1810), and "The Hut and the Castle: a Romance" (1823).

</doc>
<doc id="30971420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971420" title="Khalaf Khalafov">
Khalaf Khalafov

Khalaf Khalafov Aly oglu (, born on September 21, 1959), is the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs at the Government of Azerbaijan since 1997.
Early life.
Khalafov was born in Jil village of Chambarak, Armenia SSR on September 21, 1959. He has been graduated from Kiev State University in 1982. After the graduation he worked as an inspector - division chief at the Ministry of Internal Affairs at the Azerbaijani government. In 1990-1991, Khalafov studied at Diplomatic Academy of Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the USSR. 
Political career.
Khalafov started his political career at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan as a second secretary at the Consular Department in 1991. In 1992, he was attained the chief of the Treaty and Legal Department at the ministry. Khalafov was retained in his post until 1997, when at the same year he was appointed the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan. His diplomatic rank is Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.
Personal life.
Khalaf Khalafov is married and has two children. Other than his mother tongue Azerbaijani, he speaks fluent German and Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="30971426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971426" title="Last Resort (1986 film)">
Last Resort (1986 film)

Last Resort is a 1986 comedy film directed by Zane Buzby and produced by Julie Corman. It revolves around George Lollar (Charles Grodin), who takes his family on vacation to "Club Sand", a shoddy and untrustworthy company. On this tropical island they find soldiers everywhere, an unhelpful staff, inhospitable accommodations and undesirable holiday makers, but everyone except for George manages to have fun in the sun.

</doc>
<doc id="30971427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971427" title="Plandora">
Plandora

Plandora is an opensource tool to manage the software development process. It can be useful for teams that have problems with resource bottle-necks, parallel projects, workers in several projects in the same time, critical dead lines and project documentation demands.
History.
The project started in December, 2003 with the requirement phase. In August, 2004 with the system analysis documents almost finished and some source-code implemented (infra-structure classes, build files, libs, etc.) the project was available at sourceforge such as LGPL license (totally free for any purposes).
In 2008, the Plandora Project was presented at FISL9, the international opensource forum that occurs annually at Porto Alegre.
In 2009, the Plandora was mentioned by itmanagement website such as one of the 101 opensources applications for Enterprises Business purposes and one of the 10 open source solutions to be used such as a Management Project system.
Besides that, since 2005 when the first version was released, Plandora was mentioned by a number of technical websites, blogs and academical papers, normally being stated such as an alternative to improve the productivity and management of projects developed in small companies or teams that normally can not afford a commercial solution.

</doc>
<doc id="30971435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971435" title="Si Schroeder">
Si Schroeder

Si Schroeder (born Dublin, Ireland) is the alias of Irish music artist Simon Kenny. He has released one studio album, "Coping Mechanisms", and the singles "Clocked", "Jump Ship", "C4" and "Brailowsky" to date as Si (rhymes with "sigh") Schroeder.
The single "Clocked" was released on 1 June 2012 and is the second release from the forthcoming Si Schroeder LP "Holding Patterns", following the release of the previous single "Jump Ship" on 22 July 2011.
"Coping Mechanisms" was nominated for the 2006 Choice Music Prize Irish album of the year and released on Irish independent record label Trust Me I'm A Thief. Influential Irish blogger Nialler9 named "Coping Mechanisms" his blog's No 1 Irish album of 2006, as did the influential Foggy Notions magazine.
Si Schroeder was one of four music acts selected to represent Ireland at the 2008 Eurosonic Festival held annually in Groningen.
Simon Kenny has also recorded and performed under the alias Schroedersound. Throughout most of the 1990s he was one half of Irish indie rock band Schroeder's Cat whose eponymous four-track EP was released in 1998 on the LA label Emperor Norton Records.
Si Schroeder's current band members are Mark Jordan (guitar) and Bryan O'Connell (drums). Previous band members include Ger Griffin (formerly of Rollerskate Skinny), Joss Moorkens, Jimmy Eadie and Brian Mooney (both formerly of The Idiots and Into Paradise), Kevin Brew and Fiachra Lennon. Irish electronica artist Somadrone, aka Neil O'Connor, also a member of The Redneck Manifesto, has also been part of Si Schroeder's live set-up as has Chequerboard.
Si Schroeder has performed on a number of Irish television shows including on RTÉ One's "The View" presented by John Kelly, RTÉ Two's "Two Tube" and RTÉ Two's "Other Voices" on which he was interviewed by BBC Radio 1 DJ Annie Mac. He has also appeared on the "Airfield Sessions" television programme on Irish television station Channel 6 (now 3e) presented by Irish broadcaster and model Michelle Doherty. 
On 15 January 2013 he was a guest on "The Dave Fanning Show" on "RTÉ 2fm" where he played a session that included three songs - "Jump Ship", "Blood's The Colour" and "Stop" - from the forthcoming album "Holding Patterns".
He has been a guest of Donal Dineen on his former radio show Small Hours on Irish radio station Today FM and on the RTÉ 2XM show "Radio Activity" on 16 November 2012 where he played three songs, "Blood's The Colour", "70s Kid" and "Stop", from the forthcoming LP "Holding Patterns". 
On 20 July 2011 he was a guest on the RTÉ Radio 1 arts show Arena where he played two songs from his forthcoming second album "Holding Patterns" and conducted an interview with presenter Sean Rocks. He was also a guest on former RTÉ Radio 1 programme "The Arts Show" on which he discussed the work of Irish visual artist James Coleman. 
In January 2012, Irish music artist Sunken Foal made available a remix arrangement he created of Si Schroeder's Jump Ship. 

</doc>
<doc id="30971454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971454" title="Craig Switzer">
Craig Switzer

Craig Switzer (born October 16, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played for the University of New Hampshire Wildcats from 2004-2008. He was selected by the Nashville Predators in the 9th round (275th overall) of the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He went on to play for the Las Vegas Wranglers in the ECHL, and after a brief stint in the AHL with the San Antonio Rampage, he now plays in Innsbruck, Austria for HC TWK Innsbruck. During the summer he skates in Exeter, NH with the Seacoast 5030s. 

</doc>
<doc id="30971457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971457" title="Persian legislative election, 1909">
Persian legislative election, 1909

Parliamentary elections were held for the second time in Persia in 1909. The Social Democratic Party won 48% of the seats, whilst the Democratic Party won 24%.
First meeting.
The new Parliament convened on 19 November.

</doc>
<doc id="30971469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971469" title="McNeel Mill">
McNeel Mill

The McNeel Mill is located just south of the intersection of route 219 and route 39 and route 55 in Mill Point, Pocahontas County, West Virginia (2 miles north of Hillsboro, West Virginia). The mill was completed in 1868 by Isaac McNeel and was in operation until 1947. The three-story wood-frame mill operated with a diameter metal mill wheel. 
The present mill is the most recent of a series of mills that have stood on the site since 1778.
Recently the Pocahontas County Historical Society, The Pocahontas County Historic Landmarks Commission, West Virginia Division of Culture and History, The West Virginia State Historic Preservation Office, The Snowshoe Foundation and private individuals have made donations in order to preserve this great building and return it to working order for demonstration purposes.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 8, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="30971470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971470" title="Persian legislative election, 1914">
Persian legislative election, 1914

Parliamentary elections were held in Persia in 1914. The Democratic Party won 31% of the seats, whilst the Social Democratic Party won 24%. The new Parliament convened on 6 December.

</doc>
<doc id="30971475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971475" title="Dexia rustica">
Dexia rustica

Dexia rustica is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30971486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971486" title="Mongolia economic forum">
Mongolia economic forum

The Mongolia Economic Forum is a Mongolian non-political and non-governmental organization which is designed to provide a platform for constructive discussion among key stakeholders, including Government, business, civil society and academia, with added input from potential foreign investors and donors. The Forum has a membership.
An annual conference of the Forum invites leaders and representatives from public, private sectors, academics and civil society to discuss economical and social issues impacting the development of Mongolia, and seeks ways to implement development policies in the country.
Members and guests are welcome to the conference.
The 2011 annual meeting will be held in Ulaanbaatar in March 2–3.
History.
The inaugural Mongolia Economic Forum was held in February 8–9, 2010 under auspices of the Prime Minister of Mongolia with active support of the President of Mongolia and the Parliament of Mongolia. The forum was organized under the motto “Together We Can”. During the two-day event, government officials, private sector actors, academics, foreign investors, donors, and civil society members discussed issues critical to the country’s growth, including capital markets, competitiveness, state registration reform, budgetary reform, mining sector development, environment and green economy.
Following the success of the first Mongolia Economic Forum in 2010, the MEF NGO is hosting the Mongolia Economic Forum 2011 to provide a creative platform for constructive discussion among key stakeholders, including Government, business, civil society and academia, with added input from potential foreign investors and donors. 
The 2011 Mongolia Economic Forum is scheduled to be held in 2–3 March 2011.
Organization.
Headquartered in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, the Mongolian Economic Forum is a non-governmental organization and was established in 2010. The NGO’s highest governing body is the Board of Directors. 
Chairman of the Mongolia Economic Forum NGO is S. Batbold, the Prime Minister of Mongolia. General Secretary of the Mongolia Economic Forum NGO is Ch. Ganhuyag, Deputy Minister of Finance. Mongolia Economic Forum NGO's highest governing body is the Board of Directors. The members of the Board of Directors include P. Tsagaan, Advisor to the President of Mongolia; D. Jargalsaikhan, CEO of Xac Leasing LLC; D. Zorig, Minister of Mineral Resources and Energy; S. Bayartsogt, Minister of Finance; S. Saikhanbileg, Member of Parliament; D. Enkhbat, Member of Parliament; S. Oyun, Member of Parliament; Yo. Otgonbayar, Minister of Education, Culture and Science; J. Zandanshatar, Minister of Foreign Affairs; Ch. Khashchuluun, Chairman of National Development and Innovation Committee and D. Tsogtbaatar, State Secretary of the [http://www.mfat.gov.mn Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Activities.
The Inaugural Mongolia Economic Forum was held in 2010 and it brought together business leaders, politicians, representatives from academia, NGOs and civil society. The forum provided a platform for its speakers, participants to discuss critical issues tied to the development of Mongolia. The following is the briefing on each discussion panel:
Results of discussion (MEF 2010)
Budget Reform:
Development of the Mining Sector:
Environment and Green Economy:
State Registration Reform:
Capital Markets Reform:
Competitiveness:
Participants and Keynote speakers
The inaugural forum opened with keynote remarks by Ts. Elbegdorj, President of Mongolia. About the forum, he said in his remark:
Prime Minister S. Batbold and President Ts. Elbegdorj both stated that the Forum’s primary objective is: "“to build consensus around defining sustainable economic development policies and addressing pressing challenges faced by key economic sectors of Mongolia among policy makers, business communities, academia, and the civil society.”"
The panel sessions were moderated and participated by well-known business leaders, politicians, civil society leaders in Mongolia. Panel participants include, to name a few, S. Bayartsogt, Minister of Finance, D. Sugar, Chairman of the State Property Committee, B. Bold, CEO of Newcom Group, Alisher Ali Djumanov, CEO of Eurasia Capital, Ganhuyag Ch Hutagt, CEO of Tenger Financial Group, Philipp Ter Woort, Country Director of EBRD, B. Unenbat, former President of Mongolbank and etc.
Guest of Honor
Hernando de Soto, the President of the Institute for Liberty and Democracy, was invited to the Forum as the first Guest of Honor. The Peruvian Economist, Hernando de Soto, read a lecture “Significance of registration structure, validation of property rights is foundation of progress”. According to Hernando de Soto, only 20 per cent of property in Mongolians has official registrations. It means that a 7,5 billion USD worth of property is stuck without registration, validation and is outside of the economy.
In the speech, de Soto laid out what he described as five necessities to achieve economic success: rule of law, trust, respect for nature and man and the rule of law, value is not only related to labor but also documentation, and political will.
Sponsors
Sponsors for the Forum in 2010 include:

</doc>
<doc id="30971498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971498" title="History of Rockland County, New York (1798–1900)">
History of Rockland County, New York (1798–1900)

The recorded history of Rockland County, New York begins on February 23, 1798, when the county was formed as an administrative division of the state of New York. It is located north-northwest of New York City, and is part of the New York Metropolitan Area. The county seat is the hamlet of New City. The name comes from "rocky land", an early description of the area given by settlers. Rockland is New York's southernmost county west of the Hudson River. It is suburban in nature, with a considerable amount of scenic designated parkland. Rockland County does not border any of the New York City boroughs, but is only north of Manhattan at the counties' (New York and Rockland) two respective closest points (Palisades, New York, in Rockland and Inwood Park in Manhattan)
Most of the early settlers were Dutch, with a sprinkling of Huguenot and Quaker families. The settlers lived almost entirely off the land, farming – berries, fruits and vegetables, as well as hunting, fishing, and trapping.
Early attempts to settle the county by the Dutch were generally unsuccessful, and in 1664 they handed over the territory to the English. Yet the Dutch did leave a legacy in place names like Dunderberg Mountain, Sparkill and High Tor, as well as a small collection of unique sandstone houses like the 1700 DeWint House, built in Tappan and still exists, which later served as George Washington’s headquarters.
During the American Revolutionary War, Rockland County was a strategic crossroads, camping ground and vital link between the northern and southern colonies. Troops often used Kings Ferry at Stony Point and Dobbs Ferry at Snedens Landing in Palisades. The first post office in Rockland County was established at New Antrim, now Suffern, on October 4, 1797.
By 1800, the total population of the newly created County of Rockland was nearly 6,400. The land was cleared, homes, schools and churches were built and sawmills and gristmills erected along the numerous creeks.
By 1828, Native Americans had virtually disappeared from the county and slavery existed in a diminished form.
History.
The area that would become Rockland County was originally inhabited by Algonquian-speaking Indians, including Munsees, or Lenni Lenape.
In 1609, Hendrick Hudson, thinking he had found the legendary "Northwest Passage", sailed on the Half Moon up the river that would one day bear his name and anchored near the area that is now Haverstraw before continuing to disillusionment north of Albany.
The Dutch were the first Europeans to settle in the area. A number of unique Dutch-style red sandstone houses still stand, and many placenames in the county reveal their Dutch origin.
When the Duke of York (who became King James II of England) established the first twelve counties of New York in 1683, present-day Rockland County was part of Orange County. Orangetown was created at the same time, originally encompassing all of modern Rockland County. Haverstraw was separated from Orangetown in 1719 and became a town in 1788; it included the present-day Clarkstown, Ramapo and Stony Point. Clarkstown and Ramapo became towns in 1791, followed by Stony Point in 1865. Rockland County was split from Orange County in 1798.
During the American Revolution, when control of the Hudson River was viewed by the British as strategic to dominating the American territories, Rockland saw skirmishes at Haverstraw, Nyack and Piermont, and significant military engagements at the Battle of Stony Point, where General "Mad" Anthony Wayne earned his nickname. George Washington had headquarters for a time at John Suffern's tavern, the later site of the village of Suffern.
British Major John André met with American traitor Benedict Arnold near Stony Point to buy the plans for the fortifications at West Point. André was captured with the plans in Tarrytown on his way back to the British lines; he was brought to Tappan for trial in the Tappan church, found guilty, hanged and buried nearby.
The American Industrial Revolution was supplied, in part, from forests and iron mines in Rockland County. Resource utilization extracted a heavy toll on the region, especially from lumbering and agriculture, since the poor, thin soils on hillsides were easily depleted. By the early 20th century, development along the lower Hudson River had begun to destroy much of the area's natural beauty.
Many unsuccessful efforts were made to turn much of the Hudson Highlands into a forest preserve. However, when the State of New York tried to relocate Sing Sing Prison to Bear Mountain in 1909, some of the wealthy businessmen who had homes in the area, led by Union Pacific Railroad president E. H. Harriman, donated land as well as large sums of money for the purchase of properties in the area of Bear Mountain. Bear Mountain/Harriman State Park became a reality in 1910, and by 1914 it was estimated that more than a million people a year were coming to the park.
Historical settlements.
In the 19th century, the following settlements were created in these towns. Several have been renamed, some expanded and others disappeared.
The naming of settlements mostly derived from the person who owned the land, the geography of the location. Currently Rockland County is one of 24 areas in New York State designated a Preserve America Community.
Historical places of Rockland County.
See National Register of Historic Places listings in Rockland County, New York.
American Revolutionary War and War of 1812.
Two important battles took place in Rockland County during the American Revolutionary War – the capture by the British of Fort Clinton at Bear Mountain in October 1777 and the victorious attack by General "Mad Anthony" Wayne’s army on the British fort at Stony Point in July 1779. Rockland was also the site of the first formal recognition of the new nation by the British. On May 5, 1783, General George Washington received the British Commander, Sir Guy Carleton, at the 1700 DeWint House to discuss the terms of the peace treaty. On May 7, 1783, Sir Guy Carleton received General George Washington aboard his vessel "Perseverance". On this day, the King’s Navy fired its first salute to the flag of the United States of America. During the War of 1812 against the British Empire, Rockland turned out more soldiers in proportion than any other county in the state. Four Union generals and four Medal of Honor recipients lived in Rockland.
Rockland County's historical and notable people from the past.
Historical figures who came to Rockland County.
Alexander Hamilton – 1st United States Secretary of the Treasury. 
Benjamin Harrison – 23rd President of the United States. 
Millard Fillmore – 13th President of the United States. 
Franklin Delano Roosevelt – then governor of the State of New York and afterwards the 32nd President of the United States. 
George Clinton – First (and longest-serving) elected Governor of New York, and then 4th Vice President of the United States. 
George Washington – 1st President of the United States (1776–1783) Approximately 20 times. 
Grover Cleveland – 22nd and 24th President of the United States. 
Harry S. Truman – 33rd President of the United States. 
Martha Washington – The 1st First Lady of the United States. 
Martin Van Buren – 8th President of the United States. 
Theodore Roosevelt – 26th President of the United States.
Former President Herbert Hoover became the first honorary chairman of Tolstoy Foundation in Valley Cottage, New York, in 1939 and served in this capacity until his death in 1964.
Other historical figures who came to Rockland County.
Thurgood Marshall – Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States
The Clarksville Witch 1816.
Jane Kannif, the widow of a Scotch physician, lived in a small house on Germonds Road in West Nyack. She devoted herself to the care of her only child, a son by a previous marriage, named Tobias Lowrie. She treated, with great results, neighbors that came to her with herbs and methods she learned from her late husband. But "Naut Kannif", as she was called, seemed to have been exceedingly eccentric. According to the people at that time she dressed oddly, had strange hairdos and was unsociable. She was regarded as insane – worst yet – a witch in an era of superstition. It was decided to take "Naut" to Auert Polhemus's grist mill and using his great flour scales weigh her against the old Holland Dutch family Bible, iron bound, with wooden covers and iron chain to carry it by. If outweighed by the Bible, she must be a witch beyond any doubt, and must suffer accordingly. She was taken to the mill against her most earnest protest, put on the scales, and weighed. Weighing more than the Bible, the committee released her. This was the last witch trial in the state of New York.
Hangings in Rockland County.
There are three recorded hangings in Rockland County. They all took place in the 18th century.
Early industries.
The earliest of its industries was the growing of foodstuffs for the great city. Iona Island, known as Weyant's Island became famous with the noted Iona grape as well as hundreds of fruit trees and vines.
Besides agriculture, boat building was one of the early industries until after the American Civil War. Johnsontown in Haverstraw was the seat of the first boat building. Nanuet ran a Lumber business. The mountain people in Ladentown made baskets, beer barrel hoops, bowls, chairs, ladles and spoons they made from the wood and reeds found in the mountain to sell or take to New York City to be sold.
Mills, both saw and grist, were among the first industries of the county. As early as 1792, tanneries were in existence. Theill's Corners, named after a Dane who came to the locality previous to the Revolution erected a forge. Water power of the Minisceongo was used for grinding grist in 1793;
A 120-foot dam was constructed across the Ramapo River. By 1813, The Ramapo Works, owned by the Pierson brothers were producing a million pounds of nails annually. The addition of a cotton mill in 1814, and later woolen mills, nearly doubled the size of the Works, which in 1822 were incorporated under the name "Ramapo Manufacturing Company." During its heyday, the Pierson nail factory was a powerful economic stimulus to the region because of its links to existing agricultural and commercial trade. Ramapo developed into an agricultural marketplace and a locale for manufacturing innovations. Garnerville was the home of the John Suffern Paper Mill in 1850, and print cotton textile factories. West Haverstraw, once known as Samsondale, was where a large rolling mill was started in 1830;
Ramapo built its early reputation in the iron industry. Iron mining was opened up by an English company in 1768 and in 1771 a nickel mine. Because of the proximity of iron mines, numerous metal products were made – plows, hoes, railings, nails, machinery, even cannonballs.
Grey and red sandstones were quarried in great quantities, Building stone from local quarries went into the old Capitol at Albany, Fort Lafayette and the old Trinity Church in New York, and the first building at Rutgers College. In 1838 Calvin Tomkins and his brother Daniel purchased approximately of land, located in a cove north of the Stony Point promontory, limestone was found in usable quantities suitable for burning along the river shore for the purpose of making lime.
Rockland factories made shoes, straw hats, silk and cotton cloth, sulfur matches, smoking pipes and pianos. But the greatest of the industries was the making of brick followed by the ice harvesting.
The first bricks, made for public market, were baked in 1810 on the banks of the Minisceongo, but not until James Wood, of England, set up a brick kiln at Haverstraw, in 1817, was the first successful plant erected. Wood developed the modern way of mixing coal dust with the clay, in 1828, which revolutionized the manufacture of brick. Commonly referred to as "Bricktown", Haverstraw was famous for its brickmaking, which was a major industry for the village. Brickmaking was so popular due to the clay formed by the Hudson River's water and the rich soil that lined Haverstraw's waterfront, that it was nicknamed the "Brickmaking Capital of the World". Many of the old brownstone and brick structures that were constructed in New York City in the late 1890s-early 1900s were composed of bricks manufactured by Haverstraw. At one point, in the early 20th century, there were more than 40 brickmaking factories lining the Hudson River within the village. Although brickmaking involved all the ethnic groups, 60 percent of the brickyard workers were African-Americans.
Rockland Lake, a beautiful sheet of water a half mile back from the Hudson, at an elevation of more the 150 feet above that river was and is the most notable natural lake and the source of one of the largest branches of the Hackensack River.
Rockland Lake, known to have had the cleanest and purest ice in the area was harvested by The Knickerbocker Ice Company established 1831. The company harvested thousands of tons of ice from the lake each year and once harvested 1 million tons of ice. The wooden storehouse's walls were insulated with sawdust to keep the ice blocks frozen until they were shipped in the summer. By 1834, the company owned a dozen steamboats, 75 ice barges and employed about 3,000 to ship ice countrywide. The stored ice was placed on inclined railroad cars, transported down the mountainside, placed on barges on the Hudson River and shipped to New York City. Slaughter's Landing was used as the shipping point for the Ice harvested at Rockland Lake. So much ice was shipped that Rockland Lake became known as the "Icehouse of New York City".
Transportation during the earlier years.
Stagecoach.
Roads were primitive and transporting products from the western end of the county to the Hudson River was very difficult. After legislative approval, it took 17 years to complete the Nyack Turnpike, a cross-country carriage road which connected Nyack to Suffern. The stagecoach which crossed the Ramapo Pass, was heavily traveled in winter when the Hudson River froze over to travel between Albany, New York and New York City.
Historic steamboats.
With the lack of roads, travel was largely confined to sloops, which made regular trips up and down the river. Steamboats were built to travel up and down the Hudson, carrying both passengers and freight. Steamboats provided much of the transportation to New York City. Steamboat navigation in Rockland started with a local steam vessel named the "Orange" referred by some as "Pot-Cheese" in reference to her beauty and others “The Flying Dutchman" because of her speed. She provided regular schedule between Nyack and New York. The North River Steamboat or North River (often erroneously referred to as Clermont) is widely regarded as the world's first commercially successful steamboat. It was not until twenty years later that a boat was used that could be depended on to make a round trip in one day attracting competition from steamboats later built at Haverstraw and Tappan. To facilitate steamboat traffic from Tappan Landing, a road was built over the marshes to the end of a 500-foot pier, which within a few years became the terminus of the Erie Railroad#New York & Erie Railroad. The construction of this road was an invaluable aid in the development of the county. It caused the building of Piermont with its lone pier which made possible the founding of a half dozen villages and opened the way to the utilization of the mineral and agricultural resources of Rockland. Other railroads followed.
Hudson River Day liners included PS Alexander Hamilton, PS Chauncey Vibbard, PS Washington Irving
Prominent Hudson River steamboats included Chancellor Livingston (1816), James Kent (1823), DeWitt Clinton (1828), Robert L. Stevens (1835), Rip Van Winkle (1845), Isaac Newton (1846), Daniel Drew (1860), Thomas Cornell (1863), Chauncey Vibbard (1864), Dean Richmond(1864), Charles W. Morse (1904), Hendrick Hudson (1906), Robert Fulton (1909) constructed or engines built by Allaire Iron Works, Cornelius H. DeLamater, Harlan and Hollingsworth, Jonh Stevens, W. & A. Fletcher Company, West Point Foundry.
Historic railroads.
In 1833, a charter was given to the New York and Erie Railroad, which had trains running in the county by 1840.
New York and Erie Railroad was completed in 1851 becoming the longest railroad in the US stretching 483 miles from Piermont to Dunkirk on Lake Erie and the second-longest railroad in the world. The President of the United States, Millard Fillmore, 13th President of the United States and the Secretary of State, Daniel Webster, along with a score of national and state officials, boarded the train at the Piermont Pier for the first trip. Back in the 19th century railroads, freight and passenger lines, were instrumental for the development, growth and prosperity of Rockland County. Many of the hamlets and villages were built near the Depots. Most of the Post Offices were built near the stations. Passengers traveling to New York City would board steamers at Piermont.
(A) The New Jersey & New York Railroad – 1875
(B) New City Branch NJ&NY Railroad
(C) Erie Railroad Piermont Branch −1870
(D) Northern Railroad of NJ – 1859
(E) New York, West Shore & Buffalo Railroad −1883
(F) Main Line
(G) – May 18, 1864.
Rockland County places of interest.
The Dunderberg Spiral Railway.
A pleasure railroad partially constructed in 1890–1891 and never finished. The first part of the ride would have taken the cars up two inclined planes to the summit above the Hudson River, where visitors could disembark to enjoy the scenery. Then the cars would have coasted by gravity down a nine-mile (14 km) scenic railway, making two spirals and three switchbacks. It would have been to this day the biggest roller coaster ever constructed.
Piermont hand-cranked drawbridge.
The Piermont hand-cranked drawbridge was originally built in 1880 by The King Iron Bridge Company, a Cleveland company in the state of Ohio that constructed more than 10,000 bridges over six decades. The hand-cranked drawbridge is used as a pedestrian walkway providing a link to Tallman Mountain State Park. This bridge is the only hand-cranked drawbridge in Rockland County and perhaps in the United States. Back in the day, fishermen on sloops heading up and down the creek got out of their vessel, cranked up the drawbridge, sailed across, got out of their vessel and cranked down the drawbridge for vehicular traffic. The whole bridge was dismantled piece by piece, sent off-site for restoration and restored to its original state after a complete forensic analysis. Allan King Sloan, the great-great-grandson of the company's founder, provided some of the information that is on the historical marker nearby and attended the dedication ceremony on August 7, 2009.
Art gallery.
Historic paintings.
The following artists studied at the Hudson River School:

</doc>
<doc id="30971500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971500" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Seattle, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Seattle, Washington

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Seattle, Washington.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in the city Seattle, Washington, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
Of the 269 properties and districts listed on the National Register in King County, 185 are located in Seattle; these are listed below, while the remaining 84 properties and districts are listed elsewhere. Three properties were once listed on the National Register in Seattle but have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="30971505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971505" title="Thermoteknix Systems Ltd">
Thermoteknix Systems Ltd

Thermoteknix Systems Ltd – a British manufacturer of infrared (IR) imaging and thermal measurement based hardware, systems and software applications.
History.
Thermoteknix started its operations in 1982. They are headquartered at Teknix House in Cambridge, UK.
In 1998 Thermoteknix were recognized by the "Queen's Award For Export Achievement", and in 2008 by the "Queen's Award for Enterprise (Innovation)". In 2009 BBC FOCUS magazine rewarded Thermoteknix with BBC FOCUS Award for its “Thermal imaging equipment”.
In September 2004 one of the Thermoteknix infrared cameras assisted with the cleanup after Hurricanes Charley and Frances in Florida, USA. In 2005 Thermoteknix became technical partner of Red Bull Cheever Racing for the Indianapolis 500. A Thermoteknix camera was selected for use on the target missile in the November 2005’s Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) intercept test. The same cameras and technology were also used in Formula 1. In June 2006 Thermoteknix camera was used in the Seaworld amusement park in Orlando, Florida, to see if infrared thermography could spot the reason a killer whale was off its food and had lost its performing edge. In June 2009 one of the cameras made in Cambridge was blasted to the moon by NASA in the quest to find water.
Operations.
Main areas of operations: Infrared Thermography | Process Industry IR Monitoring Systems | Miniature Radiometric & Rugged Thermal Imaging Cameras
Within Infrared Thermography in the early 1980s Thermoteknix developed electronic hardware and software. In 2002 they launched a portable infrared camera – the world’s first infrared camera with simultaneous video display, voice recording, Wi-Fi and Touch-screen Operator interface for Predictive Maintenance. These models are used for Fever Screening at airports, Science and Real-time R&D.
Process Industry IR Monitoring Systems developed by Thermoteknix include an IR linescan and IR imaging video cameras, designed for long life and high performance accuracy in the harsh environments as cement plants, lime plants, paper mills, power plants and steel mills. 
Miniature Radiometric & Rugged Thermal Imaging Cameras are developed for commercial and military industry which require small, low power radiometric cameras that survive in environmental extremes. These miniature IR cameras are installed in the fields of motor racing, rocketry and other applications.

</doc>
<doc id="30971511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971511" title="Imperfect Remixes">
Imperfect Remixes

Imperfect Remixes is an EP by Armenian-American singer Serj Tankian, released on March 1, 2011, featuring edited remixes from his previous album, "Imperfect Harmonies", which was released in September 2010. This compilation features Tom Morello, providing the rock remix of "Goodbye – Gate 21". The album also has an extra B-side from the "Imperfect Harmonies" sessions, entitled "Goddamn Trigger".
Music video.
A music video for "Goodbye - Gate 21" was released on February 28, 2011. It features Serj Tankian, Tom Morello, the FCC, and an unidentified girl. Scenes of the band playing are interspersed with shots of the girl in various states of emotion. The video ends with the girl carrying a suitcase down a corridor. Ara Soudjian and George Tonikian directed the video.

</doc>
<doc id="30971522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971522" title="Dinera ferina">
Dinera ferina

Dinera ferina is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30971537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971537" title="South Lampung Regency">
South Lampung Regency

South Lampung Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia, a strip of land lying between the provincial capital of Bandar Lampung and the Sunda Strait, as such its a major transit corridor to/from Java island. The capital lies at Kalianda. The regency has seen a population influx as migrants escape the crushing population densities and everyday struggles of living in the massive urban paralysis of Greater Jakarta, its along with Bandar Lampung's character is increasingly reflecting the cosmopolitan makeup of Jakartans rather than the surrounds of a typical provincial capital and hinterland. This has resulted in flaring of ethnic tensions, including rioting. 
Administration.
Administratively it is divided into 17 districts ("kecamatan"), 3 "kelurahan" and 248 "desa". 
History.
Pesawaran Regency, the part south of Bandar Lampung, was carved out of it in 2007.
In January 2011, tens of thousands of inhabitants of South Lampung had to be evacuated by the South Lampung Disaster Mitigation Agency (BPBD) in the seven districts of Kalianda, Rajabasa, Katibung, Sidomulyo, Ketapang, Sragi and Palas due to volcanic ash from the Mount Anak Krakatau.There is an observation station at Hargopancuran village in South Lampung used to monitor activity.

</doc>
<doc id="30971555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971555" title="Martin Olive">
Martin Olive

Martin Olive (born 18 April 1958) played first-class and List A cricket for Somerset from 1977 to 1981. He also played Minor Counties and List A cricket for Devon. He was born at Watford, Hertfordshire.
Olive was a right-handed middle-order or opening batsman. He was a successful school cricketer at Millfield School and was playing for Somerset's second eleven at the age of 17. In 1977, he made a single List A appearance and then his first-class debut, playing in a handful of games, and then appeared in the England Under-19 team in one-day international matches. The strength of Somerset's squad restricted Olive's first-team opportunities to a single game in each of the 1978 and 1979 seasons; he did not play any further one-day matches for Somerset. But in 1980, he played in nine first-class games, and in the match against Yorkshire at Weston-super-Mare he made exactly 50, the only first-class half-century of his career. "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack", in its report on Somerset in the 1981 edition, said that Olive "did enough to suggest a future as a sound opening batsman".
In 1981, however, Olive was unsuccessful in the three first-class matches in which he appeared, and Jeremy Lloyds became the regular opening batsman for the team. Olive left the Somerset staff at the end of the season and took a job in a building society in Devon: the building society was the target of a holdup on his first day. In 1982, 1986 and 1987, he played Minor Counties cricket for Devon and in 1987 he made a single List A appearance in the NatWest Trophy, opening the batting for Devon in a heavy defeat against Worcestershire.
As of 2011, he is head of key accounts at Sun Life Financial of Canada, based in Bristol.

</doc>
<doc id="30971560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971560" title="John Littleton (disambiguation)">
John Littleton (disambiguation)

John Littleton is an artist.
John Littleton is also the name of:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="30971590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971590" title="Lilienthal Gliding Medal">
Lilienthal Gliding Medal

Lilienthal Gliding Medal – the highest soaring award in the world, established by Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) in 1938 in honor of Otto Lilienthal, a German pioneer of human aviation. It aims "to reward a particularly remarkable performance in gliding, or eminent services to the sport of gliding over a long period of time". The award is made at the annual FAI General Conference. Medal was designed by Austrian artist Josef Humplik.
The first winner of the Lilienthal Gliding Medal in the world was Tadeusz Góra for his record-breaking 577.8-kilometer flight on May 18, 1938, glider PWS-101 from Bezmiechowa to Soleczniki (near Vilnius).
Recipients.
Recipients of this award, from 1938 to present, include:

</doc>
<doc id="30971597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971597" title="S. flavescens">
S. flavescens

S. flavescens may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30971642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971642" title="The Borrowers Avenged">
The Borrowers Avenged

The Borrowers Avenged is a children's fantasy novel by Mary Norton, published in 1982 by Viking Kestrel in the UK and Harcourt in the US. It was the last of five books in a series that is usually called "The Borrowers", inaugurated by "The Borrowers" in 1952.
"The Borrowers Avenged" was written more than 20 years after its predecessor "The Borrowers Aloft" (1961). 
It is about twice as long as the others at nearly 300 pages; 
the 1966 British omnibus edition of four novels was only 699 pages. Pauline Baynes succeeded Diana L. Stanley as illustrator in the U.K. while Beth and Joe Krush continued as U.S. illustrators.
The book received a positive reception by critics. "New York" magazine called it a "well-drawn portrait ...wittily told" 
while "Country Life" called it "a modern classic in the making".
Plot.
"The Borrowers Avenged" details the events following the escape of the tiny Clock family from the attic of the scheming humans Mr and Mrs Platter and their search for a new home. After returning to the Little Fordham model village, the Clocks set out in Spiller's boat for their new home, the rectory of the local church. They make a night journey down the river, barely missing the Platters who are looking for them. When they arrive at the rectory they discover that their relatives Lupy, Hendreary and Timmus are living in the church next door. Arrietty also meets another borrower named Peagreen Overmantel who shows them a place to live under a window seat.
The Clocks settle in comfortably and Arrietty is allowed to go outside and do all of the borrowing for the two borrower families. She discovers that her human friend Miss Menzies goes to the church to arrange flowers, but she is forbidden to speak to her. The Platters, having severely damaged the model village in their hunt for the borrowers, decide to use one of Homily's old aprons to help the local "finder" Lady Mullings locate the borrowers. Miss Menzies recognizes the apron and becomes suspicious. Meanwhile, the Platters spot Timmus in the church and break in after hours to catch him, but they accidentally ring the church bells and are caught by the humans in suspicious circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="30971651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971651" title="Phaseolin (pterocarpan)">
Phaseolin (pterocarpan)

Phaseolin is a prenylated pterocarpan found in French bean ("Phaseolus vulgaris") seeds and in the stems of "Erythrina subumbrans".

</doc>
<doc id="30971658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971658" title="Agoncillo, La Rioja">
Agoncillo, La Rioja

Agoncillo is a town and municipality in La Rioja province in northern Spain. 
Club Deportivo Agoncillo is a football team based in Agoncillo.
History.
It is believed that the name comes from an ancient Celtic setllement named Egon whose ruins lie near the town. The area was also populated in Ancient Roman times.
Aerodrome.
A military aerodrome was built in Recajo, a town within Agoncillo municipal term, in 1923. It was first known as "Aeródromo de Recajo", but in 1932 at the time of the Second Spanish Republic its official name was changed to "Aeródromo de Agoncillo". Located about 10 km from Logroño, since 1939 it housed the "Maestranza Aérea de Logroño" of the Spanish Air Force with the "Regimiento de Bombardeo Nº 15, Escuadrón 110" that operated Heinkel He 111 bombers until the late 1950s. 
After the bomber squadrons were phased out, the aerodrome reverted to civilian use as the Logroño-Agoncillo Airport. It now has a smaller airstrip and houses a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="30971670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971670" title="Amphiroa">
Amphiroa

Amphiroa is a genus of thalloid alga comprising 111 species. Specimens can reach around 30 cm in size. The thalli take a crustose form; dichotomous branches are formed. The organisms possess secondary pit connections. "Amphiroa" reproduces by means of conceptacles; it produces tetraspores. Its pore canals are lined with parallel filaments; the morphology of the pore canal is a key trait used to delineate species within the genus.
Species.
The valid species currently considered to belong to this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="30971683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971683" title="Phaseolin">
Phaseolin

Phaseolin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30971700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971700" title="Prosena siberita">
Prosena siberita

Prosena siberita is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
It has a long proboscis that it keeps hinged under the body. Its larvae parasitize the larvae of scarab beetles.

</doc>
<doc id="30971711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971711" title="Guna Nua">
Guna Nua

Gúna Nua Theatre Company is an independent theatre production company based in Dublin, Ireland. The company has a strong commitment to devising and producing new Irish writing as well as presenting radical interpretations of classic plays. Founded in 1998 by Paul Meade and John O'Brien, Gúna Nua has received numerous awards and nominations and is now firmly established on the Irish theatre landscape. 
Gúna Nua Theatre is grant-aided in Ireland by the Arts Council and by Dublin City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="30971714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971714" title="Protests in Sudan (2011–present)">
Protests in Sudan (2011–present)

Protests in Sudan began in January 2011 as part of the Arab Spring regional protest movement. Unlike other Arab countries, popular uprisings in Sudan succeeded in toppling the government prior to the Arab Spring, in both 1964 and 1985. Demonstrations were less common throughout the summer of 2011, during which South Sudan seceded from Sudan, but resumed in force late in the year, and in June 2012 shortly after the government passed its much criticized austerity plan.
Background.
President Omar al-Bashir has been the Sudanese president since he led a bloodless coup in 1989. Bashir began instituting Sharia and abolished political parties in 1990. He appointed himself president in 1993, returned Sudan to civilian rule, and won a presidential election in 1996 as the only candidate. In 2008, the International Criminal Court called for his arrest for alleged genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. But Sudan rejected the indictment, saying the decision was defiance against Sudan's sovereignty. The political system of Sudan are widely considered by both domestic and international community to take place within an authoritarian system due to the control of the National Congress Party of the judiciary, executive and legislative branches of government.
Sudan has lost billions of dollars in oil receipts since South Sudan gained independence in July 2011, about three quarters of Sudan's oil fields falling within the territory of the new country. The north has been left struggling for revenue, plagued by inflation, and with a severe shortage of dollars to pay for imports. The landlocked South depended on the north's pipeline and port to export its crude, but Khartoum and Juba could not agree on how much South Sudan should pay to use the infrastructure. Sudan's already depleted oil revenues shrank by a further 20 per cent after its main Heglig oil field was damaged and shut down in fighting with invading South Sudanese troops in April 2012.
In an attempt to address the economic meltdown, the Sudanese government has announced a new austerity plan on 18 June 2012, which includes raising taxes on consumer goods, cutting the number of civil servants on its payroll, raising the price of a gallon of petrol by 5 Sudanese pounds, pushing it up to 13.5 pounds from 8.5 pounds, and lifting the fuel subsidies. The plan did not gain much acceptance among common Sudanese as it is believed that the prices of every commodity will get hikes in effect from transport to domestically produced food and other goods.
The protests in Sudan have been influenced by the revolutionary wave that started in Tunisia and later spread to other Middle Eastern and North African nations. The protests followed shortly after a successful independence referendum in January 2011, on whether South Sudan should secede from Sudan and become an independent nation.
Following the self-immolation of Mohamed Bouazizi in Tunisia on 17 December 2010, Al-Amin Moussa Al-Amin set himself ablaze on 23 January 2011 in Omdurman.
Protests.
Start of protests.
On 30 January 2011, protests took place in Khartoum and Al-Ubayyid ("el-Obeid"). In Khartoum, police clashed with demonstrators in the town centre and at least two universities. Demonstrators had organized on online social networking sites since the Tunisian protests the month before. Hussein Khogali, editor in chief of the "Al-Watan" newspaper stated that his daughter had been arrested for organizing the protest via Facebook and opposition leader Mubarak al-Fadil's two sons were arrested while on their way to the main protest. Pro-government newspapers had warned that protests would cause chaos. Some protesters called for President Omar al-Bashir to step down. Activists said that dozens of people had been arrested. The protests came on the same day the preliminary results for the referendum indicated some 99% of South Sudanese voted to secede. One student died in hospital the same night from injuries received in the clashes. Students threw rocks at police officers while chanting "No to high prices, no to corruption" and "Tunisia, Egypt, Sudan together as one." Police officers arrested five and put down the protest.
In the Al-Ubayyid 30 January demonstration, about 500 people protested "against the government and demanding change" in the market. Police broke up the demonstration using tear gas.
On 1 February 2011, about 200 students demonstrated in front of Al-Neelain University in Khartoum. Police stopped the demonstration.
Further protests, scheduled for 21 March were violently suppressed as they were beginning.
On 1 November, hundreds of protesters took to the streets in the eastern town of Kassala.
Student protests in December 2011.
Students protested at the Red Sea University in Port Sudan after the arrest of several Darfuri student leaders on the night of 21 December, with many Darfuri student activists calling for a revolution and declaring their open support for the Sudan Revolutionary Front fighting the government in the south. On 26 December 42 Darfuri students left the Red Sea University in protest over their treatment, Radio Dabanga reported.
Students also clashed with riot police wielding batons after security forces stormed the University of Khartoum on 22 December to break up a rally by about 700 student demonstrators protesting the displacement of the Manasir community caused by the construction of the Merowe Dam. Twenty were injured and at least four were arrested, activists told media. On 24 December, approximately 16,000 students attempted to launch a sit-in at the university to protest the police, the university administration, and the federal government, but they were dispersed by riot police who deployed tear gas, dealt out beatings, and arrested at least 73. Leaders of the student movement warned that they would continue to organize and demand the overthrow of the government despite security officers' violent tactics. On 30 December, thousands of students successfully launched a sit-in protest, the Associated Press reported.
At Sudan University of Science and Technology in Khartoum, fighting between student supporters of Khalil Ibrahim and the ruling National Congress Party broke out on 28 December, days after the Sudanese government announced Ibrahim's death in a battle between his Darfuri rebel group JEM and the Sudan People's Armed Forces. Twelve were injured in the brawl, which police used tear gas to disperse.
The student protests, in particular those at the University of Khartoum, have been blamed by police on the influence of unnamed Sudanese opposition parties.
Anti-austerity protests in June–July 2012.
Hundreds of female students in the University of Khartoum protested peacefully in the surroundings of their hostels at the central campus on the evening of 16 June. The protesters voice opposition against the escalation of prices and economic hardship in Sudan. The next day, students took to the streets, denouncing the austerity measures one day ahead of plans announced by the Sudanese government.
As Omar Al-Bashir has formally announced a series of deep budget cuts while addressing the National Assembly in Khartoum, about 250 students held anti-austerity protest in the Khartoum University. Riot police used tear gas and batons against the protesters who in turn threw stones at police. The clashes took place in front of the main campus of the University of Khartoum and in the suburb Omdurman against more than 300 student protesters. On 20 June, hundreds of students held anti-austerity protest for another day, escalating their demands and started to chant slogans like "No, no to high prices" and "The people want to overthrow the regime".
Shortly after the Friday prayers on 22 June, hundreds of Sudanese assembled to protest. Unlike the previous protest held during the past few days, this protest was not mainly a student led one due to the protest spreading into many neighborhoods that had been quiet. Protests took place in Omdurman, Khartoum, Burri, Al-Daim, El Obeid, Sennar, and Bahri saw demonstrations after noon prayers. The police escalated the use of force during their clashes with the protesters and the smell of tear gas and broken rocks covered streets. Men in civilian clothes also attacked the demonstrators. Students in Kassala protested on 27 June outside the local university against the austerity measures and called for regime change.
On 29 June, around 2,000 protesters gathered in the capital and chanted anti-government slogans. Hundreds of police and security forces attacked the demonstration with tear gas. Other protests in the area of north Kordofan were reported. Activists said that a man named Amir Bayoumi, from Omdurman, has reportedly died from the effects of inhaling tear gas.
The largest protest so far erupted in Sudan on 6 July in which between 3,000 and 4,000 people protested at Al Ansar mosque in Wad Nubawi, Omdurman. Security forces and police blocked the roads leading to the Al Ansar mosque and surrounded the courtyard before the end of Friday prayers.
Sudanese university students armed with sticks and stones on Wednesday staged one of their largest protest on 11 July since unrest sparked by inflation began nearly a month ago. Security forces fired tear gas while students at the University of Khartoum were shouting and throwing stones after the protest began mid-afternoon. Two days later, Sudanese police surrounded the Imam Abdel Rahman Mosque in Omdurman and fired teargas when some 300 worshippers started a protest after noon prayers. Officers used batons to drive worshippers back inside the mosque where they continued their protest for more than an hour. On 16 July, a group of over 300 Sudanese lawyers protested outside Khartoum’s main courtroom on Monday against the government’s use of violence and arbitrary detention during last Friday's peaceful demonstrations.
On 31 July, more than 1,000 protesters, mostly students, threw rocks at police, burned tires and blocked roads in the market area of Nyala, on Tuesday. Activists said police forces fired heavy teargas and live bullets, leading to the death of 12 protesters and injury of more than 50 and added that 9 of the victims' bodies have been received at Nyala Hospital. However, the authorities issued conflicting statements with the police, saying eight were killed and South Darfur governor saying only six protesters were killed. The weeks of protests later ended with a huge security crackdown, with almost more than 2,000 people were arrested.
Sporadic protests.
On 5 December 2012, four students at Gezira University, Darfur, were killed during a crackdown on anti-tuition fee protests. Demanding an investigation into the deaths, protests flared up once again, with students from Khartoum engaging in running battles with the police.
On 26 April 2013, protestors blocked a major road out of Khartoum in protest of a sell-off of farmland to Arabian investors. The crowds were dispersed by the authorities, wielding batons and tear gas. An alliance of four rebel groups called the Sudanese Revolutionary Front attacked the provincial town of Umm Ruwaba on the 27 April. The government was eventually able to repel the attack, but ignited a local protest over lack of security in the region. Protestors stoned a government convoy the following day.
On the Bashir's 24th coup anniversary of 29 June, as many as 10,000 led by Sadiq al-Mahdi rallied in a square in Khartoum's twin city of Omdurman. Protesters held up signs saying: "The people demand the fall of the regime" and "Go Bashir". Hundreds of police officers were at the scene but they did not stop the rally.
More than 2,000 people took to the streets in Nyala on 18 September to demonstrate against the killing of a prominent businessman. They set several government buildings and cars on fire and burned tires, blocking roads and prompting police to fire teargas. Protesters shouted slogans before officers dispersed the crowd. Authorities later issued a nightly curfew in the, blaming the Darfuri rebels for trying to exploit the situation and enter the city.
Protests against fuel price in September–October 2013.
23 September 2013: Riots broke out after the government lifted its fuel and cooking gas subsidies to bring its budget under control. Within hours of petrol stations adjusting their price displays, some 800 protesters gathered in the center of Wad Medani, shouting "No, No to price hikes," while others called on Bashir to resign, yelling "Go, go." Three petrol stations and the branch of the French-Sudanese bank on the Soug El Kabir went up in flames, as also happened with a government administration unit at Soug El Malaja. The police reacted by shooting with rubber bullets and making heavy use of tear gas. Dozens of demonstrators were arrested. According to Sudan News Agency, police said a 23-year-old man was killed during a protest in Wad Madani but blamed unidentified gunmen opening fire from a passing vehicle that demonstrators had stoned. Activists however dismissed the government version and blamed government forces.
In Khartoum, the capital of Sudan, where there were protests in El Deim, Soug El Arabi and El Nilein University, the police used tear gas and sticks to disperse the crowd. A number of activists of the Sudanese Party and of Girifna were arrested in Khartoum North. An activist informed "Radio Dabanga" that “thunderous demonstrations” started from El Deim popular neighbourhood, led by women shouting “down with the regime”. They were surrounded by the security men after Amarat Street was closed. A number of women were arrested. At the Nilein University in Khartoum students went out to demonstrate but were quickly cordoned by a huge police force. The demonstrators then tried to restart their protests at the Soug El Arabi, which was also surrounded by police.
Mohayed Siddig, a founding member of the youth movement “Sudan Change Now,” was arrested following a raid on his home by six armed agents from the NISS. NISS agents searched his home for more than two hours, and also confiscated CDs, documents and Siddig's wife's laptop. By 2 October Siddig was still being held incommunicado and without charge, with Amnesty International claiming him to be at risk of torture and ill-treatment. Other members of "Sudan Change Now," including its spokesperson Amjed Farid, among others: Dahlia Elroubi, Omar Ushari and Khalid Omar, were also arrested.
24 September 2013: Widespread protests continued for the second day in a row, with hundreds of students and citizens took to the streets in Sudan’s largest city, Omdurman, across the Nile from Khartoum. Protests were to be seen in Souk El Shaabi and in the districts of El Thawrat (the main streets Shingeeti and El Nuss, and the El Rumi neighbourhood) and Umbadda (El Sabil, El Gimiaab and El Rashidin), to protest against the rise of prices of basic commodities and public transport. At least four Khartoum state buses, two petrol stations at Shingeeti and Sabrin and the traffic police office of Omdurman were reportedly set on fire. Also three floors of the main office of the ruling National Congress Party in Umbadda burned out. The protests, calling for the “overthrow of the regime”, led to the closure of schools, shops, Souk Omdurman, the Souk El Shaabi, and the suspension of public transport. Most of the protesters were ordinary citizens and students from secondary schools. They took control of the main streets and neighbourhoods of Omdurman, burning tires, and shouting slogans ‘down with the regime’. He added that after that the police closed the streets and started arresting dozens of protesters.
In Khartoum, as listeners told Radio Dabanga, students of the University of Khartoum began to go out to demonstrate, despite the cordon of riot police cars around the university buildings. The main streets of the city witnessed violent clashes between demonstrators and the police and security men, which resulted in a number of injuries and deaths. The demonstrators set fire to a bus of Khartoum state and a number of petrol stations.
27 September 2013: Two non-government groups in Sudan, Amnesty International and the African Center for Justice and Peace Studies, claim that police killed more than 50 protesters, by aiming gunfire at people's heads and chests. Government officials, however, have said that there were fewer than 29 deaths.
Dr Sidgi Kaballo, a member of the Central Committee of Sudan’s Communist Party, was arrested shortly after arriving in Sudan from the UK. Family members attempting to visit him on 30 September were turned away and told to return in 15 days. The NISS would not disclose the detained doctor’s whereabouts to his family.
30 September 2013: 200 protesters marched in the Burri district of Khartoum for a third day in order to show support for the "martyr" Salah Sanhouri. Sanhouri, 28, was a pharmacist who had been shot dead days earlier on Friday 27 September during a protest. 300 people also demonstrated at the main bus station in Omdurman, although were dispersed by police with tear gas. Police also reportedly fired tear gas at an anti-gvoernment rally of between 150 and 200 students on the campus of Ahfad University for Women.
Dahlia Al Roubi and Rayan Zein Abideen, members of "Sudan Change Now," were taken to the NISS building in Emarat area where they were held without charge, access to lawyers or their families. By 2 October Amnesty International claimed to have received information that they had been moved to an unknown location
1 October 2013: Amnesty International claimed that in a new wave of arrests, security forces arrested at least 800 activists members of opposition parties, journalists, and others, in raids that took place on the night of Monday 30 September and the early hours of the morning on Tuesday 1 October.
At a government press conference, the Sudanese Government responded to claims of photographic and video evidence of the crackdown against protesters by claiming that most of the photos were actually taken in Egypt, which has also been experiencing unrest. Bahram Abdelmoneim, a journalist with the Al Youm Al Taly newspaper, accused the government officials of lying when getting up to ask a question, and claimed that the deaths were caused by National Congress militias. Abdelmoneim was later unreachable after going to meet with government security agents.
2 October 2013: The Ministry of the Interior announced that the government had arrested 700 "criminals" in Khartoum and elsewhere since the beginning of the new wave of protests on 23 September, however reports from journalists, opposition groups, and others maintain that a far greater number have been arrested. Arrests are often carried out under Sudan’s 2010 National Security Act, which granted the National Intelligence and Security Service powers to detain suspects for up to four and a half months without any form of judicial review.
Amnesty International also claimed that at least 17 members of the Sudanese Communist Party had been in and around Khartoum since the beginning of protests, alongside members of other parties, including 15 from the Sudanese Congress Party.
The Sudanese Doctor's Union also claimed that at least 210 protesters had been killed in Khartoum alone by 2 October, with most dying from gunshot wounds to the head and chest.
4 October 2013: In a press statement, Interior Minister Ibrahim Mahmoud Hami blamed the deaths of protsters on “armed groups and individuals.” By 5 October, the Sudanese government had still not claimed responsibility for any of the deaths, which the government claimed to number only 34.
Several hundred protesters gathered in Khartoum on Friday 4 October calling for the resignation of Omar al-Bashir, although the protests were far smaller than those in the week before.
9 October 2013: In a live speech on national radio, President Omar al-Bashir claimed that the protests were part of an attempt to overthrow the government. Bashir however claimed that the government could not be overthrown as it was "guarded by God." Bashir also stated that the government was planning a major economic conference for November in order to gather experts in order to find solutions to help stabilize the economy.
Bashir had previously claimed that demonstrators were linked to anti-government conspiracies, and Interior Minister Ibrahim Mahmoud Hamed had claimed that demonstrators were backed by foreign groups.
By the 9 October the Sudanese government had also upgraded its estimate for the number of deaths from the protests, giving a figure of 60-70. The Sudanese government also claimed that security forces had been forced to intervene when crowds turned violent and began attacking petrol stations and police.
10 October 2013: Four children and four adults were convicted of vandalism during the protests.
11 October 2013: Following Friday prayers, around 150 Sudanese pro-democracy activists and Islamists protested outside Khartoum's Grand Mosque. Demonstrators held banners reading "our revolution is peaceful". Security forces surrounded the area but stayed away from the protesters.
21 October 2013: In an interview released on the 21 October, President Omar al-Bashir claimed in an interview with Saudi newspaper Okaz that the unrest was mainly the work of rebel groups in Darfur, South Kordofan and Blue Nile states. Bashir claimed that the groups had waited for the lifting of subsidies, which had provided them an opportunity to attempt to overthrow the government. Bashir claimed that even Sudanese citizens were surprised by the scale of the unrest.
24 October 2013:
26 October 2013: Speaking to the AFP, Fadlallah Ahmed Abdallah, an MP with the National Congress Party, announced plans to secede from the NCP and form a new party following the government response to the protests. Abdallah claimed that the name and structure of the new party would be announced within a week.
Arrests and repression.
On 17 January 2011, security forces in Sudan arrested the head of the Popular Congress Party, Hassan al-Turabi, as well as five other members of the party, after he called for a similar protest to oust the ruling government over electoral fraud, stoking inflation and abrogating civil liberties at a time when Sudan was facing a secessionist referendum.
The Committee to Protect Journalists said journalists are facing increasing harassment. On 30 January 2011, journalists were beaten by security forces and at least eight were detained. The following day, the distribution of several opposition newspapers was blocked by authorities.
During the anti-austerity protests in June 2012, the Egyptian journalist Salma El-wardany was detained on 21 June 2012 and later released after five hours in detention. A Sudanese citizen journalist Usamah Mohamad was arrested the following day. An Agence France-Presse reporter was also detained.
As of July 2012, over 2,000 activists have been detained since protests began in Khartoum on 16 June, the activist group Girifna reported. The majority of detainees are being held in NSS detention centres, which are known for the use of ill treatment and torture—including beatings, sleep and food deprivation, racism and sexual abuse. Authorities have reportedly beaten detainees with their fists, hoses, plastic pipes, sticks and metal bars.
Responses.
Domestic.
On 21 February 2011, President Omar al-Bashir announced that he would not seek to run in the presidential election in 2015.
On 11 July 2012, President Omar al-Bashir dismissed opposition calls for an Arab Spring-style uprising in the African country, threatening that "a burning hot summer" awaits his enemies. Bashir also warned that Sudan's enemies would also be skewered.
International.
The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information slammed the crackdown on protests, says Khartoum "must show respect for the human rights" of its citizens after Khartoum uses violence to disperse peaceful demonstrations: "There should be dialogue with the opposition and respect for the human rights of its citizens to express themselves and protest without harassment."
The Organisation for Defence of Rights and Freedoms said that police in Sudan have attacked demonstrators with tear gas and rubber bullets and accused security forces of surrounding mosques where protests take place.
Human Rights Watch stated that the Sudanese security forces have arrested scores of protesters, opposition members, and journalists, beat people in detention, and used rubber bullets and even live ammunition to break up the anti-austerity protests. It further called on Sudan to end the crackdown on peaceful protesters, release people who have been detained, and allow journalists to report freely on the events.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights urged the Sudanese authorities to ensure that the demonstration proceeds peacefully, without mass arrests and violent measures by security forces.
On 30 June 2012, Sudanese living outside Sudan stage protests in London, Dublin, Washington, D.C., Toronto, Paris, Cairo, New Delhi, Kuala Lumpur, Edinburgh, Sacramento, Canberra and other various locations to show solidarity with the ongoing anti-government protests in Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="30971715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971715" title="XLF">
XLF

XLF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30971730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971730" title="State Ministry on Diaspora Issues of Georgia">
State Ministry on Diaspora Issues of Georgia

The State Ministry on Diaspora Issues of Georgia (, "diasporis sakitkhebshi sakartvelos sakhelmtsipo ministris aparati") is a governmental agency within the Cabinet of Georgia in charge of establishing and maintaining contacts with the Georgian diaspora abroad. The ministry was established in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30971748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971748" title="Paladyn (journal)">
Paladyn (journal)

Paladyn, "Journal of Behavioral Robotics", is a peer-reviewed scientific journal focussing on approaches to robotics that draw on analogies between autonomous robotics and embodied cognition, cognitive development, and the emergence of cognition and communication from social behavior. It is an electronic-only journal that publishes research on topics broadly related to neuronally and psychologically inspired robots and other behaving autonomous systems, including cognitive robotics, developmental robotics, evolutionary robotics, artificial embodied agents, self-organizing robot swarms, robot learning and adaptation, human-robot interaction, and neurally-inspired robot vision. It is published by Versita and the editor-in-chief is Gregor Schöner (Ruhr University Bochum).
Article types.
"Paladyn" publishes articles in the following categories:
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus.

</doc>
<doc id="30971752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971752" title="HMS Obdurate (G39)">
HMS Obdurate (G39)

HMS "Obdurate" (G39) was an O-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was built by William Denny and Brothers of Dumbarton, being laid down at their yards on the River Clyde on 25 April 1940, launched on 19 February 1942 and commissioned on 3 September 1942.
<br><br><br><br><br><br>
Service History.
During the Second World War she escorted Arctic convoys in 1942 and 1944, and Atlantic convoys in 1943, taking part in the Battle of the Barents Sea in 1942.
"Admiral Hipper".
In December 1942, while on escort for convoy JW 51B, she was attacked and damaged by the German heavy cruiser "Admiral Hipper".
Torpedoed.
On 25 January 1944, she was torpedoed and damaged by , using a GNAT acoustic torpedo, SE of Bear Island, while on escort for convoy JW 56A.
End of the War.
At the end of the war, she escorted whilst the latter took King Haakon VII back to Norway, followed by post-war work in German waters. On 14 July 1945 US president Harry Truman transferred to the "Obdurate" from USS "Philadelphia" in the English Channel to travel the rest of his journey to the Potsdam Conference.
Her final years were spent in reserve at HMNB Portsmouth and Chatham Dockyard. In 1953 she took part in the Fleet Review to celebrate the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II. She was finally decommissioned in 1964 and sold for scrap later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="30971764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971764" title="2011 Omani protests">
2011 Omani protests

The 2011 Omani protests were a series of protests in the Persian Gulf country of Oman that occurred as part of the revolutionary wave popularly known as the "Arab Spring".
The protesters demanded salary increases, lower living costs, the creation of more jobs and a reduction in corruption. Protests in Sohar, Oman's second city, centered on the Globe Roundabout. The Sultan's responses included the dismissal of a third of the governing cabinet.
Issues.
Protesters demanded salary increases and lower costs of living. On 20 February 2011, protesters welcomed a move by the government to increase the minimum wage. The wage increase targets Omani workers in the private sector. Public sector Omani employees have received wage increases in the past, but the private sector was so far overlooked. The Government of Oman raised minimum wages for an estimated 150,000 private sector employees to $520 from $364 a month. As protests continued in Sohar the demands were still jobs and political reforms. The protesters also want more jobs, freedom of expression, less government control over the media, political reforms, better living conditions, an abolition of taxes and the trial of all ministers.
Protesters in Muscat also demanded cabinet ministers not serve more than four years. In several other protests, Omanis furthered their demands by calling for a reduction of foreign workers in order to provide more jobs for Omani citizens by private companies.
Anti-government protests.
Muscat protests.
About 200 protesters marched on 17 January demanding salary increases and lower costs of living. The protest surprised international observers, who have viewed Oman as a "politically stable and sleepy country." Renewed protests termed as the "Green March", occurred on 18 February, inspired by the serious unrest in fellow Gulf state Bahrain. 350 people marched, demanding an end to corruption and better distribution of oil revenue. The protesters also carried signs with slogans of support for the Sultan. Police did not intervene in the gathering, the petition calling for the reforms will be handed to Oman's Sultan Qaboos.
On 1 March, about 50 protesters held a sit-in as well outside the Consultative Assembly to demand political reform and an end to corruption. The group later grew to over 400 people. Protesters also continued to demand the Consultative Assembly be turned into a "real parliament." The protests were reported to be "peaceful, well-organised and very disciplined." Tents had been set up with separate accommodations for men and women. Placards with protest slogans had also been translated into English, French and German for the international media.
On 2 April, dozens of protesters staged a sit-in in Muscat, outside the chief prosecutor's office, to demand probes into alleged state abuses after clashes with security forces a day earlier.
Sohar protests.
On 26 February, nearly 500 protesters gathered around a shopping mall in the industrial city of Sohar, 230 kilometres from the capital Muscat. The protesters stopped traffic and shoppers around the mall premises. The shops in the area including the mall remained closed on 27 February as well.
On 27 February, protesters returned in Sohar for a second day, hurling stones at security forces who had cordoned them off. The Royal Oman Police eventually used tear gas and rubber bullets to contain and disperse the protesters. According to witnesses, two protesters were killed.
On 28 February, protesters looted and burned a hypermarket in Sohar. The demonstrators also blocked the entrance to Sohar port, where 160,000 barrels of oil derived products are exported. On 1 March protests continued for a fourth day as crowds in Sohar congregated at the Globe Roundabout. Eventually, the Omani army, backed by tanks, peacefully dispersed protesters blocking the Sohar port and cleared them from the main coastal highway linking Muscat to Sohar. The troops later pulled back, though five armoured vehicles continued to watch the square. The Globe Roundabout had been the site of up to 2,000 demonstrators over the past three days.
After reports of multiple deaths, the minister of health of Oman claimed only one person had been killed and 20 wounded.
A "Facebook" entitled "March 2 Uprising for Dignity and Freedom" called for further protests in all parts of Oman, beginning on 2 March, and it attracted more than 2,300 users. However, protests only occurred at the Globe Roundabout in Sohar with a smaller crowd of 50 protesters who blockaded the area. Some people had organised community policing groups to prevent more damage. The army also issued a red alert to vacate the area or threatened action. The 'Sohar Citizen Committee' as its called has started giving out numbers of its core members to people who can call upon it in case of an emergency or riots attack.
On 30 March, The Director of Public Prosecutions issued a statement saying that complaints were filed by some citizens about acts of rioting, vandalism and breach of public order, destruction of public and private properties, obstructing business transactions and hindering easy movement of people on the streets. Based on these complaints, he gave orders to arrest and clear all the protesters from the Globe Roundabout. The Omani army then stormed the Globe Roundabout clearing blockades and arresting a number of the protesters.
On 1 April, following Friday prayers, hundreds of protesters took to streets demanding the release of people detained in the Public Prosecution crackdowns. The military has also stationed units around government offices and other key buildings in the city. At least one person was reported to have been killed in clashes between police and demonstrators The Public Prosecutor said that the army responded to the protests which had initially started off as a demonstration demanding the release of over 100 protesters detained by authorities three days before but he alleged that later involved knives and stones amidst violence that led to the arrests of 50–60 of the demonstrators.
Six others were also badly injured in the incident which had initially started off as a peaceful demonstration demanding the release of over 100 protesters detained by authorities three days before.
On 8 April, the Public Prosecutor's office release details and photographs of those who had been arrested. The same day, though rumours had abounded that a large number of protesters, including women and children, would take to the streets of Sohar after Friday prayers, there were no reports of protests in the local media after the Omani Army took control of the city setting-up multiple checkpoints and making arrests of protest leaders.
Other protests.
On 5 March, protests in the country have spread to Haima, a key oil region about southwest of the capital Muscat, with oil workers staging a sit-in and calling for more government investment in the area. There were also protests in Ibri during the month.
On 6 May, protesters returned to the streets in Salalah after Friday prayers calling for democratic reform and an end to corruption. The activists and protesters have reiterated their demands for the sacked ministers to be investigated. This was the fourth consecutive Friday to be marked by protests in Salalah. Police broke up a protest camp in Salalah on 12 May, arresting possibly over 100 demonstrators. Several dozen more protesters were attacked by baton-wielding gendarmes and arrested the next day and early into the morning of 14 May while they were demanding jobs and higher pay. The "Muscat Daily" reported that protesters clashed with the army in Salalah's central Al Nahda Street following the first wave of arrests. The army then fired into the air and also used tear gas to disperse the stone throwing crowds.
There were also peaceful protests in various colleges in Oman demanding the reducing of pass grades in some colleges. It had affected the classes in those colleges.
Pro-government rallies.
On 1 March a rally was organised in Muscat to show support for the Sultan and his government. There were accusations that the government itself organised the rally, though at least some support was a "part genuine outpouring of affection for the sultan." However, multiple sms' were sent from the state-owned Omantel network during the nights preceding the protests urging loyalists to attend.
There were also continuous reports, mostly from 'Twitter', that supporters of the government drove around Muscat in large motorcades of up to 200 cars.
In early March rallies in support of the Sultan continued to be staged.
Responses.
Domestic.
The Sultan of Oman cancelled a visit to India as a result of the unrest in the Arab world.
On 26 February, the Sultan reshuffled the cabinet in response to recent protests. The 84-member Shura council is elected by voters across 61 districts, but works in a purely advisory capacity and has no legislative powers. The cabinet reshuffle saw Mohammed bin Nasser al-Khasibi named commerce and industry minister, Hamoud bin Faisal al-Bousaidi as civil service minister and Madiha bint Ahmed bin Nasser as education minister. Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdullah al-Harthy, the outgoing civil service minister, was appointed to head the environment ministry, while Maqboul bin Ali bin Sultan will be the new transport minister and Mohsen bin Mohammed al-Sheikh becomes tourism minister. Protesters had called upon the Sultan to remove Maqbool Bin Ali Bin Sultan from the post of commerce minister as they viewed him as corrupt and inadequate for the task of running the ministry. The Sultan also announced benefits for the students of Higher College of Technology. The students whose homes are 100 km away from the place of study, will be now given 90 Omani rial allowances while those living at a less than 100-km distance would get 25-rial allowance. The Royal decree issued stated the reason for rise in these stipends as "to achieve further development and provide a decent living."
The Diwan of Royal Court, on the orders of the sultan, decided to set up an independent authority for consumer protection in the country. It has also been decided to study the possibility of establishing cooperative societies in the country which does not allow formation of any political parties, unions, etc. whatsoever. There are also confirmed plans to reduce the percentage contribution of civil servants in the Civil Employees Pension Fund from eight percent to seven percent of the monthly basic salary, adding to it 75 percent of the housing, electricity and water allowances.
On 28 February, Sultan Qaboos pledged to create 50,000 government jobs, provide a monthly benefit of $390 to the unemployed and ordered a committee to draft proposals for boosting the power of an elected council that advises him in state affairs. He also promised that a legislative council would be given more powers. On 5 March, Sultan Qaboos replaced two more ministers. Khaled bin Hilal bin Saud al-Busaidi replaced Sayed Ali bin Hmud al-Busaidi as a minister of the royal court and Sultan bin Mohammed al-Numani replaced General Ali bin Majid al-Maamari as minister in the sultan's office.
On 7 March, Sultan Qaboos issued eight royal decrees including, reshuffling once again the council of ministers and allowing for formation of a state audit committee. Royal Decree No 38/2011 abolished the Ministry of National Economy and states that a committee shall be formed by the Council of Ministers to manage the distribution of its prerogatives, allocations, assets and employees. The ministry had been targeted by protesters for being corrupt and inefficient. On 13 March, a royal decree was announced granting "legislative and regulatory powers" to the parliament, which had previously only been a consultative body. The next day he fired Lieutenant General Malek Bin Sulaiman Al Ma'amari as Inspector General of the Police and Customs. On 15 March, he also issued further royal decrees to add a "cost of living allowance" to all military and security apparatus as well as all government units in Oman. The Sultan also give orders for raising the Social Insurance Pension by 100% for all the 51,442 persons registered at the Social Development Ministry.
The ruling council issued a statement that condemned the "sabotage" and added that peaceful demonstrations were within "the legal rights of citizens.".
Other responses included creating of a second public university, establishing the first Islamic bank in the region and approving Marriage Fund utility.
The popular response to the actions of Qaboos was said to be positive, particularly in light of decision to grant the Council of Oman more powers. Dr Hussain Al Abry, who has been a loneo protester against Oman Television for four days, said that "Sixty to 80 percent of demands have already been met so there is no reason to continue protesting."
The Muscat Securities Market's main index fell 4.9 percent. Neighbouring United Arab Emirates' two main stock markets in Dubai and Abu Dhabi also fell as the instability moved to the countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council.
The Sohar Industrial Port Company said that the local port's functions were never disrupted by more than a few hours during periods of traffic probles caused by the protests.
International.
Amnesty International has requested and urged the Omani government to show restraint while dealing with protesters.

</doc>
<doc id="30971770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971770" title="Trixa conspersa">
Trixa conspersa

Trixa conspersa is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30971777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971777" title="Karl Baxmann">
Karl Baxmann

Karl Baxmann (13 November 1919 – 10 January 2004) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Karl Baxmann was captured by British troops in May 1945 and was released in August 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="30971804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971804" title="Kevin Johnson (venture capitalist)">
Kevin Johnson (venture capitalist)

Kevin Johnson (born in Holyhead, Wales on 30 August 1960) is a Partner at Index Ventures life sciences practice and works out of the London office. Kevin joined the venture capital firm in 2010 with a focus on new assets in the biologics area, which will enable the firm to build companies based on the asset-centric model of biotech investment pioneered by Index.
Education and career.
Kevin graduated in Molecular Biology from Edinburgh University and has a PhD in Pathology from Cambridge University.
From 1990 onwards, Kevin was one of the team at Cambridge Antibody Technology (CAT), heading up research and in 1997 he was appointed to the Board, where he held the posts of Research Director and Chief Technology Officer. Kevin led both the development of CAT's platform technologies, and also their application to the discovery of a number of human antibodies currently in clinical development, including the first such drug, Humira™ to reach the market. He was also part of the management team that floated CAT on the London Stock Exchange (main market).
Since 2004, Kevin worked with Index Ventures Life Sciences team as a venture advisor. Prior to his return to Index he was CEO of PanGenetics (acquired by Abbott Laboratories), an antibody development company based in the Netherlands, and one of the Index Ventures portfolio companies.
Feature Articles.
Index Appoints Johnson Partner
Related Awards.
In 2010, Pangenetics was shortlisted for the Newsflow category at the Genesis 2010 Awards and for Management Team of the Year at the Scrip Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="30971825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971825" title="Emin Agalarov">
Emin Agalarov

Emin Araz oglu Agalarov (; 12 December 1979), simply known under the stage name Emin, is an Azerbaijani singer-songwriter and businessman. He writes and performs songs in English.
Emin gained attention for his debut album "Still" which sold over 100,000 copies worldwide. Emin's first single from his 2012 album "After The Thunder" was the song "Baby Get Higher" written by David Sneddon, was added to the BBC Radio 2 A-List in April 2012. Emin performed "Never Enough", another track from the album, on the Eurovision Song Contest on 26 May 2012.
Early life.
Agalarov was born in Baku, Azerbaijan, but at the age of four he and his family moved to Moscow, where his father Aras Agalarov started his own business, Crocus International. Educated first in Russia, he later was schooled in Switzerland and New Jersey, United States. In 2001 he graduated with a bachelor degree in Business & Management from New York University. Agalarov also works as a commercial director at "Crocus International".
Music career.
Agalarov's interest in music began in high school whilst in the United States. After graduating from high school he returned to Russia, where he continued to write songs. In 2005 he began working with his vocal and music teacher, the Azerbaijani singer Muslim Magomayev, to whom he pays tribute in his concerts. In 2006 he released his first studio album "Still", which in the first six months sold 70,000 copies in Russia, and an additional 30,000 copies in CIS countries.
He then released an album per year: "Incredible" in 2007, "Obsession" (a set of classic Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley songs) in 2008; and in 2009, "Devotion". Each of these albums was supported by concerts in Moscow and Baku.
In 2010 he relocated to London, to work with producer Brian Rawling and to focus on the UK music charts. Emin's album "Wonder" was released in Russia and CIS in November 2010 and in the UK on 21 March 2011. The song "Heart Keeps Beating" was the first single in Russia from his second album "After The Thunder" and received good radio ariplay on Russian Radio. Emin performed another track from the album "Never Enough" on the Eurovision Song Contest on 26 May 2012.
Personal life.
Emin Agalarov is the son of Aras Agalarov, a Russian billionaire, and married to Leyla Aliyeva, the daughter of the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev. The couple has twin sons, Ali and Mikail, who were born in 2008

</doc>
<doc id="30971828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971828" title="Castlerea Prison">
Castlerea Prison

Castlerea Prison is a closed, medium security facility in Castlerea, Co. Roscommon. It houses male prisoners of 17 years of age and more. It has bed capacity of 351 and in 2009 its daily average number of resident inmates was 306.
History.
Castlerea was established as part of the system of district mental hospitals in 1939. Operating intermittently as a tuberculosis sanitorium, it continued to function as a hospital until 1994 when it was closed. It was renamed St. Patrick's Hospital during the 1960s. From 1996 it opened as prison accepting a small intake of inmates that year. Construction work on the main cell blocks of the prison was completed in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="30971841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971841" title="Angus Hyland">
Angus Hyland

__NOTOC__
Angus Hyland (born 1963 in Brighton, East Sussex) is a British graphic designer.
Biography.
Hyland studied information design at the London College of Printing and Graphic Art and Design at the Royal College of Art. After running his own successful studio in Soho in London for ten years, he became a partner in Pentagram's London offices in 1998.
He has worked with a wide range of private and public sector clients including AkzoNobel, Asprey, the BBC, the British Council, the British Museum, Canongate Books, Cass Art, Citibank, the Crafts Council, Daishin Securities, EAT., Getty Images, Grant Thornton International, Nokia, Penguin, Phaidon Press, Pocket Canons, Reed Exhibitions, the Royal Academy of Arts, RoadBook, Sage, Samsung, The Sage Gateshead, Shakespeare's Globe and the Tate Modern.
In 2005, Hyland was appointed consultant creative director to Laurence King Publishing, where he oversees all aspects of design and brand management and is responsible for generating new book concepts.
Hyland's work has been widely published and exhibited and has received over one hundred creative awards including five D&AD Yellow Pencils and the Grand Prix from the Scottish Design Awards. He also featured in "Independent on Sunday's'" "Top Ten Graphic Designers in the UK".
Hyland was the curator of "Picture This", a British Council touring exhibition featuring the work of contemporary London-based illustrators, and "Ballpoint", an exhibition featuring works by fifty artists created with or inspired by the traditional ballpoint pen.
Hyland has edited six books on graphic design, and was elected a member of Alliance Graphique Internationale (AGI) in 1999. In 2002 he received an honorary Master of Arts from the Surrey Institute of Art & Design. In 2012 Hyland was made a visiting fellow at the University of the Arts London. The Purple Book, published in June 2013 received the Book of the Year Award from the British Book Design and Production Awards.
Hyland is married to the illustrator Marion Deuchars.

</doc>
<doc id="30971851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971851" title="Swedish Colonial Society">
Swedish Colonial Society

The Swedish Colonial Society is America's oldest organization dedicated to the study and preservation of New Sweden history. In addition to collecting and publishing research on Swedes and Finns in America, the Society maintains parks, monuments, and memorials of historic sites. A unique aspect of the group is its connection to Sweden's Royal Family and the Swedish government.
History.
In 1906, Dr. Amandus Johnson returned from study in Europe with a wealth of material concerning New Sweden, and was determined that the history of the settlement be recorded. In 1907, Johnson met with Swedish officials in the United States to generate support for the creation of a national organization and, in 1908, several informal meetings with prominent individuals who shared his vision were held at the Historical Society of Pennsylvania. On January 20, 1909, the first organizational meeting of the Swedish Colonial Society took place. In the same year, the Society's founders sought the patronage of the King of Sweden. An invitation to King Gustav V was engraved on a solid silver scroll and sent to Sweden through the Swedish ambassador. On July 13, the King accepted the invitation to become the Society's first High Patron.
Early membership roles in the group were filled with the names of many of Philadelphia and Wilmington's leading families, scholars, and industrialists. By 1926, Amandus Johnson had gathered funds from across the country for what would become the American Swedish Historical Museum, a national museum dedicated to the achievements of Swedish immigrants. The Society determined that the project was beyond its own scope, choosing to focus instead on the time before 1800 and to let the museum concentrate on later years. Nonetheless, SCS supported its construction and, by June of that year, the cornerstone of the building was placed. Presiding at the ceremony were then-Crown Prince Gustaf Adolf and his wife, the Princess Victoria.
While the Society was rather exclusive in its founding, the first female associate member was received in 1909 and, by 1929, women were accorded regular membership. In the 1930s, however, there were still only 193 members. Meetings were held in the librarian's office of the Historical Society of Pennsylvania, with an average attendance of seven. The meetings, lasting just over an hour, consisted mainly of receiving new members and accepting resignations.
The Society entered a new era under Colonel Frank W. Melvin's tenure as Governor (1936–1946), a period which led to six projects being accepted by the Works Progress Administration. During this time, the Governor sought to turn the Society into a patriotic organization as, during World War II, anyone who supported Swedish neutrality was suspect. The effort proved too controversial, however, and was not approved.
Today, the Society is primarily devoted to research and historic preservation. With the increased interest in colonial history, membership has grown and now totals roughly 1,000 people from across the United States and an ever-increasing number of foreign countries. The current Governor is Margaret Sooy Bridwell, who began her tenure in 2010.
Preservation.
One of the earliest projects of the Society was the 1923 creation of a monument to Governor Johan Printz on Philadelphia's Tinicum Island. The organization assumed responsibility for the property surrounding the monument, supervising the grading and seeding necessary to improve the land's poor condition. A professional archaeological investigation was then conducted on the site, leading to the discovery of the footprint of Printzhof, the governor's residence. Ownership of the area has since been given back to the Tinicum Township.
Following this, the organization pursued an effort to have Gloria Dei (Old Swedes') Church recognized as a National Historic Landmark, a designation that it achieved in 1946, being the first American religious building to do so.
In 2003, the Society sponsored the Rambo Apple Project, designed to bring the Rambo apple tree species back to Sweden. The tree had been extinct since 1709-10 following a severe winter in Sweden, but had survived in America because a colonist took its seeds to New Sweden in 1640. The first planting in Sweden was financed by the King, and Rambo apple trees were planted in a number of significant locations in Sweden and America.
The Society has also worked with the Pennsylvania state government in preserving the Morton Homestead, valued for its ties to John Morton, a signer of the Declaration of Independence.
More recently, the Society oversaw the restoration of two Gustavus Hesselius portraits relating to New Sweden — one of Pastor Erik Björk and the other of his American wife, Christina Stalcop. These 1712 paintings are historically significant as the first of their kind in the Delaware Valley. Current projects for the organization include assisting with the preservation of Bartram's Garden in Philadelphia and the rescue of the New Sweden Farmstead Museum in Bridgeton, New Jersey.
Research.
Over the past century, the Society's research has become the foundation for the study of New Sweden Colony, and the group remains the foremost forum on the subject. Recently, they have become involved with the Gloria Dei Records Project, an effort to assemble, translate, and publish all of the colonial records of the church. The records constitute the major "missing link" in chronicling the history of Swedish settlement and culture on the Delaware River, spanning from the 1640s, when the first Swedish church was founded at Tinicum Island, to 1787. The Society is also involved with genealogical research, and reserves a genealogist within the organization to study New Sweden family history and the ancestry of members applying for Forefather Member status. The Craig Collection, a complete library of genealogical books and lineage papers relating to the families of New Sweden, is also maintained by the Society.
Its historical archives are stored at the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia, where they are available for viewing. The archives program began in 2000 and now amounts to more than 42 linear feet of materials, a map collection, and framed paintings, including a large copy of the 17th-century portrait of Governor Printz.
Together with the American Swedish Historical Museum, the Society also hosts the New Sweden History Conference, which every year presents a symposium devoted to an aspect of the history or culture of the New Sweden Colony.
Scholarships.
The Society, through the University of Pennsylvania, endows the Amandus Johnson Prize, a travel grant to study in Sweden for a student who excels in language study.
Royal Family Affiliation.
The reigning King of Sweden traditionally assumes the role of High Patron, a practice begun in 1909, while the Swedish Ambassador occupies the Patron position. The current High Patron, King Carl XVI Gustaf, took on the role upon assuming the Swedish throne in 1974. In 2003, Crown Princess Victoria became Deputy High Patron.
The Royal Family has recognized the contributions of the Swedish Colonial Society by awarding five of the present twenty-five Councillors with an Order of the Polar Star.
Membership.
Generally dues-dependent for its activities, the Society has two types of membership:

</doc>
<doc id="30971863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971863" title="561st Volksgrenadier Division (Wehrmacht)">
561st Volksgrenadier Division (Wehrmacht)

The 561st Grenadier Division, designated "561. Grenadierdivision" in German was a Wehrmacht division active during World War II.
History.
The 561st Grenadier Division was raised in July 1944 and placed under the leadership of Major General Walter Gorn on 21 July 1944. The division was sent to occupy the central sector of the Eastern Front, which was rapidly diminishing due to the efforts of the Soviet's Red Army. In October 1944, the division was re-designated the 561st Volksgrenadier Division.

</doc>
<doc id="30971868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971868" title="Kilspindie Castle">
Kilspindie Castle

Kilspindie Castle lies north of the village of Aberlady, in East Lothian, Scotland; the remains of the castle are behind the Victorian St Mary's Kirk. An early castle was destroyed in the 16th century, and the rebuilt tower was pulled down by the 1700s. Little more than a few scattered stones of the base of a doorway with a length of wall punctuated by oval gun loops remain. The area is protected as a scheduled monument. Another ruin called "Kilspindie Castle" was at Butterdean near Coldingham.
History.
Early history.
Metal finds from the site indicate its continuous occupation since earliest times. It has yielded the single largest concentration of Anglo-Saxon finds yet recorded in Scotland.
Clan Douglas.
An early fortalice was held by the Spens, or Spence, family, possibly vassals of their over lord, the Gospatric Earls of Dunbar. The Douglas family acquired Kilspindie around the start of the 16th century when, in a feud with Spens of Kilspindie, Archibald "Bell-the-cat", 5th Earl of Angus, tore off Spens' leg with one stroke of his great sword. The Douglas family came into ownership of the lands of Aberlady through rights bestowed by the Crown and Gavin Douglas, Bishop of Dunkeld, perhaps indicating a transfer of the name Kilspindie from the village of the same name in Perthshire. Later use by Sir Archibald Douglas of Kilspindie of the title "Greysteil" may refer to the sword stroke used to obtain the lands of Kilspindie. The earl's fourth son by a second marriage was made Lord Treasurer of Scotland from 1520 to 1528.
Kilspindie survived the sackings of the wars of the Rough Wooing during the 1540s, when castles, abbeys and villages throughout the Lothians and Borders were stormed, sacked and burnt. The English invaders had avoided assaulting Tantallon, home of the earl of Angus, and Hugh Douglas's Longniddry Tower because Hugh was an "assured Scot", perhaps showing English diplomacy to protect Douglas interests in the Lothians.
However, in 1547, the English returned to the Lothians, defeating the Scots army at the battle of Pinkie, near Musselburgh. The following year they established a fort at Haddington and sacked nearby castles. Luffness was destroyed to enable English supplies to be landed unchallenged in Haddington. It is likely that Kilspindie was also destroyed because of its position on Aberlady Bay.
A new castle.
Patrick Douglas of Kilspindie built a new "castell toure and fortalice" before 1600, perhaps as early as 1558. This was thought to have been oblong in plan. It seems probable that the castle would have been surrounded by an enclosing barmkin wall with gatehouse protecting stables, brewhouse, barns, etc. The barmkin in turn would have been surrounded by a deep ditch, filled by the tide and trapped there by wooden dams when the tide withdrew. Also, the land around must have been a tidal salt marsh, which would have added to the defensive position.
By 1612, Kilspindie was granted to Alexander Hay through his marriage on 16 January 1582 to Patrick's widow. Kilspindie is not mentioned during Oliver Cromwell's sacking of Lothian castles in the 1650s but by the 1700s it had already been demolished for building material elsewhere in Aberlady. A number of large stones that belonged to the house have been built into the boundary walls of the fields and road leading to the golf course. A heavy studded door from the structure is now located within Luffness House.

</doc>
<doc id="30971869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971869" title="May French Sheldon">
May French Sheldon

Mary French Sheldon (1847–1936), as author May French Sheldon, was an American publisher, author and explorer.
Mary French was born May 10, 1847, at Bridgewater, Pennsylvania. Her father was Joseph French, the civil engineer, and her mother Elizabeth J. French ("née" Poorman). She was educated in America and overseas, studying art and developing into an author and ethnologist. She married an American, Eli Lemon Sheldon, a banker, in 1876 and they moved to London where they established publishing firms.
May French Sheldon is noted as a translator of Flaubert's "Salammbô", and author of papers and essays, but acquired fame for an expedition. In 1891 she left London for Africa, unaccompanied, seeking assistance amongst the African peoples as she explored around Lake Chala. She returned with ethnographic materials, wrote on her experience, and undertook a lecture tour. French Sheldon received multiple awards for her exhibition at the World's Columbian Exposition, and was appointed membership in societies such as the Writer's Club and the Anthropological Society of Washington. She was made a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, among the first 15 women to receive this honour, in November 1892. 
As a writer Sheldon wrote a number of novels, short stories and essays.

</doc>
<doc id="30971875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971875" title="Center for International Higher Education">
Center for International Higher Education

The Center for International Higher Education, established in 1995, is a global resource for information and analysis about higher education. Located at Boston College in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, the Center also sponsors selected research projects.
Resources.
The Center’s flagship publication, International Higher Education, is published quarterly and features news and analysis concerning higher education around the world. Its articles cover a wide range of issues of interest to scholars, policy makers and practitioners. The publication seeks to feature countries that do not receive a lot of attention in the research literature, and issues that have salience to current global debates. IHE is translated in Chinese and Russian editions. As part of an ongoing partnership with the Shanghai Jiao Tong University, assumes responsibility for the Chinese translation. The Independent Kazakhstan Quality Assurance Agency in Education is responsible for the Russian translated edition of IHE. In addition, it is published in English by the Deutsche Universitatszeitung for distribution in the German-speaking countries.
The Center’s books include studies of global policy trends, the development of research universities, the academic profession in developing and middle income countries, developments in Asian universities, private higher education in global perspective, and several others.
The Center also hosts a website at www.bc.edu/cihe that is a virtual library containing articles, books, podcasts, and links to online databases, international organizations, and scholars addressing key issues in international higher education. The website includes a complete archive of past issues of International Higher Education.
The special concerns of developing countries are of special interest—themes such as transnational higher education, international students and scholars, global trade in educational services, higher education reform, and others. The International Network on Higher Education in Africa (INHEA) has been a special initiative in recent years. INHEA focuses on African higher education issues and provides information and analysis from many sources. Additional Center foci include the Corruption Monitor, which highlights incidents of academic corruption in its many forms and seeks to provide analysis of trends. 
In 2010, the Center, in collaboration with the National Research University Higher School of Economics on Moscow, Russia, engaged in a joint research project on academic salaries, remuneration and contracts across 28 countries.
The Center has received funding from diverse sources including the Ford Foundation, the Carnegie Corporation of New York, the Toyota Foundation, the MacArthur Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation, and others.
The Center is directed by Philip G. Altbach, J. Donald Monan SJ professor of higher education at Boston College.

</doc>
<doc id="30971878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971878" title="Ahoora (album)">
Ahoora (album)

Ahoora is the debut album by the Iranian alternative rock band "Ahoora", released illegally inside Iran on February 13, 2006.
The album was later re-released by "Real2Can", appearing on iTunes in 2007 and on Amazon by 2008.
Reception.
"Chronicles of Chaos" wrote ""Ahoora have clearly spent a lot of time honing their sound, both individually and as a unit, resulting in a coherent and tight album.”" 
Personnel.
Produced by Ahoora

</doc>
<doc id="30971888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971888" title="Angie Lewin">
Angie Lewin

Angie Lewin (born ) is a British printmaker working in linocut, wood engraving, lithography and screen printing.
Early career.
Angie Lewin (née Wood) was born on 18 October 1963 in Bollington, Cheshire, where she grew up. Lewin was schooled at the Macclesfield High School for Girls, and then studied BA (Hons) Fine Art Printmaking at Central St. Martins College of Art and Design between 1983 and 1986, followed by a year’s part-time postgraduate printmaking at Camberwell School of Arts and Crafts.
After working in London as an illustrator Lewin studied horticulture. A move to Norfolk prompted a return to printmaking, and she is now based near Aylsham.
Style.
Inspired by both the clifftops and saltmarshes of the North Norfolk coast and the Scottish Highlands, Lewin depicts these contrasting environments and their native flora in wood engraving, linocut, silkscreen, lithograph and collage. Pencil and watercolour drawings are made on her walks and also back in the studio.
Current works.
"Angie Lewin - Plants and Places", published by Merrell, is drawn throughout by Lewin’s prints, drawings and textile designs. Author Leslie Geddes-Brown writes:
As well as designing fabrics and stationery for St Jude's, which she runs with her husband Simon, Lewin has completed commissions for Penguin, Conran Octopus and Picador. She has also designed fabrics for Liberty's Autumn Winter 2010 collection, including the Winter Stem design that has also been used for Liberty's 2011 Comic Relief Shopper Bag.
In 2006 Lewin was elected to The Royal Society of Painter Printmakers and in 2008 to The Society of Wood Engravers. In 2010 she was elected to The Art Workers guild.

</doc>
<doc id="30971896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971896" title="AustralianSuper">
AustralianSuper

AustralianSuper is an Australian superannuation superannuation / pension fund. It has over 2 million members and over A$75 billion under management (at May 2014).
AustralianSuper is an industry superannuation fund run only to profit members. AustralianSuper has a MySuper authority, meaning it can accept default contributions from an employer of behalf of employees who do not nominate a superannuation fund.

</doc>
<doc id="30971904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971904" title="1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres hurdles">
1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres hurdles

These are the results of the Women's 100 metres hurdles event at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 6 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each heat (Q) qualified directly for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30971909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971909" title="Joseph Lafont">
Joseph Lafont

General Michel Laurent Marie Joseph Lafont (1874–1961) was the third Chief Scout of Scouts de France from 1936 to 1948, the first and only Chief Scout of Scoutisme Français from 1940 to 1948, and member of the International Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement (WOSM).

</doc>
<doc id="30971915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971915" title="Instructure">
Instructure

Instructure is an educational technology company based in Salt Lake City, Utah. It is the developer of the Canvas learning management system, which is a comprehensive cloud-native software package that competes with such systems as Desire2Learn, the Blackboard Learning System, Moodle, and the Sakai Project. Instructure also developed Canvas Network, a massive open online course platform.
History.
Instructure was founded in 2008 by two BYU graduate students, Brian Whitmer and Devlin Daley, with initial funding from Mozy founder Josh Coates (currently the CEO) and Epic Ventures.
In December 2010, the Utah Education Network (UEN), which represents a number of Utah colleges and universities, announced that Instructure would be replacing Blackboard as their preferred LMS. By January, 2013, Instructure's LMS platform was in use by more than 300 colleges, universities and K-12 districts, and the company's customer base had increased to more than 425 halfway through 2013 and 9 million users by the end of 2013.
In February 2011, Instructure announced that they were making their flagship product, Canvas, freely available under an AGPL license as open source software. Instructure's announcement received coverage in the press.
In February 2012, the company launched Canvas K-12.
In November 2012, Instructure entered the massive open online course market by launching Canvas Network.
Canvas.
Instructure Inc. was created in order to support the continued development of a new learning management system (LMS) originally named Instructure. Once incorporated, the founders changed the name of the software to Canvas. The Utah-based company tested the LMS at several local schools including Utah State University and Brigham Young University before officially launching Canvas.
Canvas was built using Ruby on Rails as the web application framework backed by a PostgreSQL database. It incorporates JQuery, HTML5, and CSS3 to provide a modern user interface. OAuth is used to provide limited access to a user's information on certain social media sites like Facebook and Twitter to allow for collaboration between sites. Canvas operates as a software as a service using Amazon Web Services in the "Cloud".
Canvas K-12.
In February 2012, Instructure launched Canvas K-12, an LMS platform designed for the specific needs of elementary and secondary schools. The LMS enrolls parents with their students to provide greater visibility into their children's learning experience and provides actionable analytics to teachers and administrators.
Canvas Network.
In November 2012, Instructure entered the massive open online course MOOC market by launching Canvas Network. Instructure's approach to MOOC has been to facilitate experimentation with pedagogy and new ways to use multimedia environments to change cognition and enhance the learning process. One example is "Gender Through Comic Books," a MOOC taught by Ball State University's Christina Blanch on Canvas Network that used lessons from pop culture to explore evolving social norms and other anthropological ideals.
In July 2013, Instructure partnered with Qualtrics, a Utah-based company, to survey MOOC participants on Instructure's Canvas Network about their motivations for enrolling in and completing these courses. The results suggested that educators rethink ways to fully leverage the online learning environment to make the educational experience more engaging and interesting.

</doc>
<doc id="30971919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971919" title="Autophobia">
Autophobia

Autophobia is the specific phobia of isolation; a morbid fear of being egotistical, or a dread of being alone or isolated. Sufferers need not be physically alone, but believe that they are being ignored, unloved, threatened by intruders, and so on.
Autophobia also is used in its literal text to mean, "by oneself", an uncontrollable fear of oneself or ones potential capabilities. It is sometimes associated with self-hatred, or loathing. Autophobia may be a symptom of other psychological disorders or it may predispose a person to developing other psychological disorders.
Symptoms.
People who suffer from autophobia may show symptoms but may not be fully aware that they suffer from it. Some symptoms of autophobia may include:
Causes.
Autophobia can be caused by the sufferer feeling abandoned by a close individual, such as a spouse or relative. The feelings of grief and loneliness that this causes become increasingly hard for the sufferer to move beyond over time.

</doc>
<doc id="30971927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971927" title="XLF (file format)">
XLF (file format)

The Extensible LADAR Format (XLF) file format was developed at the Utah State University (USU) Center for Advanced Imaging LADAR for use with large (multi-gigabyte) LADAR point clouds.
Crystal Xcelsius Visualization format by Business Objects.

</doc>
<doc id="30971934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971934" title="All in Blood with You">
All in Blood with You

All in Blood with You is the second album by the Iranian alternative rock band Ahoora, released originally inside Iran on September 30, 2007. The album was re-mastered and available for free download in 2010.
Reception.
Sound on Sound wrote: "“the band's technical ability puts to shame many of the demos I've heard from more liberal regimes. They play with an assured power and precision”" 
"Metal Mayhem" called it "“…already one of the favorites of the year”" while "Ultimate Metal" called it "“an incredible release that everyone should check out”" 

</doc>
<doc id="30971935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971935" title="Razgrad Municipality">
Razgrad Municipality

Razgrad Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Razgrad Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the Ludogorie geographical region part of the Danubian Plain. It is named after its administrative centre - the city of Razgrad which is also the capital of the province.
The municipality embraces a territory of 620 km² with a population of 54,720 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
The main road E70 crosses the area, connecting the main town with the city of Ruse and the Danube Bridge.
Settlements.
Razgrad Municipality includes the following 22 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="30971948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971948" title="Phaseolin (protein)">
Phaseolin (protein)

Phaseolin is the main reserve globulin in seeds of the French bean ("Phaseolus vulgaris" L.). It was named and first isolated and characterized by Thomas Burr Osborne in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="30971964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971964" title="Microsoma">
Microsoma

Microsoma is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30971969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971969" title="Karl Sarafidis">
Karl Sarafidis

Karl Sarafidis is a French actor, doctor of philosophy, former teacher at Paris-Est University (Val-de-Marne, France).

</doc>
<doc id="30971980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971980" title="Awkward Diary">
Awkward Diary

Awkward Diary is the third album by the Iranian alternative rock band Ahoora, released by Zirzamin on 2 March 2010.
Reception.
Some critics were disappointed by the new electronica, alternative rock approach rather than progressive metal of the previous albums. "Metal Invader" called it progressive trip hop while "Insomniac Magazine" wrote: "“As a band, Ahoora frequently shifts gears between Heavy Metal, Groove Metal, Hard Rock, Alternative and Jazz melodic meanderings mixed in with synths and other varied instruments”." Classic Rock Magazine believed: "“This shows some very nice touches. Imagine Muse and Tool getting all cozy around Iced Earth and you’ve got the drift here. The musicianship is accomplished, the songs concise and focused”." 
Personnel.
Produced by Ahoora
Recorded & Mixed by Mamy Baei
Mastered by Farzad Golpayegani
Front cover by Richard Baxter
Back cover by Mattijn Franssen

</doc>
<doc id="30971989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971989" title="James H. Knight">
James H. Knight

James Herbert Knight (14 March 1892 – 24 February 1945) aka Jack Knight was an American pilot who made the first overnight transcontinental air mail delivery. Jack Knight was part of a relay team that flew 2,629 miles across the country on February 22–23, 1921.
Life.
The U.S. transcontinental mail route began operating in September 1920. But, since pilots did not fly after dark, the mail was transferred to a railcar to travel during the night. At dawn, a waiting plane would take the mail sacks and fly on. However, newly elected president, Warren Harding, and some Congressmen began to talk openly about ending Federal airmail subsidies. Questions of safety of flying the mail were not without merit. In the prior three years 17 airmail service pilots had died in crashes traced to mechanical or weather-related causes. Airmail pilots at the time virtually flew by the seat of their pants. Their instrument panel included a magnetic compass which was affected by everything metal on the plane and oscillated from north to south in rough weather. They also flew low - peering over the side of their planes to navigate - skimming rivers, railroad tracks and towns.
Consequently, Postmaster General Burleson devised a plan to demonstrate airmail's potential. He would have mail flown across the country completely by air, without using the railroad, in order to reduce transit time, and chose February 22, 1921, for the all-air cross-country test. This flight would not be an easy task for the pilots flying in unprotected cockpits as it would be difficult for pilots to find visual landmarks at night. On the morning of February 22, 1921, two mail planes left Hazelhurst Field, Long Island, New York, heading west, while two other planes left Marina Field, San Francisco, California flying east. Relay planes waited at the regularly scheduled stops in between.
James H. “Jack” Knight was waiting in North Platte, Nebraska, for to continue the west-bound leg. Sporting a broken nose, bruises, and the effects of a concussion he had suffered three weeks earlier when his de Havilland DH-4B mail plane crashed into a snow-covered peak in Wyoming's Laramie Mountains, Knight looked a sorry sight. After fixing the tailskid on the DH-4, which was cracked by fellow pilot Frank Yeager after flying the Cheyenne, Wyoming to North Platte leg, Knight left for Omaha after 10:00 pm not knowing that the relief pilot scheduled to meet him in Omaha was stuck in a snowstorm in Chicago. That same storm had also stopped the westbound pilots, whose mail was being loaded onto a train. Knight was unaware that he was the only pilot left flying and that the future of airmail could depend on him.
Knight left North Platte and began the eastward to Omaha, Nebraska. Through the cold night he was able to see signal fires lit by post office employees, airfield managers, and even local farmers. Landing at Omaha after 1:00 AM on the 22nd, Knight learned that he was the only pilot still flying, as the east bound leg had also been grounded by the snowstorm. However, after warming himself, Knight chose to continue the flight, despite the threatening storm and the fact that he had never flown east of Omaha, and took off an hour later.
Following more fires and other landmarks across Iowa, Knight flew the next leg through Des Moines, Iowa, where snow prevented a landing, and then another 120 miles to Iowa City. Knight finally set down in Iowa City, to rest and warm himself before taking off again at 6:30 a.m. for the final 200 miles to Chicago. At 8:40 a.m., Knight reached Chicago Checkerboard Field. His all-night flight had covered 830 miles and he had found his way using a basic compass and a small, torn section of road map. Knight admitted later that he had broken his nose a few days earlier and the frozen wind and bumpy air were especially brutal. Newspaper reporters were waiting for Knight in Chicago, and his flight made front-page headlines nationwide.
Though Knight was a hero, the feat was a team victory as two other pilots continued on to New York. All together, seven pilots had taken part in the transcontinental flight, taking 33 hours 20 minutes to fly 2,629 miles (3,652 kilometers). Only 26 hours of that time had been spent in the air. Impressed by the feat and by the wide public acclaim, Congress at last appropriated the needed funds for the beleaguered mail service.
After becoming a household name, Knight worked with the Postal Service and local civic leaders to set up a system of navigational beacons and emergency landing strips. Knight continued to fly airmail, even after the system was contracted out in 1925, ending up with National Air Transport Inc which became United Airlines. Knight continued with United, eventually DC-3 flying passenger flights and later becoming a vice president of the company.
Knight died on 24 February 1945 in Chicago, after contracting malaria during a South American business trip while working with the Defense Supply Corps, to set up a reliable transportation route to the United States for native rubber.

</doc>
<doc id="30971990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971990" title="Gait trainer">
Gait trainer

A gait trainer is a wheeled device that assists a person who is unable to walk independently to learn or relearn to walk safely and efficiently as part of gait training. Gait trainers are intended for children or adults with physical disabilities, to provide the opportunity to improve walking ability. A gait trainer offers both unweighting support and postural alignment to enable gait practice. It functions as a support walker and provides more assistance for balance and weight-bearing, than does a traditional rollator walker, or a walker with platform attachments. It also provides opportunities to stand and to bear weight in a safe, supported position.
Various movement disorders can result in the inability to walk independently, necessitating the use of a gait trainer. Such motor disability may be due to a medical condition from childhood, such as cerebral palsy, spina bifida, or other developmental disabilities. Or, walking impairment may be due to a later injury or illness, such as a traumatic brain injury, incomplete spinal cord injury or stroke. Regardless of the cause of disability, the child or adult may learn to walk, or recover the ability to walk, through walking practice. Recent discoveries in the field of neuroplasticity indicate the human potential for improvement in motor skills through activity-based therapy, despite neural damage from condition or injury. Although total independence in gait may not be achieved in every case, significant gains can be made in muscle strength and neuromotor control for walking, through locomotor training.
Pediatric Use of Gait Trainers.
One of the first gait trainers for use by children with developmental disabilities was developed in the mid 1980s for use with the MOVE Curriculum, by a special education teacher in California, Linda Bidabe, in collaboration with others at the Blair Learning Center. Since that time, pediatric gait trainer design has evolved and been refined, and several manufacturers have developed quality gait trainers.
Use of Gait Trainers for Adult Rehabilitation.
In adult rehabilitation, gait training is traditionally performed initially within parallel bars as the most stable assistive device. As walking improves, a patient can progress to a walker, crutches, bilateral canes or a single cane. This gait training typically occurs during physical therapy sessions. The more recent development of body-weight support gait training, such as over a treadmill, can enable considerably more walking practice with less strain to the therapist, when compared to traditional gait training.
In adult rehabilitation, the use of body-weight support (BWS) systems enables patients to walk safely with less effort. Body-weight support systems enable walking practice over a treadmill. Or, they may enable walking over ground from a mobile device or ceiling track. Because of the support provided by the system, the strain to the therapist is reduced. This, along with the patient being adequately supported for balance and weight bearing assist, increases the duration of walking practice. This effective therapy increases potential for motor skill gains. The more opportunity for practice and repetitions of step-taking, the more likely is the patient to regain walking ability.
The use of over ground support walkers as an approach for gait training for the adult population is another recent development in adult rehabilitation. The value of over ground gait trainers is that these devices are typically more affordable than BWS systems, and they enable additional walking practice beyond the physical therapy session, whether in the institution or in the patient’s home or community environment. By using a gait trainer for over ground walking practice, the patient has support for balance and can now incorporate walking practice into his or her daily routine. For example, rather than remaining in a wheelchair between gait therapy sessions, an individual can use the over ground gait trainer for walking practice to and from the cafeteria within an institution, or while at a mall when out in the community.
Early research indicates that sufficient over ground locomotor training may result in equivalent or possibly greater improvements in walking capacity as compared to the body-weight support treadmill training. The over ground walking practice is a closer replication to the real-world task of walking. The voluntary effort of step initiation and forward progression is essential for walking over ground, and these devices enable the patient to learn how to generate and control these motor forces in a way that is not available on a treadmill.

</doc>
<doc id="30971995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971995" title="Louis de Maud'huy">
Louis de Maud'huy

Louis Ernest de Maud'huy (1857–1921) was a French World War I General and the first Chief Scout of Scouts de France.
Biography.
His father was Pierre Adrien de Maud'huy, Battalion Chief in the Napoleon III Imperial Guard and his mother Thérèse Joséphine Olry. "Lorrain from Moselle", he was haunted by the idea of driving the Germans out from Lorraine since the 1871 defeat. He was then 14. Louis de Maud'huy became an infantry officer graduating from Saint-Cyr, General Staff Course graduated, chasseur à pied until becoming colonel and assuming command of the 35th infantry regiment in Belfort in 1907. On 10 July 1913, he was Brigadier general in charge of the 80th Infantry Brigade. An Infantry Division Officer in 1914, he was placed in charge, after the Battle of the Frontiers, of the 18th Corps with which he fought in the First Battle of the Marne on the 5th Army left wing.
He willingly supported the execution of deserters right from the beginning of the war, encouraging the killing of a man involved.
During the First Battle of the Aisne, de Maud'huy crossed the Aisne at Pontavert on 13 September 1914 and captured Corbeny, Craonne and the eastern tip of Chemin des Dames. As a result of this, he was promoted to Divisional General, became Legion of Honour commander for his courage and was considered a specialist of night attacks. He assumed command of the French Tenth Army on the 29 September 1914 to extend northward the de Curières de Castelnau Second Army in the beginning of the Race to the Sea. Then the French Tenth Army attacked the advancing German forces on 1 October, initially experiencing success until they reached the town of Douai. There, the German Sixth Army launched a counter-attack along with additional attacks from three corps of the German First, Second and Seventh Armies: de Maud'huy lost Lens and was forced to withdraw towards Arras.
From 2 April to 3 November 1915, he was named to the head of the Seventh Army. From 2 April 1916 to 24 January 1917 he was in charge of the 15th Corps which meant a downgrading for him. On 25 January 1917, he was replaced by General de Riols de Fonclare and named to the head of the French Eleventh Corps involved in the Third Battle of the Aisne. As well as his chief General Duchêne, he was relieved of his command by French Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau on 2 June 1918, when Germans were seemingly within reach of Paris, and replaced by General Niessel. With the liberation of Metz on November 1918, Marshal Foch appointed him its Military Governor. After the war he entered politics. From 16 November 1919 to his death, he was elected to parliament as a deputy of National Bloc for Moselle. On July 1920, he became the first Chief Scout of Scouts de France. Legion of Honour Grand Cross, he died in Paris on 16 July 1921. His remains are commemorated in the Invalides.

</doc>
<doc id="30971998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971998" title="Cloverhill Prison">
Cloverhill Prison

Cloverhill Prison is located on Cloverhill Road, Clondalkin, Dublin 22. It has a bed capacity of 431 and its average daily number of inmates resident in 2009 was 438.
History.
Adjacent to Wheatfield Prison, with which it shares many services, Cloverhill was opened in 1999. It is a purpose built remand prison and houses most of the remand prisoners in the state.
It and the Dóchas Centre, a women's prison, hold 90 per cent of persons detained under processes of administration detention for immigration related issues.

</doc>
<doc id="30972000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972000" title="Reginald Soar">
Reginald Soar

Captain Reginald Rhys Soar was a British flying ace during World War I. He was credited with 12 official aerial victories won while serving in the Dardanelles and along the English Channel.
World War I.
Soar joined the Royal Naval Air Service in August 1915. He began his naval air service with No. 3 Wing RNAS in the Dardanelles. He then transferred to 5 Naval Wing at Dunkirk. In October 1916, he transferred again, to 8 Naval Squadron.
Soar scored his first aerial victories on 20 December 1916, when he used Sopwith Pup serial number N5181 to drive two German Halberstadt fighter planes down out of control. He would not score again until after being re-equipped with a Sopwith Triplane.
On 23 May 1917, he drove a German reconnaissance plane down out of control to begin a string of ten victories. In his logbook, Soar noted that when the German plane landed at
Sainte-Catherine-lès-Arras, the pilot had suffered a head wound while the observer was shot through the abdomen. Soar also noted technical details of this DFW in the back of his log.
Soar seems to have been a favored wingman to the leading Australian ace Robert A. Little, as they each often mention one another in their logbooks.
By 22 July, Soar had raised his score to an even dozen, sharing some of his wins with Charles Dawson Booker, Robert A. Little, and a couple of other squadronmates. Soar's final tally was two captured enemy reconnaissance planes shared with other pilots, a share in destroying a recon machine, and nine enemy planes driven down out of control. In official recognition of his exploits, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross, gazetted 11 August 1917.
Following the formation of the Royal Air Force (RAF) on 1 April 1918, Soar was appointed Officer Commanding 'A' and 'B' Flights, No.255 Squadron, RAF - in effect becoming Squadron Leader although his official rank was Honorary Captain. No.255 Squadron was based at RAF Pembroke (X0PK, formerly Royal Naval Air Station Pembroke, later RAF Carew Cheriton).
Post World War I.
Flight Lieutenant Soar was appointed to a short service commission as a Flying Officer in the Royal Air Force on 7 April 1921.
Reginald Rhys Soar died in Martletwy, Wales in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="30972009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972009" title="2011–14 Saudi Arabian protests">
2011–14 Saudi Arabian protests

The protests in Saudi Arabia were influenced by the Arab Spring that started with the 2011 Tunisian revolution. Protests started with a self-immolation in Samtah and Jeddah street protests in late January 2011, followed by protests against anti-Shia discrimination in February and early March in Qatif, Hofuf, al-Awamiyah, and Riyadh. A Facebook organiser of a planned 11 March "Day of Rage", Faisal Ahmed Abdul-Ahad, was allegedly killed by Saudi security forces on 2 March, with several hundred people protesting in Qatif, Hofuf and al-Amawiyah on the day itself. Khaled al-Johani demonstrated alone in Riyadh, was interviewed by BBC Arabic Television, was detained in 'Ulaysha Prison, and became known online as "the only brave man in Saudi Arabia". Many protests over human rights took place in April 2011 in front of government ministry buildings in Riyadh, Ta'if and Tabuk and in January 2012 in Riyadh.
Protests against the government and calling for prisoners held without charge or trial to be released continued in April and May 2011 in Qatif, al-Awamiyah and Hofuf in the Eastern Province, and extended to calls for the Peninsula Shield Force to be withdrawn from Bahrain and for the Eastern Province to have a constitution and a legislature. Four protestors were shot dead by Saudi authorities in late November in Qatif region protests and funerals, two on 12/13 and 26 January 2012, and two on 9 and 10 February 2012. In the early 2012 demonstrations, protestors chanted slogans against the House of Saud and Minister of Interior, Nayef, calling Nayef a "terrorist", "criminal" and "butcher" and throwing an effigy of Nayef at tanks. Police described two of the fatal shootings as responses to unidentified gunmen who had shot first. Eastern Province protests intensified after Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr was wounded in the leg and arrested by police on 8 July. Four men were killed in a protest immediately following the arrest, and on 13 July, with several funerals and protests following, including calls for the downfall of the House of Saud. While detained, al-Nimr was tortured and started a hunger strike. Protest organisers insisted on the use of nonviolent resistance and called for all Shia and Sunni detainees to be freed. A protestor and a soldier were fatally shot in Qatif during a 3–4 August protest, leading to more protests.
Protests and sit-ins calling for political prisoners to be released spread beyond the Eastern Province to protests at the Ministry of Interior in Riyadh on 20 March and in Riyadh and Buraidah in December 2011, and in July and August 2012 in front of the Ministry in Riyadh, in Mecca in Ta'if, in Buraidah, and near al-Ha'ir Prison.
Women organised a Facebook women's suffrage campaign called "Baladi", stating that Saudi Arabian law gives women electoral rights. In April 2011, women in Jeddah, Riyadh and Dammam tried to register as electors for the 29 September municipal elections despite officials stating that women could not participate. In May and June, Manal al-Sharif and other women organised a women's right-to-drive campaign, with the main action to take place on 17 June. In late September, Shaima Jastania was sentenced to 10 lashes for driving in Jeddah, shortly after King Abdullah announced women's participation in the 2015 municipal elections and eligibility as Consultative Assembly members; King Abdullah overturned the sentence. Al-Sharif and Samar Badawi filed lawsuits against Saudi authorities in the Grievances Board, a non-Sharia court, because of the rejection of their driving licence applications. Women university students protested in King Khalid University (KKU) in Abha in March 2012 and were attacked by security forces, leading to one death. Other university protests followed in Taibah University in Medina and Tabuk University in March and April. KKU students called for the university president to be dismissed. He was replaced on 1 July 2012.
Protests timeline.
January–April 2011.
Protests started with a 65-year-old man's self-immolation in Samtah, Jizan on 21 January and protests of a few hundred people in late January in Jeddah, triggered by flooding, and several times throughout February and early March in the cities of Qatif, al-Awamiyah, Riyadh, and Hofuf. A "Day of Rage" was planned for 11 March. One of the main organisers, Faisal Ahmed Abdul-Ahad (or "Abdul-Ahadwas"), was alleged to have been killed by Saudi security forces on 2 March, by which time one of the "Facebook" groups discussing the plans had over 26,000 members. On 11 March, several hundred people protested in Qatif, Hofuf and al-Amawiyah. Khaled al-Johani demonstrated in Riyadh despite a massive police presence, was interviewed by BBC Arabic Television, and has since then been detained in 'Ulaysha Prison. Al-Johani became known online as "the only brave man in Saudi Arabia".
The Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association (ACPRA) and the Saudi organisation Human Rights First Society called for ACPRA co-founder Mohammed Saleh Albejadi to be released following his arbitrary arrest in Buraidah on 21 March by Mabahith, the internal security agency. In April, several small protests over labour rights took place in front of government ministry buildings in Riyadh, Ta'if and Tabuk. Protests, made up mainly of Shia protestors, continued in late March and April in Qatif and smaller cities in the Eastern Province such as al-Awamiyah, and Hofuf. The protestors called for the release of prisoners, for the Peninsula Shield Force to be withdrawn from Bahrain, for equal representation in key offices and for reforms in political positions, as they feel marginalised.
In response to the 22–23 March announcement of men-only municipal elections in late September 2011 to elect half the members of local councils, women organised a Facebook women's suffrage campaign called "Baladi", stating that Saudi Arabian law gives women electoral rights. In April, women in Jeddah, Riyadh and Dammam tried to register as electors for the 22 September municipal elections despite officials stating that women could not participate.
May–December 2011.
In May and June, motivated by the Arab Spring, Manal al-Sharif and other women organised a women's right-to-drive campaign, with the main action to take place on 17 June. Al-Sharif drove a car in May and was detained on 22 May and from 23‒30 May. Other women also drove cars, including actress Wajnat Rahbini, who was arrested after driving in Jeddah on 4 June and released a day later. From 17 June to late June, about seventy cases of women driving were documented. In late September, Shaima Jastania was sentenced to 10 lashes for driving in Jeddah, shortly after King Abdullah announced women's participation in the 2015 municipal elections and eligibility as Consultative Assembly members. King Abdullah cancelled the sentence.
From 17 June to late June, more than seventy cases of women driving were documented. Protests in the Qatif region continued in May and in October protests, police shot live ammunition at protestors. The protestors called for Eastern Province to have its own constitution and legislative assembly, and for their association Society for Development and Change to be legally registered. In late November, Nasser al-Mheishi, Ali al-Felfel, Munib al-Sayyed al-'Adnan and Ali Abdullah al-Qarairis were shot dead by security forces in the Qatif region in successive protests and funerals. The protests continued in December.
Hundreds of people protested n Riyadh and Buraidah in December, calling for the release or trial of prisoners.
January–June 2012.
A protest for labour rights took place in Riyadh on 14 January and a sit-in calling for the Syrian Ambassador to be expelled occurred on 5 February in Jeddah.
Protests in the Qatif region continued from January to May, with security forces using live fire against protestors, killing four, and arresting medical personnel. Security forces shot dead Issam Mohamed Abu Abdallah in al-Awamiyah on 12 or 13 January, Montazar Sa'eed al-Abdel in al-Awamiyah on 26 January, and Munir al-Midani and Zuhair al-Said on 9 and 10 February. In the 70,000 strong funeral for Abdallah on 16 January in al-Awamiyah and the daily Qatif region protests that followed, protestors chanted slogans against the House of Saud and Minister of Interior, Nayef, Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia. In mid-February, two medical personnel were arrested for having clandestinely treated injured protestors. In a 10 February protest and a 13 February funeral, an effigy of Nayef was thrown at tanks and participants described Nayef as a "terrorist", "criminal" and "butcher". Police described two of the fatal shootings as responses to unidentified gunmen who had shot first.
Manal al-Sharif and Samar Badawi, active in the women to drive movement, announced that they had filed lawsuits against Saudi authorities in the Grievances Board, a non-Sharia court, because of the rejection of their driving licence applications. As of the end of June 2012, 100 Saudi women had started driving regularly since the June 2011 campaign launch. Women university students protested in King Khalid University in Abha in March and were attacked by security forces, leading to one death. Other university protests followed in Taibah University in Medina and Tabuk University in March and April.
Since July 2012.
In July 2012, Amnesty International protested in the United Nations Human Rights Council against legal persecution of Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association (ACPRA) leaders. Ten female activists were detained in a Buraidah 14 July protest calling for political prisoners to be freed. Similar protests calling for prisoners to be freed and protesting against the Saudi government occurred in Buraidah on 23 July and in front of the Ministry of Interior in Riyadh on 25 July, in Riyadh and Mecca on 28 July, in Ta'if. in Buraidah, near al-Ha'ir Prison and in Dammam in August.
In July and August 2012, protests in the Qatif region intensified after Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr was wounded in the leg and arrested by police on 8 July. Three men were killed in a protest on the evening of the arrest. Funerals and protests took place on 10 July, 11 July and 13 July, including chants calling for the downfall of the House of Saud. Another protestor was shot dead in 13 July al-Awamiyah protest. While detained, al-Nimr was tortured, had bruises on his face and broken teeth, and started a hunger strike. Protest organisers in al-Awamiyah stated their support for al-Nimr and insisted on the use of nonviolent resistance. Protester Mohamed al-Shakhouri was shot in the back and neck and arrested in a 26–27 July protest calling for al-Nimr's release. Further protests called for all Shia and Sunni detainees to be freed, including al-Shakhouri. A protestor and a soldier were fatally shot in Qatif during a 3–4 August evening human rights protest, leading to several more protests.
Casualties.
Deaths.
Others.
On 21 January 2011, an unidentified 65-year-old man died after setting himself on fire in the town of Samtah, Jizan. This was apparently the kingdom's first known case of self-immolation.
On 21 November 2011, a 9-year-old girl was shot dead in a demonstration in Qatif along with Ali al-Felfel, during the funeral for Nasser al-Mheishi.
On 8 July 2012, an unidentified demonstrator was killed by the security forces along with Akbar Hassan al-Shakhouri and Mohamed Redha al-Felfel, during a protest against the arrest of Nimr al-Nimr by the Saudi authorities.
On 10 September 2012, a Bangladeshi man was shot dead in the Al-Awamiyah district of eastern Saudi Arabia. Saudi police said that the Bangladeshi man was driving when his car was hit by bullets fired at two security patrol cars. However, an activist in Al-Awamiyah gave a different account of the incident, saying the man had been killed by gunfire when security forces stormed a house while trying to arrest one of the 23 wanted activist for organising protest in Qatif.
Response.
Domestic.
On 10 February, a Reuters report claimed that 10 intellectuals, human rights activists and lawyers came together to create the Umma Islamic Party – considered to be the first political party in Saudi Arabia since the 1990s – to demand the end of absolute monarchy in the country. On 18 February however, all ten members of the party were arrested and ordered to withdraw demands for political reform in exchange for their release.
On 23 February, Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah, after returning to the country following three months spent abroad for health treatment, announced a series of benefits for citizens amounting to $10.7 billion. These include funding to offset high inflation and to aid young unemployed people and Saudi citizens studying abroad, as well the writing off some loans. As part of the Saudi scheme, state employees will see their incomes increase by 15 percent, and additional cash has also been made available for housing loans. No political reforms were announced as part of the package, though the 86-year-old monarch did pardon some prisoners indicted in financial crimes.
On 6 March, the Saudi Arabian Council of Senior Scholars, headed by Grand Mufti Abd al-'Aziz al-Ashaikh, issued a fatwā (religious opinion) opposing petitions and demonstrations, declaring, "Therefore the council hereby reaffirms that only the reform and that has its legitimacy is that which may bring welfare and avert the evil, whereas it is illegal to issue statements and take signatures for the purposes of intimidation and inciting the strife. ... reform should not be by demonstrations and other means and methods that give rise to unrest and divide the community. ... The Council affirms prohibition of the demonstrations in this country and [that the legal method which realizes the welfare without causing destruction rests on the mutual advice." The fatwa included a "severe threat against internal dissent", stating, "Prophet again said: 'He who wanted separate affairs of this nation who are unified, you should kill him with sword whoever he is' (narrated by Muslim)." In late March, Abd al-'Aziz al-Ashaikh called for a million copies of the fatwa to be printed and distributed.
On 22–23 March 2011, officials of the Ministry of Municipal and Rural affairs announced that men-only municipal elections to elect half the members of local councils would be held in September 2011. "Associated Press" described the election announcement as having "coincided with rumblings of dissent in Saudi Arabia stemming from the wave of political unrest in the Arab world."
Arrests and other repression.
About 30 to 50 people were arrested following 29 January Jeddah demonstration. On 18 February, the ten founding members of the Umma Islamic Party were arrested and ordered to withdraw demands for political reform in exchange for their release.
According to a Deutsche Presse-Agentur report on 2 March, Saudi activists have alleged that one of the main administrators of one of the Facebook groups calling for a "Day of Rage" on 11 March, Faisal Ahmed Abdul-Ahad (or "Abdul-Ahadwas"), was killed by Saudi security forces, who removed his body to "hide evidence of the crime".
On 5 March, thousands of security forces were sent to the north-east, causing delays on the road to Dammam. On the same day, following about two weeks of small protests in the eastern part of Saudi Arabia, the Ministry of the Interior warned that the "ban all sorts of demonstrations, marches, sit-ins" imposed by Saudi law would be enforced.
On 9 March, Foreign Minister Saud Al Faisal stated that the government would not tolerate any street protests against it, while also saying that the "best way to achieve demands is through national dialogue".
On 21 March, Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association (ACPRA) co-founder Mohammed Saleh Albejadi (also "Al-Bjady") was arrested in Buraidah by Mabahith, the internal security agency. ACPRA stated that the arrest was arbitrary, in violation of the Basic Law of Saudi Arabia and the "Law of Criminal Procedures".
On 27 March 2011, Human Rights Watch estimated that the "scale of arrests dramatically during the preceding two weeks", up to about 160 protestors and critics being held without charge.
In early January 2012, Saudi authorities published the names of a list of 23 people who were allegedly involved in the October 2011 Awamiyah/Qatif protests, calling for their arrests. Ministry of Interior spokesman Mansour al-Turki alleged that the protestors "were working according to a foreign agenda" and were "sponsored financially or supplied with weapons and were working as part of an organization". Shah Ali al-Shokan (or "Shaukan") from Tarout Island, one of the 23, was arrested by Mabahith on 2 January 2012. Hussain Ali Abdullah al-Baraki, Mosa Ja'far Mohammad al-Mabyouq, and two others among the 23 were also arrested on 2 January. The Ministry of Interior claimed that al-Shokan, al-Baraki and al-Mabyouq had turned themselves in voluntarily. On 10 January, Aqeel al-Yaseen was wounded in al-Awamiyah by security forces, arrested and transferred to a Mabahith facility in Dammam, and forbidden family visits.
Censorship.
In mid-March 2011, Reuters chief correspondent in Saudi Arabia, Ulf Laessing, who had reported from Riyadh since 2009, had his journalistic accreditation withdrawn because of his reporting on the early 2011 Saudi Arabian protests, effectively forcing him to leave Saudi Arabia.
International.
Media.
Journalist Robert Fisk said that the protests were known as the "Hunayn Revolution," after the Battle of Hunayn fought between Muhammad and the Hawazin.
Other.
Exiled Saudi physicist and political dissident Mohammad al-Massari described police attacks on women in 3 March 2011 Qatif demonstration as a strategic error, saying, "They made a stupid mistake by attacking women and so on because they think Shia women do not have ... the honor protection like the rest of the women in the country. But attacking women in Saudi Arabia, in an Islamic country is very severe, very negative and catastrophic ... and this will have dire repercussions."
On 21 February 2011, oil prices rose in response to the 2011 Libyan civil war and speculation regarding 11 March Saudi Arabian Day of Rage. The Saudi Tadawul stock market index fell to a seven-month low on stability concerns. During the week of 27 February, global stock prices fell as oil prices increased and silver reached a 30-year high price on stability concerns in the region. Regional stock market indices also fell on concern for Saudi stability.

</doc>
<doc id="30972042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972042" title="Associative economics">
Associative economics

Associative economics is a term used variously by different people around the world. For some of these the work of Austrian philosopher and social thinker Rudolf Steiner is a reference. Steiner gave a course of lectures in 1922 in which he set out his view that with the advent of global economy, the science of economics would need to take a further step, which included an elaboration of the economic process, a more precise monetary analysis, and a clearer understanding of how, through the division of labour, the associative basis of economic life becomes apparent. "Associative economics" emphasizes the development of conscious coordination of producers, distributors, and consumers. It understands the global economy as a single unified domain, through which human beings meet one another's needs. It is called "associative economics" because its goal is an economic sector which is managed by associations of business corporations (industry associations) and consumer associations instead of by the Invisible Hand of the blind market (capitalist economics) and instead of by the government (socialist economics). 
Themes.
Some of the themes central to/addressed by associative economics include the following: how the three functions of money become three qualities; why the ‘factors of production’ are better described as ‘factors of price formation’; true pricing (in lieu of the efficient market hypothesis); the concepts of gift money (not synonymous with donations) and ‘loan money’ (not synonymous with loans); moving from real to personal credit; property rights in terms of the 'fundamental sociological law' needed; understanding that land is not in the market ever – what is in the market is the right to own or use land; understanding in detail and technically how one overcomes the gold standard, or what happens to balance of payments, or whether there can be banking in an associative economy.
The idea of associative economics is often also the inspiration behind such things as community supported agriculture, ethical banking, social finance, community land trusts, and local currencies.
Local and global.
Associative economics recognizes the central role of the individual entrepreneur and the inherent regulatory effect of face-to-face transactions between producers and consumers. At the same time, it sees that the economic organism has become truly global – has moved beyond national boundaries – so that when the economy is seen from a national perspective this is only partial and potentially harmful. Though within the context of a legislative and regulatory framework, the economy is best conducted not by the State but by those who are responsible for economic activities, potentially everyone!, working in association with one another rather than unto themselves. It has also been described as an "altruistic stakeholder-managed economy"). 
This picture of an autonomously conducted economy belongs to Steiner's overall conception of the threefold nature of social life. 
The threefold nature of social life.
In the early 20th century, Rudolf Steiner spoke in detail about the threefold nature of social life; not as an invention or theory, but as observable fact (also known as the "threefold social organism" or "social threefolding"). Central to this perception is the need for autonomy (separate yet conscious interaction) on the part of the three realms of social life: the economy, the rights life (including politics and law), and spiritual-cultural life, meaning the many worldviews that human beings cherish. Though historically premature, they see in the cry of the French Revolution ("Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité") three fundamental ideals of the modern human being, each of which can only find its proper place in one of these three spheres. Freedom and pluralism in the spiritual-cultural realm, including in education; uncoerced cooperation in the economic realm – where through the division of labor individuals come together to meet one another’s needs; and democracy and equality in the political rights realm – where everyone comes together to sense and make agreements that are right for all.
Land, labor, and capital.
Many things which today are considered commodities within the ‘free-market’ paradigm are differently understood within an associative paradigm. For example: land, labor, and capital. The so-called ‘factors of production’ are seen as 'factors of price formation', essentially matters of right which simply border the economic realm on all sides. However, in the associative paradigm, these 'factors of price formation' do not fall into the hands of the state. 
Land is part of the commons. It is our common heritage, a resource that, in a wider sense, belongs to all (including future generations, but, again, "not" to the State), and which needs to be entrusted by voluntary groups and individuals to those whom such groups and individuals consider most capable of using it to meet current social needs. 
Steiner views labor as a form of "wagery," the remnant of serfdom and slavery (where once we sold our whole body, now we sell our ’labor power’). But it is also an economic untruth, an impossibility which we allow to persist: ""actually speak as though a kind of sale and purchase took place between the wage-earner who sells his labour and the man who buys it from him. But this sale and purchase is fictitious. It does not in reality take place... [In reality it is values which are exchanged. The worker produces something directly; he delivers a product, and it is this product which the enterpriser really buys from him. In actual fact, down to the last farthing, the enterpriser pays for the products which the workers deliver to him. It is time we began to see these things in their right light.""
Capital creates value by the application of intelligence to labor. It is the human spirit manifest in the economic process. An interesting analysis of this viewpoint is provided by Folkert Wilken in his book The Liberation of Capital Often taking the form of money, it further frees and empowers the entrepreneur to apply their intelligence. The artist Joseph Beuys famously expressed this as "Art=Capital" (Kunst=Kapital), or alternatively, for his art piece in the 'Luna Luna' art fair in 1987, "Money is not CAPITAL at all. CAPACITY is CAPITAL." Capital is therefore intimately linked to the individual, although it also owes much to our common heritage, especially the way we are educated.
In an associative economy, therefore, land, labor, and capital are understood as rights phenomena. Some interpret this to mean they are held in trust on behalf of the community (but not held by the state) and consequently managed by those with both the desire and capacity, but how precisely this idea is given practical expression is one of the key, and liveliest, areas of research in associative economics. 
Land trusts, which remove land from the private market, but also keep it out of the hands of the state, have been developed for the protection of the environment and in order to make home ownership more accessible to low income people. 
As for labor, many different kinds of efforts have been made to treat laborers not as a mere company expense or a mere factor of production, but as partners and associates in the business. That entails profit sharing, and a number of profound changes in the way workers are involved in companies. 
As for capital, the associative idea broadly speaking is that the buildup of capital is a social phenomenon due to many more stakeholders than are acknowledged under traditional capitalism. As a social phenomenon, accumulations of capital by a company should be administered in a way that reflects social consideration among many stakeholders: Not just investors, but workers, the local and to some extent global community and environment, and independent educational institutions, are the sources of profits and profitable ideas and capital, and should have some share in the company and in its profits. An associative company would be set up so that it cannot be sold off by investors, since the company is not merely the creation of investors. But many different arrangements are possible. 
One example is the Mondragon Industrial Cooperatives (started by Catholic priest José Mª Arizmendiarrieta, who was not associated with Rudolf Steiner, but whose economic views overlapped in important ways with Steiner's economic views). By the end of 2011, the Mondragon Industrial Cooperatives employed 83,869 people working in 256 companies in four areas of activity: Finance, Industry, Retail and Knowledge.
In an associative enterprise, distant investors, if allowed to invest at all, might not be given any voting rights, or the ability to take control of the company and sell it unilaterally without regard to other stakeholders. An emphasis might be placed on getting investment capital from a company's workers, who could be asked to invest part of their earnings or profits in a company investment fund to help expand the company and develop new offshoots. When a worker leaves the company, he withdraws his invested capital, plus its earnings and interest, and some sort of pension given enough years of service. The company is set up so that no one can amass company shares, and thus the company itself cannot be sold and remains a resource for the community, which after all has been a part of the company's success. The company, while for-profit, might be held in trust by a non-profit board, which ensures the company remains as a resource for the community. The broad guiding lines of associative economic enterprise are that economic life should not be owned or managed by the state (which however of course legislates and makes sure that laws and regulations are followed by companies, including basic rights for workers), nor should economic life be owned or managed merely by those who have lots of capital to invest; ownership should be spread among all the stakeholders, with an emphasis on those who work in a company, the local community, and independent schools. Management of the company should be determined not by the state, but by talent, know-how, and success: i.e., whoever can manage the company profitably and for the benefit of all stakeholders, might be selected in various ways by various stakeholders, depending on circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="30972043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972043" title="Microsoma exiguum">
Microsoma exiguum

Microsoma exiguum is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30972046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972046" title="Nicola Cuomo">
Nicola Cuomo

Nicola Cuomo (Andria (BA), 1946) is an Italian educator and Professor of Special Education at the University of Bologna. Since 1974 he has conducted research on the difficulties of learning and teaching and on reducing the impact of disability with particular reference to Down syndrome, fragile X syndrome and autism. Resulting from thirty years of research he has developed a didactic method known as "Emotion to Know" which is based on the theories of Vygotsky, Wertheimer and Husserl. The method is based on the premise that a person with a disability should as much as possible lead a life that takes into account their own originality in developing an intentional consciousness, independent living, and independent path in a global, active, lived and acted way.
Emotion to Know.
The method involved in “Emotion to Know” does not frame learning in fragmented exercises, but rather in complex and articulated activities, with a strong association at an affective level, involving more concepts, more competences, and more abilities that are not only potential, but realized. The ways of knowing, the experiences, the education, the knowledge, and the didactics are not presented in a superficial and linear way like the shot of a gun, but are systemic, contextualised, articulated, and complex like the flight of a butterfly. It is an educational and didactic method that does not place experiences, learning, and notions in a superficial rational relation, but rather into a psycho-affective one where learning is essentially a qualitative maturation of the experience, specifically designed to arouse the emotion to know and desire to exist including the competences to solve new and unexpected problems.
Interventions in Special Education characterised by the Emotion to Know method aim to link learning to the consciousness and to discover the power of ones own body, through which it is possible to operate on objects, on others, and on the world. It is the power of being able to act and to want to act; to provoke a permanent and dynamic passage in a context of reciprocity, from person to person.
Without these deep emotional attentions and/or preliminary strategies it often gets difficult to involve a person with a disability, because having as reference RATIONALITY and MOTIVATIONS in order to involve him/her in a project is frequently very difficult or impossible: these are sometimes absent. Therefore it is essential to create the conditions for success, as it is from this success that the motivations derive. The possibilities of success have to be researched in those fields in which the person with the disability demonstrates even only minimal practical competences.
The stringency and at the same time the flexibility of the Emotion to Know method, including actively involving children and people with disabilities in planning processes, making them active participants of the learning process, aims to ensure that the child / person acquires the ability to solve problems and to transfer what they have learned to new and unknown situations. Errors, therefore, also become part of the learning process. Consistent with Gestalt guidelines, the Emotion to Know method proposes respect for diversity and originality considering each of them as resources, and finding the educator in the role of the solicitor and provoker of opportunities rather than a mere transmitter of knowledge and pre-packaged and pre-planned content.
A detailed description of 'Emotion to Know' in both English and Italian will be available in a special issue of the International Journal of Whole Schooling due for publication in late 2011. Further information in Italian can be found by following the links listed below.
References.
N. Cuomo, A. Imola, Cuestionamos las experiencias, «REVISTA DE EDUCACIÓN ESPECIAL», 2008, 1, pp. 49 – 58 
N. Cuomo, La lettera come strumento di lavoro, «L' EMOZIONE DI CONOSCERE E IL DESIDERIO DI ESISTERE», 2008, 3, pp. 41 – 47 
N. Cuomo, La storia di R. Una risposta, un'esperienza da interrogare (II Parte), «L' EMOZIONE DI CONOSCERE E IL DESIDERIO DI ESISTERE», 2008, 3, pp. 20 – 27 
N. Cuomo, La storia di R. Un'esperienza da interrogare (I Parte), «L' EMOZIONE DI CONOSCERE E IL DESIDERIO DI ESISTERE», 2008, 2, pp. 17 – 25 
N. Cuomo, Le emozioni, la ricerca, la pedagogia speciale, «L' EMOZIONE DI CONOSCERE E IL DESIDERIO DI ESISTERE», 2007, 1, pp. 1 – 5 
N. Cuomo, Lettera: uno strumento di lavoro, «L' EMOZIONE DI CONOSCERE E IL DESIDERIO DI ESISTERE», 2007, 1, pp. 14 – 19 
N. Cuomo, L'insegnamento della scrittura e della lettura, «L' EMOZIONE DI CONOSCERE E IL DESIDERIO DI ESISTERE», 2007, 1, pp. 11 – 13 
N. Cuomo, C. De Pellegrin, Rifettiamo sullo sviluppo e gli apprendimendi, «L' EMOZIONE DI CONOSCERE E IL DESIDERIO DI ESISTERE», 2007, 1, pp. 6 – 10 
Nicola Cuomo, Verso una scuola dell'emozione di conoscere - Il futuro insegnante, insegnante del futuro, PISA, Edizioni ETS, 2007, pp. 130 (Emozione di Conoscere). 
Nicola Cuomo, Come superare un handicap, «INCHIESTA», 2006, 151, pp. 66 – 71 
N. Cuomo, Interroghiamo le esperienze. Alla ricerca di buone prassi per il superamento degli handicap, «INFANZIA», 2006, 1(12), pp. 21 – 27 
N.Cuomo, E. Bacciaglia, I modi dell'insegnare: tra il dire e il fare ..., tra le buone prassi e le cattive abitudini, CESENA, AEMOCON, 2005, pp. 314 (AEMOCON). 
CUOMO N., L'Altra faccia del Diavolo Aprendere e insegnare in stato di benessere: un atteggiamento speriemtale, CESENA, Cils, 2005, pp. 314 (AEMOCON). 
Nicola Cuomo, L'emocio de coneixer i el desig d'existir, «SUPORTS», 2005, Vol.9 - Num.1, pp. 17 – 22 
Nicola Cuomo, Cinzia De Pellegrin, Un projecte de vida independent: un projecte per a la qualitat de vida, «SUPORTS», 2005, Volume 9 Num.1, pp. 6 – 16 
A. KUMMER WYSS, P. WALTHER-MULLER; N. CUOMO, Didaktische Orienterungen in: Integration:Anspruch und Wirklichkeit, in:, Schweizer Heilpadagogik Kongress, BERNA, SZH CSPS, 2004, pp. 57 – 66 (atti di: Schweizer Heilpadagogik Kongress, Berna, 18–20 September 2003) di convegno-relazione
M. DE CARLO-BONVIN; CUOMO N., L'Emozione di Conoscere e il Desiderio di Esistere- Surmonter son appréhension face aux nouveautés in: Au seuil d'une école pour tous Réflexions, expériences et enjeux de l'intégraion des élèves es situation de handicap, in:, Au seuil d'une école pour tous, BERNA, Edition SZH/CSPS, 2004, pp. 79 – 87 (atti di: Congrès suisse de pédagogie spécialisée organisé par le Centr suisse de pédagogie spécialisée, Svizzera, Berna 18/20 Settembre 2003) di convegno-relazione
N.CUOMO, Uno Strumento di lavoro. La "Lettera", in: COLLANA A CURA DI GIORGIO CIAN E DIEGA ORLANDO, - Rivista per la formazione nelle professioni educative- "Disabilità Integrazione e Pedagogia Speciale " Coordimamento di: Ferdinando Montuschi e Roberta Caldin, MILANO, CEDAM, 2004, pp. 608 – 618 (Studium Educazionis) di libro

</doc>
<doc id="30972059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972059" title="SY Quest incident">
SY Quest incident

The SY "Quest" incident occurred in February 2011 when Somali pirates seized the American yacht SY "Quest" (s/v "Quest") and four United States citizens. In response the United States Navy, supporting Operation Enduring Freedom, dispatched the aircraft carrier USS "Enterprise" and three other ships with orders to free the hostages. Though American forces were capable of neutralizing the threat, all of the hostages were killed. The SY "Quest" was the first American vessel to be captured by Somali pirates since the "Maersk Alabama" hijacking in 2009.
Incident.
According to American reports, the SY "Quest" was captured on 18 February 2011 at 13.23 UTC by nineteen pirates in a mothership, 190 to 240 miles off the coast of Oman at approximately in the Indian Ocean. Pirates then tried sailing the SY "Quest" towards Puntland. Sometime thereafter the "Enterprise", the guided missile cruiser USS "Leyte Gulf" and the guided missile destroyers USS "Sterett" and USS "Bulkeley" were sent to the area and arrived several days later on or about 21 February. Captain Dee Mewbourne, of the "Enterprise", then proceeded with opening negotiations with the pirates, at which time two Somalis went aboard the "Sterett". On the following morning, 22 February, while negotiations were still taking place, a pirate aboard the SY "Quest" fired a rocket propelled grenade at the "Sterett" from 600 yards away but it missed. Almost immediately afterward gunfire was heard aboard the yacht so a boarding party was sent in on a raft and they boarded the SY "Quest". A brief skirmish occurred resulting in the deaths of two pirates, one by rifle fire and the other by a combat knife. Thirteen pirates surrendered in the process and were taken into custody. After boarding, the American navy personnel discovered Phyllis Macay and Robert Riggle, of Seattle, Washington and the SY "Quest"s owners, Jean and Scott Adam of Marina del Rey, California.
All four of the captives had been wounded by gunfire so navy corpsmen attempted to provide medical assistance but were unsuccessful. The bodies of two other pirates were also found aboard the SY "Quest" though United States Navy officials had no explanation for their deaths. Vice Admiral Mark I. Fox, issued a statement a few days later saying that the American forces involved had no intention of attacking but were obligated after hearing small arms fire. The pirate leader Mohamud, in Somalia, claimed that the hostages were killed because the American warships started to attack and he told Reuters that ""we ordered our comrades to kill the four Americans before they got killed."" The leader Farah, in Bayla, Puntland also spoke with Reuters over the telephone and said ""I lost the money I invested and my comrades. No forgiveness for the Americans. Revenge. Our business will go on"", adding that he had spent $110,000 on food, weapons and salaries for the highjacking. Thirteen of the pirates were found to be Somalis and the other a Yemeni; they were sent to Norfolk, Virginia to face charges of piracy and kidnapping.
The three captured Somalis, Mohamud Salad Ali, Mohamud Hirs Issa Ali and Ali Abdi Mohamed, pleaded guilty in a US court. 
On 8 July 2013 Ahmed Muse Salad, a/k/a “Afmagalo,” 27, Abukar Osman Beyle, 33, and Shani Nurani Shiekh Abrar, 31; those who actually killed the 4 hostages; were found guilty of piracy, murder within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, violence against maritime navigation, conspiracy to commit violence against maritime navigation resulting in death, kidnapping resulting in death, conspiracy to commit kidnapping, hostage taking resulting in death, conspiracy to commit hostage taking resulting in death and multiple firearms offenses. All three were sentenced in November 2013 and all received 21 life sentences, 19 consecutive life sentences and 2 concurrent life sentences, and 30 years consecutive.
External Sites.
Welcome to s/v Quest Adventure Log

</doc>
<doc id="30972068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972068" title="Ajar Valley Nature Reserve">
Ajar Valley Nature Reserve

Ajar Valley Nature Reserve is a protected area in Afghanistan, located in Bamyan Province. It was deisgnated a nature reserve in the early 20th century after the Afghan royal family had used the area for hunting. It is considered by the IUCN to be one of the most important natural areas of Afghanistan and was proposed for a national park in 1981. Poaching is still a problem in the valley and protection has been implicated by war. Especially threatened is the ibex population.
External Links.
The Atlantic: The Valley of Kings, April 2004

</doc>
<doc id="30972071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972071" title="Samuel Williamson">
Samuel Williamson

Samuel Williamson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30972080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972080" title="Blagoveshchensky, Russia">
Blagoveshchensky, Russia

Blagoveshchensky (; masculine), Blagoveshchenskaya (; feminine), or Blagoveshchenskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="30972130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972130" title="IDPS Software">
IDPS Software

IDPS is a graphics server software, to be run by an application program and dedicated to technical and scientific data display. An API is provided for application programs written in Fortran, C, or Python.
IDPS runs on Unix-based systems (tested under Linux, Solaris, OSF1).
There're also a MS-Windows port.
IDPS is free software, released under the GPL.

</doc>
<doc id="30972153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972153" title="Flattery Not Included">
Flattery Not Included

Flattery Not Included is the debut album of Mr. B The Gentleman Rhymer, the chap hop musician and satirist. It introduces Mr. B's notion of chap hop, a form of hip hop performed in the King's English with banjolele accompaniment and chappist lyrical themes concerning nostalgia for Edwardian life (or an idealised version of it), notably cricket, pipe-smoking, and sherry. Other songs focus on hip hop culture and the relations between it and chappism as practised by Mr. B.

</doc>
<doc id="30972171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972171" title="Wheatfield Prison">
Wheatfield Prison

Wheatfield Prison is a closed, medium security prison located on Cloverhill Road, Clondalkin, Dublin 22. It receives male prisoners of 17 years of age and older from the counties of Louth, Meath, Monaghan, Wexford and Wicklow. It has a bed capacity of 430 and in 2009 the average daily number of inmates resident was 426.
History.
The construction of Wheatfield Prison began in 1980 and it opened nine years later in 1989. Cloverhill Prison, a remand prison, is located on a site adjacent to it. Both institutions share many of the same facilities.The prison was used in the TV series The Governor by ITV in 1994 and in Love/Hate for RTÉ in 2013.
Attempted drug smuggling via UAV.
Around 11am on 24 June 2014 a quadcopter crashed into an exercise yard of the prison. The quadcopter collided with wires designed to prevent helicopters landing to aid escapes, causing it to crash. A package containing drugs hung from the quadcopter by a rope and was siezed by a group of prisoners before prison staff could get to it. One prisoner swallowed the drugs and was placed into solitary confinement along with several others. The quadcopter was badly damaged by the crash, though an unsuccessful attempt was made to fly it out of the prison. The quadcopter was handed over to an Garda Síochána and both they and the prison service are holding their own investigations.

</doc>
<doc id="30972185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972185" title="Bituminaria morisiana">
Bituminaria morisiana

Bituminaria morisiana is a perennial Mediterranean herb species in the genus "Bituminaria".
The pterocarpans bitucarpin A and B can be isolated from the aerial parts of "B. morisiana", erybraedin C from the leaves and morisianine is isolated from the seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="30972207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972207" title="Henry of Unna">
Henry of Unna

Henry of Unna was proctor of the University of Paris in the 14th century, beginning his term on January 13, 1340. He was preceded as proctor by Conrad of Megenberg. A native of Denmark, Henry of Unna's term as proctor extended until February 10, 1341.
He is associated primarily with the publication of a statute of the Faculty of Arts of the University of Paris against Ockhamism.This was issued during his proctorship. Henry of Unna was forced to replace the proctor's seal with a new one in 1341.
During his term Henry of Unna led Nicolaus de Dacia to his master's degree and another student, Laurentius de Dacia, to his introductory bachelor's examination. Two years later Nicolaus 'Drukken' de Dacia was promoted to proctor.

</doc>
<doc id="30972255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972255" title="Taxonomic inflation">
Taxonomic inflation

Taxonomic inflation is a pejorative term for what is perceived to be an excessive increase in the number of recognised taxa in a given context, due not to the discovery of new taxa but rather to putatively arbitrary changes to how taxa are delineated.
The best known case is the elevation of a group of subspecies to species rank, through the arbitrary decision that the differences between the various taxa warrant distinguishing them at species rank.
Taxonomic inflation is often claimed to occur for conservation reasons. It may be difficult to make a case for the protection of an isolated and unusual population of a common and widespread species, but it becomes much easier to do so if that population is recognised as a rare subspecies or species.

</doc>
<doc id="30972294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972294" title="Rail adhesion car">
Rail adhesion car

A Rail Adhesion Car or Rail Adhesion Train is a modified vehicle used on rail adhesion system where the normal equipment does not have the rail sanding ability of locomotives. In particular, it may involve tanks and dispensing equipment installed in an electric subway or rail car that is run over the rails alone or in a train to dispense sand when needed. Because of limits of space under the cars the tanks of sand or gel/san mix are installed inside the passenger space.
In the New York City Subway, for example, Rail Adhesion Cars may be created from older equipment. Three such cars exist in the subway system:

</doc>
<doc id="30972315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972315" title="Varakanhalli">
Varakanhalli


</doc>
<doc id="30972322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972322" title="Veniveerapura">
Veniveerapura


</doc>
<doc id="30972337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972337" title="Zarkana">
Zarkana

Zarkana is a Cirque du Soleil stage production written and directed by François Girard. It began as a touring show in 2011 and was converted to a permanent show in Las Vegas in late 2012. It premiered at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on June 29, 2011, and later toured to the State Kremlin Palace in Moscow and the Madrid Arena in Madrid.
Following "Zarkana"'s successful run in Moscow, it was announced that the show would start residency at the Aria Resort and Casino in Las Vegas. The show replaced the Cirque du Soleil resident production "Viva Elvis", which closed in August 2012.
"Zarkana" is about a spirited journey through an abandoned theater where an extraordinary circus comes back to life. Populated by a motley collection of off-the-wall characters and incomparable acrobats, Zarkana is a visual vortex set in a twisted acrobatic fantasy universe where, little by little, chaos and craziness give way to a true celebration.
"Zarkana" is a quintessential Cirque du Soleil spectacular featuring an international cast of 70 world class acrobats, aerialists, jugglers, high wire and trapeze artists set on a grand stage at ARIA Resort & Casino.
History.
To fully rehearse for "Zarkana", Cirque du Soleil needed to find a facility large enough to accommodate a space similar in size to that of Radio City Music Hall. Lacking enough space at the Montréal headquarters, the company looked around North America for a suitable place. They chose the Amway Arena, located in Orlando, Florida. The crew moved into the facility on February 28, 2010, and stayed for a couple of months. Cirque du Soleil paid a day plus expenses to rent the arena; around 200 Cirque employees were eating in Orlando and staying in hotels, and around 100 Floridians worked on the project part-time, creating a "great economic boost" for the city, according to Orlando venues executive Alan Johnson.
Features.
Set and Technical Information.
The set consists of three hand-sculpted arches which represent two of the characters portrayed by the female singer. The first arch, which is also the largest, represents Kundalini, a snake woman whose world is populated by dozens of slithering snakes. It is decorated with more than of hand-painted resin “snakes” which started out as styrofoam sculptures that were used to create molds for the liquid resin. The second arch is utilized as a video screen and represents Mandragora, a plant creature whose vines have overtaken the abandoned theater with its plant-like "arms" that extend to nearly in length. T
The overall aesthetics of the set design were inspired by the Art Nouveau movement of the last century, Antoni Gaudí, and Gustav Klimt. The organic shapes in the set elements are inspired by the French glassmaker and jeweler René Lalique. Lalique's inspiration can be closely seen at the design extremities of the acrobatic equipment.
While the theater's aesthetics helps bring life to the theater, the sophisticated video content was created to define the integral role of storytelling. The goal was to project this strange parallel world through lifelike moving images on an enormous LED wall at the back of the set, while projections on the second of three arches react to the movements of the performers. The LEDs on the light wall, which measures contains more than three million pixels. The second arch contains an LED screen composed of 118 separate panels. The " Zarkana" stage consists of a sliding platform that retracts like a huge drawer to allow for rapid set and equipment changes, and the lighting is designed to make these transitions practically unnoticeable, almost invisible.
Radio City Music Hall is a national landmark, and therefore cannot be altered in any way. Therefore the set and props all sit on top of the stage. Everything brought in must be self-supporting since nothing could be bolted in. This in and of itself made it more difficult for the safety and security designs of the acrobatic equipment.
Below are a few additional highlights from the set design.
Cast.
The cast of "Zarkana" includes many artists, singers, and acrobats from around the world.
Acts.
A talented group of artists and acrobats perform the acts which comprise "Zarkana."
Costumes.
The look of the "Zarkana" characters are inspired by the American circus sideshows that flourished in the 1930s and the spirit of the golden age of Coney Island. The overall visual aesthetic for all 250 costumes are modern takes of the 1920s, the 1930s, and the Art Deco movement. Croatian designer Alan Hranitelj created the costumes for "Zarkana", and drew inspiration from various sources and artists of that era, including Catalan artist Joan Miró and Russian/French designer Erté. These references provided a departure point for his far-ranging and resolutely modernist approach to the look of the show’s characters.
One of the biggest challenges Alan’s team faced was to give a major emphasis to the traditional white of the 15 circus clowns (called the Movers) in costumes, and integrate it with the wider overall color spectrum of the show. He found it to be somewhat of a paradox to use so much white in the color palette taking into consideration the darkness of the show. In order to incorporate the white color of the white clowns with the rest of the show's color spectrum, the team incorporated hints of color into the clown's costumes which are distinctly related to one of the acts. The acts of the show, in fact, have each been assigned their own specific color helping solidify the look throughout the show.
The fabrics chosen for the show included polyester and neoprene. Sublimation was used on the fabrics to create the colors and prints designed for the show, which were developed by the innovators in the Cirque du Soleil costume workshop
Some of the highlights of the costume collection include these below.
Accidents and incidents.
On November 1, 2013, a male acrobat while performing an act known as the ""Wheel of Death"", slipped and fell off the wheel during a performance. The performance was stopped and the artist was taken by ambulance to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada in stable condition.
Tour.
"Zarkana" began as a seasonal touring show, playing at Radio City Music Hall in New York, the Kremlin Palace in Moscow, and the Madrid Arena in Madrid. The show began previews on June 9, 2011, at Radio City Music Hall and premiered on June 29, 2011. In late 2012, the show was converted from a touring production into a permanent resident show at the Aria Resort & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
The following colorboxes indicate the region of each performance: Europe  North America

</doc>
<doc id="30972352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972352" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1968">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1968

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1968, adopted unanimously on February 16, 2011, after recalling previous resolutions on the situation in Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast), including resolutions 1933 (2010), 1942 (2010), 1946 (2010), 1951 (2010), 1962 (2010) and 1967 (2011), the Council extended the deployment of troops from the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) to the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) for an additional three months. 
The Council recalled inter-mission co-operation agreements outlined in resolutions 1609 (2005) and 1938 (2010). At the same time, it also reiterated that it could authorise the Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to send additional troops if necessary. 
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council authorised the temporary redeployment from UNMIL to UNOCI of three infantry companies, one aviation unit and five helicopters for a further three months. It also urged support from police and troop-contributing countries in that regard.
The resolution was adopted amid the political crisis in Côte d'Ivoire, with Laurent Gbagbo and Alassane Ouattara both being inaugurated as President.

</doc>
<doc id="30972363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972363" title="Frederic John Farre">
Frederic John Farre

Life.
Farre was the second son of John Richard Farre, M.D. He was born in Charterhouse Square, London, on 16 December 1804. He was educated at the Charterhouse School, where he was gold medallist in 1821, and captain in 1822. Having obtained a foundation scholarship at St. John's College, Cambridge, he graduated BA as thirty-second wrangler in 1827. After studying medicine at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, London, he graduated M.A. in 1830, and M.D. in 1837. 
In 1831 he was appointed lecturer on botany at St. Bartholomew's, and in 1854 lecturer on materia medica, holding the latter office till 1876. On 23 July 1836 he was elected assistant physician to St. Bartholomew's, and in 1854 full physician. From 1843 till his death he was physician to the Royal London Ophthalmic Hospital. He was long intimately connected with the College of Physicians, having been elected a fellow in 1838, and having held the offices of censor in 1841, 1842, and 1854, lecturer on materia medica 1843–5, councillor 1846–8 and 1866–7, examiner 1861–2 and 1866–7, treasurer 1868–83, and vice-president in 1885. Before he resigned the office of treasurer he presented the college with a copious manuscript history of its proceedings, compiled by himself. 
Farre was one of the editors of the first ‘British Pharmacopœia,’ published by the General Medical Council (1864), and also joined in editing an abridgment of Pereira's ‘Materia Medica,’ published in 1865; greatly enlarged editions appeared in 1872 and 1874. He also published a paper on the ‘Treatment of Acute Pericarditis with Opium’ in the ‘St. Bartholomew's Hospital Reports’ for 1866, which recommends the disuse of the injurious mercurial treatment then in fashion. 
In 1870 he reached the limit of age allowed to physicians at St. Bartholomew's, and retired from active work, though still attending the College of Physicians. He was a successful lecturer and colloquial teacher, being clear and simple in style, and agreeable in manner. He had considerable private practice for many years in Montague Street, Russell Square. He died in Kensington on 9 Nov. 1886, in his eighty-second year. He married Miss Julia Lewis in 1848, by whom he had two daughters, who survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="30972371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972371" title="Hillside Haven Mound">
Hillside Haven Mound

The Hillside Haven Mound (designated 33-Cn-14) is a Native American mound in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located southwest of Oakland in Clinton County, it sits in dense woodland on the side of a hill. It is believed to have been conical in shape at the time of construction, but today it is rounded in shape, measuring high and in diameter.
During a test excavation of the mound and its immediate vicinity, archaeologists from Wilmington College found pieces of Adena pottery around the mound. Judging by findings from other Adena mound sites, the Hillside Haven Mound is believed to be a burial mound built over the body of a leading member of Adena society. Excavations of typical Adena mounds have demonstrated that the Adena culture typically built small log houses around the bodies of their dead leaders, ceremonially burned the houses, and heaped up mounds over the ruins of the houses. Although no detailed excavation has been conducted at Hillside Haven, all evidence found around points to the conclusion that it is a typical Adena mound, with both ceremonial and functional items within.
In 1978, the Hillside Haven Mound was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its value as an archaeological site. As one of the last remaining Native American mounds in Clinton County, it is a rare survivor of Native American prehistory in the region, and its unusually good state of preservation only increases its significance. Contributing to its near-perfect condition is its location along a trail at a campground, which was formerly known as Hillside Haven.
Four other Clinton County archaeological sites are listed on the Register: the Hurley and Keiter Mounds, the Cowan Creek Circular Enclosure, and the Beam Farm Woodland Archaeological District.

</doc>
<doc id="30972378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972378" title="Sandro Pignatti">
Sandro Pignatti

Sandro (Alessandro) Pignatti (born 1930) is an Italian botanist specialising in pteridophytes and spermatophytes.

</doc>
<doc id="30972379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972379" title="The Magical Times">
The Magical Times

The Magical Times is an independent quarterly UK publication primarily featuring articles on folklore, Neopaganism, mythology and personalities within the modern Pagan community. First published in May 2008, a new issue is produced to conicide with the four main Pagan festivals of Imbolc (Feb 1st), Beltane (1 May), Lugh (1 August) and Samhain (31 October). The magazine initially saw distribution in the UK only, but expanded into the US and Canada in 2010. Prominent features from past issues include Loreena McKennitt, Avatar, Doreen Virtue, Diana Cooper, Brian Froud, Josephine Wall and Linda Ravenscroft. The magazine's production and publication are overseen by Matthew Callow, proprietor of Magical Festivals in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="30972407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972407" title="William Farr (disambiguation)">
William Farr (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="30972412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972412" title="Mecynorrhina">
Mecynorrhina

Mecynorrhina (sometime with only one "r") are beetles from the subfamily Cetoniinae, tribe Goliathini. The genus was created by Frederick William Hope, in 1837. 
According to the last work of De Palma & Frantz, the type species of the genus is "Scarabaeus polyphemus" Fabricius, 1781.
The genus is spread throughout the tropical African region.
Species.
Formerly there were three species in the genus "Mecynorrhina":
Some authors designated "ugandensis" as a subspecies of "torquata".
The rarest species was a very long time the "Mecynorrhina oberthuri", until Jean-Pierre Lequeux finds it in some forests of Tanzania where it is very common. This species is now reared by many amateurs.
The most variable species is "Mecynorrhina ugandensis" where rarely two specimens are of the same aspect. Many variations have been illustrated by Allard.
New classification.
Following De Palma & Frantz ("l.c."), the genus is now divided in five subgenus: 

</doc>
<doc id="30972421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972421" title="Basketball at the Pan Arab Games">
Basketball at the Pan Arab Games

Basketball has been an Pan Arab Games event since the first edition in 1953 in Alexandria, Egypt.
Men's tournaments.
Summaries.
"" A round-robin tournament determined the final standings.

</doc>
<doc id="30972446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972446" title="Kesalingayapalli">
Kesalingayapalli

Kesalingayapalli is one of the greate village in Mydukur Mandal, Kadapa District, Andhra Pradesh, India. The village is from Mydukur. Other nearby villages include Bumayapalli, Bandivaripalli, Settivaripalli, Gangavaram, and Akkulayapalli. The population of the village is over 1,800, of which more than 1,300 are Kesa Vamsam.
The Kesa Vamsam are divided into five categories:
There are also Pasala, Tupaki, Bumireddy, Bandi, and others. They are the other Vamsas living in this
village.
Temples.
Every three years the people in this village conduct Gangamma Tirunala, a festival is very popular in Mydukur Mandalam. Many people come from outside the village to e njoy this 
festival.
The Temple SriRama is old temple in this village so the people in this village are decided to build new temple of SriRama. the estimated cost of this temple is 50,00,000.(Fifty Lacks) recently the people started to build the temple.

</doc>
<doc id="30972447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972447" title="Lyryx Learning Inc">
Lyryx Learning Inc

Lyryx Learning Inc. (Lyryx) is a privately held educational software company founded in 2000 at the University of Calgary, in the province of Alberta. Lyryx develops online learning and homework solutions for the higher education market. In 2000, Lyryx established a strategic partnership with McGraw-Hill Ryerson to produce online homework products for the Canadian higher-education market. In 2008, Lyryx negotiated a partnership with Flat World Knowledge to develop FLYX, a content-specific online homework product for the US higher-education market.
History.
In 1997 Claude Laflamme and Keith Nicholson, Professors in the Department of Mathematics and Statistics at the University of Calgary, began work on the design of online tools to support the learning of students in their classes. Laflamme and Nicholson developed and implemented a system which provided substantive feedback to students, creating an effective formative assessment system. The system goes well beyond the typical right/wrong summative grading technique of multiple choice style programs. In 2000, Laflamme and Nicholson, together with two key contributors, Bruce Bauslaugh and Richard Cannings, decided to build a company to offer this platform to students in a number of disciplines. By 2010, Lyryx supported approximately 100,000 students and 2,000 instructors per year in Canada alone.
Product.
Lyryx standard product offering includes online assignments for business courses, including accounting, economics, finance, business mathematics and statistics. All products are designed to complement specific textbooks from McGraw-Hill Ryerson in Canada and Flat World Knowledge in the US. 
products in Canada are branded as Lyryx. Products in the US are branded as FLYX. 
Lyryx offers effective support to both instructors and students. 
Lyryx products are customized to accompany specific textbooks. The question banks are written and tested by content experts and correlate directly with the difficulty level and style of the textbook.
Lyryx Service Course Solution.
In 2011, Lyryx returned to its roots and launched the Lyryx Service Course Solution (LSCS), a complete and adapted content and support service for Introductory Service Courses – specifically in Calculus, Linear Algebra, Introductory Statistics, and Economics. Under the direction of the Instructor, Lyryx works to adapt LSCS to a specific course outline. 
The solution includes:
Features of Lyryx Learning Products.
Labs/ Chapter Assignments: Labs (or chapter assignments) are a selection of questions based on a specific chapter or section of a textbook. All data is generated algorithmically so that it can be randomized and provide students with a new question on each attempt. Questions are automatically graded upon a student’s submission and immediate, individualized feedback is provided to the student. Students are allowed to undertake assignments repeatedly or as directed by the instructor - only the best grade is recorded. 
Quiz/Exams: Quizzes (or exams) are a selection of questions based on a specific chapter or section of a textbook. Quizzes are launched from a separate page to help prevent cheating. 
Study Guide: The study guide is an analysis of a student’s mastery of course material. It targets lab assignments for areas of difficulty. 
Digital Tools: All Lyryx products use digital tools to engage students. For example, Accounting products use interactive financial statements to help students learn how to build and practice creating journal entries.
Instructor Tools: Lyryx helps instructors manage and monitor students’ participation and progress. Instructors can download, manage, print, and export student grades. 
Customer Support: Lyryx support is based in-house. Lyryx support assists instructors with course set-up and editing, creating assignments, and handling all student inquires.

</doc>
<doc id="30972460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972460" title="Arthur Brooke Faulkner">
Arthur Brooke Faulkner

Sir Arthur Brooke Faulkner, M.D. (1779–1845) was an Irish physician to the forces, and author.
Life.
He was the youngest son of Hugh Faulkner of Castletown, co. Carlow, his mother having been a Cole of the family of Enniskillen. He entered Trinity College, Dublin, in 1795, and in due course graduated B.A., having taken lectures on chemistry and anatomy together with dissections in his curriculum. He then entered as a medical student at Edinburgh University, graduating M.D. in 1803. His next two years were spent in London in attendance at the London Hospital, the Westminster Hospital, and the Surrey Dispensary. In 1805 he was incorporated B.A. of Catharine Hall, Cambridge, by virtue of his Dublin degree, and M.A. the same year; his Cambridge M.A. degree served to procure him the "ad eundem" degree of Dublin, and finally he used his M.A. degree of Dublin to get incorporated M.B. of Pembroke College, Oxford, on 11 July 1806, and M.D. the day after.
In 1807 he became a candidate of the College of Physicians of London, and was elected fellow in 1808. He was appointed physician to the forces and served on the staff in Spain, Holland, Sicily, and Malta. He was at Malta when the plague was introduced there in 1813 (after an interval of 140 years) by a vessel from Alexandria; he distinguished himself by tracing the spread of the disease, by his vigorous advocacy of the doctrine of contagion, and by directing the quarantine procedure whereby the disease was kept within bounds. Returning to England he was knighted in February 1815 and appointed physician to the Duke of Sussex.
Having retired from the service in 1815, he settled as a physician at Cheltenham, and died at his residence at Evington, near Cheltenham, 23 May 1845, aged 66. In 1810 he married a daughter of Mr. Donald M'Leod.
Works.
In 1810 he published a tract, ‘Considerations on the Expediency of Establishing an Hospital for Officers on Foreign Service.’ He communicated his experiences of plague to the ‘Edinburgh Medical and Surgical Journal,’ April 1814, gave evidence in favour of its contagiousness before the House of Commons' committee in 1819, and published a full account of the Malta outbreak in 1820 (‘Treatise on the Plague,’ &c. London).
Apart from his profession he was known as an entertaining narrator of continental travel. He published three works of that kind: ‘Rambling Notes and Reflections,’ London, 1827 (visit to France); ‘Visit to Germany and the Low Countries,’ 1829–30–1831, 2 vols. London, 1833; and ‘Letters to Lord Brougham,’ London, 1837 (visit to Italy). These writings are excellent of their kind, and are interspersed with many remarks on home affairs, which, as he says, ‘have no more to do with a tour to Paris than with the discovery of the north-west passage,’ but are inserted with ‘an atrocious obstinacy proceeding from the hope of doing some good, against the clear evidence of all experience to the contrary.' Out of these remarks sprang the following pamphlets: 'Reply to Clerical Objections,' 1828; 'Letters to the College of Physicians,' 1829 (advising them to give up antiquated privileges and assume new duties); 'Letter to the Lord Chancellor,' 1834 (protesting against Brougham's defence of the established church and advocating 'a reform in the ministrations of a religion of which your lordship's life is a conspicuous ornament'); and a 'Letter to the Archbishop of Canterbury,' 1840 (on such grievances as non-residence of the clergy and the flight of the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol to Malvern when the cholera was in Bristol in 1832). Describing his own subscription at Oxford, he says: 'Down went my name, and down went my fees; and the degree was forthcoming, signed, sealed, and delivered, with a bouquet ot flowers to boot.' His political creed was that 'as sure as a lobster turns red by boiling, a whig grows tory when long in power. . . .' In 1829 he reflects on 'the sub-acid dissenter of the old school railing at our church,' but in his letter to Brougham (1834) he argues for disestablishment. His most entertaining work, the 'Visit to Germany' (1833), is dedicated to the Duke of Sussex, whom he claims as in sympathy with his general views and as an enemy of 'obscurantism.'

</doc>
<doc id="30972463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972463" title="OpenNLP">
OpenNLP

The Apache OpenNLP library is a machine learning based toolkit for the processing of natural language text. It supports the most common NLP tasks, such as tokenization, sentence segmentation, part-of-speech tagging, named entity extraction, chunking, parsing, and coreference resolution. These tasks are usually required to build more advanced text processing services. 

</doc>
<doc id="30972470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972470" title="UAAP Season 51 men's basketball tournament">
UAAP Season 51 men's basketball tournament

The 1988 UAAP men's basketball tournament was the 51st year of the men's tournament of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP)'s basketball championship. Hosted by De La Salle University, the Ateneo Blue Eagles defeated the De La Salle Green Archers in the finals defending their first UAAP men's basketball championship: it was the first UAAP finals series for the Ateneo–La Salle rivalry that originated in the NCAA (Philippines).
Elimination round.
Tournament format:
Season host is boldfaced.<br>Note: The results for the final elimination game for the non-finalists are missing.
<br>
Ateneo abandoned its game against the University of the Philippines (UP) with the Fighting Maroons leading 83–69 1:21 left in the game when a melee broke out involving Ateneo's Joseph Canlas and UP's Joseph Marata. The referees ejected Canlas after he tripped Marata, then the two players traded punches that led to a bench-clearing situation. An unidentified spectator fired a gun, who was escorted out of the Rizal Memorial Coliseum by UP baseball coach and police officer Boy Codiñera.
With the system currently in place, Ateneo would've forfeited the game and received no points (a loss under ordinary circumstances merited one point, two points for a win); however, Ateneo coach Fritz Gaston appealed the decision to the UAAP Board which was granted, ruling the game as an ordinary loss for Ateneo and giving them one point.
Finals.
Ateneo clinched the twice-to-beat advantage in the elimination round finale which served as a "de facto" Game 1 of a best-of-3 series with a win against La Salle.
La Salle, led by Dindo Pumaren, had a ten-point advantage midway through the first half, 21–11. However, Ateneo caught up with them and kept the score close until the final deadlock at 66–all when Ateneo started an 8–2 run. Joseph Canlas scored four of Ateneo's eight points in the run, which ended with a Gilbert Reyes conversion off a steal from Joey Santa Maria. Pumaren closed the gap to four points at 74–70, with two free throws off Joseph Kenneth Nieto, but the Blue Eagles prevented further scoring opportunities for La Salle; Santa Maria fouled Daniel Francisco, who converted his two free-throws to give Ateneo the win, and a successful defense of their championship. Their back-to-back title run was their first successful title defense since the 1975 and 1976 NCAA seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="30972480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972480" title="Amy Davis">
Amy Davis

Amy Davis is a fashion illustrator, actress, filmmaker, and musician. Her father is multi-talented musician Mel Davis. Her illustrations have been in shows all over the world as well as in magazines and books. She is married to filmmaker Jon Moritsugu, and helps run his DIY production company, Apathy Productions. In spring of 2011, Jon Moritsugu directed with wife and creative partner, Amy Davis, a music video for the song No Future Shock by Brooklyn rock group TV on the Radio. Rani Molla. "Santa Fe filmmakers Jon Moritsugu and Amy Davis veer (very slightly) from their underground experimental base with a music video released today for popular Brooklyn experimental (see!) band TV on the Radio. The video is one in a movie-length series of music videos for the band's new album Nine Types of Light. All the videos were also released as part of a one-hour long movie on the same date.
Education.
Amy Davis studied at Rhode Island School of Design and graduated with a BFA in Illustration. She has been known to describe her experience at RISD as one of torture and anguish, saying that she "tried to drop out but was forced to stay and graduate."
Films.
Amy Davis began her acting career in 1990 in Jon Moritsugu's My Degeneration. From there on she acted in all of his films; she was Eightball in Terminal USA(1993). She was the star of 1994's Mod Fuck Explosion as the angst ridden teen London, caught between a violent gang war. 1997's Fame Whore brought her the roll of Sophie. She was co-writer and cinematographer, as well as playing "Roxie," in 2002's Scumrock. She now currently shares the roll of Screenwriter/Producer with husband Jon Moritsugu. They are in post production on their latest film, Pig Death Machine.
Paper Magazine.
From 1996 to 2005 Amy Davis worked for Paper Magazine, writing and illustrating the monthly column, Style Fiends, which featured characters created by Davis, who were dripping in the latest hard-to-find fashion. She also did a special fashion week project in 2000 called Lab Launchpad Lounge. In this feature, her illustrations featured radical elements such as dangerous looking braces, or a figure wearing a dress that says "Eat the Rich." In 2009 she started a blog for Paper Magazine called Couture Voyeur and featured Amy's characters sporting the fashion that everyone wants but cannot afford. Her illustrated makeovers were also featured in the magazine, and well as celebrity illustrations. She was also featured in Paper's book "20 years of Style: The world according to Paper", and also "From Abfab to Zen: Paper's guide to pop culture" published in 1999.
Music.
Amy Davis is bass and vocals for the band Low on High, which she started with Jon Moritsugu. They are a low-fi band with a skuzzy garage punk feel. They self-released their self-titled cd in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30972482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972482" title="Arthur Faulkner (disambiguation)">
Arthur Faulkner (disambiguation)

Arthur Faulkner is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30972485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972485" title="Gloria Shillingford">
Gloria Shillingford

Gloria Marilyn Shillingford is a Dominican educator and a politician in the Labour Party. She has served in the House of Assembly of Dominica since 2005.
Shillingford graduated from Teikyo-Westmar University with a Bachelor of Arts. She began working as a teacher in 1979, and eventually became principal of St. Andrews High School. She remained in education until she entered electoral politics.
She ran unsuccessfully for the Wesley seat in the House of Assembly in the 2005 general election. She was subsequently appointed as a Senator that year. Shillingford again contested the Wesley constituency in the 2009 general election. She won the seat on 18 December 2009, with 809 votes against 734 received by Ezekiel Bazil of the UWP (52.4% to 47.6%).
Shillingford has also served as the Minister for Social Services, Community Development and Gender Affairs, and as Secretary General of the UNESCO Dominica Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="30972487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972487" title="Minuscule 834 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 834 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 834 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε422 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript has complex contents.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 287 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in two columns per page, 43 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages. It contains Prolegomena, tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, subscriptions at the end of Matthew, versification in Luke.
It contains a commentary of Theophylact.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
According to Gregory it could be rewritten from minuscule 835.
History.
Gregory dated the manuscript to the 14th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 14th century.
The manuscript was examined and described by Angelo Maria Bandini. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (834e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Laurentian Library (Plutei XI. 6), in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="30972505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972505" title="Anne Fiennes">
Anne Fiennes

Anne Fiennes or Fienes ("née" Sackville), Lady Dacre (died 10 May 1595) was an English gentlewoman and benefactress.
Life.
She was born Anne Sackville, the daughter of Sir Richard Sackville, treasurer of the exchequer to Elizabeth I, and steward of the royal manors in Kent and Sussex. Richard was the son of John Sackville, and Margaret Boleyn, daughter of Sir William Boleyn, uncle to queen consort Anne Boleyn. Her mother was Winifred (d.1586), daughter of Sir John Bridges, Lord Mayor of London, who after Sir Richard Sackville's death became the second wife of William Paulet, 1st Marquess of Winchester. Anne Sackville was the sister of Thomas Sackville, 1st Earl of Dorset. 
Anne Sackville married Gregory Fiennes, son of Thomas Fiennes, 9th Baron Dacre (executed in 1541). With his sister Margaret, Gregory was restored in blood and honours in 1558. She and her husband had one daughter, Elizabeth, who died at a young age. 
State Papers indicate that she was a woman of strong mind and somewhat imperious and exacting disposition. She was at one time at variance with her brother, Lord Buckhurst. At another she addressed a long complaint to Elizabeth against her husband's sister, Margaret Lennard, for raising false reports concerning her, and endeavouring to prejudice her majesty against her. Her husband incurred debts, for the discharge of which he desired to sell some portions of his estates, which Mrs. Lennard as his next heir sought to prevent, and at the same time desired to have the lands settled in her name. 
On the death of her mother, the Marchioness of Winchester, she came into possession of Sir Thomas More's house at Chelsea, which after his execution had been granted to William Paulet, marquis of Winchester. Here she and her husband made their home, her brother, Lord Buckhurst, often residing with them. Lord Dacre died at Chelsea on 25 September 1594. She survived him by only a few months, dying in the same house on 14 May 1595. Only a few weeks before her death she defended herself from the charge of wishing to appropriate her husband's estate to herself. She and her husband were buried in the More Chapel in Chelsea Old Church, where, by her desire, a magnificent marble monument was erected, exhibiting their effigies of full size under a Corinthian canopy, richly adorned with festoons of flowers. Her epitaph describes her in laudatory terms as:
<poem>
"Fœminei lux clara chori, pia, casta, pudica;"
"Ægris subsidium, pauperibusque decus;"
"Fida Deo, perchara tuis, constansque, diserta;"
"Sic patiens morbi, sic pietatis amans."</poem>
When the church was rebuilt in 1667 this monument was removed to the south aisle.
Legacy.
By her will, dated 20 December 1594, three months after her husband's death, Lady Dacre made provision for the erection of Emanuel Hospital, an almshouse for twenty poor persons, ten of each sex, and a school for twenty poor children. This bequest was in pursuance of a plan she and her husband hoped to complete in their lifetime, the funds for its support being charged on the manor of Brandesburton in Yorkshire. 
She bequeathed her manors, lands and houses at Chelsea, Kensington and Brompton to Lord Burghley. She begged the queen's acceptance of a jewel worth £300. To her brother, Lord Buckhurst, she left, with other jewels, her majesty's picture, set round with twenty-six rubies, with a pendent pearl.

</doc>
<doc id="30972512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972512" title="The Jewish Spy">
The Jewish Spy

Lettres juives or The Jewish Spy (1738-1742) is an epistolary novel attributed to Jean-Baptiste de Boyer, Marquis d'Argens. It "purports to be a translation of the correspondence between five distinguished rabbis who reside in different cities. ... The book comprises a survey of the various governments of Europe at whose several capitals these Jewish rabbis reside either permanently or temporarily during their travels. ... Though Marquis d'Argens signs himself as the translator, he is doubtless the author."
He "began publishing the letters in serial form, two per week, in December 1735. Twenty months, 180 letters, and over 350,000 words later, he had completed his monumental work. Meanwhile, his publisher had begun selling the letters in volumes of 30 and by the end of 1737 had produced 6 volumes in octavo. By the end of 1739 at least 10 editions, most of them pirated, had been published in French. ... Numerous translations of the novel also appeared in English, German and Dutch." "The prolific d'Argens was enormously popular in his day and was best known for this novel."

</doc>
<doc id="30972513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972513" title="List of Chairmen of the Supreme Council of Crimea">
List of Chairmen of the Supreme Council of Crimea

This is a list of Chairmen of the Supreme Council of Crimea:

</doc>
<doc id="30972541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972541" title="1983–84 Yemeni League">
1983–84 Yemeni League

Statistics of the Yemeni League in the 1983–84 season.
South Yemen.
Top of Table
References.
http://www.rsssf.com/tablesy/yemen84.html

</doc>
<doc id="30972542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972542" title="Chupke Chupke Raat Din">
Chupke Chupke Raat Din

Chupke Chupke Raat Din is a popular ghazal written by Maulana Hasrat Mohani. The music composition is based on Raga Kaafi. It is a classical Urdu poem that represents the culture of India during Mughal Dynasty. The poem became famous after it was sung by Ghulam Ali in the film "Nikaah" (1982).
Ghazal Lyrics.
"Chupke chupke raat din, aansu bahanaa yaad hai"
"Hum ko ab tak aashiqii ka, vo zamaanaa yaad hai"
"Tujhase milate hi vo kuch Bebaak ho jaanaa meraa"
"Aur teraa daaton mein vo Ungalii dabaanaa yaad hai"
"Chori Chori ham se tum aa kar mile the jis Jagah"
"Muddatein Guzarin par ab tak wo Thikaanaa yaad hai"
"Khench lenaa vo meraa parde kaa konaa daffaatan"
"Aur Dupatte se teraa, vo Moonh Chhupaanaa yaad hai"
"Do-pahar ki dhoop mein, mere bulaane ke liye"
"Vo teraa kothe pe nange paaon aanaa yaad hai"
"Baahazaaraan iztiraab-o-sadd-hazaaraan ishtiyaaq"
"Tujh se vo pehale pehal dil kaa lagaanaa yaad hai"
"Jaan kar sotaa tujhe vo qasa-e-paabosii meraa"
"Aur teraa Thukaraa ke sar vo muskuraanaa yaad hai"
"Tujh ko jab tanhaa kabhii paanaa to az_raahe-lihaaz"
"Hal-e-dil baatoon hii baatoon mein jataanaa yaad hai"
"Jab sivaa mere tumhaaraa koii diivaanaa na thaa"
"Sach kaho kyaa tum ko bhii vo kaarKhaanaa yaad hai"
"Gair kii nazaroon se bachakar sab kii marzii ke Khilaaf"
"Vo teraa chorii chhipe raatoon ko aanaa yaad hai"
"Aa gaya gar vasl ki shab bhii kahiin zikr-e-firaaq"
"Vo teraa ro ro ke bhi mujhko rulaanaa yaad hai"
"Dekhanaa mujhako jo bargashtaa to sau sau naaz se"
"Jab manaa lenaa to phir Khud ruuTh jaanaa yaad hai"
"Berukhii ke Saath sunna Dard-e-Dil kii dastaan"
"Vo, Kalai mein tera, kangan ghumaanaa yaad hai"
"Vaqt-e-Rukhsat Alvidaa kaa Lafz Kehene ke liye"
"Vo, Tere Sukhe Labon kaa, thar-tharaanaa yaad hai"
"Baavajuud-e-iddaa-e-ittaqaa 'Hasrat' mujhe"
"Aaj tak ahad-e-havas kaa ye fasaanaa yaad hai"
Popularity.
This ghazl has been sung by many notable singers likes of Pakistani Ghazal legend Ghulam Ali, who popularized it by singing it in the 1982 film Nikaah. Indian Singer Asha Bhosle and Indian Ghazal Legend Jagjit Singh have also rendered their voices to this ghazal.

</doc>
<doc id="30972560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972560" title="Michon">
Michon

Michon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30972565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972565" title="Handball at the Pan Arab Games">
Handball at the Pan Arab Games

Handball has been an Pan Arab Games event since the third edition in 1961 in Casablanca, Morocco.
Men's tournaments.
Summaries.
"" A round-robin tournament determined the final standings.
Women's tournaments.
Summaries.
"" A round-robin tournament determined the final standings.

</doc>
<doc id="30972569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972569" title="Yuste (surname)">
Yuste (surname)

Yuste is a Spanish surname of basque language origin. Maybe from Navarre, La Rioja or Guipuzcoa.
References to Yuste as a place refer to the village now called Cuacos de Yuste in Spain, where the Monastery of Yuste, last home of Charles V, is situated. 

</doc>
<doc id="30972574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972574" title="La Calle">
La Calle

La Calle, meaning 'the street' in the Spanish language, may refer to:
See also.
"*La Calle de las Sirenas", Kabah's second and most successful album

</doc>
<doc id="30972616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972616" title="Kal Chaudhvin Ki Raat Thi">
Kal Chaudhvin Ki Raat Thi

Kal Chaudhvin Ki Raat Thi is a popular ghazal from the movie Khamoshi. It was originally sung by Jagjit Singh but the version by Ghulam Ali is also popular. It is written by Ibn-e-Insha. This song was also sung by Kumar Sanu in the movie ziyala, which was also become semihit in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="30972628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972628" title="2011 Formula BMW Talent Cup season">
2011 Formula BMW Talent Cup season

The 2011 Formula BMW Talent Cup season was the first Formula BMW Talent Cup season. The series champion will receive a fully paid entry to the 2012 German Formula Three Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30972650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972650" title="Laser Ablation Electrospray Ionization">
Laser Ablation Electrospray Ionization

Laser Ablation Electrospray Ionization (LAESI) is an ambient ionization method for mass spectrometry that combines laser ablation from a mid-infrared (mid-IR) laser with a secondary electrospray ionization (ESI) process. The mid-IR laser is used to generate gas phase particles which are then ionized through interactions with charged droplets from the ESI source. LAESI was developed by Professor Akos Vertes and Dr. Peter Nemes in 2007 and is now marketed commercially by Protea Biosciences, Inc. LAESI is a novel ionization source for mass spectrometry (MS) that has been used to perform MS imaging of plants, tissues, cell pellets, and even single cells. In addition, LAESI has been used to analyze historic documents and untreated biofluids such as urine and blood. The technique of LAESI is performed at atmospheric pressure and therefore overcomes many of the obstacles of traditional MS techniques, including extensive and invasive sample preparation steps and the use of high vacuum.
 LAESI can be used to perform MS analysis of many different classes of compounds ranging from small molecules, such as pharmaceuticals, saccharides, lipids, and metabolites to larger biomolecules like peptides and proteins. LAESI has also been shown to have a quantitative dynamic range of 4 decades and a limit of detection (LOD) of 8 fmol with verapamil, a small pharmaceutical molecule. The technique has a lateral resolution of <200 μm for imaging applications and has been used for 3D imaging of plant tissues. Additionally, in cell-by-cell LAESI imaging experiments single cells can be used as the pixels of the molecular image. This LAESI application uses etched optical fibers to produce laser spot sizes of <50 µm to deliver the laser energy and has also been utilized in single cell analysis experiments.
Principle of Operation.
LAESI produces ions for MS analysis under normal atmospheric conditions for samples containing water. A small portion of the sample is ablated into the gas phase by a short (5 ns), mid-IR (2,940 nm) laser pulse that is tuned to the strong absorption line of liquid water. First, the laser produces a small hemispherical plume over the sample without ionization (Step 1). The plume expands until it collapses into the sample due to the pressure exerted by the atmosphere. At this point a jet of material is ejected from the sample surface (Step 2). This secondary material ejected from the sample contains very few, if any ions, therefore an ESI source is located above the sample for post-ablation ionization. The jet of ablated material is intersected and ionized by a spray plume from the ESI source located above the sample (Step 3). The ionized molecules are then swept into the mass spectrometer for analysis (Step 4). Because an ESI source is used for ionization, the LAESI mass spectra are similar to traditional ESI spectra, which can exhibit multiply charged analyte peaks, and extend the effective mass range of detection to biomolecules >100,000 Da in size.
Applications.
LAESI can be used to perform MS imaging experiments of diverse tissue samples, not only in three dimensions but also with respect to time. Similarly, LAESI can also be used for process monitoring applications because each individual analysis requires less than 2 seconds to perform. Because of the speed of a LAESI analysis, the technique is amenable to rapid, sensitive, and direct analysis of aqueous samples in 96- and 384-well microplates. These analyses can also be performed on liquid samples, such as biofluids, containing peptides, proteins, metabolites, and other biomarkers for clinical, diagnostic, and discovery workflows. LAESI technology allows high throughput analysis of these sample types and the use of internal standards and calibration curves permit the absolute quantitation of targeted biomolecules.

</doc>
<doc id="30972692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972692" title="Ranjish Hi Sahi">
Ranjish Hi Sahi

Ranjish Hi Sahi is a popular Urdu ghazal. It was popularised by Iqbal Bano and popular with the renditions, sung by Mehdi Hassan. It is written by the Ahmed Faraz.

</doc>
<doc id="30972742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972742" title="Mirza Davitaia">
Mirza Davitaia

Mirza Davitaia (, born August 30, 1975) is a Georgian politician who served as the State Minister of Georgia on Diaspora Issues from 2009 to 2012.
Early years.
Davitaia was born on August 30, 1975. He graduated from Nuremberg Academy of Fine Arts and Tbilisi State University. In 1993-1994, he worked as the artist-animator in Georgian State Film Production Studio, in 1994-1995 in "Cartoon Film" in Berlin. Throughout 1995, he worked for Penta TV in Hamburg, from 1996 through 1999, as Arts Director for Intermedien company in Nurenberg. From 1999 until 2002, he was Art and Design Director at "Publicis MSD" in Erlangen.
Political career.
Davitaia, a member of the United National Movement, was elected deputy to Parliament of Georgia during 2008 parliamentary elections. He was then elected a member to Parliamentary Committee for Relations with Compatriots Residing Abroad. From June 2004 until April 2008, he worked as first the Director of Regions Department, then as Deputy Minister of Ministry of Culture, Monument Protection and Sports. As the Deputy Minister of Culture, he played an important role in the production of the Hollywood made action drama "5 Days of War" starring Andy Garcia, Val Kilmer, Heather Graham, Emmanuelle Chriqui.
From December 21, 2009 to October 25, 2012 Davitaia was State Minister of Georgia on Diaspora Issues.
Davitaia is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="30972743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972743" title="Azaran">
Azaran

Azaran or Azeran or Azran () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30972745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972745" title="Exoristinae">
Exoristinae

Exoristinae is a subfamily of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30972753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972753" title="Anton Bayer">
Anton Bayer

Anton Bayer (30 May 1914 – 7 July 1996) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Anton Bayer was captured by Soviet troops in May 1945 and was held until April 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="30972766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972766" title="1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres hurdles">
1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres hurdles

These are the results of the Women's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Results.
Heats.
First 3 of each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each heat (Q) qualified directly for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30972774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972774" title="Wiram Knowlton">
Wiram Knowlton

Wiram Knowlton (January 24, 1816 – June 27, 1863) was an American politician and jurist from Wisconsin.
Born in Canandaigua, New York, Knowlton moved to Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, where he practiced law. During the Mexican-American War, he raised a company of men, but they were stationed in Prairie du Chien during the war for frontier duty. In 1844-1846, Knowlton served, in the Wisconsin Territorial Council, of the Wisconsin Territorial Legislature. In 1850, he was elected a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge and also served as a justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court, until 1853, when a separate supreme court was formed.
Knowlton's brother, James, was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="30972787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972787" title="Lameni Jayamahalena">
Lameni Jayamahalena

King Buwanekabahu the 4th and Parakremebahu the 5th are the sons of King Vijayabahu the 5th (Sawulu Vijayabahu). The daughter of The king Parakremabahu v and her husband Jayamahalana had a child named Lameni Jayamahalana.
Lameni Jayamahalana was the Father of King Parakremabahu vi (Prince Lameni Jayamnahana who was said to be killed by the Alagakkonara party of Gampola Kingdom). Last Alakeshwara was a king of Gampola and died in 1408 and thereafter rev. Vidagama Maithree Thera were the ruler of Sri Lanka for a short period. During the Last Alakeshwara's period the prince was in a big threat of living and he was hiding in the country called Ambulugala with the help of Thera. Finally (After the death of last king of Gampola Kingdom) Rev. Vidagama Maithree Thera, with the help of the noble of Sri Lanka anointed the prince as The Parakremabahu the 6th who was a greater king in the history of Sri Lnka.

</doc>
<doc id="30972789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972789" title="Aircraft maintenance engineer (Canada)">
Aircraft maintenance engineer (Canada)

In Canada an aircraft maintenance engineer (AME) is a person who is Transport Canada (TC) licensed to sign the maintenance release for certified aircraft returning the aircraft to service.
In Canada an applicant for an AME licence must be at least 21 years of age. AMEs complete a course of training at a TC Approved Training Organization, which are mostly Canadian vocational colleges, such as British Columbia Institute of Technology and SAIT Polytechnic, and then complete a period of apprenticeship prior to writing the licencing examinations. Upon successful completion they are granted an AME licence, which is valid for six years and may be renewed.
AMEs retain their recency by completing maintenance or related work. The Canadian Aviation Regulations require that once the holder's licence is more than two years old that they complete six months' worth of work in the previous two years performing or supervising aircraft maintenance, act in an executive capacity in a maintenance organization, or teach or supervise teaching of aviation maintenance at an approved training organization.
Privileges.
To sign the maintenance release on a transport category fixed-wing aircraft or a turbine powered helicopter an AME requires specific training. The AME is not required to actually conduct the maintenance work they sign for, and may supervise non-licenced personnel or conduct inspections of the work to be signed for to satisfy themselves that the work was completed correctly.
Not all aircraft maintenance releases require the signature of an AME in Canada. For work on Canadian aircraft conducted outside Canada a person licenced by another state that has an agreement with TC may sign. In the case of amateur-built aircraft the owner may sign and for owner-maintenance category aircraft the owner may sign if they are also a licenced pilot. In Canada ultralight aircraft, hang gliders and paragliders as well as model aircraft do not require signatures for release to return to flight. In the case of aircraft parts maintained on the bench (i.e., while removed from the aircraft) persons authorized by an approved maintenance organization may also sign the release, whether they hold an AME licence or not. The release for subsequent installation of such parts, however, may only be made by the holder of an AME licence.
Ratings.
The AME licence may be endorsed with one or more ratings. These are:

</doc>
<doc id="30972795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972795" title="National Green Tribunal Act">
National Green Tribunal Act

National Green Tribunal Act, 2010 (NGT) is an Act of the Parliament of India which enables creation of a special tribunal to handle the expeditious disposal of the cases pertaining to environmental issues. It was enacted under India's constitutional provision of , which assures the citizens of India the right to a healthy environment.
Definition.
The legislate Act of Parliament defines the National Green Tribunal Act, 2010 as follows,
"An Act to provide for the establishment of a National Green Tribunal for the effective and expeditious disposal of cases relating to environmental protection and conservation of forests and other natural resources including enforcement of any legal right relating to environment and giving relief and compensation for damages to persons and property and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto".
On 18 October 2010, Justice Lokeshwar Singh Panta became its first Chairman. Currently it is chaired by Justice Swatanter Kumar since 20 Dec 2012.
The Tribunal's dedicated jurisdiction in environmental matters shall provide speedy environmental justice and help reduce the burden of litigation in the higher courts. The Tribunal shall not be bound by the procedure laid down under the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, but shall be guided by principles of natural justice. The Tribunal is mandated to make and endeavour for disposal of applications or appeals finally within 6 months of filing of the same.Initially, the NGT is proposed to be set up at five places of sittings and will follow circuit procedure for making itself more accessible; New Delhi is the Principal Place of Sitting of the Tribunal and Bhopal, Pune, Kolkata and Chennai shall be the other 4 place of sitting of the Tribunal.
Origin.
During the Rio De Janeiro summit of United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in June 1992, India vowed the participating states to provide judicial and administrative remedies for the victims of the pollutants and other environmental damage.
There lie many reasons behind the setting up of this tribunal. After India's move with Carbon credits, such tribunal may play a vital role in ensuring the control of emissions and maintaining the desired levels. This is the first body of its kind that is required by its parent statute to apply the "polluter pays" principle and the principle of sustainable development.
This court can rightly be called ‘special’ because India is the third country following Australia and New Zealand to have such a system.
Members.
The sanctioned strength of the tribunal is currently 10 expert members and 10 judicial members although the act allows for up to 20 of each. The Chairman of the tribunal who is the administrative head of the tribunal also serves as a judicial member. Every bench of the tribunal must consist of at least one expert member and one judicial member. 
The Chairman of the tribunal is required to be a serving or retired Chief Justice of a High Court or a judge of the Supreme Court of India. Members are chosen by a selection committee (headed by a sitting judge of the Supreme Court of India) that reviews their applications and conducts interviews. The Judicial members are chosen from applicants who are serving or retired judges of High Courts. Expert members are chosen from applicants who are either serving or retired bureaucrats not below the rank of an Additional Secretary to the Government of India (not below the rank of Principal Secretary if serving under a state government) with a minimum administrative experience of five years in dealing with environmental matters. Or, the expert members must have a doctorate in a related field.
Jurisdiction.
The Tribunal has Original Jurisdiction on matters of “substantial question relating to environment” (i.e. a community at large is affected, damage to public health at broader level) & “damage to environment due to specific activity” (such as pollution). However there is no specific method is defined in Law for determining “substantial” damage to environment, property or public health. There is restricted access to an individual only if damage to environment is substantial. The powers of tribunal related to an award are equivalent to Civil court and tribunal may transmit any order/award to civil court have local jurisdiction.The Bill specifies that an application for dispute related to environment can be filled within six months only when first time dispute arose (provide tribunal can accept application after 60 days if it is satisfied that appellant was prevented by sufficient cause from filling the application).
Also Tribunal is competent to hear cases for several acts such as Forest (Conservation) Act, Biological Diversity Act, Environment (Protection) Act, Water & Air (Prevention & control of Pollution) Acts etc. and also have appellate jurisdiction related to above acts after establishment of Tribunal within a period of 30 days of award or order received by aggrieved party. The Bill says that decision taken by majority of members shall be binding and every order of Tribunal shall be final. Any person aggrieved by an award, decision, or order of the Tribunal may appeal to the Supreme Court within 90 days of commencement of award but Supreme Court can entertain appeal even after 90 days if appellant satisfied SC by giving sufficient reasons.
Notable orders.
Yamuna Conservation Zone.
On 25 April 2014, The NGA said that the health of Yamuna will be affected by the proposed recreational facilities on the river. The NGT also recommended the Government to declare a 52 km stretch of the Yamuna in Delhi and Uttar Pradesh as a conservation zone.
Coal Blocks in Chhattisgarh Forests.
The National Green Tribunal has cancelled the clearance given by the then Union Environment and Forests Minister, Jairam Ramesh, to the Parsa East and Kante-Basan captive coal blocks in the Hasdeo-Arand forests of Chhattisgarh, overruling the statutory Forest Advisory Committee.
The forest clearance was given by Mr. Ramesh in June 2011, overriding the advice of the Ministry’s expert panel on the two blocks for mining by a joint venture between Adani and Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited. The blocks requiring 1,989 hectares of forestland fell in an area that the government had initially barred as it was considered a patch of valuable forest and demarcated as a ‘no-go’ area.
The order is bound to have a more far-reaching impact, with the tribunal holding that “mere expression of fanciful reasons relating to environmental concerns without any basis, scientific study or past experience would not render the advice of FAC — a body of experts — inconsequential.
Under the Forest Conservation Act, 1980, the FAC is required to appraise projects that require forestlands and advise the Environment Ministry to grant approval or reject the proposals.
But in this case, the NGT noted, the Minister had taken all of one day and relied upon his “understanding and belief” without any “basis either in any authoritative study or experience in the relevant fields.”
The Minister, while clearing the coal blocks, had given six reasons for doing so, including that the coal blocks are linked to super-critical thermal power plant, which is imperative to sustain the momentum generated in the XI Plan for increasing power production. These ‘anthropocentric’ considerations, the NGT held, were not valid to evaluate the project.

</doc>
<doc id="30972799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972799" title="Mark Christian">
Mark Christian

Mark Christian (born 20 November 1990) is a Manx racing cyclist. He is part of the Great Britain Olympic Development Program. In 2010, he won a bronze medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in the 40KM Scratch Race. He is a native of the Isle of Man.
Professional background.
In 2007, Christian was signed to the British Olympic Development Program. In 2008, he won the Junioren Rundfahrt in Germany, and picked up a number of medals at the European Track Championships. 
In February 2009, Christian was selected for Great Britain at the World Cup in Copenhagen. Later that month, he picked up the British Madison title in Manchester, alongside fellow Manxman Peter Kennaugh. In July, he won silver in the under-23 team pursuit and bronze in the under-23 points race at the European Track Championships in Belarus. 
In 2010, Christian was confirmed as part of the Isle of Man squad for the 2010 Commonwealth Games. On 6 October, he finished third in the final of the 40KM Points race in Delhi to win the bronze medal. He also reached the final of the scratch race at the Commonwealth Games, finishing sixth. 
Christian began 2011 at the UCI Track World Cup in Beijing. He picked up a bronze medal as part of the team pursuit.
In November 2011, Christian signed for professional UCI team .
Christian won the British Madison title for the 3rd time in January 2012, alongside Simon Yates.
He joined Team Raleigh-GAC for the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30972810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972810" title="Bidaai">
Bidaai

Bidaai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30972813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972813" title="Diego Caballero">
Diego Caballero

Diego Caballero (died 1560) was a Spanish merchant and minor Conquistador in the Caribbean area and in the islands off the coast of Venezuela. He organised raids on natives, whom he then used as slaves in pearl fishing and other enterprises. He amassed enormous wealth in America, which he invested in further enterprises throughout the Spanish Empire. He thus became enormously wealthy, perhaps the most important Spanish merchant of his day. He held, or purchased, several official posts, in the service of the King, Charles V and in Seville.
Early life.
He was born at the end of the Fifteenth Century in Guadalupe, Spain, the son of "Pedro Caballero" and "Catalina de Villegas". In early March 1517, taking advantage of the fact that his cousin "Hernando Caballero" was Mayor of Santo Domingo, he got permission to emigrate there, along with his brother Alonso. He came of a well-off noble background, so he managed to get various official posts on the island.
He was immediately appointed to the Royal Audiencia of Santo Domingo, the first Royal court of justice there. Thanks to this, his commercial and political influence spread along the coast of Tierra Firma from Santa Marta to the island of Trinidad. He was a man of many talents, and had the rank of a "Knight Twenty-Four" (or alderman) of the city of Seville, a post reserved to those of noble descent. He put in charge of the finances of Hispaniola, and was its military governor. He ran several private enterprises there.
After a time, Diego Caballero resigned all his official posts and dedicated himself entirely to shipping and commerce on both sides of the Atlantic.
Slaver and Merchant.
He obtained a licence, under the supervision of an "Oidor" ("Judge") of the ‘’Royal Audiencia’’, to put together a fleet and set about capturing native Indians along the coast of Venezuela, between Cabo de San Román and Cabo de la Vela - some several hundred leagues - and in the adjacent islands . This enslavement of Indians was justified by claiming they had refused conversion to Christianity, or were practicing cannibalism.
It seems that he gave up this dubious trade after a year, either for fear of the Laws of the Indies, which forbade such enslavement, or because of a guilty conscience. He turned away from raiding the Indians' properties and chasing Indians on the Venezuelan coast. Meanwhile, the Crown Representatives, Diego Colon and Rodrigo de Figueroa, authorised Juan de Ampies to occupy the Venezuelan cost of Santa Ana de Coro and the islands of Aruba and Curaçao, with the object of "protecting" and "pacifying" the Indians, and moreover of teaching them Christianity and inducting them into a more "organised way of life".
Ship-owner and Merchant.
Following his slaving activities, Caballero took over some pearl fisheries. He also bought four ships and 
sent his brother Alonso to Seville, where he appointed him his agent and factor. He then began to send precious woods to Seville, as well as precious metals and pearls and other precious materials found abundantly in the Caribbean islands of Cubagua and Isla Margarita. In return, his ships came back from Spain laden with textiles and various tools, implements and other useful products of Spain. As the economic and commercial structure developed and there was a need for people you could trust to manage the various enterprises, including the many voyages of his ships, he took on many of his fellow countrymen, including a nephew, "Francisco Caballero", whom he appointed to run the pearl fisheries at Cabo de la Vela.
High Ambitions.
Once the management of his businesses had been well organised and put in the competent hands of friends and relatives, he signed, on 4 August 1525, an agreement with the King, Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor (Charles I of Spain), for the exploration of the territory corresponding to the Venezuela Province, from Cabo de San Román to Cabo de la Vela.
The rich banking families of the Fuggers and the Welsers, being informed of the prosperity his various enterprises, managed to prevent him becoming Governor of Venezuela.
Continued Growth.
Before this setback, Diego increased the size of his fleet of ships, opened further commercial sea routes and launched new pearl fisheries in Cubagua, Cabo de la Vela and Panama.
The Church would demand better treatment of the defenceless native divers, and Diego, as a "good Christian", ordered that his divers should hear Mass before diving and that they should marry their local woman, so that they would be less in danger, and moreover they would, while not offending God, populate the earth. An odd but inexpensive method of increasing the number of divers. He further ordered that his "pearly flock" be given more good food, plus a half pint of wine a day, shirts, shorts, shoes and hammocks, or straw beds, so they could sleep comfortably, and that they should lack nothing, so that God and man were seen to be served.
Return to Spain.
In 1535, he returned to Spain permanently, settling in Seville. He bought himself into the City Council, by becoming a Veintiquatro, thus displaying his enormous wealth. He continued to trade with the Americas, and extended his entrepreneurial activities into wine, oil, textiles and slavery, across Spain and its Empire, including Flanders.
Retirement.
On reaching old age, he decided to retire from commercial activity and, with the enormous profits he had made from the Indians, to settle comfortably in Seville, where he dedicated himself to charity and the promotion of good works. Every year, in compliance with his promise, he visited the Sanctuary of Guadalupe in Extremadura to thank the Virgin for what she had done for him and to pray for his family and for the salvation of his soul.
Recalling his early slaving adventures, the way in which he had amassed so much Indian gold without having found the mythical El Dorado, he asked God to forgive him his sins, and, on 27 November 1560, praying for the souls of his pearl-divers, he rendered up his own soul, in the peace and prosperity he had brought to Seville.

</doc>
<doc id="30972814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972814" title="Concrete (student newspaper)">
Concrete (student newspaper)

Concrete is the University of East Anglia's student newspaper. With a circulation of up to 5,000, Concrete is free and published fortnightly on a Tuesday, during term time. The newspaper celebrated its 250th issue in January 2011.
Concrete is compiled by a team of around 25 section editors and headed by the editor-in-chief. It is distributed throughout campus and around Norwich as a free pickup newspaper. Distribution locations include the Theatre Royal, Puppet Theatre and a number of establishments located within the Golden Triangle.
It is printed by local newspaper group Archant.
Its sections include News, Comment, Features, Sport, Global, Travel, Lifestyle, Science and Tech and Environment. Inside Concrete is Venue, a 24-page culture supplement which includes Music, Film, Arts, Creative Writing, Gaming, Fashion, TV and Competitions and Listings. Previous issues have included interviews with Tony Blair, Nick Clegg, Charles Clarke, Paul McCartney, Harrison Ford, Stephen Fry, Max Mosley and Greg James.
Concrete also publishes annual drug and sex surveys.
History.
Concrete was first published on January 22, 1992, continuing a tradition of student media at UEA that included Phoenix and Insight. There was also an earlier short-lived magazine called Concrete in the 1970s, whose logo was adapted by the newspaper in a redesign in 1997.
The paper was originally set up independently of both the University and student union, though with the support of the School of English and American Studies. It became part of the UEA Student Union in 1995, and formally became a union society in 2001. It was unusual among UK student newspapers in having a full-time paid student editor who was not a sabbatical officer of the student union. However, in 2012 this system was discontinued and the job became a part-time unpaid position alongside academic studies. The positions of managing and online editor were created to help alleviate the responsibilities.
On September 29, 1993, Concrete launched a standalone entertainment supplement called The Event which was offered for sale off-campus. The last standalone edition of The Event was published on March 2, 1994 but the brand was retained. It was replaced by Venue in 2010.
Past editors and contributors have had notable careers in the media, including Polly Graham, who was a founding member of the Daily Mirror newspaper's The 3am Girls gossip column, and Katie Hind, who is The People's showbiz editor.
Concrete also communicates with UEA students via social media on Facebook and Twitter, and its website was redesigned prior to the 2012-2013 academic year. It was through both these mediums that Concrete operated a live feed for Derby Day - the annual sporting competition between UEA and the University of Essex - which at its peak was followed by 500 students at the University.

</doc>
<doc id="30972827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972827" title="Brammer Grocery Store">
Brammer Grocery Store

Brammer Grocery Store is an historic building located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States. The Greek Revival style building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="30972842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972842" title="Zygotic induction">
Zygotic induction

Zygotic induction is the lytic development of a prophage on its transfer into a cell which does not have the same prophage. Because the recipient cell does not contain the repressor protein needed for lysogeny, expression of the genes needed for lytic stage occurs immediately after the phage enters the recipient cell.

</doc>
<doc id="30972851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972851" title="Electricity sector in Germany">
Electricity sector in Germany

The electricity sector in Germany in the year 2009: fossil fuel power produced 61%, nuclear power produced 23% and renewable energy 18% (including wind + solar + hydro, geothermal power is negligible in Germany). Germany has defined a planned policy of phasing-out nuclear power by 2022. Comparing 2009 to 2004, nuclear power production has declined 19%. Its share has declined from 27% to 23% of total power production, partly being substituted with a rise in renewable electricity: wind power, biomass and solar power but also an increase in coal and natural gas consumption. The planned phase out of nuclear power may increase coal's share of power production to over 50%.
Consumption.
Germany produced power per person in 2008 equal to EU15 average (EU15: 7,409 kWh/person) and 77% of the OECD average (8,991 kWh/person).
Electricity trade in Germany.
Germany, the largest exporter of electricity with 10% of the overall exports, reinforced its position as a net exporter by 20% during the year 2010
Mode of production.
According to the IEA the gross production of electricity was 631 TWh in 2008 which gave the 7 th position among the world top producers in 2010. The top seven countries produced 59% of electricity in 2008. The top producers were: 1) United States 21.5% 2) China 17.1% 3) Japan 5.3% 4) Russia 5.1% 5) India 4.1% 6) Canada 3.2% and 7) Germany 3.1 %
Coal.
Power mix in 2008 included 291TWh coal (46% of total 631 TWh). Germany was in 4 th position for coal-produced power after China (2,733 TWh), USA (2,133 TWh) and India (569 TWh).
Nuclear power.
Germany has defined a firm active phase-out policy of nuclear power. Eight nuclear power plants were shut down after the Fukushima accident for ever. All nuclear power plants will be phased out by the end of 2022. According to BMU this is an opportunity for future generations.
Siemens is the only significant nuclear constructor in Germany and nuclears share was 3% of their business in 2000. In 2006 the large international bribes of Siemens in the energy and telecommunication business were revealed. The case was investigated e.g. in Nigeria, the United States, Greece and South Korea.
The installed nuclear power capacity in Germany was 20 GW in 2008 and 21 GW in 2004. The production of nuclear power was 148 TWh in 2008 (6 th top by 5.4% of world total) and 167 TWh in 2004 (4 th top by 6.1% of world total).
In 2009 compared to 2004 the nuclear power was produced 19% less and its share had declined smoothly with time from 27% units to 23% units. The share of renewable electricity increased substituting the nuclear power.
Renewable electricity.
Renewable electricity in 2010 was 101.7 TWh including wind power 36.5 TWh, biomass and biowaste 33.5 TWh, hydropower 19.7 TWh and photovoltage solar power 12.0 TWh. In the first half of 2012, 25.1% of the German electricity demand was generated by renewable energies.
According to the Öko-Institut the renewable electricity share could be increased from 6% in 2000 to 35% in 2020. According to BMU the share was ca 16% in 2009. 
Erneuerbare-Energien-Gesetz (EEG) provide the power connection and feed-in tariff (since 1991) for the renewable energy. The renewable electricity mix in 2009 included wind power 38 TWh, biomass 25 TWh, hydropower 19 TWh, photovoltage solar power 6 TWh and biowaste 5 TWh, According to BMU the share of renewable electricity increased 7% between 2009 and 2004 and 10% in 2000-2009.
Wind power.
Main wind power providers in Germany up to 2009 were Enercon 60%, Vestas 19% and REpower Systems 9%.
Installed wind power in Germany was 27.214 GW at the end of 2010 and 25.777 GW at the end of 2009. The share of wind power in the end of 2010 was in average 9.4% of electricity need. This was 5 th top in Europe behind Denmark (24% of electricity), Spain (14.4%), Portugal(14%) and Ireland (10.1%).
Grid.
Grid owners included in 2008 RWE, EnBW, Vattenfall and E.ON. According to the European Commission the electricity producers should not own the electricity grid to ensure free electricity competition. The European Commission accused E.ON of the misuse of markets in February 2008. Consequently, E.ON sold its share of the grid network.
In Germany, there exist also a single-phase AC grid operated with 16.7 Hz for power supply of railway lines, see List of installations for 15kV AC railway electrification in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="30972856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972856" title="2011–12 Calgary Flames season">
2011–12 Calgary Flames season

The 2011–12 Calgary Flames season was the 32nd season in Calgary and 40th for the Flames franchise in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Flames finished with a 37–29–16 record, finishing second in the Northwest Division and ninth in the Western Conference The team failed to qualify for the 2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs, the third consecutive year the team did not make the post-season.
Three players reach major individual milestones during the season: Olli Jokinen appeared in his 1,000th game, goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff won his 300th game and captain Jarome Iginla became the 42nd player in NHL history to score 500 goals. Iginla was also named the Flames' lone representative at the 59th National Hockey League All-Star Game.
Questions surrounded the future direction of the organization at seasons' end, as head coach Brent Sutter's three-year contract was set to expire after three non-playoff seasons and as with previous seasons, Iginla's future with the organization was again questioned, particularly given his contract had one year remaining after the 2011–12 season.
Off-season.
The Flames began their off-season by solidifying their management and coaching staff. Jay Feaster, who had served as interim general manager following the departure of Darryl Sutter in December 2010 was named to the position on a permanent basis on May 16, 2011, and special assistant Craig Conroy accepted a four-year contract extension. Feaster's first decision as general manager was to trade 2008 first round draft pick Tim Erixon to the New York Rangers in exchange for prospect Roman Horak and two second picks. The deal was made hours before the Flames would have lost the rights to Erixon as he refused to sign with Calgary despite being offered the maximum salary and bonuses available under the Collective Bargaining Agreement.
Head coach Brent Sutter augmented his staff by adding two veteran coaches. Craig Hartsburg, who had 14-years experience in the NHL was hired as an associate coach. Clint Malarchuk, a ten-year veteran as a player, was brought in to serve as the team's goaltending coach.
Following two seasons where the Flames missed the playoffs, the team made a significant change to their team over the summer. Robyn Regehr, alternate captain and long-time leader of the team's defence, was dealt to the Buffalo Sabres. The move was made in part to free up salary cap room to re-sign forward Alex Tanguay to a long-term contract. Veteran centre Daymond Langkow, who missed all but four games in 2010–11 due to injury, was also dealt.
Regular season.
October – December.
Calgary entered the 2011–12 season with mixed expectations. In its annual preview, "The Hockey News" predicted the Flames would again miss the playoffs, anticipating that the team will finish 10th in the Western Conference. The magazine argued that the team had too many players who under-performed in all aspects of the game the previous season and that they could not afford similar performances and still hope to qualify. However, the National Hockey League's writers predicted the Flames would qualify for the playoffs with a sixth place finish in the conference. They argued that the team's top-end talent, including Jarome Iginla, Miikka Kiprusoff and Alex Tanguay, were capable of bringing the team into playoff contention. They also predicted that if the team should fail to live up to this expectation, the franchise could find itself on the verge of a complete rebuild.
The Flames were expected to open the season in Helsinki as part of the NHL's annual European premiere series. However, given organizational changes following the departure of Darryl Sutter, the team opted against the trip, preferring to avoid the distractions of traveling to Finland to open the season.
Calgary dropped their first two decisions of the season before earning their first win in a record-setting game for goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff. The 4–1 victory over the Montreal Canadiens on October 13 was Kiprusoff's 263rd as a Calgary Flame, moving him past Mike Vernon to become the franchise's all-time leader in wins. The team struggled to score early in the season, finding itself 28th out of 30 teams in NHL scoring 14 games into the season, leaving the team in 13th place in the conference. Feaster expressed frustration with the results, stating that the organization would not show a great deal of patience if the team did not improve.
Continued struggles in November gave rise to speculation that the Flames might trade captain Jarome Iginla, who himself had failed to meet expectations during the first part of the season. Feaster finally put an end to the speculation in early December, clearly stating that the team was not looking to move the franchise's all-time leading scorer. The team failed to move in the standings in November, remaining in 13th place at the end of the month. However, the Flames showed improved play toward the end of the month which continued into early December. A 5–1–1 stretch to December 8 allowed the Flames to move ahead of the Colorado Avalanche and out of last place in the Northwest Division.
After briefly moving above .500, a mid-December road trip in which the Flames failed to earn a win in four games again left them with more losses than victories. However, Calgary entered the Christmas break with three consecutive wins, each over a top team in the Western Conference: 2–1 over the Northwest Division leading Minnesota Wild, 3–2 over the Detroit Red Wings and 3–1 over the Vancouver Canucks. The first two victories came while Rene Bourque was absent from the lineup to serve a two-game suspension for a checking from behind infraction against the Chicago Blackhawks. The victory over the Canucks was the first of Leland Irving's NHL career. The rookie goaltender was recalled from the Abbotsford Heat early in December after Calgary's usual backup, Henrik Karlsson was injured. Irving was the American Hockey League leader in wins, shutouts and games played at the time of his recall. The game against Vancouver was also the first of a season-long, seven-game road trip, during which the Flames' home arena played host to the 2012 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships.
In addition to Irving, several other players reached personal milestones around the midpoint of the season. Brendan Morrison scored his 400th assist on December 22 against the Detroit Red Wings and his 600th point on December 29 against the New York Islanders. Olli Jokinen appeared in his 1,000th NHL game on January 1 against the Nashville Predators.
January – April.
A shootout win over the Columbus Blue Jackets in the first game after the Christmas break gave way to five consecutive losses on the road as the Flames finished their road trip at 2–4–1. The trip ended with a 9–0 defeat to the Boston Bruins that Iginla described as "embarrassing" and "one of the worst games in memory". Of note, defenceman Chris Butler had a plus/minus rating of −7 in the game, the worst the NHL has seen since Doug Wilson was also −7 on February 19, 1993, in a game against Calgary. Adding to the Flames woes, seven regulars ended the trip out of the lineup due to injury, including three defencemen and first-line winger Alex Tanguay. Also missing was second-line forward Rene Bourque, who was serving a five-game suspension for elbowing Washington's Nicklas Backstrom.
Iginla reached a major NHL milestone in the Flames' first game back in Calgary, scoring his 500th career goal in the third period of a 3–1 victory over the Minnesota Wild on January 7, 2012. He became the 42nd player in NHL history to accomplish the feat, and only the 15th to score his first 500 goals with one franchise. He was subsequently named the Flames' only representative at the 59th National Hockey League All-Star Game in Ottawa. It was Iginla's sixth all-star appearance, and he scored one goal and two assists in the contest.
A Flames victory over the New Jersey Devils on January 10, 6–3 despite being outshot 38–14, was Calgary's seventh consecutive win on home ice and moved them back above .500. The Flames' home winning streak was ended at eight following a loss to the Los Angeles Kings on January 14, the first time the Kings won in Calgary in regulation time in seven years. Struggling on offence throughout the month, the team ended January with a record of 5–6–1 and remained outside of a playoff position.
Injuries continued to impact the lineup. Tanguay returned to action in late January, but Curtis Glencross and Lee Stempniak were sidelined with a knee injury and high ankle sprain, respectively. Stempniak's injury led the Flames to sign forward Krys Kolanos to a contract at the start of February. He had been playing for their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate on a professional tryout deal after missing 22 months following hip surgery. Kolanos had been leading the Abbotsford Heat in scoring at the time of his recall.
The team had already lost 238 man-games to injury by the time they faced the Vancouver Canucks in a February 11 game and suffered further losses when Blair Jones suffered a broken ankle against the Phoenix Coyotes before Mikael Backlund suffered a shoulder injury in the game against Vancouver. Both players were expected to miss up to six weeks. The loss of both players forced the Flames to move Michael Cammalleri back to centre, a position he hadn't played since 2005. Despite the losses, the Flames continued winning, posting a 3–2 shootout victory over the Canucks followed by a 5–1 defeat of the Toronto Maple Leafs. Following an overtime loss to the Dallas Stars the Flames defeated the Los Angeles Kings 1–0, in Los Angeles, on February 18 to move their record to 10–3–4 since the 9–0 defeat to Boston. The team moved into 8th place in the West, the first time all season Calgary occupied a playoff spot.
The team did not remain in a playoff position for long, as the Flames returned to the Saddledome and lost all four games of a homestand in the lead up to the February 27 trading deadline. A frustrated Jay Feaster criticized his team's veterans in an interview during a shootout loss to the Coyotes and threatened changes, only to backtrack a day later. Feaster ultimately chose to make no trades at the deadline, hoping that the return of Glencross, Moss and Smith from the injured list would be enough for the team to qualify for the post-season. A 4–2 victory in Phoenix on March 1 broke the team's losing streak, but the Flames lost a critical game the following night in Anaheim. Ryan Getzlaf scored the deciding goal for the Ducks in the final minute of a 3–2 victory that extended Calgary's regular-season losing streak in Anaheim to 15 games.
Injuries continued to be a dominant theme for the Flames, as Cammalleri, Blake Comeau and Lance Bouma all went down in games against Anaheim and Dallas, forcing the team to recall Abbotsford's entire top line of Greg Nemisz, Guillaume Desbiens and Krys Kolanos on an emergency basis for their March 6 game against the Montreal Canadiens. The Flames lost another forward against Montreal – a 5–4 victory that ended a five-game home losing streak – as Tim Jackman became the seventh regular forward knocked out of the lineup. He played only one shift in the game before suffering an "upper-body injury" for the Flames, who had already lost over 300 man-games to injury at that point. The Flames added top prospect Sven Baertschi from the Western Hockey League's Portland Winterhawks due to a provision that gave teams the option to recall junior players under contract as their third or later emergency recall. Baertschi made his NHL debut against the Winnipeg Jets then scored his first goal in the following game, against the Minnesota Wild. Jarome Iginla scored his 30th goal of the season on March 13, against the San Jose Sharks to become the seventh player to reach that total for 11 consecutive seasons. These games were part of a four-game winning streak that brought the Flames into a four team tie for eighth place with 78 points, one back of Phoenix in seventh.
The winning streak reached five games, before losses to non-contenting teams in the Oilers, Blue Jackets, Wild – the latter two in a shootout – and to the Avalanche, whom the Flames were battling for a playoff spot, left the players disappointed in their performance. Speaking about the team's chances of making the post-season with just over two weeks remaining in the regular season, Alex Tanguay stated that "we're just giving it away". An overtime loss to the Canucks officially eliminated the Flames from playoff contention with two games left in the season. The team won the final two games, 3–2 over Vancouver and 5–2 over Anaheim. Both victories were sparked by Akim Aliu, a rookie forward recalled from Abbotsford to evaluate his play at the NHL level. He served as an agitator, scored two goals and added an assist. The final game also marked the 350th consecutive sell-out for the Flames at the Saddledome.
Post-season.
After missing the playoffs for the third consecutive season, all aspects of the Flames organization were questioned by the fans and media. Head coach Brent Sutter's three-year contract expires on June 30, 2012, and while he expressed a desire to return for the 2012–13 season, it was unknown if the team would sign him to a new deal. In a late-season interview with Fan 960 radio, former Flames coach Mike Keenan argued that his dismissal in 2009 was forced by team president Ken King and the lead owner Murray Edwards, prompting arguments that current general manager Jay Feaster's job was also being interfered with by King and Edwards. Feaster denied the allegation, stating that he had "full and complete responsibility for the hockey operations of the club including personnel" and added that his reporting relationship in Calgary was no different from when he was the general manager of the Tampa Bay Lightning in the early 2000s.
The future of captain Jarome Iginla was also questioned. He has one season remaining on his contract with the team, and with the future direction of the team in doubt, even he questioned whether he would be with the team in 2012–13: "I really don't know what next year holds. I don't know the direction (of the team). Do I wanna rebuild? Do I wanna be on a team if we fully rebuild? I don't know that I do." "Calgary Sun" columnist Eric Francis argued that the team's ownership, who despite viewing Iginla as an iconic figure for the team and the face of the organization for over a decade, were willing to seriously entertain options that involved trading him for the first time.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
†Denotes player spent time with another organization before joining Flames. Stats reflect time with the Flames only.
‡Traded mid-season
Awards and honours.
Two members of the Flames' 1989 Stanley Cup championship team were announced as members of the Hockey Hall of Fame's 2011 class. Joe Nieuwendyk was a Flames draft pick in 1985 and won the Calder Memorial Trophy in 1988 as the league's rookie of the year. He remained with the Flames until a 1995 trade sent him to the Dallas Stars. He finished his career with 564 goals, 1,126 points and two additional Stanley Cup titles, with the Stars and New Jersey Devils. Doug Gilmour came to Calgary in 1988 as part of a trade with the St. Louis Blues and played parts of five seasons in Calgary until he was sent to the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1992. He finished his career with 450 goals and 1,414 points.
The team announced the introduction of the "Forever a Flame" program during the season. Former players honoured under the program will have a banner raised to the Saddledome rafters though their number will not be formally retired. The first honouree was Al MacInnis, whose number 2 was raised in a ceremony on February 27. MacInnis was an eight-time all-star with the Flames and was named the Conn Smythe Trophy winner as most valuable player of the playoffs with the 1989 Stanley Cup championship team.
Transactions.
The Flames parted with two veteran leaders over the summer, first shipping alternate captain Robyn Regehr to the Buffalo Sabres along with Ales Kotalik for two young players, Chris Butler and Paul Byron at the end of June. Two months later, Daymond Langkow, who had missed all but four games the previous season due to a neck injury, was traded to the Phoenix Coyotes in exchange for Lee Stempniak. Both deals had salary cap implications for the Flames, allowing them greater room to maneuver financially, while the Langkow deal was made with an eye towards getting younger, as the former Flame was 35-years-old at the time of the deal, seven years older than Stempniak.
Calgary was involved in a six-player trade in early January that was achieved through somewhat bizarre circumstances. General Manager Jay Feaster had been working with his Montreal Canadiens counterpart Pierre Gauthier on a deal that would revolve around the Flames re-acquiring Michael Cammalleri in exchange for Rene Bourque. Feaster put the talks on hold when Bourque was given a five game suspension, but was contacted by Gauthier to resume the talks after Cammalleri generated controversy in Montreal when he was quoted by the media as saying that the Canadiens, standing 12th in the Eastern Conference at the time, had prepared and played "like losers". The "Montreal Gazette" suggested later that the comments, originally spoken in English, were misrepresented after they were translated to French by Réseau des sports then translated back to English. Though both teams denied the comments played a role in the deal, Montreal and Calgary finalized the trade one day later, while the Canadiens were playing a game against the Boston Bruins. Montreal was forced to remove Cammalleri from the game after the second period, creating widespread speculation across the league about where he was being traded to, while the deal could not be finalized until after Calgary's later scheduled game began so that Bourque would get credit for a game served on his suspension.
Draft picks.
The Flames entered the 2011 NHL Entry Draft with the 13th overall pick. With it, they chose Swiss forward Sven Baertschi from the Western Hockey League's Portland Winterhawks. He returned to Portland for the 2011–12 WHL season and was an offensive leader, averaging two points per game before a number of injuries late in the season in Calgary allowed the Flames to recall him on an emergency basis. Baertschi scored three goals in five games in Calgary before he was returned to the Winterhawks for the start of their playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="30972857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972857" title="Dan Hall (politician)">
Dan Hall (politician)

Dan D. Hall (born April 16, 1952) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, he represents District 56, which includes portions of the cities of Burnsville, Savage and Lakeville in Dakota and Scott counties in the southern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
Early life, education, and career.
Hall was born and raised in Minneapolis. He graduated from Roosevelt High School in Minneapolis, then went on to Augsburg College, also in Minneapolis, where he majored in health and physical education, and where he was a hockey All-American.
He is vice president of Business Relations with Thompson Hall Law Firm and the former CEO of Midwest Chaplains, a former director of the Minneapolis YMCA, and a former Christian school principal.
Minnesota Senate.
Hall was first elected in 2010 and was re-elected in 2012. His special legislative concerns include jobs, taxes, the budget, and education. In 2014, Hall opposed the Women's Economic Security Act, legislation requiring contractors to pay women equally, saying "I will not stand here and vote for a bill that promotes one gender over another."
Personal life.
Active in his community, Hall is a volunteer chaplain for the Burnsville Police and Fire departments, a youth hockey, soccer, volleyball and softball coach, an Open Arms food shelf volunteer coordinator, a youth hockey camp volunteer, and a YMCA Youth in Government volunteer advisor. He was also a chaplain at the Minnesota State Capitol and a volunteer chaplain after the I-35W bridge collapse.
Criticism.
According to Hall, Hall has attracted significant criticism in regards to his opposition to the legalization of gay marriage in Minnesota, saying "I can't tell you how many letters I've gotten that said, 'you're a bigot,' or tweets 'you're a bigot because you disagree,'" Hall said. "Really? Really? I'm trying to be a nice guy but I have a different opinion. So now you're labeling me, name-calling me." 
Comments on education.
In April 2011, Hall criticized government-mandated integration and segregation, saying "I watched Minneapolis get destroyed, so I not only didn’t want my kids in the school system. I took them out of Minneapolis because they ruined our neighborhoods with integration and segregation." Hall's statements were made in an effort to reduce schools' emphasis on race and increase their emphasis on literacy for students of all backgrounds. "I am a product of the Minneapolis school system," he explained, "completing all of my years, all the different schools. I graduated with a 6th grade reading ability. I struggled my whole life. We need to teach kids how to read" Hall agrees with the Minnesota's Office of the Legislative Auditor's report which found that the Integration Revenue funding formula has some unintended and potentially negative consequences.

</doc>
<doc id="30972859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972859" title="John Varela">
John Varela

John Edinson Varela Prado (born September 6, 1987 in Cali) is a Colombian footballer who has been unemployed since January 2013. He began his playing career at Uruguayan club River Plate de Montevideo.

</doc>
<doc id="30972879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972879" title="Concrete – UEA's Independent Student Newspaper">
Concrete – UEA's Independent Student Newspaper

Concrete – UEA's Independent Student Newspaper is the University of East Anglia's student newspaper, founded in 1992. With a circulation of 4,500, "Concrete" is free and published fortnightly on a Tuesday during term time. Its sections include News, Features, Comment, Lifestyle, Travel, International, Turf and Sport, with an additional entertainment supplement known as Venue. The newspaper celebrated its 250th issue in January 2011. "Concrete" is printed by local newspaper group Archant.
"Concrete" is compiled by a team of around 25 section editors and headed by the editor-in-chief. It is distributed throughout campus and at numerous locations throughout Norwich. These include the Norwich Theatre Royal, Norwich Puppet Theatre and a number of establishments located within the Golden Triangle.
Previous issues have included interviews with Nick Clegg, Charles Clarke, Johnny Knoxville, Max Mosley, Harrison Ford, Stephen Fry and Greg James amongst others. "Concrete" also publishes annual drug and sex surveys.
History.
"Concrete" was set up in 1992 by three students and has since celebrated its 250th issue in January 2011. Concrete's achievements were recognised in 1995 by The Guardian newspaper and the National Union of Students and shortlisted by both in the 'Student Newspaper of the Year' category. By the time of Concrete's fiftieth issue, it was being read by 98% of students at UEA. "Concrete" has been one of the largest student societies at UEA for a number of years, and its office is located upstairs in the Union House building at the University.
Current section editors.
Editor-in-Chief Chris King
Deputy Editor Steph McKenna
Chief Copy Editors Amy Adams & Harry Slater
"Concrete".
News Editors James Dixon & Susanna Wood
Comment Editor Joshua Resoun
International Editor Rachael Lum
Features Editor Lauren Razavi
Turf Editor Rebecca Hazlewood
Lifestyle Editor Hasina Allen & Rianne Ison
Travel Editor Polly Grice
Sports Editors Matt Scrafton & Chris Teale
Chief Photographer Laura Smith
Deputy Chief Photographer Harriet Jones
"Venue".
Venue Editor Alex Throssell
Fashion Editor Hannah Britt
Deputy Fashion Editor Milly Sampson
Arts Editor Emma Webb
Creative Writing Editor Ella Chappell
Past editors.
2010-2011- Danny Collins
2009-2010- Hannah Livingston
2008-2009- Fiona Billings
2007-2008- Marcus Jones
2006-2007- Anna Steward
2005-2006- Sarah Edwardes
2004-2005- Phillip Sainty
2003-2004- Jim Whalley
2002-2003- Katie Hind
2001-2002-
2000-2001- James Goffin
1999-1998- James Tapsfield
1998-1999- James Graham
1997-1998- Jane Kirby
1996-1997- James Curtis
1995-1996- Niall Hampton
1994-1995- Niall Hampton
1993-1994- Peter Hart
1992-1993- Polly Graham
Awards.
1995- The Guardian/NUS Student Media Awards Student- Student Newspaper of the Year
1999- Independent/NUS awards - Student Newspaper of the Year
1999- Guardian awards - Runner-up Student Newspaper of the Year
2001- National Student Journalism Award- Best Student Newspaper, Runner Up

</doc>
<doc id="30972900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972900" title="Mihkel Harilaid">
Mihkel Harilaid

Mihkel Harilaid, also known as Mike Harilaid, is the CEO and executive producer of Black Walk, a Canadian feature film and television production company.
Career.
Mihkel Harilaid is the Executive Producer and President of Black Walk Corporation, a leading Canadian film and television producer. With over 20 years of production experience, Mihkel oversees all aspects of the production company, from creative to business affairs.
Starting his career in music videos, Mihkel produced over 500 clips, many of which have won international acclaim, including 36 MMVAs and a number of other awards. In 2002 he moved away from music video production with his second feature film “Ham and Cheese”. This was followed quickly with “Phil the Alien” premiering at the Toronto International Film Festival. In total, Mihkel has produced 12 feature films and numerous television programs, including dramatic series and documentary specials.
Filmed in Late 2011, Mihkel executive produced ‘Two Hands to Mouth”, his second feature with Michael DeCarlo, soon to premier at the Madrid International Film Festival. In the last 12 Months, Mihkel co-wrote and produced the new incarnation of the Dark Rising franchise, "Dark Rising: Warrior of Worlds", currently available for international distribution.
Mihkel lives in the Toronto area with his two children and has a wide range of interests from the culinary to the mechanical.
In addition to Harilaid's media ventures, he is a Certified Property Manager and owns Harilaid Corp. A real estate and management company focused on environmentally conscious and diverse investments. The goal is to work with tenants, the community and business for profitable and sustainable growth.
Credits.
Mihkel's producer credits include:
Harilaid started his education at Trinity College School, where he graduated in 1985. Currently he is a chairman of the TCS Alumni Association. He then went to Trinity College at the University of Toronto where he received a BA in History in 1989. He later became a Certified Property Manager with the Institute of Real Estate Management and his FPI and CRF from the Real Estate Institute of Canada (REIC). He has also written two books.
General reference.
Harilaid's surname is derived from his family's ancestral home in Harilaid, Estonia.
Politics and activism.
Harilaid is an active environmentalist who owns a self-sustainable farm. He also runs an investment real estate business focused on redevelopment properties, including the low income facility in Port Hope, Ontario known as the Tower Hotel.
Harilaid was the Green Party candidate in the federal elections in Ajax—Pickering in 2008 and 2011.
See also.
Black Walk

</doc>
<doc id="30972903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972903" title="Central Lampung Regency">
Central Lampung Regency

Central Lampung Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 4,789.8 km² and a population of 1,170,048 people at the 2010 Census. The capital lies at Gunung Sugih. 
History.
In August 2009, an ex-regent official was arrested for graft.

</doc>
<doc id="30972908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972908" title="Wagram order of battle">
Wagram order of battle

On the 5 and 6 July 1809, north of Vienna, took place one of the most important confrontations in human history until then, the battle of Wagram. It opposed an Austrian army led by "generalissimus" Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen to a Franco-Italo-German army under the command of Napoleon I, Emperor of the French, King of Italy, Protector of the Confederation of the Rhine.
Below are presented the military units which participated at this battle. On this page are listed only the troops who were close enough to the hostilities to be able to intervene. The Austrian V Corps, left behind as a strategic reserve, and the "Army of Inner Austria", whose elements from the vanguard arrived close to the battlefield only in the afternoon of the 6th, too late to intervene, have been omitted from the article. Similarly, the French VIII Corps left outside the theater of hostilities; the Franco-Allied garrison and the batteries on the island of Lobau; the squadrons and the French regiments left on the right bank of the Danube to protect the lines of communication, and most part of the Center Corps belonging to the Franco-Italian army, located in Pressburg, have also been omitted from this article because they played no part in the battle.
The Austrian army was not reinforced during the second day. Archduke Charles commanded about 140,000-150,000 men, including 15,000 cavalrymen and over 400 artillery pieces.
During the first day of the fighting, Napoleon's army numbered about 155,000-160,000 men and around the noon of the second day it was reinforced up to 165,000-180,000 men, out of whom 27,000 were cavalrymen, and more than 400 cannons. This figure remains approximate, as it does not take into consideration the losses suffered during the first day of the battle, which are difficult to estimate. The losses of the army are only a global estimation, including the hostilities on both the 5th and the 6th of July. In addition, on the 6th, Napoleon basically could not rely on the Saxon infantry from the Saxon IX Corps, which was completely disorganised and unfit for combat following the hard fighting during the first day. The French and Allied forces included two armies: the "Grand Army of Germany", which had taken part in the previous campaign in Southern Germany and Austria (the main theater of the War of the Fifth Coalition), and the "Army of Italy", of smaller dimensions, which arrived on the battlefield in stages and only with a part of its effectives, during the two days. The order of battle of the French Army was profoundly reorganised during June, and it was modified even during the battle, with some units being attached to different commanders, according to circumstances.
Abbreviations of military ranks or dignities.
Comments
"*" "Maréchal d'Empire", or Marshal, was not a "rank" within the French army, but a personal title granted to distinguished generals of division, along with higher pay and privileges. The highest "rank" in Napoleon's army was actually "Général de Division".
Opposing armies.
Kaiserlich-königliche Armee.
The Austrian army, called "Kaiserlich-königliche Armee" (Imperial and Royal Army), was composed of multinational troops from across the Empire, including proper Austrians, Bohemians, Moravians, Hungarians, Romanians, Croatians, Poles and other ethnic groups, with regiments speaking various languages. Another facet that showed the diverse nature of this army was that "Landwehr" (Militias) units, some of which were quite poorly trained, were brigaded together with regular troops.
Following the Battle of Aspern-Essling, Charles massed whatever forces he could spare, recalling two-thirds of III Korps from Linz, but, with war raging on secondary theatres, he was unable or unwilling to recall any additional forces. Archduke Charles did plan for the small "Army of Inner Austria" under Archduke John of Austria to march out from Pressburg, some 40 kilometers away, and participate in the battle, reckoning that the timely arrival of this force would reinforce his weak left. Excluding the "Army of Inner Austria", the forces that Charles had available for the two days of battle were about 138,000 men, with 414 artillery pieces.
Archduke Charles, aged 37 at the time of the battle, had under his direct command the "Kaiserlich-königliche Hauptarmee", the main Austrian army. He was seconded by 39-year-old Maximilian von Wimpffen, the army's Quartermaster General (Chief of Staff), a pugnacious and assertive character, who was well respected in the Austrian army for his knowledge of military strategy. The Austrian army was divided into several Korps, as follows:
Although in the vicinity of the battlefield, the V Korps (12,000 men, 50 guns) under "Feldmarschalleutnant" Prince Heinrich XV Reuss of Plauen had been left behind on the Bisamberg heights as a strategic reserve, a position which meant that it was too far away to take part to any fighting on or around the Marchfeld, and were thus not a part of Charles' effective fighting force. This was due to Charles's desire to protect his communication lines towards Bohemia and Moravia.
Grande Armée.
As opposed to his Austrian counterpart, Napoleon managed to muster two secondary armies for the upcoming battle. The first, called the Army of Italy, had marched from northern Italy to the main theatre of operations north of Vienna and was led by Napoleon's stepson, the Viceroy of Italy, Prince Eugène de Beauharnais. The second was the XI Corps, which formed the Army of Dalmatia, under General of Division Auguste de Marmont. However, the Army of Dalmatia, as well as a part of the Army of Italy only arrived on the battlefield towards midday on 6 July, at about the same time as an additional force, a Bavarian division under general Karl Philipp von Wrede.
All these forces considered, Napoleon could muster an army of around 166,000 men, with 433 guns. He was seconded by "Major Général" (Chief of Staff), 56-year-old "Maréchal d'Empire" Louis-Alexandre Berthier, a seasoned officer, who had been serving as Napoleon's Chief of Staff since 1796. The army was organised in the usual French Corps system and the main army, "La Grande Armée d'Allemagne" ("the Grand Army of Germany") was divided as follows:
The "Army of Italy", under the command of 27-year-old Prince Eugène, the Viceroy of Italy and Napoleon's stepson. Eugène's army had a total of 44 guns and was made up of:
Napoleon also massed additional artillery on the island of Lobau – 28 18-pounders, 24 12-pounders, 17 28-centimetre heavy mortars, 10 howitzers and a number of small calibre guns (4 and 6-pounders). Also stationed on the island of Lobau during the battle were one regiment and 5 battalions defending the crucial communications with Vienna. These troops would not see action at Wagram, although the batteries would open an artillery barrage when Austrians from Klenau's VI Corps came within range, on the second day of the battle. All the forces that remained on this island were placed under the command of general Aubry, later under the command of general Jean-Louis Reynier.
Finally, the VIII Corps, under General of Division Dominique Vandamme was left out of the battle and was left behind to cover Vienna and the southern bank of the Danube upstream from the Austrian capital.
Franco-Allied Forces.
Commander: Emperor Napoleon I
Grand Army of Germany.
Commander: Emperor Napoleon I
French Imperial Guard.
Comments
"*" Some authors (Naulet, Hourtoulle) cite GD Walther as being the commander of the entire Guard. General Walther had indeed commanded the Guard during the marches of this campaign. Rothenberg considers that Emperor Napoleon was the direct commander of the Guard, because he kept this unit under very strict control and it acted only at his command. Furthermore, Walther, although one of the most experienced generals on the battlefield, had previously commanded only cavalry. Thanks to his prestige among the ranks of this unit and the fact that he often commanded the Guard cavalry, MdE Bessières was naturally considered to have the authority to command this unit, although in this battle he was granted only the command of the Cavalry Reserve.
"**" GB Curial had been promoted to the rank of GD after the battle of Aspern-Essling and had been granted the command of the 1st Young Guard Division, but he nominally kept the command of the 1st Foot Chasseurs Regiment from the Old Guard as their deputy major general. The major general of the Foot Chasseurs (honorary appointment), MdE Soult, was in Spain.
"***" Pigeard ("La Garde Imperiale") cites GD Walther as being the direct commander of the Horse Grenadiers. It is certain that this general spent much of the 6th of July by directly commanding this unit, as it was his favourite one.
II Corps (Oudinot).
Comments
"*" GD Oudinot replaced MdE Lannes, mortally wounded at the battle of Aspern-Essling, at the head of the II Corps.
"**" The 1st and 2nd divisions of this Corps were formed only from the 4th battalion of several regiments, some present at Wagram in the composition of other Corps, others being in Spain with their other 3 battalions and their colonel. The 4th battalion of these regiments was usually made up from young recruits without experience, divided, according to the new French system, in 4 "center" companies. To fill up the ranks, according to the regulations, 2 more "élite" companies were added (one of grenadiers and one of voltigeurs for the line regiments, and one of foot carabiniers and one of voltigeurs for the light regiments), generally consisting of veterans.
"***" After the battle of Aspern-Essling GD Frère replaced GD Claparède at the head of the 2nd Division.
"****" After the battle of Aspern-Essling GD Grandjean replaced GD Saint-Hilaire, mortally wounded on the 22nd of May, at the head of the 3rd Division.
"Army of Italy" (Eugène).
Under the overall command of Emperor Napoleon I, king of Italy
Commander: Prince Eugène
Austrian army.
Commander: Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen
II Corps (von Hohenzollern).
Comments
"*" Some sources state FML Ulm's division was commanded by FML von Siegenthal.
III Corps (Kollowrat).
Comments
"*" Some sources state GM Schneller's brigade was commanded by Ob Schmuttermayer.
VI. Corps (Klenau).
Strength: 13 742 
1 st Division FML Vincent - Strength 3 750 
1. Brigade GM Wallmoden 
Grenzer Regiment B (1/2 Bat.) 
Husaren-Regiment 7 Liechtenstein (8 Esc.) 
2. Brigade GM Mariassy 
Bat. 1 Volunt. Vienna 
Bat. 2 Volunt. Vienna 
Bat. Landwehr Colloredo 
3. Brigade GM Vecsey † 
Bat. Grenzer Saint-Georg 
Husaren - Regiment 8 Kienmayer 
2 nd Division FML Hohenfeld - Strength 6 331 
1. Brigade GM Adler 
Regiment 14 Ob Klebek (2 Bat.) 
Regiment 59 Ob Jordis (2 Bat.) 
Bat. 3 Landwehr din Mähren 
Bat. 1 Landwehr 
Bat. 3 Leg. Erzherzog Karl Carl 
2. Brigade GM Hofmeister 
Regiment 60 Ob Giulay (3 Bat.) 
Regiment 36 Ob Kollowrat (3 Bat.) 
3 rd Division FML Kottulinsky - Strength 3 661 
1. Brigade GM Spleny 
Regiment 51 Ob Spleny (3 Bat.) 
Regiment 31 Ob Benjowsky (2 Bat.) 
Bat. 3 Volunteer Vienna 
Bat. 4 Volunteer Vienna 
Bat. 1 Volunteer Mähren 
 
Reservekorps (Liechtenstein).
Strength: 17 954 
1st Genadier-Division FML D'Aspre † - Strength 3 960 
1. Brigade GM Merville 
Bat. Grenad. Ob Scharlach 
Bat. de Grenad. Scovaud 
Bat. de Grenad. Ob Buteany 
Bat. de Grenad Ob Brzezinsky 
2. Brigade GM Hammer 
Bat. Grenad Ob Kirchenbetter 
Bat. Grenad. Ob Bissingen 
Bat. Grenad. Ob Oklopsia 
Bat. Grenad. Ob Locher 
2nd Genadier-Division FML Prochaska - Strength 5 940
1. Brigade GM Murray 
Bat. Grenad Ob Frisch 
Bat. Grenad Ob Georgy 
Bat. Grenad Ob Portner 
Bat. Grenad Ob Leiningen 
2.Brigade GM Steyrer 
Bat. Grenad Ob Hahn 
Bat. Grenad Ob Hromada 
Bat. Grenad Ob Legrand 
Bat. Grenad Ob Dumontant 
Bat. Grenad Ob Berger 
1 st Cavalery- Division FML Hessen-Homburg - Strength 3 134 
1st Brigade GM Roussel 
Kürass.-Regiment 3 Albert (6 Esc.) 
Kürass.Regiment 2 Erzherzog Franz(6 Esc.) 
2 nd Brigade GM Lederer 
Kürass. Regiment 4 Erzherzog Ferdinand (6 Esc.) 
Kürass.Regiment 8 Hohenzollern (6 esc.) 
3. Brigade GM Kroyher 
Kürassier Regiment 1 (4 Esc.) 
Kürass.Regimentul 6 Liechtenstein (6 Esc.) 
2 nd Cavalery –Division FML Schwarzenberg - Strength 1 800
1 st Brigade GM Teimern 
Regiment 6 Chevaulegers Rosenberg (8 Esc.) 
Dragoner-Regiment 3 Ob.Knesevitch (6 Esc.) 
2. Brigade GM Kerekes 
Husaren-Regimen ob Neutrauer (6 Esc.) 
3 rd Cavalery Division FML Nostitz - Strength 3 120 
1 st Brigade 1 GM Wartensleben 
Regiment 3 Chevaulegers Ob. O'Reilly (6 Esc.) 
Husaren Regiment 6 Ob. Blankenstein (10 Esc.) 
2.nd Brigade GM Rothkirch 
Dragoner-Regiment 1 Erzherzog Johann (6 Esc.) 
Regiment 6 Dragon. Ob Riesch (6 Esc.)

</doc>
<doc id="30972914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972914" title="Mesa de Cacahuatenco">
Mesa de Cacahuatenco

Mesa de Cacahuatenco is a Mesoamerican pre-Columbian archeological site, located in the municipality of Ixhuatlán de Madero in northern Veracruz, Mexico, south of the Vinasca River.
It is an important site, located some 44 kilometers (27.32 mi.) west of Castillo de Teayo another contemporary archaeological site in Veracruz.
El Tajín archaeological site is located some 80 kilometers (49 mi.) southeast. It is one of the largest and better known cities of the mesoamerican classical era, it flourished from 600 to 1200 C.E.
Toponymy.
The word Ixhuatlán is derived from two Náhuatl words: Ixhuatl that means “papatla” and Tlan that means place.
Hence, Ixhuatlán means “Place of papatlas”; papalta is a plant that frows in moist places and its leaves are used to wrap tamales.
Background.
The history of the native peoples of the state of Veracruz is complex. In the pre-Columbian period, the modern-day state of Veracruz was inhabited primarily by four indigenous cultures. The Huastecos and Otomis occupied the north, while the Totonacs resided in the north-center. The Olmecs, one of the oldest cultures in the Americas, became dominant in the southern part of Veracruz. Remains of these past civilizations can be found in archeological sites such as Pánuco, Castillo de Teayo, El Zapotal, Las Higueras, Quiahuiztlán, El Tajín, Cempoala, Tres Zapotes and San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán .
Chronology studies of archaeological sites in northern Veracruz show that the area has been occupied at least since 5600 B.C. and show how nomadic hunters and gatherers eventually became sedentary farmers, building more complex societies, even before the rise of the city of El Tajín.
The pace of this societal progression became more rapid with the rise of the neighboring Olmec civilization around 1150 B.C., although the Olmecs were never here in great numbers.
It is unclear who built these cities. Some argue in favor of the Totonacs and the Xapaneca; however, there is a significant amount of evidence that the area was populated by the Huastec at the time some of these settlements were founded. In the 1st century C.E.
In the case of El Tajin, construction started soon after and by 600 C.E., it was a city. Its rapid rise was due to its strategic position along the old Mesoamerican trade routes. It controlled the flow of commodities, both exports such as vanilla and imports from other locations in what is now Mexico and Central America. From the early centuries, objects from Teotihuacan are abundant.
These sites combine various cultural traditions, first the Olmec, considered the mother civilization and subsequently several cultural expressions, in different times, ranging from the Huastec, Totonac, Otomi, and the Aztec, in the late Postclassical. According to specialists, the architecture of the only remaining building is of Aztec filiation, although the village also had relationships with Toltec groups from the Mexican Plateau.
The Olmec-vixtoti Culture became the cuexteca or Huastec culture. In relation to the Maya and Toltec societies, there was an important influence on the site sculptures. However, there is another version that says that the sculptural style corresponds to a Toltec occupation.
The Huastec culture developed south of the current states of Tamaulipas, north of Veracruz, east of San Luis Potosí and small areas of the states of Puebla, Querétaro and Hidalgo. Although this geographic-cultural regionalization has not been stable thru time, Teayo Castle is included in this region.
Site.
Mesa de Cacahuatenco was probably a very important ceremonial center. It occupies an extension of over 75 hectares with more than 60 covered structures identified, the site is probably twice as large as El Tajin.
A remarkable feature of this site is represented by a hydraulic system that apparently interconnected the structures of the city. Current studies chronologically place this site at about 900 to 1500 CE.
Although little information is known about its founders, current information identify this recently discovered site as one of the most important in the Huasteca region.
Excavations have barely commenced, yet the site complex architectonic features are remarkable.
Structures.
Of the more of 60 buildings, the largest structure is a platform measuring 50 meters long by 28 wide; the structures comprise a cannel system, residential structures, 18 buildings within the central plaza.
The site also includes a ballgame court, although there are no details of its characteristics.
Hydraulic and road system.
The site has an hydraulic system, unlike any other archaeological site found thus far, it is made from communicating channels and a road complex, of Mayan style.

</doc>
<doc id="30972924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972924" title="The Circuit (2002 film)">
The Circuit (2002 film)

«The Circuit» - is a 2002 arena-fighting film starring Olivier Gruner 
Plot.
Years ago, Dirk Longstreet walked away from The Circuit, the merciless underground fight club with no rules, where money changes hands as men are killed. But now gangsters have got his brother, and only one more journey inside the ring will save his life. Or will it? Not without a fight.. Literally. And this time, it's personal.

</doc>
<doc id="30972949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972949" title="Building at 813-815 W. Second Street">
Building at 813-815 W. Second Street

Building at 813-815 W. Second Street is an historic building located near downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Classical Revival style building served as a warehouse until it was renovated in 2003 as a nightclub named Club Fusion. In 2012 after the building sat empty for a few years it was bought a converted into a convenience store and a bar. 

</doc>
<doc id="30972975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972975" title="Valencian people">
Valencian people

The Valencians (, ) are a cultural and national group whose homeland is the Valencian Community, which is recognised as an historical nation in eastern Spain. The official languages of Valencia are Valencian and Spanish.
The Valencian Community is politically divided in three provinces, from south to north: Alicante, Valencia and Castellón. The current version of the Valencian Statute of Autonomy declares the Valencian Community a "nationality" of Spain, and its capital is the city of Valencia.
Historical background.
In 1237, the Moorish taifa of Valencia was taken by king James I the Conqueror of the Crown of Aragon. The population of the new kingdom was by far mostly Muslim, so the crown started a campaign of repopulation of the lands with Christians, as usual in the "Reconquista". The new Christian arrivals came from Catalonia and Aragon. Aragonese presence was most dominant in the interior parts of the kingdom (as can be assumed by geaographical factors); it should be noted that those Aragonese from the eastern comarcas of Aragon (Matarranya, Casp, Baix Cinca, Llitera and Ribargorça) would have brought with them Catalan language varieties, whereas the rest of Aragonese settlers would've brought eastern Spanish and Aragonese varieties which would mix into Churro Spanish, which in much of the interior is the traditional language, as Valencian is in the coast, where most of the new inhabitants had Catalan or, less usual, Occitan origins.
The Bajo Segura and Vinalopó comarcas were a territory disputed between the crowns of Castile and Aragon since the "Reconquista", this being because they were conquered by Aragon but reserved for Castile under a treaty, hence they were repopulated by people from both crowns at different times, and the Alto Vinalopó was actually part of Murcia (Albacete province) until the nineteenth century. Following the Black Death and later the Expulsion of the Moriscos, the then Valencian-speaking Bajo Segura (to which Orihuela and Torrevieja belong) is said to have been resettled mostly by people from the Murcia region, eventually defining the language border there (see Panocho dialect). The Requena comarca was, like the Alto Vinalopó, part of Castile (Cuenca province) until the mid-nineteenth century (1851).
Moorish presence in the Kingdom of Valencia was very high, making one third of the entire population at the time of the expulsion (the highest proportion in all of Spain). The coexistence between the Christian and Muslim was mostly good, despite some chapters of religious intolerance like the massive Baptism of Muslims during the first Revolt of the Brotherhoods; however, Valencian Moors never ceased to speak Arabic. The Christian Valencian elites disapproved the King Philip plans of Expulsion of the Moriscos in 1609, because the sudden lack of the traditional workforce would lead to the kingdom's ruin.
Demographics.
The Valencian population traditionally concentrated in localities with fertile cultivation and growing lowlands by the most important rivers (Júcar, or "Xúquer" in Valencian, Turia, or "Túria", Segura and Vinalopó), also in harbour cities important to the agricultural trade.
The most important population centers used to be, during the Roman times, Sagunto ("Sagunt") or Dénia; later on in history, Valencia ("València"), Alicante ("Alacant"), Xàtiva, Orihuela, Elche ("Elx"), Gandia, or Vila-real and, more recently, Alzira and Castellón de la Plana ("Castelló de la Plana").
The population density which is higher in the central and southern regions and minor in the northern and inner ones, is derived from the traditional distribution of people which originated
in the orographic characteristics of the Valencian territory and the possibility to obtain irrigated land agriculture. Demographics were also affected by (being perhaps the exception to the mentioned distribution) the great industrial activity and the commerce of agriculturally derived products during the 20th century of noncoastal cities like Alcoy ("Alcoi"), Elda, Ontinyent, Petrer, Villena, and La Vall d'Uixó.
In the last years, concentration in the great capitals and its metropolitan areas has augmented considerably (e.g. Torrent, Mislata, Paterna, Burjassot, San Vicente del Raspeig, etc.) especially in all the coastal cities and towns. Thus, traditionally small populations such as Benidorm or Torrevieja have undergone a considerable population increase (still more remarkable during summertime) due to the seasonal migration of tourists.
Languages.
Valencian and Spanish are the official languages of Valencia. Spanish is the official language of the Spanish state, while Valencian is the language considered by the Statute of Autonomy as "llengua pròpia" ("own language" or "language proper" to the territory). Valencian is traditionally spoken in the densely populated coastal areas rather than inland, where many places have Spanish as their traditional language, also those areas incorporated into the provinces of Alicante and Valencia at their creation in 1833 and which did not form part of the historical Kingdom of Valencia. Consequently, the 1984 Law on the "Use and Education of Valencian" defines certain municipalities as "predominantly Spanish-speaking", and allows them some few optional exceptions as to official use of Valencian, even though the right to use and to receive education in Valencian is guaranteed by the Statute of Autonomy (Art. 6.2) anywhere in Valencia.
Cuisine.
Paella is a rice dish which originated in the Spanish Autonomous Community of Valencia near lake Albufera, a lagoon in eastern Spain. Valencians consider paella their main national dish.
Other famous Valencian dishes are the orxata drink, and the bunyols: the sweet pastry eaten in falles.

</doc>
<doc id="30972984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972984" title="Jan Smuts Avenue">
Jan Smuts Avenue

Jan Smuts Avenue is a major street in Johannesburg, South Africa. It begins in Randburg, and passes through important business areas like Rosebank. It passes the Johannesburg Zoo, Zoo Lake and Wits University before becoming Bertha Street, and the Nelson Mandela Bridge near the Johannesburg CBD. It has been described as "the most important road for a tourist" in Johannesburg.
-26.145538,28.035908

</doc>
<doc id="30972988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972988" title="East Lampung Regency">
East Lampung Regency

East Lampung Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 5,325.03 km² and a population of 950,574 people at the 2010 Census. The capital lies at Sukadana.
History.
In January 2010 an outbreak of bird flu occurred in East Lampung Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="30972989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972989" title="Minuscule 835 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 835 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 835 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Θε38 (von Soden), is a 13th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript has complex contents.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 207 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in two columns per page, 51 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages.
It contains the tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each Gospel and subscription with number of verses in Luke. It contains a commentary of Theophylact.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
According to Gregory it could be ancestor manuscript for minuscule 834.
History.
According to the colophon the manuscript was written in 1284. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 13th century.
The manuscript was examined and described by Angelo Maria Bandini. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (835e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Laurentian Library (Plutei XI. 8), in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="30972995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30972995" title="Ferdinand Ewert Building">
Ferdinand Ewert Building

Ferdinand Ewert Building was an historic building located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, an has subsequently been torn down.

</doc>
<doc id="30973005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973005" title="Luke Beaverson">
Luke Beaverson

Luke Beaverson (born December 11, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Ontario Reign in the ECHL. He was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 9th round (283rd overall) of the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="30973009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973009" title="Ganbatyn Erdenebold">
Ganbatyn Erdenebold

Ganbatyn Erdenebold (born May 28, 1993) is a Mongolian artistic gymnast. He represented Mongolia
at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics where he won an individual gold medal
on the vault.
2010 Summer Youth Olympics.
At the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, Erdeneboldt qualified 37th in the all-around, and did not qualify.
However in the event finals, he was able to earn a gold medal on vault, a first for Mongolia. He also placed 5th on the still rings.
References.
http://www.gz2010.cn/info/ENG/ZB/ZBB101A_GA@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ENG_number=259619.htm

</doc>
<doc id="30973018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973018" title="Volzhsky (inhabited locality)">
Volzhsky (inhabited locality)

Volzhsky (; masculine), Volzhskaya (; feminine), or Volzhskoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="30973027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973027" title="Rudolf Bayer (soldier)">
Rudolf Bayer (soldier)

Rudolf Bayer (10 March 1917 – 14 July 1944) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Rudolf Bayer was wounded on 13 July 1944 and died the next day in a hospital in Sokal, Ukraine. He was posthumously promoted to Oberleutnant der Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="30973034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973034" title="North Lampung Regency">
North Lampung Regency

North Lampung Regency ("Lampung Utara") is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 2,725.63 km² and a population of 583,925 people as of 2008. The capital lies at Kotabumi. 
Administrative divisions.
Administratively it is divided into 23 districts ("kecamatan") and 231 subdistricts.

</doc>
<doc id="30973036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973036" title="Hong Kong legislative election, 1991">
Hong Kong legislative election, 1991

The 1991 Hong Kong legislative election for members of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (LegCo); the election of the members of functional constituencies was held on 12 September 1991 and the election of geographical constituency seats was held on 15 September. It was the first ever direct election of the legislative council in Hong Kong history. There were 18 members from directly elected geographical constituencies, 21 members from functional constituencies, 17 members appointed by the Governor, and 3 official members. 
A coalition of the United Democrats and the Meeting Point, together with other smaller parties, groups and independents in the pro-democracy camp had a landslide victory, getting 16 of the 18 geographical constituency seats.
Dual-seat constituency dual vote system was used with two seats to be filled in each constituency. The voting system helped the pro-democracy coalition win with landslide success and faced criticisms. In the end, the government prescribed simple plurality in the next election.

</doc>
<doc id="30973038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973038" title="Koch Drug Store">
Koch Drug Store

Koch Drug Store is an historic building located in the central part of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It is a Victorian style commercial building that was built in 1881. The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. A pharmacy occupied the building until the 1920s, after which a variety of businesses were located here. In 2014 a bakery opened in the building that had sat empty for at least five years.

</doc>
<doc id="30973070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973070" title="Edward V. Whiton">
Edward V. Whiton

Edward Vernon Whiton (June 2, 1805 – April 12, 1859) was an American jurist and politician from Wisconsin.
Born in South Lee, Massachusetts, Whiton moved to Janesville, Wisconsin, where he practiced law. In 1838-1842, he served in the Wisconsin Territorial House of Representatives and served as speaker. From 1844-1846, he served in the Wisconsin Territorial Council. In 1847, Whiton was elected to the second Wisconsin Constitutional Convention. In 1848, Whiton was elected a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge and also served as a justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court until a separate supreme court was formed in 1853. In 1852, Whiton was elected the first Chief Justice of the newly formed Wisconsin Supreme Court serving until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="30973072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973072" title="Koenig Building">
Koenig Building

Koenig Building was an historic building located in downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States. The Italianate style commercial building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It has subsequently been torn down and the property is now a surface parking lot. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973077" title="Serge Guinchard">
Serge Guinchard

Serge Guinchard (born May 9, 1946) is a French jurist who formerly taught at the Law School of Dakar and Jean Moulin University Lyon 3 and most recently at Panthéon-Assas University, where he is now Professor emeritus. He is often called upon as a legal expert and has produced reports on legal issues for the government of the Council of Europe, the French Minister of Justice, and NATO, among others. He has also held political posts in the metropolitan government of Lyon.
Education.
Guinchard was born in Lyon in the 4th arrondissement and was educated in Caluire-et-Cuire and in the northern suburbs of Lyon. After completing his secondary education in Lyon, he studied in the Faculty of Law of Lyon. He obtained his J.D. in 1974 and the "Agrégation" in law the following year.
Academic career.
From November 1969 to September 1974 Guinchard was an Assistant in the Faculty of Law at the University of Lyon 2, then at Jean Moulin University Lyon 3 after its creation. He then became a lecturer at Lyon 3 until December 1975. From January 1976 to September 1980, he was a professor in the Faculty of Law at Dakar University, heading the Private Law Section from October 1978; he then returned to the University Jean Moulin Lyon III, where he served as director of the insurance section then of the Institute of Judicial Studies and was Dean of the Faculty from May 1982 to September 1988. In 1988 he moved to Panthéon-Assas University (Paris 2), where he was director of the Institute of Judicial Studies for ten years, from 1990 to 2000; by statute and in number of students, this is the pre-eminent such institute in France. In 2001–02, he headed the Center for Research into Justice and Alternative Modes of Conflict Resolution, then from October 2001 to July 2003, he was director of the Center for Permanent Training.
During his time at Panthéon-Assas, he also served outside the university in several capacities: in 1988–89 and 1993&ndash94, as head of the specialist commission on the legal disciplines for the French University of the Pacific; from 1992 to 1999 as a member of the Commission on Education for the National Council of Bar Associations; from 1991 to 1993 as director of the Bar Association training school for the Paris Court of Appeals; from 1996 to 2000 as a member of the administrative board of the National School for the Judiciary; and from 2000 to 2003 as director of legal studies at the École Normale Supérieure. He also served on the jury for the national "agrégation" in private law and forensic science: in 1984, 1988–89, and 2000–01, and from January 1992 to December 1995 was president of the National Council of Universities of which he was a member from 1987 to 1995 and again in 2000.
From 2003 his career became focused on administration when he became rector of the Academy of Guadeloupe, then in 2005 took up the same position at Rennes, which he held for a year. 
In June 2007 he became Professor Emeritus at Panthéon-Assas University, and in May 2010 a Festschrift was published in his honour.
Dissertation committees.
, Guinchard had been a member of 70 dissertation committees, of three kinds: supervision of work leading to a doctoral dissertation, thesis adjudication committees, and committees authorizing the conduct of research.
Academic associations and learned societies.
Serge Guinchard is a member of several academic associations and learned societies:
Legal reports.
Specializing in matters concerning justice and the right of trial, Serge Guinchard has produced numerous reports at the request of international organizations and of the French and Senegalese Ministries of Justice (France and Senegal), many of which led to legislation:
Research and doctrinal positions.
Comparative law.
Recognizing the importance of studies in comparative law for training lawyers, Guinchard pursued such studies beginning with his second doctorate, for which his dissertation compared French and Swiss law. He studied the university system in Quebec in 1971 and in 1973–74 returned for a study of consumer protection under a NATO grant. As dean of the Faculty of Law at Lyon (1982–88), one of his concerns was the development of exchanges with other European and with American universities including Boston University, the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, Georgetown University, the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, and Saint Louis University, Missouri. He instituted seminars in foreign law conducted by visiting professors from countries including Germany, Belgium, Canada, and Israel. When in 1995 he founded the law review "Justice", published by Dalloz, he included a section on judicial systems in other countries, and also included such coverage in the journal "Droit et procédures", where he headed the scientific committee, then the peer. Two of his students have written dissertations in comparative law; he has participated in conferences on comparative law; and he contributed to a book on comparative law, now in its 7th edition.
Human rights.
From the beginning of his doctoral studies in 1969, Serge Guinchard became interested in fields other than trial law. Consumer protection and civil law and have more particularly attracted his attention. The common point of his research is the interdisciplinary approach of a law in perpetual motion, with an openness to other disciplines such as philosophy, sociology, and economics and with reference to other cultures and to humanism. Some of his writings are outspoken, even caustic and cover responsibility for miscarriages of justice, and his books include proposals for reform. Some of these have led to changes in the law, while others have not. He has harshly criticized the function of the Court of Cassation, the French supreme court, and contributed to the debate on judges' being Freemasons, regularly updated his contribution to the Dalloz Encyclopedia of Civil Procedure concerning the liabilities incurred due to miscarriages of public justice, and has studied judicial actions that may constitute a threat to human rights. and written on the removal of judges. In his writings he focuses on the assurance of rights as it emerges from the jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights or, more recently, that of the Constitutional Council on priority issues of constitutionality, particularly in the areas of criminal procedure and jurisprudebce.
Consumer protection.
Serge Guinchard proposed, in 1970, in a thesis for obtaining his second master 2 (Science criminal) and published in 1971, a series of reforms for the purpose of improve consumer protection by transcending traditional divisions of law in which he sees an obstacle to the emergence of a genuine economic law, including: the ability to give consumers the benefit of legal actions traditionally reserved for economic agents in competition law to stop illegal practices, the right to pursue collective action in defense of their combined interests affected, the latter proposal made him one recognized experts in a "french class action", as evidenced by the application to expose its mechanism to the joint working group "Bercy-Vendome" held in 2005 at the initiative of French President of the Republic whose report inspired the bill passed by the Council of Ministers, November 8, 2006, the proposal of the socialist group recorded the Senate April 25, 2006 and the report of the Commission's information on the laws of the Senate ""the group action in the French law: the complete protection of consumers"". He was also interested in issues of misleading advertising, the right of legal action for consumer associations. Abroad, Article 138a, § 2 of the Belgian judicial code (in the wording of the Act of December 3, 2006) follows this reflection. This field of research in law of unfair competition and consumer law will never be abandoned by Serge Guinchard who even published a contribution to the principle of loyalty, both in competition law and civil procedure, thus connecting between substantive law and procedural law.
Civil law and Muslim law.
Civilian training, Serge Guinchard wrote, in his first edition in 1970, half of the definitions of Civil Law Glossary legal terms, which he co-directs and has devoted his doctoral thesis in law (defended in June 1974)"The allocation of property in French private law: testing a general theory." From the etymology of the verb "affect", he showed that the prefix "ad" to classify into two main categories in the assumptions which goods are assigned to a particular purpose: those for which a single direction, a direction is given to the property (and the allocation of premises to commercial use) and those in which the allocation is higher, by the creation of a genuine link between two goods (such as easements or common parts of a condominium that are related to the units). Their regime is moving around rules common to both categories of employment and rules specific to each of them because of the variability in the intensity of the assignment. The work of Serge Guinchard on Heritage Trust have inspired the legislature to adopt the Trust into French law Article 2011 and the status of individual entrepreneur limited, in which heritage institutions, separate from the personal assets of the Trustee or the individual entrepreneur, is assigned to a specific purpose in the deed of trust or in the founding of the proprietorship, the assets and liabilities transferred under the transaction mentioned in section 2011 of the Civil Code or the occupation of the individual entrepreneur referred to in Article L. 526-6 of the Commercial Code, form a heritage station. Serge Guinchard developed in his thesis the idea of splitting the assets, a "fighter" engaged in professional activity, the other "security", assigned to the preservation of family interests and it is this idea found in the aforementioned law of 15 June 2010 on the EIRL.
To Senegal, where he was seconded as a professor at the Faculty of Law of Dakar from January 1976 to September 1980, Serge Guinchard contributed one hand, to disseminate knowledge of law Senegalese family, in his personal and financial aspects (including Islamic law of estates), and, secondly, to reform the company law of this State. As regards the right of the family, he published numerous articles and case comments, emphasizing the conflict between tradition and modernity in post-colonial society in this particular field. Above all, he published the first book addressing the legal status of Muslim in this country estates. In direct contact with the High judicial and political authorities of the country, he practiced what might be called a "judiciary to influence" the passage of customary law in civil law codifications based on the post-colonial as well as reflected the assumption by the Senegalese courts solutions he advocated, particularly in the application of customs in time Serer and Ouoloff Islamized on devolution matrilineal herds of cattle and about the coordination in the last quarter of the twentieth century, inheritance of two statutes as diverse as those from the civil law (largely taken from French law) and Islamic law from, in a country with strong traditions and customary Islamized where Islam is the religion of almost the entire population. Regarding company law, Serge Guinchard participated in the preparation of the draft Code of civil and commercial companies of Senegal, became the fourth part of the Code of Obligations, after its adoption by Senegal's National Assembly, he advocated that Senegalese law incorporates the French model of corporate law, but also the Anglo-Saxon, in the hope of attracting investors tradition of common law. In both areas, he always taught these disciplines, along with teaching insurance law and its research activities and "jurislator".
Justice and law trial.
On this field, an author, Bertrand Lissarague, called it a "lord of the proceedings" in the liber amicorum that were offered in May 2007. These two themes are now over thirty years, the field of research favored by Serge Guinchard. His approach consisted of first, conventionally, from the study (technical) of Justice and its institutions, Civil Procedure and execution means. But his willingness to explore new horizons that French civil law and the civil law took him very quickly, to go beyond: it not only explored the other traditional litigation (criminal and administrative procedures with the publication, mentioned earlier, in February 2000 of a book of Criminal Procedure (in collaboration with Jacques Buisson), but mainly it globalize the study of law and justice of the trial, in that it comes out of its procedural law ghetto technique to show that it is attractive to guarantee fundamental rights and that it is itself the guarantee of the rights guaranteed through the notion of a fair trial. In this regard, Serge Guinchard studied a right of trial humanist, beyond the procedural technique, based on human rights. It deepened the study of law to a fair trial, including its precise Dalloz "processual law, fundamental rights" of the trial and saw the procedural law of the law guaranteeing the rights procedural citizens, in terms of the European Convention on Human Rights and the French Constitution.
The globalization of the right of trial.
Globalization means the right of trial here, as has been said, the willingness of law out of its ghetto procedural technique to show that it is attractive to guarantee fundamental rights and that itself is the guarantee of the rights guaranteed through the notion of a fair trial. This globalization is illustrated by the four developments to which it gave rise: 
From procedural legalism to humanism processual.
In the writings of Serge Guinchard, processual law is no longer the law that reflect their procedural discipline by scrutinizing their procedural aspects of a purely technical, but the right of those interested in the common sources of inspiration for all litigation, their foundations, principles of natural law that are necessary in the conduct of all trials. This doctrine, that Serge Guinchard colleagues have termed "humanism processual" in the title of the book they gave him in May 2010, is playing an increasing role in construction, day to day warranty the guarantee of rights. It helps to bring out key principles that the contours of the procedural democracy of tomorrow. 
a) Serge Guinchard tried to highlight what he called the triptych's right to a fair trial in his writings above, including the book Dalloz processual law: the right to a judge, including the effectiveness of this right by the removal of all barriers to financial and legal, the right to a good judge, with institutional guarantees: unity or duality of the courts; unit or collegiate courts, a higher court, independence and impartiality of the judge; secular courts, a language understood by litigants, and also by procedural guarantees, with a public procedure, fast and equitable within the meaning of the requirement of reasoned decision, the principles of equality of arms and the principle of contradiction, the right to carry out the judge's decision.
b) Serge Guinchard has advanced the idea as early as 1999, that three structuring principles are emerging behind the guidelines currently being held in each type of litigation, the principles that meet new needs, as expressed by litigants and citizens. 
-"Need"of confidence in the institution of justice and respect for others, where a principle (structuring) of loyalty, particularly in the search for evidence; 
-"A need to"listen to the Other, whether the parties or the judge or of others, where a principle (structuring) of dialogue between parties and between them and J.; 
-"A need for closeness"last, but not necessarily in space, time taken to traverse a distance a substitute for geographical proximity, resulting in principle, also structuring, speed. 
These are the guiding principles of tomorrow, emerging principles, which means they are not yet accepted by all. They structure all litigation and should be "put in letters of gold pediments courthouse". They reflect the advent of a procedural democracy. 
c) Finally, Serge Guinchard has yet tried to show that we have entered a new era of exceeding pure technical procedural issues, not because they would become useless, but because they need to be revisited the light of globalization (which induces an attraction of civil procedure to guarantee fundamental rights) and in the light of a model law of the trial (the rules of fair trial are now the model of a right joint trial). Simple technique of organizing civil lawsuit (as the company is a technical organization of the company, among others), the procedure has become an instrument for measuring the effectiveness of democracy in our country As the European Court of Human Rights is closely monitoring.
Political Activities.
Deputy Mayor of Lyon on two terms from 1983 to 1995. Vice-President of the Urban Community of Lyon from 1989 to 1995.
Municipal Warrant and agglomeration 1983–1989.
Key actions within the municipal mandate.
Elected Councillor and Borough Councillor Lyon in the seventh arrondissement of Lyon, in March 1983. Elected Deputy Mayor of Lyon, in charge of the Municipal Police, Administrative Police (relationships with merchants) and prevention of delinquency. Key actions undertaken during this mandate:
"a) Under the Prevention of Delinquency": establishment of a support system for elderly and disabled people in financial institutions (banks, savings and post offices), creating a system to protect high-risk businesses (jewelers, furriers, etc. ..) by connecting to a remote monitoring network, improving the security of public car parks, improving safety in swimming pools and skating rinks, creating a network of remote alarm which all could relate Lyon, creation of 20 posts so-called "community service" in the Lyon City Hall, to accommodate offenders on proposals from the courts ; installation of conscripts in public housing, creation and animation of a municipal commission of crime prevention in conjunction with the social partners, the judiciary and police participation in the facility in July 1983 and Matignon the work of the National Crime Prevention; monthly meeting with the Prefect of Police of the Rhone and the Departmental Director of urban policies for better coordination of municipal and state in the prevention of delinquency, developing and publishing a white paper on crime Lyon. 
"b) Under the Municipal Police": reform of paid street parking, improving the rotation of cars parked in the central business, establishing parking on rotating land provisionally free; laying humps outside schools; protection against sidewalk parking by installing anarchy of studs and stakes of quality control program of the lamps reorganization of the municipal pound with increased possibility of intervention for the benefit of Lyon can not leave their car in their garage privatization of impounded animals; privatization of wreck removal; establishment of mobile teams of municipal police officers specially assigned to double parking, improvement of equipment for police municipal building and municipal police stations in the boroughs of network development with a transit authorization policy against bus lanes to make sense of movement and double lanes reorganization and Chair of the Disciplinary Board of taxi drivers ; renovation of the entrance examination to the occupation of taxi drivers, creation of bicycle lanes in lanes protected.
"c) under the administrative police": fixing objective rules and permanent clearance sales, liquidations and clearance; better understanding of these legal events, developing a regulatory pedestrian areas strict regulations permissions late opening of pubs and other nightspots.
Activities under the mandate of agglomeration.
Elected Councillor for Urban Community of Lyon from 1983 to 1989. Participation in commissions and road transport. Member of the Board of Directors of the mixed enterprise company Lyon Parc Auto.
Municipal Warrant and agglomeration 1989–1995.
At the heart of Lyon and urban policy.
Responsibilities include, during this period, financial and investment planning, works and services of general resources, legal and insurance, vice president of the Urban Community of Lyon (monitoring of major contracts and delegated management, control of internal and external management, litigation and insurance), president of the private-public enterprise company Lyon Parc Auto (see below the next §), director of the civil hospitals of Lyon and Sytral (body organizing transport in Lyon), he participated in the policy of urban renewal Mayor Michel Noir, between 1989 and 1995, he was the closest collaborator, as expressed by an observer from the period 1989–1995: "Michel Noir was surrounded by four aces, two brains are old companions, Henry Chabert and Serge Guinchard; the second, polished aggregate of Law, former Deputy Collomb". According to Philippe Valode in his book just quoted,""the new mayor (elected in March 1989) has four key ideas provide the agglomeration of structural facilities, develop the quality of education, starting by the younger, strengthen solidarity between the people of Lyon, the most poorly housed mothers of large families, transforming their city into a dark city where beauty triumphs. Thus the deepening of underground parking (see below) the development of green spaces and places, especially the construction and renovation of the HLM, the lighting, the development of universities in Lyon, the child in the city plan, multiplying the nursery and primary schools, the last true launch of the International City project decided by the municipality earlier, contribute to these goals. In this package, plus several initiatives in the cultural field, with the birth of a renovated opera under the pencil Jean Nouvel and the opening of the History Museum of the Resistance and Deportation, not to mention the rehabilitation of the Conservatory of Music and the transformation of the theater district in the eighth house dance "". Philippe Valode considers Serge Guinchard by the functions it performs then (Finance and Works) will be the main architect of the implementation of this program. Thus, Philip Valode he continues his presentation of this period the city of Lyon:"Michel Noir led the galloping change, under the supervision of highly qualified financial assistant, Serge Guinchard. A total of six years from April 1989 to June 1995, investment in the urban area can be estimated at four billion francs. The money is primarily used for digging underground car park, mostly in downtown ... As policy to beautify the city, it is expressed through the illumination of monuments and bridges of Lyon, but also by the new alignment places Lyons".
At the City of Lyon.
Re-elected Councillor and Borough Councillor Lyon in the seventh arrondissement of Lyon, March 19, 1989. Elected Second Deputy Mayor of Lyon (Michel Noir), responsible for finance, investment planning, work and generals. In this respect: the development and monitoring of the budget of the city of Lyon, determination of policy investment programming; equipment plans 1991–1993 and 1994–1995 (priority to child care, housing, parks and public; organization work in the city of Lyon: the rehabilitation of markets after the opera overhaul the record; launch a loan of one billion francs (in 1989), with the assistance of the National Credit by tender and competition between major French banks and foreign negotiating the renewal of concessions, EDF company of France/GDF company of France, negotiating the transfer of certain cultural facilities in the department; launch of audit procedures: Fund schools, Centre for social action; football club of Lyon; renewal of insurance contracts from the city of Lyon tender procedure following an audit, monitoring the litigation of the City of Lyon.
In para-municipal.
Chairman of the private-public enterprise company Lyon Parc Auto. As such development and implementation of a program of construction of 8000 parking spaces in 6 years (see the next §). Administrator of the transit union of Lyons (SYTRAL). Participation in the launch of the Metro Lyons, line D, fully automated. Administrator Hospices Civils de Lyon and Hôpital Edouard Herriot. Administrator (SERL private-public development company in the region of Lyon). Director of Crédit Municipal de Lyon (as such audit of the finances of the organization and reorganization of the banking business). Director of the mixed enterprise company ICARE (computer equipment private-public company). Founding director of SEM Semifal land, who conducts a policy of land reserves. Member of the Lyon Urban Region, Association of consultation on the development of the urban area of Lyon, beyond departmental boundaries.
At the Urban Community of Lyon.
Reelected advisor to the Urban Community of Lyon. Elected second vice-president of the Metropolitan in charge of management control, corporate control of mixed economy and delegated management, negotiation and monitoring of major contracts (sanitation, heating, water, incineration, cleaning, etc. ..), and general resources services. In this capacity: establishment of a system of internal management controls in the Urban Community and the external delegated management (including concession) and private-public companies. Negotiation of major contracts: Subway as MAGGALY (GTM/Matra); Cofreth (incineration); north peripheral highway (with Bouygues company); Sytral operating contract (union of public transport in Lyon); insurance Urban Community; City international market of national interest at Mions-Corbas. Quinquennial review of concession contracts: letting water (Compagnie Generale des Eaux, French company of water); sanitation cleanliness display; heating (Prodith company); market-station (Cibévial company); negotiation of BIA school facilities and ZUP. Mounting the carry trade financial land transactions through the creation of a private-public society for land (the Semifal); Concessioning cemeteries.
Other responsibilities.
Member of Board of High School "Lycée du Parc" in Lyons; association management "Halle Tony Garnier"; the Association of Festivals, the association's convention center, the association of business incubators.
Chairman Lyon-Auto Park (1989–1995) - His policy of Contemporary Art in public car parks.
Between 1989 and 1995, the city of Lyon began the construction of 8,000 parking spaces downtown, through the company Lyon-Parc-Auto, including Serge Guinchard was president at the same time. Under his leadership, a true cultural policy was implemented to incorporate works of art in these car parks, to organize a museum and an original rating. Georges Verney-Carron recounts the role of Serge Guinchard in this operation: "the history of parks in Lyon has been an upheaval in 1990 following a challenge by Serge Guinchard. Everything in life begins with Yes. Yes the acceptance, openness, dynamics. Yes the command. And Serge Guinchard, we must pay tribute to him, said yes to contemporary. Do not forget that art would not exist without order, without public clients or private feel it necessary to give meaning by appealing to artists. What started it all, these are the first drawings of Jean-Michel Wilmotte for the Celestins Park. Serge Guinchard was stunned by their quality. It was the first time a car was referring to the context - in this case an italian theater. We have therefore relied on the creation, integrated designer, Yan Pennor's for the graphic identity and signage Lyon Parc Auto and contemporary artists associated with the design teams". In the same book, François Gindre said that ""it was during a dinner that Georges Verney-Carron convinced Serge Guinchard, eminent jurist, exceptional brain, quite atypical, but which does was not really a culture in contemporary art, that artists alone are not sufficient to change the image of parks and they had to design not as warehouses, but as public spaces in its own right. Basically, the order after dinner was up multidisciplinary teams architects-artists-designers to create a new generation of parks "". From the observation of Serge Guinchard during this dinner that almost all the proposed future parking were placed in front of a monument in Lyon (see the museum and the Saint-Pierre Hotel de Ville) or on a cultural site (see the place of Celestins) or history (see the old school health Lyon) and his request that we be creative and we're trying to leverage this fact arose the proposal of Mr. Georges Verney-Carron mount a triple operation art:
Honors.
Serge Guinchard has received the following honors for his studies and publications:
In addition he has received the following awards:
Publications.
Editor.
Serge Guinchard has edited or headed the editorial boards of the following publications:
Author.
The following books of which Guinchard is co-author, lead author, author or editor have been published in several updated editions and in some cases translated into other languages.

</doc>
<doc id="30973085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973085" title="Seo District, Gwangju">
Seo District, Gwangju

Seo District (Seo-gu) is a district, meaning west-district in Korean (Korean hanja), but situated in the center of the Gwangju city, South Korea. City Hall of the city and a convention center are famous landmarks in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="30973090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973090" title="Breast growth">
Breast growth

Breast growth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30973103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973103" title="State of Defence (Germany)">
State of Defence (Germany)

The term State of Defence (in German: Verteidigungsfall or V-Fall) refers to the legal status of the Federal Republic of Germany if it is ""under attack by armed force or imminently threatened with such an attack"". This special status, which was created by a constitutional amendment in 1968, gives the Federal Government extraordinary powers in the case of war. It is laid down in the articles 115a to 115l (Title Xa) of the German Constitution. As of 2014, Germany has never been in the State of Defence.
Declaration.
According to article 115a of the German Constitution, the State of Defence shall be declared if ""the federal territory the Federal Republic of Germany is under attack by armed force or imminently threatened with such an attack"".
The normal procedure is that, upon request of the Federal Government, the Bundestag determines that the conditions of the State of Defence exist. That means that the Bundestag does not actually declare the State of Defence; instead, it just decides whether it exists or not. (If e.g. a foreign army invaded Germany, the Bundestag would determine that this action is an ""attack by armed force"" as described in article 115a and that consequently Germany "is" in the State of Defence.) This determination by the Bundestag requires a two-third majority of the votes of those members of parliament present at that time (at least 50% of the MPs have to be present to reach a quorum). It also has to be approved by the Bundesrat with an absolute (i.e. more than 50%) majority of "all" of its members (which according to general Bundesrat protocol are given in bundled form by each Land).
If the Bundestag or the Bundesrat are not able to convene in time or not able to reach a quorum, the "Joint Committee" decides on their behalf.
If Germany is under attack by armed force and neither the Bundestag and the Bundesrat nor the Joint Committee are able to determine the State of Defence immediately, ""the determination shall be deemed to have been made and promulgated at the time the attack began"". (If, for example, an invasion started on January 4 at 4:17 a.m., Germany would be in the State of Defence from January 4, 4:17 a.m. on, and the government could react without having to wait for the consent of the parliament.)
Consequences.
Shifting of power of command.
According to article 115b GG, the Federal Chancellor becomes Commander-in-chief of the armed forces. (Normally, the Minister of Defence holds this post.)
Extension of federal legislative powers.
According to article 115c GG, the federation has extended legislative powers:
Additionally, the normal legislative procedure is replaced by a faster one:
Joint Committee.
The "Joint Committee" (Gemeinsamer Ausschuss) consists of members of the Bundestag and members of the Bundesrat. Two-thirds of the committee members are provided by the Bundestag and one third are provided by the Bundesrat. The committee members of the Bundestag are designated by the Bundestag ""in proportion to the relative strength of the various parliamentary groups"". Every state is represented by a Bundesrat member. The committee members of the Bundestag must not be members of the government, the committee members of the Bundesrat are ""not bound by instructions"" That means that the Joint Committee consists of 16 members of the Bundesrat (one for each state), and 32 members of the Bundestag (twice the number of Bundesrat members), giving it a total number of 48 members. The members of the Joint Committee and their deputies are already designated during peacetime.
The Joint Committee takes over the tasks of both the Bundestag "and" the Bundesrat if, during a state of defence, it determines, with a two-thirds majority of its vote, that either the Bundestag or the Bundesrat are not able to convene in time or are not able to reach a quorum. This majority must include at least a majority of all committee members (i.e. at least 25 members). This rule is important when not all committee members are available: If e.g. only 30 committee members could be reached, 20 votes would be a two-thirds majority; however, at least 25 votes would be required for the determination. If the Joint Committee is not able to reach full strength (48 members), the Bundestag (in case of missing or dead Bundestag committee members) and/or the state governments (in case of missing or dead Bundesrat committee members) designate new committee members.
The Joint Committee takes over any task normally dealt by the Bundestag and/or the Bundesrat. All decisions which would normally be made by the either the Bundestag, or the Bundesrat, or both of them, is made by the entire Joint Committee. However, there are some limitations to the power of the Joint Committee (when compared to Bundestag and Bundesrat):
The Joint Committee is based on the articles 53a "(Composition - Rules of procedure)" and 115e "(Joint Committee)" of the constitution, as well as on own rules of procedure.
Use of Federal Border Guard.
According to article 115f, paragraph (1), clause 1 GG, the Federal Government may employ the Federal Border Guard throughout the federal territory, i.e. everywhere in Germany.
When the Emergency Acts were passed, the Federal Border Guard was a paramilitary police force responsible only for the protection of West Germany's external land and sea borders. Over the decades, however, the role of the Federal Border Guard, and even its name, changed - today the Federal Police is also responsible for the security of the railway network, provides airport security and protects federal buildings. But as the entire title Xa was never changed after it had been passed in 1968, the term "Federal Border Guard" is still used in the constitution.
Extended powers of instruction.
According to article 115f, paragraph (1), clause 2 GG, the Federal Government may issue instructions to state governments and state authorities. (Normally, state governments act on their own and state authorities receive their orders only from the state government).
Extended electoral terms.
According to article 115h GG, electoral terms that would expire during the state of defence are extended:
Conscription.
In 2011 the German Conscription Act was changed to abolish peacetime conscription. Effective from July 1 conscripts may only be drafted during the state of tension or state of defence.
Termination.
According to article 115l GG, the state of defence ends when it is declared terminated by the Bundestag. The Bundestag declares the state of defence to be terminated, "if the conditions for determining it no longer exist", e.g. after a peace treaty has been signed.

</doc>
<doc id="30973119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973119" title="Matías Porcari">
Matías Porcari

Matías Sebastián Porcari (born April 12, 1986 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer playing for Juventud in the Uruguayan Primera División.
He last played with Uruguayan Club Atlético Progreso.

</doc>
<doc id="30973120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973120" title="Meiser Drug Store">
Meiser Drug Store

Meiser Drug Store is an historic building located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was built in 1888 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973121" title="Barry Jones (boxer)">
Barry Jones (boxer)

Barry Jones (born 3 May 1974) is Welsh former boxer. He won the WBO super featherweight championship in 1997, but lost the title when his license was revoked by the British Boxing Board of Control after an anomaly was discovered during a brain scan.
Boxing career.
Jones began boxing at the age of ten, during which he trained at Ray Thorogood's Highfields gym. He was a junior fighter of note, claiming a silver medal at European level as well as competing in the World Amateur Boxing Championships. He turned professional in 1992 at the age of eighteen, and was trained by former British welterweight champion Pat Thomas.
Jones' first four professional fights were all held in his home city of Cardiff and all set for six rounds. Jones beat emerging fighter Con McMullen, before a victory over journeyman Miguel Matthews followed by wins over Mike Deveney and Greg Upton. He followed these fights with his first professional bouts outside Wales, beating first Colin MacAuley in Solihull in April 1993, then a points victory over John White in an undercard fight in the build up to the Chris Eubank vs. Nigel Benn encounter at the Old Trafford Stadium in October. In November 1993 he fought twice, beating Neil Swain at Ystrad Mynach and then Peter Buckley in Cardiff. He finished the year with another points victory, against Midlands fighter Elvis Parsley.
In January 1994 Jones beat Peter Buckley in Cardiff, his tenth straight professional win. This was followed when he was again undercard, against Kelton McKenzie, to another World Title bout, Eubanks WBO super middleweight win over Sam Storey. Jones had three fights in 1995; the first on the 25 May was his first ten round bout, a points win over Justin Murphy in an eliminator for the British featherweight title. He completed the year with victories over Chris Jickells and Peter Buckley.
Personal problems forced Jones to take a year out, working in Ireland. His return on 30 November 1996 saw him harshly awarded a draw against fellow Cardiff boxer, David Morris. Despite this, fight promoter Frank Warren managed to set up a match with the IBF Inter-Continental super featherweight champion Peter Judson. Fought at the Hillsborough Leisure Centre in Sheffield, the fight went the full distance of twelve rounds, Jones taking the title on points. He then successfully defended the title against Frenchman Affif Djelti.
Warren then secured Jones a challenge for the vacant WBO super featherweight title, against Columbian Wilson Palacio. The fight took place at the London Arena on 19 December 1997, and Jones took the title via unanimous decision (116-112, 118-110, 118-110). A lucrative defence was planned against talented French fighter Julien Lorcy, but a routine brain scan four months later revealed an anomaly. There was a small gap in his membrane, which doctors were unable to diagnose, whether as a boxer, this would increase his likelihood of brain damage. In the wake of fellow British boxer Michael Watson's brain injury in 1991, the British Boxing Board of Control were sensitive to any risk and suspended Jones while they investigated further. It took seven months of discussion to finally assure the board that there was no undue cause for concern, and although his license was restored the WBO had already stripped Jones of his title. The WBO promised Jones another attempt at the title when he returned, but by the time he was fit the title was held by the heavy hitting Brazilian Acelino Freitas.
Jones and Freitas met on 15 January 2000, with Jones having fought professionally just once since his return. Jones had never won via knockout, so it was a surprise when he put the champion down in the first few seconds of the first round. This, however, turned out to be only a small moment of supremacy before Freitas went on to dominate the rest of the match; Jones was knocked down six times and his corner threw in the towel in the eighth round. He never fought professionally again and currently works as a commentator for the TV channel BoxNation.

</doc>
<doc id="30973126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973126" title="Instruments played by the Rolling Stones">
Instruments played by the Rolling Stones

The Rolling Stones had a start to their Rock and Roll that was not dissimilar to The Beatles, but The Stones had a different, more bluesy approach to their music. This was displayed in their instruments. But as their musical abilities grew they did not stray too far from the classic; two guitars, bass and drums with the vocals on top but as time went on they refined their sound and used more instruments, but never went so far as to completely throw out the conventional setup, except in the Satanic Majesties time.
Keith Richards.
Keith, early on, used a Harmony H72 Meteor, this can be seen on a video from a British Pop show where they played in 1964. Also he used an Epiphone Casino around the time after he gave the Harmony to somebody. Just after the Stones became successful in the States he acquired a Gibson Firebird and He and Brian played these on an American TV spot. Soon after he acquired a 1959 Les Paul with a Bigsby Tremolo system. He used this on tours until 1966 when he started using a Les Paul Custom instead. It's been said that Kieth inspired people like Eric Clapton, and Jimmy Page to start to use Les Pauls, but these are just rumors. His Les Paul are heard on tracks like "Satisfaction" and "The Last Time." The Les Paul was also Rumored to have been lent to Eric Clapton before he got his own.
After his Les Paul went by the wayside, he began to favor Fender Telecaster and a Les Paul custom, the three pickup model.
When the Stones began on the 1969 tour with Mick Taylor, Keith had acquired an Ampeg Dan Armstrong model and he used this during the live recording of "Get Yer Ya Yas Out". After the 1969 tour it occasionally seen in shows since, it mainly being replaced by Keith's signature instrument the Telecaster. Keith began using a Telecaster sparingly in 1967 but after 1970 was almost the only guitar he used on tour. The Tele he loved the most was the HS design with one Hum-bucking pickup and one single coil. He used several variations on tours and in the studio but mostly the Telecaster deluxe and a so-called "Hot Rod" Tele. The Deluxe was used mostly on the Exile On Main Street tours and was used in a Fender advertisement showing Keith play it because it was not a popular model. The "Hot Rod" Tele was used on the "Love You Live" album in the songs with Open G tuning. 
In more modern times i.e. after 1980 he has moved to more guitars of a wide variety on stage, such things like a Les Paul Jr. and ES-335, and more.
Brian Jones.
Guitars.
Brian used a Harmony Stratotone in the early days of the Stones playing the Blues clubs, but he soon replaced that with a Gretsch Double anniversary in two tone green. He used this up until 1965 when he started to use the guitar that he is most known for, a Vox Prototype Mark IV or "Teardrop" guitar. This guitar is now very synonyms with Brian even though it has been played by others since then like David Bowie. Also for a short period he used a Firebird. It has also been noted that he used a Gretsch White Falcon as seen in some pictures from a 1966 tour. He has been photographed in the studio using a Les Paul, Rickenbacker 360/12, and a Fender Telecaster and many more. He pretty much played every kind of guitar there was in the studio but on tour he pretty much used what is shown above.
Other Instruments.
Brian Jones was one of the most gifted multi-instrumentalist that popular music has ever seen. He was the main force behind many of the musical innovations that the Stones made.
Brian played the harmonica in the early clubbing days and also played piano and slide guitar. When he played the guitar in standard tuning he could play a very good Bo Diddley style of guitar. He has played a Sitar on "Street Fighting Man" and "Paint It Black." He played an organ on songs like, "2000 Man" and "Let's Spend the Night Together" He used a Marimba on "Under My Thumb", "Out Of Time," and "Yesterday's Papers"; A recorder on "Ruby Tuesday"; A Trumpet on "Child Of The Moon; An Appalachian Dulcimer on "I Am Waiting" and "Lady Jane" also on Lady Jane he used a Harpsichord. He has used an Oboe and Saxophone on "Dandelion"
and a Mellotron on "She's A Rainbow", "We Love You", "Stray Cat Blues", and "2000 Light Years From Home." On his final recordings for the Stones he used an Autoharp on "You've Got The Silver". 
Early on with the Stones he was a backup vocalist but before they got their first hit in America Keith had taken over that post.
Bill Wyman.
Bill Wyman had a very unusual taste in bass guitars if compared with modern musicians and ever musicians of the time. He also had an odd style of playing his bass. Most people have the strap across their chest, but Bill had it over one shoulder and held the neck close to his face. 
Bill used a Framus Star Bass in the early days all the way up to 1964 when he switched to a Vox "Teardrop" Bass but he still used his Framus. After 1967 he switched between a Fender Mustang Bass and a Dan Armstrong Bass and he used those up until he left the band in 1992 with the exception of a few other stragglers.
Charlie Watts.
Charlie is a man of simple needs, trained in jazz drumming he used a Hi-hat that he got when he was young and who's brand remains uncertain. The drums he used and uses to this day are Gretsch 1956-7 Round Badge with the dimensions: 22" Bass Drum, 16" Floor Tom, a 12" Tom and a 5-by-14-inch Snare Drum. Cymbals he is known to use include: an 18" UFIP Natural Series Fast China, a UFIP Rough Series China with rivets, a very old UFIP Flat Ride,and an Avedis Zildjian Swish.

</doc>
<doc id="30973137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973137" title="Castellano, Trentino">
Castellano, Trentino

Castellano () is a little village which is a frazione of the municipality of Villa Lagarina in Trentino. It was the most important village of the Feudo of Castellano and during the Austria-Hungary period was the site of the Comune di Castellano, abolished in 1929.
It is famous for its ancient castle (Castle of Castellano) which became very important under the Lodron and in World War I because it became an Austrian fortress. 
Not far from there is a little Lake, Lago di Cei, which was very much loved by Elisabeth of Bavaria.

</doc>
<doc id="30973170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973170" title="Miller Building (Davenport, Iowa)">
Miller Building (Davenport, Iowa)

The Miller Building was an historic building located in the central part of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Late Victorian-style building was torn down. A modern building housing a daycare center now occupies the property.

</doc>
<doc id="30973196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973196" title="José Rakoto">
José Rakoto

José Rakotoarisoa Harison, known as José Rakoto (born 11 December 1980) is a Malagasy rugby union player. He plays as a fly-half and as a fullback.
Harison first played in F.I.T.A.M.I.B.A., from 1997/98 to 1999/2000, moving then to XV Simpatiques, where he would play from 2000/01 to 2002/03. He then would represent 3F.B., one of the best teams of Madagascar, from 2003/04 to 2004/05. He won three National Championship titles during his three season first presence at 3F.B.. He then had the chance to move to France, playing for a season at Rugby Club Chateaurenard (2005/06), in the Fédérale 1. He returned to 3F.B. for 2006/07, where he's been playing since then. He won the National Championship titles for 2006/07 and 2007/08.
Harison is an international player for Madagascar since 2002. He was twice runners-up for the title of Africa Champions in 2005 and 2007. He played at the winning team at the 2012 Africa Cup, scoring two tries and six conversions at the 57-54 win over Namibia. 
He played in the 2007 Rugby World Cup and 2011 Rugby World Cup qualifyings. He is the top scorer for his National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="30973201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973201" title="John M. Bacon">
John M. Bacon

Brigadier General John Mosby Bacon (1844 - 1913) was an American general of the United States Volunteers. He fought in the Battle of Sugar Point, October 5, 1898.
Biography.
Bacon began his military career as a volunteer serving with the 4th Kentucky Cavalry during the American Civil War, and reached the rank of major. In 1866 he was appointed captain with the Ninth Cavalry. He was twice brevetted, once for "meritorious service" at the Battle of Resaca (May 1864), and once more for "gallant service in Texas Indian campaigns." From September 9, 1890, until November 17, 1894, Bacon, then a major with the Seventh Cavalry, was an acting inspector-general.
Battle of Sugar Point.
In 1898, General Bacon was stationed in Saint Paul, Minnesota, as the commanding officer of the Department of the Dakotas; he had carte blanche to deal with Indian troubles as he saw fit. In addition to the 3rd US Infantry Regiment, he also had cavalry troops nearby. 
In September 1898, responding to reports of an imminent outbreak of unrest among the Pillager Band of Chippewa Indians, General Bacon sent twenty men to Lake Leech, Minnesota. He followed by rail with 80 enlisted men of the 3rd United States Infantry. Bacon and his men landed on Bear Island on October 5 at 5 am; according to the general, a gun fired by accident prompted hostilities at 11:30 am. Early reports published in the media the next day said that a massacre had occurred and that Bacon was among the dead; a headline in "The Deseret News" stated that "General Bacon and One Hundred Soldiers Reported Killed." Those news accounts were inaccurate. Later in the day on October 6, news reports stated that Bacon's command was deemed "probably safe," and on October 7 "The New York Times" reported that Bacon and most of his men were safe at Walker, Minnesota. The "Times" account said that Bacon reported that "he has the Pillager band whipped, and that there is no need for further reinforcements." Still, "The Washington Observer" reported as late as October 10 that Bacon had been killed, with his men, in a massacre. In reality, the event was a major defeat for the U.S. Army, but only one officer and six men were killed. 
Despite his earlier insistence that reinforcements were not necessary, on October 11 Bacon asked for troops to be sent from the 4th and 7th Infantry, and warned the Indians that thousands of men would follow them unless they surrendered those who were wanted by the federal government. At the end of the month, Company G of the Third Regiment established Camp Bacon in Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="30973216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973216" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1608">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1608

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1608, adopted unanimously on 22 June 2005, after recalling resolutions 1542 (2004) and 1576 (2004) on the situation in Haiti, the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Stabilisation Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH) until 15 February 2006 and increased its strength.
Resolution.
Observations.
In the preamble of the resolution, the Council stressed the importance of holding elections in 2005, with a government taking office on 7 February 2006. All violations of human rights were condemned, and the transitional government called upon to end impunity and ensure that the rule of law was respected. The Council also noted the poverty in Haiti and called for the strengthening of the economy.
Acts.
Under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council extended the mandate of MINUSTAH and an increase in its strength. It supported the recommendations of the Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the creation of a 750-strong rapid reaction force, 50 personnel for the headquarters in the capital Port-au-Prince, 275 personnel for the police component in addition to troops already authorised and a review of the justice system. For a temporary period, MINUSTAH would consist of 7,500 military and 1,897 police personnel. 
The remainder of the resolution called for further reforms, addressed international assistance, and co-operation between MINUSTAH and the Haitian transitional government. Continuous reports on the situation in Haiti by the Secretary-General were also requested by the Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973236" title="Finley Guy Building">
Finley Guy Building

Finley Guy Building is an historic building located in central Davenport, Iowa, United States. The Spanish Colonial Revival structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="30973273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973273" title="Harry Greenspun">
Harry Greenspun

Harry Greenspun, MD, is a physician-executive and co-author of the best-selling book, “Reengineering Healthcare: A Manifesto for Radically Rethinking Health Care Delivery” with Jim Champy Currently he serves as the Senior Advisor, Health Care Transformation & Technology at the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions
As a thought-leader on health information technology Greenspun promotes the use of health IT on a global scale. He serves on the World Economic Forum’s Global Health Advisory Board, was chairman of the HIMSS Government Relations Roundtable, and is a co-chair of the HIMSS task force that created the white paper, “Enabling Healthcare Reform Using Information Technology”. He has also made recommendations to the Obama administration and Congress on the importance of health IT investment.
Before joining Dell, Greenspun served as Chief Medical Officer for Northrop Grumman Corporation and provided subject matter expertise, thought leadership, and strategic direction for the company. He is an educator and consultant, sharing his expertise and experience for many organizations including the Advisory Board Company. He also sits on boards for Tufts University, George Mason University, Deloitte and BNA.
In 2010, Modern Healthcare magazine named Dr. Greenspun one of the "50 Most Powerful Physician Executives in Healthcare."
Dr. Greenspun received his bachelor’s degree from Harvard University and his medical degree from the University of Maryland. He completed his residency and fellowship at Johns Hopkins Hospital, where he served as chief resident in the Department of Anesthesiology and Critical Care Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="30973275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973275" title="Beam Farm Woodland Archaeological District">
Beam Farm Woodland Archaeological District

The Beam Farm Woodland Archaeological District is a group of archaeological sites in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located at 3983 Stone Road near the village of Sabina in Clinton County, the district is composed of one Native American mound and two other archaeological sites spread out over an area of . Known as the Beam Farm Mound and the Beam Sites 9 and 12 (designated 33-CN-194, 33-CN-195, and 33-CN-208 respectively), the sites that compose the district have yielded artifacts from the Adena culture and the Hopewell tradition, both of which inhabited southwestern Ohio during the Woodland period. Because both the Adena and the Hopewell lived around the mound, and because both cultures built mounds, the identity of the people who constructed the Beam Farm Mound cannot be established; all that can be known with reasonable certainty is that it was raised during the early or middle portion of the Woodland period, or between 800 BC and AD 500.
Although small, the Beam Farm Mound is significant as a well-preserved relic of Native American prehistory. The Beam family, which owns the property on which the district is located, has never permitted any excavation of the mound; while this has prevented conclusive identification of its builders, they have ensured that the mound remains undisturbed and pristine in the fields above the Anderson Fork. The owners and the Ohio Historical Society cooperated to place a historical marker at the site in 2001. Because of the archaeological value of the mound and the other sites, they were declared a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. It joined four other Clinton County sites that were already on the Register: the Cowan Creek Circular Enclosure and the Keiter, Hurley, and Hillside Haven Mounds.

</doc>
<doc id="30973276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973276" title="Karl Johan Baadsvik">
Karl Johan Baadsvik

Karl Johan Baadsvik (22 August 1910 – 5 October 1995) was a Canadian skier, born in Hitra, Norway. He competed in ski jumping, cross country skiing, Nordic combined and alpine skiing at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.

</doc>
<doc id="30973295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973295" title="1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 4 × 100 metres relay">
1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 4 × 100 metres relay

These are the results of the women's 4 × 100 metres relay event at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Results.
Heats.
Qualification: First 3 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30973296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973296" title="Staten Island Ferry Whitehall Terminal">
Staten Island Ferry Whitehall Terminal

Whitehall Terminal (4 South St. and Whitehall St., New York City) is the terminal in the South Ferry area of Lower Manhattan used by the Staten Island Ferry, which connects the two island boroughs of Manhattan and Staten Island. It was completely renovated and rededicated in February 2005 as a major integrated transportation hub for the ferry, buses, subways, taxis, and bicycle lanes.
The ferry travels between the Whitehall Terminal in Manhattan and the St. George Terminal in Staten Island.
Overview.
The renovated terminal was designed by New York architect Frederic Schwartz. In Lower Manhattan, it included a new plaza, named after Peter Minuit. The terminal, which is open 24 hours a day, accommodates over 100,000 tourists and commuters daily. It includes access to taxis, subways (through the new South Ferry – Whitehall Street station complex and via the South Ferry loop station), and buses; through the Terminal and Minuit Plaza, access to bicycle lanes and other water transport are also available.
Described as "an elegant addition to city's architecture," a "Newsday" writer called it a transit hub that is so beautiful that it has become a destination in its own right: with "the panorama of lower Manhattan from the top of the escalators, the vast windows framing the Statue of Liberty, the upstairs deck with views of the harbor -- these are reasons to take shelter here for a little longer than the ferry schedule makes strictly necessary." 
Multi-use.
Designed to employ a state-of-the-art heating and air conditioning system, partially powered by solar panels, the terminal includes a total floor area of , including—in addition to the waiting room—6,000 square feet for retailer use, and of office space. There is an additional of space to support needs linked to ferry operations and ancillary support.
In addition to the many retail shops that now can be found at the terminal, GrowNYC, a New York non-profit organization, operates its only indoor farmers market ("Greenmarket") within the terminal.
Whitehall Crossing.
As part of the "Percent for Art" initiative, the city's Department of Cultural Affairs purchased and installed sculptured granite benches created by artist Ming Fay, entitled "Whitehall Crossing," in the waiting room. They were crafted to symbolize Indian canoes crossing New York Bay, and include a series of twenty-eight granite benches divided into three serpentine rows, suggesting the carved seats of a "floating, organic form over a water theme terrazzo floor." "As a functional art piece, Whitehall Crossing is almost invisible because it invites viewers to engage in, and thereby become part of, the design while sitting in the benches."
Ming Fay, a Shanghaiese Chinese artist, notes that this art he created was "inspired by the Native American's early crossings with dug out canoes." He described his goals for the art as follows:
"In the Staten Island Ferry Terminal, I couldn't see putting an object in the space. I felt a functional statement would be appropriate. It is the imaginary journey before the real journey happens. In the lobby of this modern waiting room there are moments where the space is almost empty with people and then full again. The benches provide those moments of waiting with " invisible artwork" that is part of the space and act of public seating. I feel the experience of the space is about the thought of crossing over to the other side that goes back to the day when people had arrived at this point."
Peter Minuit Plaza.
In parallel with the construction of the new terminal, Peter Minuit Plaza was completely reconfigured to provide easy accommodation for pedestrians, buses, and taxes. 42 new trees were included in the redesign plan, along with public space for community activities, covered walkways from the terminal to Whitehall Terminal, a dedicated cab drop-off area and a new bus loop.
In addition to the part the plaza will play in terms of transportation, it will include the "New Amsterdam Plein & Pavilion" (a gift from the Kingdom of the Netherlands), an area to showcase art, design, and horticulture. This area is conceived as an "outdoor living room" where both scheduled and spontaneous activities can take place alongside public markets and a state of the art food and information pavilion. The Plein and Pavilion were designed by Dutch architect Ben van Berkel, and the major grant from the Netherlands which made it possible was given in honor of the celebration of New York's 400th anniversary, and in honor of "the enduring relationship between New York and Holland."
History.
The original Whitehall Terminal, called the "Whitehall Street Ferry Terminal," served Brooklyn, Governors Island, Staten Island, and Weehawken, for passengers who traveled mainly by a system of elevated trains (the "els"). However, as subways replaced the els, and cars began to travel through an increasing number of bridges and tunnels such as the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel, new terminal facilities were built at Whitehall with a primary purpose of serving the Staten Island Ferry. The ferry began operating under municipal authority of the Department of Docks and Ferries on October 25, 1905, approximately seven years after Staten Island officially became part of New York City. The "Municipal Ferry Terminal" was erected 1908-1909, during the administration of Mayor George McClellan, and designed by the architectural firm of Walker and Morris.
Before that, ferry service was provided as early as the 1700s by individuals (and later private companies) with their own boats, but a ferry accident June 14, 1901, involving two ferries from different companies, was a major factor in the decision for the city to take control of ferries as part of the public transportation system.
The older Whitehall Terminal was purely functional, described as a "squat, washed-out green hulk in which function vanquished form," and was once referred to by the American Institute of Architects as "the world's most banal portal of joy." When that terminal was gutted in 1991 as a result of a major fire, the city saw the chance to replace it with a building in which it could take pride—but a fourteen-year period of design plan submissions, rejections, and changes, delayed construction again and again—in addition to the basic construction challenges inherent in the rebuilding of the terminal in a way which would cause little or no disruption to ferry service on the water or subway service underneath the construction site.
In 1992, the New York City Economic Development Corporation held an international competition for a replacement facility, and selected a design for the terminal from Venturi, Scott Brown and Associates. Other entrants included Rafael Vinoly, Aldo Rossi, Polshek Partners and SOM, but the winning design, featuring a barrel vaulted waiting room (that was higher than that at Grand Central Station), and what would have been the largest clock in the world, with a large, electronic facade facing the harbor' it was deemed by Staten Island civic authorities as architecturally unacceptable. 
The design ultimately accepted, produced by former Whitehall Architectural Design director Ronald Evitts and Fred Schwartz called for a structure to replace the existing building, with a high entry hall, and a waiting room that was 50-percent larger, with views of New York Harbor. Ultimately, a rooftop waterfront viewing deck was added, with a photovoltaic array on its canopy, a Percent for Art installation called "Slips" by Dennis Adams, and connections on either end to the waterfront esplanade on the east and west sides of Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="30973297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973297" title="Mesuji Regency">
Mesuji Regency

Mesuji Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 2,184 km² and a population of 187,286 people at the 2010 Census. The capital lies at Mesuji. 
History.
In November 2010, four people were killed in a cock fight bust-up in the village of Wirabinangun.

</doc>
<doc id="30973299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973299" title="Luciano Cardenali">
Luciano Cardenali

Luciano Cardenali (born 30 June 1986 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for León de Huánuco of the Peruvian First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="30973306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973306" title="ORT Israel">
ORT Israel

ORT Israel is a non-government organization devoted to education in Israel.
History.
ORT Israel was founded in 1949. The first ORT school was a high school in Jaffa which later moved to Yad Eliyahu, becoming ORT Singealovsky. Today ORT is the largest non-state network of schools in Israel. Until a few years ago ORT primarily operated trade and vocational schools. Now the focus is on the advancement of science and technology education.
In 2003, Israel was World ORT's largest sphere of operation, with 90,000 students enrolled in 159 schools, colleges and institutions. In 2006, ORT Israel broke away from World ORT, which continues to work in Israel as "Kadima Mada-Educating for Life". ORT Israel now raises funds in the United States through "Friends of Israel Sci-Tech Schools".Kadima Mada is investing NIS16 million to upgrade technology studies in 72 Jewish and non-Jewish schools in Israel.
Projects.
In 1996, World ORT launched the "Science through Technology" in Israeli junior high schools (grade 7–9). In the "Young Investigators" program for seventh graders, the students build LEGO models to explore scientific phenomenon. In "Galileo, Newton and Me" for eighth graders, LEGO is used to study systems. In the "Design your own world" program, ninth graders attempt to solve real-life problems using LEGO bricks and programming. 
In 2008, Kadima Mada embarked on a project to build high-tech classrooms, equipping 60 rooms on six campuses with Interactive Whiteboards, wireless Internet and other technological aids.

</doc>
<doc id="30973335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973335" title="John Ferguson (Ferguson bequest)">
John Ferguson (Ferguson bequest)

John Ferguson (1787–1856), was a Scottish businessman and philanthropist. He was the founder of the Ferguson bequest.
Ferguson was born at Irvine, Ayrshire, 28 February 1787. His father, William Ferguson, was a shipmaster of that port, and his mother, Mary, was the only daughter of John Service of Holms of Caaf, a small property near Dalry, Ayrshire. The Services were an Ayrshire family, some of whom had been lenders of money. The father of Mary Service followed this profession, and was a man of penurious habits and peevish temper. His sons one after another left him for America, where they were under the shelter of an uncle. Ferguson was educated at Ayr, was for some time in a banker's office, went to America in connection with the affairs of one of his uncles, returned after four years, and in 1810 settled with his mother at Irvine. She succeeded to large sums on the death of her brother George and then of her father. The fortune of the Fergusons was increased by the death in 1828 of another uncle, who left 200,000l., and of a third who died in 1842 and left 400,000l. These brothers seem to have had no aim in life but to amass money.
Ferguson, by his sagacity and knowledge of the money market, increased the fortune, till at his death it amounted to 1,247,514l. 14s. 5d. He was a man of somewhat ordinary character, undecided, was never married, and for the last few years of his life lived in comparative seclusion. After consulting with Mr. John Henderson of Park, a well-known merchant of Glasgow, who was his intimate friend and acted as his private banker, and Mr. Matthew Montgomery of Kelvinside, he devoted the residue of his property, after providing for family legacies and making other provisions, to the objects of what is known as the Ferguson Bequest Fund. The sum available for it was no less than 400,000l. The trustees were instructed to devote the interest ‘towards the maintenance and promotion of religious ordinances and education and missionary operations; in the first instance in the county of Ayr, stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and counties of Wigton, Lanark, Renfrew, and Dumbarton.’ This was to be done by means of payments for the erection and support of churches and schools, other than parish churches and schools, in connection with the quoad sacra churches of the established Church of Scotland, the Free Church, the United Presbyterian Church, the Reformed Presbyterian Church, and the congregational or independent church, all in Scotland.
The administration of this fund was committed to a permanent body of trustees, of whom three were to be of the established church, four of the free, four of the united presbyterian, one of the reformed presbyterian, and one of the independent church. Among the purposes to which the Ferguson trustees devoted another part of Ferguson's estate was the founding of scholarships in connection with the Scottish universities. These are six in number, of the annual value of 80l. each, tenable for two years—one for classical, another for mathematical, and the third for philosophical eminence. The scholarships may be competed for by students of any of the Scottish universities who have taken the degree of M.A., or have qualified for that degree within the two years preceding. The administration of the fund is conducted by the permanent trustees under the superintendency of Matthew S. Tait, by whom an annual report is prepared and submitted to the trustees.
Ferguson signed his will at Glasgow on 22 September 1855, and soon after his health began to fail. It is said that after this he got a friend to make up a statement of his property, and when the amount was stated at nearly a million and a quarter he could not believe it to be so much. He died on 8 January 1856, having nearly completed his sixty-ninth year.

</doc>
<doc id="30973341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973341" title="Sandor Gombay">
Sandor Gombay

Sandor Gombay (born 22 October 1938) is a Swiss fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973343" title="Pesawaran Regency">
Pesawaran Regency

Pesawaran Regency is a regency of Lampung, Sumatra, Indonesia. The capital lies at Gedong Tataan, it was formerly part of South Lampung Regency until 2007.
History.
In September 2010, a number of people in Umbul Baru were rushed to a community health center after consuming water poisoned by industrial waste which was allegedly dumped in the Cikantor River by the gold mining company PT Napal Umbar Picung (NUP).
Administrative divisions.
It is divided administratively into 7 districts ("kecamatan"):

</doc>
<doc id="30973350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973350" title="Rudolph H. Sitz Building">
Rudolph H. Sitz Building

Rudolph H. Sitz Building is an historic building located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States. The Spanish Colonial Revival style building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="30973355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973355" title="Bab al-Azizia">
Bab al-Azizia

Bab al-Azizia ( "", Libyan pronunciation: ) "The Splendid Gate" is a military barracks and compound, situated in the southern suburbs of Tripoli, the capital of Libya. It served as the main base for the Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi until its capture by anti-Gaddafi forces on 23 August 2011, during the Battle of Tripoli in the Libyan civil war.
The base is strategically located south of Tripoli City Centre at the northern end of Airport Highway, allowing easy access to government assets within the city, as well as direct high-speed road access to Tripoli International Airport. After the Libyan civil war, the compound was partially demolished. Some parts of it remain today, albeit in disrepair. The plan, however, is to eventually demolish the entire compound and turn it into a park.
Structure.
The original compound was built by King Idris, the previous ruler of Libya. Gaddafi reinforced and expanded the compound in the 1980s with the help of foreign contractors. It was surrounded by three concrete walls each with slits for weapons. The walls were estimated to be four-meters high and one meter thick with complicated gate structures. Inside, there were fields with trees, access to water, Gaddafi’s private residence, and a number of military barracks used by troops led by Gaddafi's sons. Also on the property there was a mosque, a football pitch, a swimming pool, communications center and other administrative structures with roadways. The interior walls were lower and surrounded a more secure area with guards and metal detectors.
The buildings were connected by extensive networks of underground tunnels that lead to adjoining districts and possibly stretched to the coast of the Mediterranean Sea, which is , and elsewhere in the city of Tripoli. Gaddafi lived in a Bedouin-style air conditioned tent on the grounds, which he occasionally pitched in cities he visited. In 2009, he attempted to camp in Central Park. On a visit to Russia, the tent was pitched in a garden at the Kremlin.
Within the barracks there were facilities for banquets and other public events like pro-Gaddafi rallies. It was described by US intelligence reports published via WikiLeaks as "not lavish in any way compared with the ostentation of the Gulf-oil-state families or Hariri clan Lebanon."
History.
1986 bombing of Libya.
The site was the main target of the 15 April 1986 United States bombing of Libya, authorised by U.S. President Ronald Reagan, in response to the 1986 Berlin discotheque bombing by the Libyan government. 
Forewarned by both Maltese Prime Minister Karmenu Mifsud Bonnici and Italian Prime Minister Bettino Craxi that unauthorized aircraft were flying over Maltese airspace heading south towards Tripoli, Gaddafi and his family rushed out of their residence in the compound moments before the bombs dropped from thirteen U.S. Air Force planes. Gaddafi escaped injury, but he claimed his fifteen-month-old adopted daughter Hanna was killed and that two of his sons were injured. These claims have been disputed. After the capture of Bab al-Azizia in August 2011, documents were found proving Hanna was still alive, including her passport, and documents which show Hanna became a doctor and worked in Tripoli.
Damaged and hence unused for a period of time, official state receptions moved to the main military barracks buildings for a period, before the Gaddafi family reoccupied their section of the compound.
To express defiance over the bombing, a monument was erected at the compound depicting a left-handed fist crushing a U.S. fighter jet. Gaddafi used this monument as a backdrop for speeches given during the uprising and civil war in February and March 2011.
2011 bombings, rebel capture, and demolition.
The compound became a target once more when the Libyan civil war broke out in 2011. In March of that year, an international coalition led by NATO launched a limited military intervention in the conflict, bombing loyalist military units and command-and-control centres. Bab al-Azizia was identified as one such centre, and was bombed repeatedly throughout the war.
In August, at the height of the Battle of Tripoli, Bab al-Azizia became one of the last strongholds of loyalist forces in the capital, along with the Rixos Al Nasr hotel. However on 23 August, the compound's guards surrendered and it was captured by rebel forces. Fighters vandalised a statue of Gaddafi as well as the iconic sculpture of a fist crushing a U.S. fighter jet, which had been commissioned by Gaddafi after the 1986 bombing, and one rebel was filmed by Sky News wearing several items of clothing he had taken from Gaddafi's bedroom. Despite previous reports that Gaddafi and his family may be inside the compound, they were nowhere to be seen upon its capture; it was later discovered that they had fled to Sirte.
The compound was opened to the public, and its condition gradually deteriorated as it was vandalised by anti-Gaddafi protesters. It became a tourist attraction, and in early October Tripoli's Friday market moved into the compound. On 17 October, bulldozers began to demolish the outer walls, but stopped short of levelling the entire compound. As of February 2012, many buildings had been reduced to rubble and what survived of the compound was in a state of major disrepair. Al Arabiya reported that several families had set up makeshift homes in the former compound due to high living costs elsewhere. Although no plans have been solidified, there are proposals for the new government to complete the demolition of the compound and build a park on its land.

</doc>
<doc id="30973359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973359" title="Jim Woods (baseball)">
Jim Woods (baseball)

James Jerome Woods (born September 17, 1939), nicknamed "Woody", is a retired American professional baseball player. He played parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball, primarily as a third baseman. He threw and batted right-handed and during his playing career was measured at tall and .
Woods' eight-year (1957–64) professional career included parts of three seasons with the Chicago Cubs (1957) and Philadelphia Phillies (1960–61), but he spent portions or all of those eight seasons toiling in minor league baseball. In the majors, he appeared in 36 games, collecting 17 hits, including three doubles and three home runs.
Woods was included in a notable trade between the Cubs and Phillies on January 11, 1960, when he was packaged with veteran shortstop Alvin Dark and pitcher John Buzhardt in a trade for the Phillies' veteran center fielder (and future Hall of Famer) Richie Ashburn.

</doc>
<doc id="30973370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973370" title="Janos Mohoss">
Janos Mohoss

Janos Mohoss (born 21 June 1936) is a Swiss fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973390" title="Enchanters">
Enchanters

Enchanters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30973393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973393" title="Puntland Intelligence Agency">
Puntland Intelligence Agency

The Puntland Intelligence Agency (, ) is an intelligence agency based in Puntland, Somalia. It was officially established in 2001 as Puntland Intelligence Service during the rule of President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed, with assistance from the United States. The agency operates throughout Somalia, but principally in the autonomous Puntland region, where it serves as the main intelligence and counter-terrorism wing of the Puntland Security Force.
The agency took the name Puntland Intelligence Agency in 2010 after undergoing extensive reform to streamline it to work side by side with other government agencies across Somalia. These reforms were instituted by former Puntland President Abdirahman Farole.
Contemporary history.
Then known as Puntland Intelligence Service, the PIS was founded in 2001 with help from the United States Intelligence Community to act as a buffer against possible Islamist movements. Its responsibilities include surveillance, investigation and arrest of suspected terrorists; monitoring of ports and airports; protection of foreigners.
It has led the fight against Al-Qaeda in Galgala, Puntland known as the Galgala Campaign. On February 26th 2012, the self-proclaimed leader of the Galgala militants reaffirmed their allegiance with Al-Qaeda. The Puntland Intelligence Agency is trained and supported by US counter-terrorism agencies via their branches in Djibouti and is currently the strongest armed wing of Puntland's security apparatus.

</doc>
<doc id="30973397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973397" title="Werthman Grocery">
Werthman Grocery

Werthman Grocery is an historic building located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was built in 1900 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The building now houses a barber shop. 

</doc>
<doc id="30973398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973398" title="Istvan Kulcsar">
Istvan Kulcsar

Istvan Kulcsar (born 13 September 1936) is a Swiss fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30973411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30973411" title="Dark stain">
Dark stain

A dark stain is often associated with fossils of the Burgess Shale, representing decay fluids that were squashed out of the organism during the taphonomic process.
Occurrence.
It is most famously known in (and most commonly associated with) "Marrella", and is also known in other organisms: for example, "Aysheaia", where it protrudes from the anterior (and in one case posterior) end of the animal; "Hallucigenia", "Naraoia", and "Alalcomeneaus". It is also present in other Lagerstätten, for example in Carboniferous crustacea from Ireland.
Formation.
The formation of this stain is the subject of ongoing research. It was originally speculated that it represented body contents forced out by the pressure of overlying rocks, although decay contents would form more quickly and thus be a more likely interpretation. This is supported by their presence around organisms whose external wall apparently ruptured; dark stains are also found in Carboniferous fish, and oily liquids have been seen to ooze out of the mouths and anuses of decaying seals. A high abundance of elemental copper has been taken to suggest that it represents "blood" (i.e. the haemocoel of arthropods and molluscs). Although copper was not analyzed in the canonical work on Elemental Mapping of Burgess Shale organisms, the dark stain was higher in Si and lower in Al and K than elsewhere.

</doc>
