<doc id="30959957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959957" title="Ordan Petlevski">
Ordan Petlevski

Ordan Petlevski (24 January 1930 in Prilep - 22 January 1997 in Zagreb) was a prominent artist working in the media of painting, drawing, graphic arts and illustration.
Education and Career.
In the early 1950s, Petlevski came to study in Zagreb, where he remained for the rest of his life. In 1955, he graduated from the Academy of Applied Arts; then from 1955 to 1960, he was an associate of the Master workshop. In the early phase of his career (1954–1957), he painted stylized human figures, which he later replaced with surrealism, and later still with his own version of the informal art style with organic art forms.
Exhibitions and Awards.
He exhibited at many solo shows in Zagreb, Belgrade, Skopje, Sarajevo and Paris, and participated in over 200 international exhibitions:
He received numerous awards, including:
Artist Style.
His first works were based on his tradition and his own world view while reflecting his personality and held a somewhat morbid tone. His later works combined abstract expression with organic and biological expression. They bordered the real and unreal. Even with the explosion of colors and shapes, he still maintained a morbid tone.

</doc>
<doc id="30959966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959966" title="2011–12 Nashville Predators season">
2011–12 Nashville Predators season

The 2011–12 Nashville Predators season was the club's 14th season in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Off-season.
On June 22, 2011, the Predators revealed a new team logo, secondary logo and wordmarks. The Predators new away jerseys were unveiled at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft and their new home jerseys were unveiled at an event on July 13.
Regular season.
In November 2011 it was announced that W. Brett Wilson had purchased a 5% interest in the Nashville Predators.
The Predators were involved in some controversy when it was announced that Alexander Radulov would make his return to the Predators after leaving for the KHL in 2008. Radulov, still in his final year of his entry-level contract with the Predators, did not need to clear waivers to return to the Predators.
The Predators finished the season with the League's best power-play percentage, at 21.60% (54 for 250).
Playoffs.
The Predators ended the 2011–12 regular season as the Western Conference's 4th seed. They defeated the #5 seed Detroit Red Wings in the first round series, 4–1. The Predators lost in the second round to the Phoenix Coyotes. During the series versus the Coyotes, Radulov and Andrei Kostitsyn were suspended by the team for being seen in a bar, breaking curfew.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Predators. Stats reflect time with the Predators only.
‡Traded mid-season
Bold/italics denotes franchise record
Final roster.
Updated June 2, 2012.<br>
Transactions.
The Predators have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Draft picks.
Nashville's picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft in St. Paul, Minnesota. 

</doc>
<doc id="30959967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959967" title="Lintneria aurigutta">
Lintneria aurigutta

Lintneria aurigutta is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru, Bolivia and Argentina.
The wingspan is 52-58 mm. There are at least two generations per year with adults on wing in March and again in December.
The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as "Salvia"), Hydrophylloideae (such as "Wigandia") and Verbenaceae species (such as "Lantana").

</doc>
<doc id="30960004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960004" title="Anand Institute of Higher Technology">
Anand Institute of Higher Technology

Anand Institute of Higher Technology (ஆனந்த் இன்ஸ்டிடூட் ஆப் ஹையர் டெக்னாலஜி ) is a College of Engineering that is located in Kelambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.
Anand Institute Of Higher Technology was founded by T.Kalasalingam. It is a sister institution of Kalasalingam University, Krishnankovil. The Institute is named after the wife of T. Kalasalingam, Mrs. K. Anandham Ammal. There are six departments, providing the courses of Bachelor of Engineering and in 2012-2013, Anand School of Architecture was found. Hostel facilities are given separately for boys and girls. The transport facility must be availed which would be provided with the available 40 buses, reaching almost all the areas of Chennai. 
The college has a Main Auditorium with a capacity of 1500 people and a mini auditorium, with 150 seats. Both Auditoriums are air - conditioned. 
The most superior of all departments in this college is the department of mechanical and Electronics and Communication Engineering (ECE). 

</doc>
<doc id="30960011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960011" title="Olaf of Mann and the Isles">
Olaf of Mann and the Isles

Olaf of Mann and the Isles or Olaf of the Isle of Man may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30960022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960022" title="Shortlands (constituency)">
Shortlands (constituency)

Shortlands is a parliamentary constituency electing one representative to the National Parliament of Solomon Islands. It had a registered electorate of 2,556 in 2006. It is one of eight constituencies in Western Province and (as its name indicates) covers the Shortland Islands. 
The constituency was one of the thirty-eight original constituencies established for the First Parliament elected in 1976. Its first MP was Remesion Eresi.
Results in 2010.
In the general election on August 4, 2010, there were seven candidates for the seat, including incumbent MP Augustine Taneko and prior MP Albert Laore. The seat was won by independent candidate Steve Laore, who obtained 1,073 votes, and was thereby elected to Parliament for the first time.
Steve Laore died after collapsing suddenly on August 25, a mere three weeks after his election. A bye-election was held on March 30, 2011, and won by Laore's brother, Christopher Laore.
Members of Parliament by year.
The following MPs have represented Central Kwara'ae in the National Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="30960034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960034" title="Mustafa Abdul Jalil">
Mustafa Abdul Jalil

Mustafa Abdul Jalil or Abdul-Jalil (, also transcribed "Abdul-Jelil, Abd-al-Jalil", "Abdel-Jalil", "Abdeljalil" or "Abdu Al Jeleil") (born 1952) is a Libyan politician who was the Chairman of the National Transitional Council from 5 March 2011 until its dissolution on 8 August 2012. This position meant he was "de facto" head of state during a transitional period after the fall of Muammar Gaddafi's government in the Libyan civil war, and until the handover of power to the General National Congress.
Before the war, Abdul Jalil served as Minister of Justice (officially, the Secretary of the General People's Committee of Justice) under Colonel Muammar Gaddafi. He was noted in some news media for his stance against various human rights violations in Libya, although Diana West accused him of intransigence during the Bulgarian nurses affair.
Career.
After graduating from the department of Shari'a and Law in the Arabic Language and Islamic Studies faculty of University of Libya in 1975, Abdul Jalil was initially "assistant to the Secretary of the Public Prosecutor" in Bayda, before being appointed a judge in 1978.
Abdul Jalil was a judge "known for ruling consistently against the regime," before becoming justice minister in 2007. In January 2010 he attempted to resign on national television over the government's failure to release political prisoners. His resignation was rejected. He resigned on 21 February 2011 after being sent to Benghazi to negotiate the release of hostages taken by rebels, being the first senior official to do so.
In classified US diplomatic cables leaked by the website Wikileaks, he is described as open and cooperative. Following his resignation from Gaddafi's government in protest at its actions during the Libyan civil war, a bounty of 500,000 dinars, roughly 400,000 USD, was announced for his capture.
Stances noted in the media.
Pre-2011 protests.
In August 2010, a representative of Human Rights Watch praised the fact that Abdul Jalil had "reportedly taken a strong stance against arbitrary arrests and prolonged detention without trial", commenting that:
In a paper published in November 2010, Amnesty International stated similarly, that:
Human Rights Watch made the same observations in its submission to the 2010 Universal Periodic Review (UPR) of the United Nations Human Rights Council.
L'Express noted that before being named a minister of justice of Libya in 2007, he was the president of the Libyan Court of Appeal. The paper opined that Abdul Jalil was responsible for the "intransigence" of the court in confirming the death sentences in the "Bulgarian nurses" HIV trial under Gaddafi.
2011 protests and civil war.
During the Libyan civil war he was dispatched by Gaddafi's son to Benghazi to allegedly "negotiate the release of hostages taken by Islamists". On 21 February, the privately owned "Quryna" newspaper reported that he had resigned over "the excessive use of violence against anti-government protesters". On 22 February, he claimed in an interview with Swedish newspaper "Expressen" that he had proof Gaddafi had personally ordered the 1988 Lockerbie bombing. To date, he has not revealed this proof.
On 24 February, the BBC reported that, at a meeting of opposition politicians, former military officers and tribal leaders the eastern city of Bayda, Abdul Jalil said there would be no talks with the Libyan leader and called for him to step down immediately.
On 5 March, Reuters reported that Abdul Jalil claimed to have "official contacts with European and Arab (countries)" and that "some countries will announce their recognition" of the National Transitional Council "soon".
On 9 March, Abdul Jalil called for the imposition of a no-fly zone over Libya.
As the Battle of Tripoli tilted in favor of forces answering to the NTC, Abdul Jalil said on 24 August that democratic elections would be held in eight months. He also said that Gaddafi and his sons, once captured, would be tried in Libya prior to being sent to The Hague for trial at the International Criminal Court.
Efforts to form an interim government.
On 24 February, opposition politicians, former military officers, tribal leaders, academics and businessmen held a meeting in the eastern city of Bayda. The meeting was chaired by Abdul Jalil, who quit the government a few days before. The delegates stressed the importance of the national unity of Libya and stated that Tripoli is the capital city. They discussed proposals for interim administration with many delegates asking for UN intervention in Libya. The podium at the meeting displayed the pre-Gaddafi era flag of the Kingdom of Libya (1951–1969).
On 25 February, Al Jazeera reported that talks are taking place between "personalities from eastern and western Libya" to form an interim government for the post-Gaddafi era. On 26 February, it was reported that Abdul Jalil was leading the process of forming an interim government, to be based in Benghazi. Abdul Jalil stated that "Gaddafi alone bore responsibility for the crimes that have occurred" in Libya, he also insisted on the unity of Libya and that Tripoli is the capital. The efforts to form an alternative government have been supported by the Libyan ambassador in the United States, Ali Suleiman Aujali. The Libyan deputy ambassador to the United Nations, Ibrahim Dabbashi, has stated that he supported a new alternative government "in principle".
The members of the new interim government were to be announced on 27 February at a press conference in the city of Benghazi. Some of the portfolios were to be left vacant for representatives for areas that were still controlled by the Gaddafi-led government. The proposed interim government aims to remain in power for three months after which elections will be held. The new interim government is to include both civilians and persons from the military.
Abdul Jalil was stated to be the head of the National Transitional Council in the Council's founding statement of 5 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30960035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960035" title="Pennant, Powys">
Pennant, Powys

Pennant is a small village in Powys, Mid Wales located on the B4518 road between Llanbrynmair and Llanidloes.

</doc>
<doc id="30960042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960042" title="Hotarubi no Mori e">
Hotarubi no Mori e

A 44-minute anime film with the same title was produced in 2011 at the anime studio Brain's Base and directed by Takahiro Omori. The film starred Japanese voice actors Ayane Sakura and Kōki Uchiyama, and its soundtrack included music by Makoto Yoshimori. The film maintained a strong following for months in Japan after its opening on . The European premiere of "Hotarubi no Mori e" was on at the Scotland Loves Animation festival, where it won the Jury Prize. It was screened at the Leeds International Film Festival, Anime Contents Expo and Anime Expo convention, and also won the Animation Film Award at the 66th Annual Mainichi Film Awards.
The anime was released on Blu-ray Disc (BD) and DVD in Japan on . An additional story related to the original manga and anime film, titled , was released in a keepsake edition of the manga 12 days prior to the release of the anime. Both the keepsake edition manga and the limited edition BD ranked No. 13 on Japan's Oricon sales chart shortly after their release. Sakura reported experiencing a strong emotional reaction to the story while recording the voice of Hotaru, and Midorikawa acknowledged that the story had a positive impact on her career. Reviewers universally praised the anime film for its beauty, simplicity, and tenderness, likening it to the works of Hayao Miyazaki of Studio Ghibli and Makoto Shinkai. There were few criticisms, most commonly focusing on its short length.
Plot.
The original "Hotarubi no Mori e" "shōjo" manga and subsequent film tell the story of a six-year-old girl named Hotaru Takegawa, who gets lost in a forest inhabited by a "yamagami", or mountain spirit, as well as "yōkai" (strange apparitions from Japanese folklore). She is found by a mask-wearing, human-like entity named Gin, who informs Hotaru that he will disappear forever if he is touched by a human. Gin then leads Hotaru out of the forest. Hotaru returns to visit Gin in the forest over the next few days and they become friends despite the limitations on their interactions. Although at summer's end she must leave Gin to return to the city and her studies, Hotaru promises to return to visit him every summer holiday. As the years go by, Gin hardly ages while Hotaru physically matures and grows closer to his apparent age. Upon reaching adolescence Hotaru begins to struggle with their budding romance and their uncertain future together, while Gin wishes he could touch and hold the young woman that Hotaru has become. When Hotaru reaches high school, Gin takes her on a date to a festival in the forest hosted by the spirits. The night ends in tragedy when Gin mistakenly touches a young boy who sneaked into the spirit festival, though before he disappears, he and Hotaru embrace and confess their love for one another. The story ends with Hotaru accepting her pain and moving on with her life. The 2011 anime film adaptation of the story follows all of the events from the manga, adding only a few additional scenes.
, published in 2011, expands on the original story with a short episode told from Gin's perspective. When Hotaru is a teenager, she shares some pudding with Gin before she leaves at the end of the summer. After Hotaru leaves, the "yōkai" attempt to cheer Gin up by bringing him a couple persimmons, one of the most prized treats on the mountain. Impressed with the taste, Gin thinks of sharing one of these persimmons with Hotaru next year. After discussing ways to preserve the persimmon with the "yōkai" and a spirit named Matsumino, Gin sets off to find ice on the highest mountain peak, but is disappointed to find none during the summer. When Gin returns scratched up from his fruitless search for ice, Matsumino feels sorry for him and offers to deliver the persimmon to Hotaru for him. However, not knowing where she lives, Matsumino gets lost and grows hungry. After he returns from his unsuccessful attempt to find Hotaru, Matsumino apologizes to Gin for eating the persimmon and Gin forgives him. The story concludes with Gin seeing Hotaru the following summer and wondering if he will be able to tell her about his feelings for her.
Production.
Manga.
The author, Yuki Midorikawa, explained in the postscript of the "Aizoban Hotarubi no Mori e" reprint that the idea for the story came to her more easily than for any other work up until that point. Although she had been planning to write a story as challenging as "Hotarubi no Mori e" once she had gained more experience writing manga, she decided to undertake the project sooner when the idea for the story suddenly came to her. Afraid that she might lose the idea, she promptly began to draw it, and Midorikawa's writing progressed smoothly despite having numerous conflicting ideas for the development of the story.
The story came from Midorikawa's desire to draw several scenes. She was interested in drawing a scene where a boy dodges a girl who is falling towards him. She also wanted to draw a shadowy summertime forest, which would allow her to expand the range of tones and blacks used in the manga. A third inspiration was the desire to depict a more tranquil summer festival than those she had drawn before. She was also eager to create the mask worn by Gin at the festival, which resembled the face of a fox whose typical slitted eyes were replaced by oval ones to give the mask a "creepy" hybrid fox-primate appearance.
The supernatural love story between Hotaru and Gin is considered a starting point for Midorikawa's best known work, "Natsume's Book of Friends", which also depicts ill-fated interactions between humans and "yōkai" (sometimes referred to as "ayakashi"). In both stories, differences in lifespan and other insurmountable barriers mar their relationships and attempts to understand each other.
Prior to the anime film's theatrical release in 2011, Midorikawa published an additional chapter to the story, "Hotarubi no Mori e Tokubetsuhen". Since the original story was already complete and she initially felt uncomfortable about adding to it, she opted instead to expand on the story from Gin's perspective.
Anime.
According to the animation director, Yumi Satou, the anime project originated with his personal wish to animate original manga, which he enjoyed. The project was given approval in early 2011, and according to the film's producer, Shuko Yokoyama, the anime was originally planned as an OVA (Original video animation), which would not have been released in theaters. However, the popularity of "Natsume's Book of Friends", which was also written by Midorikawa and developed by the same production staff, gave them the support they needed to create an anime film. The film was produced by the studio Brain's Base and directed by Takahiro Omori, starring Japanese voice actors Ayane Sakura as Hotaru and Kōki Uchiyama as Gin. Satou had frequently worked together with Yokoyama on previous projects. Other staff included Akira Takata (character design), Yukihiro Shibuya (art), Hiromi Miyawaki (color design), Hitoshi Tamura (photography), and Kazuhiko Seki (editor). The anime film had a very small staff because it was a very short film and was produced domestically, unlike the TV series, "Natsume's Book of Friends", which was primarily outsourced to other countries—a common trend in anime production.
In March 2011, midway through production, the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami struck Japan. Despite the national tragedy, the production crew continued its work, and according to Omori, the team hoped that their work would help soothe the nation after it had time to recover. Omori speculated that this was part of the reason for the strong positive reception and the awards the anime later received.
The setting in the manga was based on a shrine in the Kumamoto Prefecture of Japan, known as Kamishikimi Kumanoimasu Shrine, which is dedicated to Izanagi-no-Mikoto and Izanami-no-Mikoto from Japanese mythology. The animation crew spent two hours searching the location for settings on which they could base their art. Because the story was set in the forest of a mountain god, Omori intended the art to represent a "different world" where the background scenery was obscure and the blue sky was slightly brighter than normal. Omori and his crew devoted extra attention to lighting and coloring, making the forest dim with light coming through the canopy and landing on the characters with the appropriate intensity. The contrast between light and dark was also used during the festival scene to emphasize its bizarre nature, reminding the audience that Hotaru should not be there. Because of the significance of the summer season to the story, Omori deliberately loaded the film with summer scenes, such as rustling leaves and chirring of cicadas.
According to the Omori, the idea for the opening scene was suggested by Yokoyama; following traditional cinematography, the images of scenes indirectly related to the main story were played while the opening credits appeared. Originally intended to show Gin's life before meeting Hotaru, Omori allowed the viewer to decide its relationship in time with the main story. Omori also opted to start Hotaru's narration from a time after the story's main events; showing Hotaru as an 18-year-old who had just graduated high school and heading back to visit her relatives near the forest. By having Hotaru tell the story in retrospect, Omori thought it provided a more human feel and gave more meaning to the final scene, where Hotaru expresses her hopes for the future by saying, "Come on, let's go."
One of the difficulties in adapting the manga to anime, according to Omori, was that the developing relationship between Hotaru and Gin had to be shown visually, rather than through monologue. One way in which this was done used Hotaru's yearly change in height—by subtly showing the convergence of the length of their strides when walking, the audience is led to perceive a change in their relationship. Omori also wanted to portray more depth to Hotaru's character by expanding on her school life. Although the manga depicted a brief flash of her life in middle school, the anime depicted scenes from both aspects of her life.
Omori shared a draft of the film with composer Makoto Yoshimori so that he could write music to match the tempo. However, there was some disagreement over the ending theme, which Omori and Yoshimori discussed at length over email. Although neither would compromise on key points, the issue was eventually settled and the ending theme was finalized.
Hotaru's voice actor in the anime film, Ayane Sakura, was a fan of Midorikawa and owned the original manga. In an interview, she mentioned that she was thrilled to get an audition and ultimately the role, and also admitted that she shed tears while recording. Kōki Uchiyama, who played Gin, read the manga for the audition, and confessed that he was concerned at first about how to portray his character, though his work made him feel good. The film was initially pre-scored, where the voice acting was recorded prior to the creation of the animation, but later re-recorded for the final version. According to Omori, this allowed the animation to emphasize natural pauses in the dialogue and let the cast set the rhythm and tempo.
Media.
Manga.
The manga was first published in the issue of Hakusensha's "LaLa DX" in Japan. It was first reprinted on in the "tankōbon" entitled "Hotarubi no Mori e", which included four previously published romantic one-shot stories by Yuki Midorikawa. These included "Hanauta Nagaruru" (April 2003), "Hotarubi no Mori e", "Kurukuru Ochiba" (November 2002), and "Hibi Fukaku" (January 2003). As part of the 2003 "tankōbon" short story collection, each of the four one-shot stories were set in a different season: "Hanauta Nagaruru" in spring, "Hotarubi no Mori e" in summer, "Kurukuru Ochiba" in fall, and "Hibi Fukaku" in winter. Within the "tankōbon", the stories were arranged in order from spring to winter, although they were originally published in a different order. As of , the "tankōbon" was on its 19th printing.
On , 12 days prior to the anime movie's premiere in Japan, a new story related to "Hotarubi no Mori e" was published as part of a keepsake edition of the original manga, . The 12-page story, titled , is one of four short stories included in the keepsake edition, which also includes the original "Hotarubi no Mori e" and two other older works by Midorikawa: (2003) and (2005).
Anime.
The anime film, "Hotarubi no Mori e", is categorized as a drama/romance, with a running time of 44 minutes. In March 2011, the anime version was to be put on display at the Anime Contents Expo in Chiba, Japan, along with new work on "Natsume's Book of Friends", but the event was canceled following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. The opening date for the film was announced on on the film's official website. On , special pre-order tickets were sold along with the limited offer of a free poster. Around a week later, four television commercials focused on the anime's main characters were streamed from the film's official website. Sixteen days before the official release, a 96-second trailer was posted on Cinema Today, a Japanese movie website.
The film opened in Japan on , playing at Theater Umeda in Osaka and Ikebukuro's Cine Libre in Tokyo. The European premiere of "Hotarubi no Mori e" was on October 8, 2011 at the Scotland Loves Animation festival in Glasgow, followed by interviews and a Q/A session with the animation director and the producer. It was screened again at the Scotland Loves Animation festival in Edinburgh on October 14, along with two other short films produced by Brain's Base studio. It was also a late addition to the 2011 Leeds International Film Festival and shown as a free presentation on in Leeds Town Hall. "Hotarubi no Mori e" was one of 60 titles screened at the first Anime Contents Expo held at Makuhari Messe in Chiba in late . It was also shown on at the Anime Expo convention at the Los Angeles Convention Center.
Limited edition copies of the Blu-ray Disc and DVD were released in Japan on . The limited edition sets included card set illustrations, stickers, a 40-page booklet, a strap with an attached mask (like Gin's), and other limited time specials. The DVD was also released at the same time without these extras.
Music.
The original soundtrack (catalog number: SVWC-7783) was released on , less than a month prior to the release of the anime film. The music was recorded by Makoto Yoshimori, and the ending theme, , was sung by Shizuru Ōtaka.
Reception.
The keepsake edition manga, "Aizoban Hotarubi no Mori e" by Midorikawa, ranked No. 13 on Japan's Oricon comic sales chart during , with 40,641 copies sold during its first week. 
In Japan, the anime was considered a hit, attracting many fans at each screening in Tokyo for several months. Following its European premiere at the Scotland Loves Animation festival in Glasgow, "Hotarubi no Mori e" was awarded the Jury Award. In , it won the Animation Film Award at the 66th Annual Mainichi Film Awards and received at the awards ceremony held on in Kawasaki, Japan. The limited edition Blu-ray Disc also ranked No. 13 on Oricon's weekly BD sales chart between , with 7,171 copies sold in the five days following its release.
The anime film of "Hotarubi no Mori e" was well received by its reviewers, and likened to the works of Hayao Miyazaki of Studio Ghibli and Makoto Shinkai. Reckoner at Nihon Review described it as "very natural and pure... beautiful and tender", calling it "a true healing anime", with characters that were easy for the audience to sympathize with. He praised it for its "excellent execution", stating that it "succeeds at being an emotionally powerful piece with an ending far more moving than you could ever expect." UK Anime Network's Andy Hanley, who attended a screening at the Scotland Loves Animation festival, said it is "beautiful in its simplicity", though noting that the climax seemed a bit rushed and sudden, leaving the audience to struggle with their emotions.
Nick Browne of T.H.E.M. Anime Reviews described it as a "vignette of bittersweet nostalgia", praising the anime for being a "gorgeously detailed piece with beautiful animation." Browne also wrote favorably of the story's progression, noting that its dark undertones grew heavier as the main character matured, and that the consistent characterization of Hotaru from childhood to her early teens was impressive, especially given the film's length. Browne's criticisms were limited to noting the film's short length, a clash between the cartoonish depictions of the forest spirits and the rest of the movie, and an issue with one element of plot development near the end of the film. He did note that sensitive viewers may interpret some aspects of the story as inappropriate, such as the initial age difference between the main characters and the way Gin punishes Hotaru as a child when she tries to touch him. In the case of the former, Browne noted that their romance developed only when Hotaru began to approach Gin's physical age, and with the latter, he noted that no harm was intended. In both cases, he also mentioned that cultural differences must be considered.
Both Yokoyama and Satou noted the "Japanese-ness" of the anime during the panel discussion following the main showing at the Scotland Loves Animation festival. Yokoyama had originally been concerned that foreign audiences would not fully understand and appreciate the work, but the reaction of the audience at the Glasgow showing alleviated his concerns. According to Yokoyama and Satou, elements of the story that exhibited strong elements of Japanese culture included the watermelon eating scene, the part where Gin hits young Hotaru over the head with a stick, and the scene where young Hotaru gets scared at night when she sees the face of a "yōkai" in the patterns of the wood panels on the ceiling.
Midorikawa attributed the success of "Hotarubi no Mori e" to the quality of the story, noting even those readers of the original manga who were critical of her artwork were drawn to read the story from start to finish. She speculated that hiding Gin's face behind a mask had helped mitigate some of the artistic issues for which her earlier work had been criticized. The intense pressure experienced by Midorikawa early in her manga writing career was relieved as a result of the positive feedback she received upon her success with "Hotarubi no Mori e". In 2011, she expressed excitement for the new anime film and having the manga reprinted in a new short story collection, remarking that her attempts to write about her feelings and recent experiences in relation to "Hotarubi no Mori e" brought tears to her eyes. She described the story as a "precious work" that had help her build social connections.

</doc>
<doc id="30960051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960051" title="Sengkang Riverside Park">
Sengkang Riverside Park

Sengkang Riverside Park is a riverine park located at Anchorvale Street abutting Sungei Punggol, Singapore. The park consist of three open-space land parcels and is also home to a constructed wetland. The Sengkang Sports Complex is located just adjacent to the riverine park, connected by a floating wetland.
History.
The 21-hectare park was opened to the public in November 2008. The park is situated alongside the Punggol Reservoir. The integration of urban planning and protection of our water resources has earned Sengkang Riverside Park an ABC Waters Certification.
Constructed Wetland.
The constructed wetland is an artificial marshes or swamps, created to process waste water, surface run-off or to treat natural sewage. It also acts as a wildlife habitat and the water collected in the pond can be used for plant watering. The wetland have two sedimentation basins to slow down the high water speeds in storms, so that minimal damage is done to wetland habitat.
Sengkang Floating Wetland.
On 7 November 2010, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong officially opened the floating wetland that is designed with a "fruitful" theme. The wetland is about half the size of a football field, and connects the Sengkang Riverside Park with the Sengkang Sports Complex. The floating wetland helps to collect and filter rainwater naturally through its aquatic plants. The wetland also acts as a habitat for fish, birds and other wildlife. Since the completion of the wetland, more birds and dragonflies were noticed to be attracted in the area.
Activities & Facilities.
Visitor Centre.
The Visitor Centre is a covered meeting point, located at the central part of the park. The sheltered centre provides visitors to the park with a shelter from bad weather. Public toilets and vending machines are also available here.
Fruit Tree Trail.
Sengkang Riverside Park is also unique for its Fruit Tree Trail that consist of 16 different fruit trees, with some that cannot be found in the local supermarkets. The trail runs along the parameters of the constructed wetlands. The 16 different fruit trees that can be found in the trail are Mangosteen Tree, Ordeal Tree, Custard Apple, Pomelo, Lime, Weeping Tea Tree, Island Lychee, Mango, Pond Apple Tree, Asam Tree, Java Olive Tree, Elephant Apple, Fish Killer Tree, Starfruit, Pig's Mango and Wine Palm.
Other Activities.
Visitors to the park can use the available facilities to bicycle and exercise at the park. There are various resting points throughout the park and along the tracks. The Civic Event Lawn at the park provides a venue for events to be hosted here.
Getting there.
The park can be reach via the Sengkang LRT Line at Farmway LRT Station. Visitors can also choose to reach there by car, where the park's car park is located in front of the Visitor Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="30960056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960056" title="Keiter Mound">
Keiter Mound

The Keiter Mound (designated 33-Cn-15) is a Native American mound in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located north of the city of Wilmington, it sits on a wooded hill above the stream bottom of a small secondary creek, the Anderson Fork. About tall at its highest point, the mound measures from north to south and from east to west.
Due to its location, the Keiter Mound is believed to be a work of Hopewellian peoples. Unlike many Hopewell sites, such as the Newark Earthworks or Mound City, the Keiter Mound is isolated: no other mounds and no large geometric earthworks are located nearby. As such, it is likely to have been created by small groups of transient hunters who camped in the valley below. This identification is based on the mound's location and comparison with similar mounds: as the mound has never been substantially excavated, it likely holds the same grave goods as it did when it was constructed thousands of years ago. The top is flat and slightly scarred, possibly from an early excavation, but for all practical purposes the mound is in pristine condition. For this reason, it is a significant archaeological site: it is an unusually well preserved example of isolate Hopewell construction and might be able to yield important information about the Hopewell way of life. In recognition of its archaeological significance, the Keiter Mound was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="30960059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960059" title="Peter Vecsey">
Peter Vecsey

Peter Vecsey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30960060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960060" title="Cristian Durant">
Cristian Durant

Cristian Dominic Durant (born 23 January 1977) is an English cricketer. Durant is a right-handed batsman who fields primarily as a wicket-keeper. He was born in Leicester, Leicestershire.
Durant made his debut for Cambridgeshire in the 1996 Minor Counties Championship against Northumberland. Between 1996 and 2001, he represented the county in 44 Championship matches, the last of which came against Northumberland. The following season he made his List A debut for the county against Hampshire in the 1st round of the 1997 NatWest Trophy. From 1997 to 2001, he represented the county in 7 List A matches, the last of which came against Somerset in the 3rd round of the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. In his 7 List A matches, he scored 19 runs at a batting average of 9.50, with a high score of 12*. Behind the stumps he took 5 catches and made 2 stumpings. He had to wait until the 1999 season to play in the MCCA Knockout Trophy for Cambridgeshire, which he did against Norfolk before playing 4 further Trophy matches between 1999 and 2001, the last of which came against the Leicestershire Cricket Board.
He also played Second XI cricket for the Nottinghamshire Second XI (1994), the Leicestershire Second XI (1994–1995), the Somerset Second XI (1997) and the Kent Second XI (1999).

</doc>
<doc id="30960070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960070" title="Andia">
Andia

The Andia Range ("Andiako mendilerroa" in Basque and "Sierra de Andía" in Spanish) is a mountain range of western Navarre, Spain, part of the Basque Mountains. Its highest point is the 1,493 metres high Beriain.
Together with the neighboring Urbasa range, Andia is part of the Urbasa-Andia Natural Park.

</doc>
<doc id="30960071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960071" title="Schader Award">
Schader Award

The Schader Award is a German award bestowed annually on a social scientist. It is awarded by the Schader foundation of Darmstadt. The foundation and its award are founded by and named for Alois M. Schader, and comes with a 15,000 Euro prize.

</doc>
<doc id="30960079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960079" title="Enciso">
Enciso

Enciso may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30960084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960084" title="William Broughton Carr">
William Broughton Carr

William Broughton Carr (1837–1909), was a British author and beekeeper. He invented a type of beehive.
Biography.
William Broughton Carr was born in Yorkshire, in 1837 and died in London in 1909.
Carr was a business man in Liverpool. He lived on the Wirral and kept bees before he was invited down to London by Thomas William Cowan to set up and help edit the Bee Journal
Carr was the editor of the "Bee Journal and Record" and also contributed articles to the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica.
Carr designed the WBC style of beehive and published his design in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="30960098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960098" title="John Westin">
John Westin

John Westin (born May 19, 1992) is a Swedish ice hockey forward who plays for Modo Hockey in the Elitserien. He was drafted in the seventh round, 207th overall, in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens. 
After suffering a broken arm during the 2010 pre-season, Westin made his Elitserien debut on February 19, 2011 against Djurgården. His older brother Jens also plays for Modo.

</doc>
<doc id="30960099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960099" title="Manga Ndumbe Bell">
Manga Ndumbe Bell

Auguste Manga Ndumbe Bell (1851 - 2 September 1908) was a leader of the Duala people of southern Cameroon from 1897 to 1908 during the period after the German colonialists assumed control of the region as the Kamerun colony.
Background.
The first European records of the people of the Douala region around the Wouri estuary noted that they were engaged in fishing and agriculture to some extent, but primarily were traders with the people of the interior via the Wouri River and its tributaries, and via the Dibamba, Kwa Kwa and Mungo rivers. In the 19th century they were bartering palm oil, palm kernels and ivory for European goods. Their leaders, whom the Europeans called "kings", came from the two lineages of Bell and Akwa.
Early years.
Manga came from the Bell lineage, son of King Ndumbe Lobe Bell.
He was English-educated. 
In the period leading up to the German annexation, his family was in the ascendancy over the Akwa family, was particularly strong in the Mungo River trade and was highly regarded by the Europeans.
However, after signature of the protection treaty in July 1884, the first German governor, Julius von Soden, favored the Akwa family. Manga was even exiled to Togo for two years on the basis that he was a "bad influence" in Douala. 
While in Togo, Manga became a friend of Eugen von Zimmerer, the German commissioner, who then became governor of Kamerun. On his.return, Manga took pains to establish good relations with the other important colonial officials.
Ruler.
When his father Ndumbe Lobe Bell, generally known as "King Bell", died in December 1897, Manga Bell inherited his position and salary in exchange for taking greater responsibility for his people and supplying porters to the government.
The next year, he was given appeals jurisdiction over all the native people of the Littoral region.
As the colonial authorities became increasingly involved in administration of the region, tensions rose between the Bell and Akwa families and between the Duala people and the Germans.
In 1902-1903 Manga Bell went to Germany to present his complaints and requests to the authorities.
He was accompanied by his son Rudolf Duala Manga Bell, who been educated in Germany.
The trip was successful, and Manga benefited personally from the grant of a valuable elephant licence.
Manga Bell was the first of the Duala to turn from trade to direct production of agricultural goods.
The Atlantic Slave Trade had long been abolished, replaced by trade in palm oil and other produce, but the slave system had persisted internally and continued after the Germans took control. However, the slave owners were gradually forced to improve their treatment of slaves, whose position evolved to that of dependent farm workers. When Manga Bell started his first cocoa plantation, he had to provide gifts to his slaves to persuade them to work the new and unfamiliar crop.
During his period of rule, the Mungo region gained almost 70% of the cocoa trade, almost entirely controlled by the Bells.
Manga Bell built a palace in the center of Douala, also known as the "Pagoda" due to its architectural style, completed in 1905.
Today, the Pagoda is one of the tourist attractions of the city.
He died on 2 September 1908.
Speaking at his funeral, the governor said "Duala people, the roof under which Whites and Blacks mingled has collapsed".
Manga's position was passed on to his son, Duala, who was executed by the Germans in 1914 after attempting to stir up a revolt against the colonialists.

</doc>
<doc id="30960102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960102" title="Asan Memorial College of Engineering and Technology">
Asan Memorial College of Engineering and Technology

ASAN MEMORIAL College of Engineering and Technology is a College of Engineering that is located in Thandarai, Chengalpattu, Chennai, Tamil Nadu

</doc>
<doc id="30960122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960122" title="Étienne Laclotte">
Étienne Laclotte

The French architect Étienne Laclotte (1728 — 1812) designed numerous "hôtels particulières" in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="30960129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960129" title="Gangway (film)">
Gangway (film)

Gangway is a 1937 British musical film directed by Sonnie Hale and starring Jessie Matthews, Barry MacKay, Nat Pendleton and Alastair Sim. Its plot involves a young reporter goes undercover to unmask a gang of criminals who are planning a jewel heist. AKA as Sparkles in Australia and on Australian release 78rpm records. Jessie Matthews was nicknamed SPARKLE in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="30960131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960131" title="Lintneria balsae">
Lintneria balsae

Lintneria balsae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico.
It is similar to "Lintneria lugens", but brighter, there are distinct black longitudinal lines on the forewing upperside and the discal spot is single, elongate and not subdivided.

</doc>
<doc id="30960134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960134" title="Polly Billington">
Polly Billington

Polly Billington (born 1967) is a former BBC journalist who worked on the "Today" programme before becoming a special advisor to Ed Miliband. She was the media director for his successful bid in the Labour leadership election, 2010. Billington is Labour's prospective parliamentary candidate for Thurrock at the next election, and a Labour Party official; she no longer works for Ed Miliband.
Education and journalism career.
Billington took a postgraduate diploma in Broadcast Journalism at the department of Journalism, Media and Communication, University of Central Lancashire in 1993.
Billington was a BBC reporter for the"Today" programme, "Newsbeat" on Radio 1 , News 24 and the "Politics Show". 
Labour Party official and candidate.
She became a special adviser to Ed Miliband in 2007 when he was working on party policy and election strategy in the Cabinet Office and according to "The Daily Telegraph" she was the 59th most influential person on the UK left in 2011.
Billington sought to become a parliamentary candidate in February 2010, when she was shortlisted for the safe Labour seat of North Tyneside, but a local candidate was selected instead. She was the media director for Ed Miliband's successful Labour leadership bid. She is credited with honing his questions and replies to David Cameron at Prime Minister's Questions.
In November 2011, Billington launched another bid to be selected as a Labour MP, this time in Thurrock. This time she gained the nomination for a marginal seat.

</doc>
<doc id="30960147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960147" title="Adiri">
Adiri

Adiri ( "Adrī") is a town in the Wadi al Shatii district in Libya. The city has a population of 4,611 people (as of 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="30960160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960160" title="Catherine of Bosnia (disambiguation)">
Catherine of Bosnia (disambiguation)

Catherine of Bosnia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30960173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960173" title="Set Fire to the Rain">
Set Fire to the Rain

"Set Fire to the Rain" is a song by British singer-songwriter Adele from her second studio album "21". Written by Adele and Fraser T Smith and produced by Smith, the power ballad was released as the second single from the album in Europe. It was released as the third single in the United Kingdom on 4 July 2011, where the song has peaked at number 11. The song has peaked at number one in Belgium, Poland, the Netherlands, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and the United States. The song has charted within the top 10 of Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa and Switzerland.
"Set Fire to the Rain" was released on 21 November 2011 as "21"s third official single in the United States, and has since peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song is the third consecutive number-one single of the same album; the last female singer who achieved this was Katy Perry in 2010 when "Firework" hit number one. Adele is the first female British artist in history to have three consecutive US number ones. With "Rolling in the Deep", "Someone like You" and "Set Fire to the Rain" Adele logged a total of 14 weeks atop of the "Billboard" Hot 100, this is the most number of weeks at number one a British female artist has had from the same album. The song was voted by readers of "Billboard" as their favorite number one hit of 2012. Additionally, while "Rolling in the Deep", "Someone like You" and "Set Fire to the Rain" were all US number ones, only Someone like You was a UK number one; and Set Fire to The Rain didn't reach the top ten.
Adele's live version of the song, from the DVD "Live at the Royal Albert Hall", won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards.
Background and release.
"Set Fire to the Rain" was written by Adele and Fraser T Smith while the production was handled by Smith. On 28 October, during an interview with "Billboard", Columbia Records revealed that "Rumour Has It" would be released as the third single from the album and serviced to pop and adult contemporary radio. However, the release of the song was scrapped and "Set Fire to the Rain" was released as the third US-single on 21 November 2011. A spokesperson for Columbia, Pete Cosenza stated: "Our research found more programmer preference for 'Set Fire to the Rain'. [...] Both 'Rumour' and 'Fire' came back strong, but 'Fire' was a bit stronger. [...] It's a better plan to go with 'Fire' over 'Rumour' at pop and adult radio. [...] Everyone, from radio to the buying public, seems to be on board."
Composition.
"Set Fire to the Rain" is the fifth track on Adele's second album "21". It was written with producer Fraser T Smith. It is written in the key of D minor with a tempo of 108 beats per minute, following the chord progression of Dm–F–C–Gm–Dm–F–C–Csus4–C, and Adele's voice spans A3-D5. The song describes the contradictory elements of a relationship, and the impossibility of letting go which is displayed in the lyrics "You and me together, nothing gets better/But there’s a side to you that I never knew, never knew/All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true/And the games you play, you would always win." One of the most pop-influenced of the album, the song is characterised by John Murphy of MusicOMH as a "power ballad". In contrast to the understated production of most songs on the album, the song features lush instrumentation and a swelling string arrangement over a mid-tempo rhythm, creating a wall of sound for the singer's mourning vocals. Dave Simpson of "The Guardian" in an article revealed that Adele got inspiration for the song "when mah lightah stopped workin'" in the wet.
Critical reception.
The song has received critical acclaim from various critics with many complimenting on Adele's vocals. A writer for the magazine "URB" said that the song had "Starbucks-friendlier content" and further called it "melodramatic". Leah Greenblatt of "Entertainment Weekly" concluded that the song had "scorned-woman balladry" and it "surge on the pure force of her titanic wail." While reviewing "21", a writer of "The New York Times" said, "the vocal effects on 'Set Fire to the Rain,' produced by Fraser T Smith, the most pop-minded of the assembled team, are superfluous." John Murphy of MusicOMH gave a negative review towards the song calling it "real misfire" and "overproduced". However he added, "it's a decent enough song, but Adele's always sounded best when it's just a piano and a voice." Writing for the newspaper "Herald Sun", Camreon Adams called the song a "triumphant radio-hit-in-waiting of next single" and concluded that "once the chorus kicks in, you're a goner."
Gary McGinley of No Ripcord highlighted "Set Fire to the Rain" calling it "the catchiest song" on "21". Another writer of "Daily Herald" said that Adele sounds "epic" on the song. Allison Stewart of "The Washington Post" found the song to be "galloping, out-of-place synth-rock number" and added that "even Adele can't save" the song. Nick Freed of Consequence of Sound said that "Set Fire to the Rain" finds Adele at "her strongest and most open." He further called the song "one of "21"s angrier tracks" and concluded: "The chorus' hooks are crazy catchy, and by the final one Adele releases and her hurt slips through the anger to give you a damn real and forward show of emotion. I’d imagine seeing this song live or in a stripped down setting would make one bawl like a child. You’ll want to pump your fist and pound your chest. That’s a guarantee." Robert Copsey of Digital Spy praised the song saying, "'It was dark and I was over/ Until you kissed my lips and saved me,' she admits over a gloomy piano riff, before launching into a ballsy, hands-in-the-air chorus. 'I set fire to the rain/ and I threw us into the flames,' she belts with growly vocals against cinematic strings. Rounding out with a suitably breathtaking blast from her impressive pipes and the result sounds like classic, though it's anything but camp."
Adele's live version of the song, from the DVD "Live at the Royal Albert Hall", won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards.
Chart performance.
"Set Fire to the Rain" was very popular in Europe, where the song charted within the top 10 of Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa and Switzerland and topping the charts in Belgium, Poland, Slovakia and the Netherlands. The song debuted at number 79 on the UK Singles Chart and it moved to number 44 the next week selling 6,286 copies. It later peaked at number 11 on the chart on the week ending 16 July 2011 and it stayed on the same position for two weeks selling another 24,978 copies. Before being released as a single, the song charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for 6 weeks and re-entered 3 times, peaking at number 72 on 13 September. On the issue dated 4 February 2012, "Set Fire to the Rain" peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became Adele's third consecutive number one single from the album "21". With "21" also at number 1 on the "Billboard" 200, the song makes the set the first by a single artist to have led the "Billboard" 200 concurrently with three Hot 100 number one singles. It took 21 non-consecutive weeks for the song to reach the top spot in the United States.
As of June 2013, it has sold 4,552,000 digital downloads in the United States.
Live performances and usage in media.
Adele performed the song live for the first time on 29 April on "The Graham Norton Show". She also performed the track on 3 May at Jools Holland along with the selections "Rolling in the Deep", "Don't You Remember" and "Take It All". Adele also added the song to the set list of her second worldwide tour. FX used "Set Fire to the Rain" to promote the final season of "Rescue Me" and the show's series finale. The song was also featured in promotional ads for the TV series "Ringer" and "Revenge," which brought it airplay in the United States without her label having to release it to radio stations. It was also used as an "insert theme" on the 2012 Fuji TV series "Iki mo dekinai natsu."

</doc>
<doc id="30960176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960176" title="International Journal of Management Reviews">
International Journal of Management Reviews

The International Journal of Management Reviews is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal, established by Cary Cooper in 1999, and published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Academy of Management. 
The journal covers all main fields of management studies: from entrepreneurship and organizational behaviour to strategic management and finance. Each issue contains between five and six literature review articles, which examine the relevant literature published on a specific aspect of a management sub-discipline. The current editors are Oswald Jones (Liverpool Management School, University of Liverpool), and Kamel Mellahi, (Warwick Business School, University of Warwick).
Rankings.
According to the 2012 "Journal Citation Reports", the "International Journal of Management Reviews" has an impact factor of 3.33, ranking it 20th out of 172 journals in the category "Management" and 13th out of 116 journals in the category "Business". In addition, it was rated as an "A" class journal in the "Business and Management" category of the Excellence in Research for Australia rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="30960178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960178" title="John Battersby Crompton Lamburn">
John Battersby Crompton Lamburn

John Battersby Crompton Lamburn (1893 – 1972)
was a British writer, younger brother of Richmal Crompton, who was best known for her "William" books for boys. She was said to have drawn part of her inspiration for the character of William from him.
During World War I Lamburn served in Rhodesia in the British South Africa Police. Afterwards he joined a shipping firm in China, where he travelled widely. Returning to England in the 1930s he took to writing fiction, mainly under the pseudonym "John Lambourne". He probably is best known for his fantasy "The Kingdom That Was". 
In World War II he served in the RAF. Afterwards, under the name "John Crompton", he wrote mainly nonfiction on natural history themes. Beyond his published works little is known about Lamburn’s life and works, because most of his notes were destroyed in an act of arson.
Life and Work.
John Battersby Crompton Lamburn (June 1893 — 3 April 1972) was a British writer, the younger brother of the more popular author Richmal Crompton. She was the author of many novels, but best known for her hugely popular "William" books for boys. 
He wrote fiction mainly under the pseudonym "John Lambourne", or "John B. C. Lambourne", and wrote popular books on natural history under the name "John Crompton". He probably is best known for his fantasy "The Kingdom That Was" (1931). 
As Trooper 1757 Lamburn, J. B. C. of the British South Africa Police, he served from 19 September 1913 to 30 November 1919, a period which spans WWI. In both his fiction and non-fiction he drew on his police experiences, but according to the official BSAP site nothing is known of his service. (This is no evidence for anything worse than that he never achieved any special prominence in the service, as little is known of the service of most of the troopers of those days.) On leaving the Force he moved to the Far East and travelled widely in China. Returning to England in the 1930s he took to full-time writing, by now drawing on his experience of travel in East Asia as well. 
Little is widely known about Lamburn’s life and works, but a few details can be gleaned or inferred from various sources.
According partly to Lamburn’s own account of himself, on one of his book covers, he was educated at Bury Grammar School and Manchester University. His father was the Rev Edward John Sewell Lamburn, and apparently intended his son to follow in his own footsteps and go into the Anglican Church, but instead, in 1913 at the age of twenty, young Lamburn joined the Rhodesian Mounted Police of the British South Africa Police or BSAP, as a trooper. Presumably this was to the considerable consternation of his parents, and his age at the time suggests that he did not complete a degree course at Manchester.
Consistently with that suspicion, the second of his two elder sisters was Richmal Crompton Lamburn, a novelist and the author of the hugely popular "William" stories, and she was said to have derived part of her inspiration for her leading character, William Brown — a rough diamond — from her young brother. This all suggests that Lamburn might well have been very unpromising ecclesiastical material, and deeply unenthusiastic about his studies. Certainly some of his autobiographical reminiscences on the vigour and variety of his life in Southern Africa and elsewhere, suggest that as a very plausible inference; see for example some passages in his book "The Hunting Wasp", especially chapter 4(III: Locust and Cockroach Hunters) and chapter 6 The Fly Hunters.
He described his fellow-troopers as being about as hard-bitten a crew as it would be possible to find anywhere. He stayed with the BSAP throughout World War I. His duties included patrolling large areas of undeveloped country, and taking charge of isolated up-country out-stations. He found it to be a glorious life in country as unspoilt as any that Selous hunted. It was full of big game – in his own words: “...country we shall see no more.”
In 1919 he joined a shipping firm and went to China. For 13 years he operated from Harbin at the north of Manchuria down to Hong Kong in the south. His travels took him to the remotest regions of China. It is deeply regrettable that his African and Chinese notes were effectively all destroyed in a deed of arson He generally spent his leave on his own in shooting trips in Portuguese East Africa (present-day Mozambique). In 1932 he resigned from the firm and “came home” (which among the colonial English of the day, meant “going to Britain” — usually England — whether they had ever seen British shores or not). There he married and settled first in Devon, then in Cornwall. Reading between the lines the rats on the Devon property might well have played a role in persuading him to move to Cornwall.
The study of insects had always been a hobby of his, both in Africa and China. In retirement in England he settled down more earnestly to the pursuit of informal entomology, though, as he observed, with not half so rich a field of subjects as on his travels. 
On settling down, he wrote novels, though that was no new departure for him; he had already published “The White Kaffir”, “Trooper Fault”, and his most celebrated novel: “The Kingdom that Was”. Significantly, “Strong Waters” and “The Second Leopard” also appeared in 1932, so obviously his apparently idle time in preceding years actually had been anything but idle. It is worth speculating that his productivity in writing might have encouraged his retirement and “going home”. After settling down he went in for “fairly intensive bee-keeping” as he related in “The Hive”, one World War later.
That his absence from the trenches of WWI was not attributable to lack of patriotic feeling is apparent from the fact that in 1940, at the age of about 47, he joined the Royal Air Force. One wonders what string-pulling might have been necessary to accomplish that at such an advanced age, but of course at that time Britain was desperate for fighting manpower. In due course he found himself in Iceland as Flight Lieutenant in Flying Control. In September 1943 he was invalided out with a peptic ulcer, a condition for which no decisive treatment was to be developed for another forty years or so. As he put it, he was given leave by the Air Force Council to retain his rank — and unfortunately the ulcer he had contracted as well.
List of published works.
The following titles appear in the British Library Internet catalogue:
Writing as: LAMBOURNE, John B. C. 
Writing as: CROMPTON, John
Fictional Writings.
Apart from the texts themselves, some idea of the character of his novels, and the way in which he drew on his actual experiences, can be gained from occasional reviews. A particularly interesting example, because it comes from an ex-BSAP officer with personal knowledge of the circumstances and some of the characters drawn from, appears in the magazine “Transvaal Outpost”. At the time of writing this article, the magazine is available in PDF form at the Transvaal branch of the BSAP. 
In his review of ‘Trooper Fault’, Sloman remarks that most of the characters in the book are fictitious, but that they include some real-life names such as Jimmy Blatherwick and Capell, though Sloman states that the latter never started as an ordinary recruit. Trooper Fault himself has the regimental number 1757, which according to the nominal roll was in fact the number of Trooper John Battersby Crompton Lamburn himself. Of Richmal Crompton’s “William” stories, Sloman remarks: “Fortunately for J.B.C.Lamburn these stories were published after his BSAP career had ended, otherwise he could have been ragged rotten!”
Whether Lamburn's vein of invention had dried out, or whether his fiction had failed on the market, or whether he simply had become too engrossed in his natural history studies and writings, we cannot say, but once he began to write on natural history after the war, he apparently published no more fiction.
Non-fictional Writings.
In the “Trooper Fault” review, Sloman said that at that time he had tracked down some 14 titles of Lamburn’s on natural history subjects, under various names, in particular Lamburn, Lambourne, Crompton. Fewer than fourteen could be located in writing this article.
In writing on scientific matters Lamburn certainly wrote mainly under the name “John Crompton”. As John Crompton he made no claim to scientific expertise, but wrote explicitly as a “layman writing for laymen”. Accordingly the books include occasional slip-ups such as “coastal” (instead of “costal”) venule, though of course some of those might well be attributed to printers’ devils. Also, many of his views on theoretical matters such as evolution and genetics were naïve even for his day. Consider for example in chapter 1 of "The Hunting Wasp"; in response to some of Fabre's less apposite criticisms of Darwinian theory, Lamburn has no better response than: "Fabre, of course, takes the short-sighted view. He has no conception of Time with a capital T..." This was true as far as it went, but it was not adequate in the context of Fabre's misunderstandings. However, it would be inappropriate to criticise Crompton's works on such bases. Within his non-technical ambit, he wrote pleasantly, literately, and intelligently, often quite thoughtfully, on a wide range of biological subjects, and he did so constructively and soundly at a level accessible to a wider and younger public than most popular scientific writing. 
Most of Lamburn's source material was gleaned from popular and semi-popular material, such as the writings of Jean Henri Fabre, the Peckhams, O.H. Latter, and the like, and he credited such material properly, if informally. Lamburn did not stint his expression of his opinions on such sources, though he was neither pretentious nor destructive in his criticism. He was full of praise for Fabre and the Peckhams, whose endless patience and minute gifts of observation have made them outstanding authorities in the field of entomology to this day. Lamburn does not disguise his admiration for these extraordinarily meticulous, seminal entomologists. He notes in 'The Spider': "Fabre ... was disliked by his colleagues. At ease with young people, he was tongue-tied with men, and his timid manners did not endear him to them. But the dislike went further. He wrote about science in a way that ordinary people could understand. This was considered to cheapen the profession. He was a born teacher, and pupils almost fought to attend his classes. Naturally the other masters did not like it, and were ready to take action at the first opportunity." 
In spite of his admiration for the greats, Crompton had sufficient strength of character to maintain his own views. For example, he had little patience with Fabre's rejection of some of the assertions of classical Darwinism, which attributed all evolutionary change to gradual increments due entirely to random mutations. Fabre ridiculed the idea that this mechanism could explain the unbelievable precision of the hunting wasp's injection of precise quantities of venom into the hidden nerve centres of her victims, for example. "In daring to question the conclusions of Fabre I am, I know, going out of my class. But Fabre the theorist is not Fabre the naturalist ... His patience and perseverance ... have brought a rich harvest of knowledge to the world, but that does not mean that we must agree with him when he branches out in other directions." Similarly in the same book Crompton quite reasonably criticises some of Fabre's cruder experiments on instinctive behaviour, and their naive interpretation. 
Crompton outspokenly rejected Fabre's arguments that the behaviour of such creatures as hunting-wasps, that operated by injecting venom precisely into particular nerve-centres, could not have arisen by natural selection. Fabre's views of Darwinism made little impression at the height of Darwin's fame. In the twentieth Century, various refinements to Classical Darwinism, such as the theory of Punctuated Equilibria, and deeper understanding of the principles and practicalities of molecular biology, made serious progress in addressing problems of the mechanism of evolution of complex structures and behaviour patterns. This includes dealing with many difficulties where it seems impossible for an attribute to have arisen in a half-formed state: until they are perfected, such attributes ought, by the hypothesis itself, to have been eliminated through natural selection. 
It is important in this connection however, not to read any malice into the relationship between Darwin and Fabre as Lamburn dealt with the subject. Fabre wrote: "...though facts, as I see them, disincline me to accept his theories, I have none the less the deepest veneration for his noble character and his scientific honesty. I was drafting my letter when the sad news reached me: Darwin was dead..." No one involved in the matter, not Darwin, not Fabre, and certainly not Crompton in his day, suggested that anything more was involved than a difference of opinion between great spirits. 
The alert professional also can glean a lot of useful information from anecdotes derived from Lamburn’s personal experiences and those of his correspondents, scientific and non-scientific. He was as willing to quote and credit a country gamekeeper, as the famous myrmecologist William Morton Wheeler.
His books certainly have inspired a fair number of young biologists and it is of some interest to note that after many years out of print some are again appearing in the lists of Amazon.com and similar major vendors. Sloman referred to a (favourable) review of “The Spider” and “The Snake” in the New York Times by Bonnie Bilyeu Gordon In her review, Gordon appositely remarked: "...Crompton blends great enthusiasm with proper fairness. His voice is direct and chatty and sometimes a bit curmudgeonly. He is also often witty. Take this, for example, written on the family of non-web-weaving spiders that includes the tarantula: "The web-weaver, having patented a clever device, can now sit back and collect the dividends; the wolf spider, unable to think out anything in the way of a snare, has to pay the penalty by leading a hard, strenuous, and dangerous life...""
Sundry details.
During his time in Iceland Lamburn, the putative original for “William” of the Richmal Crompton books, came into contact with Air Commander Cecil George Wigglesworth, speculated to be the original for “Biggles” of the stories by W. E. Johns. Apparently Johns had known Wigglesworth in WWI.
Sloman mentioned that David John Crompton Lamburn (presumably a son) attested in the BSAP on 5 May 1952 as Constable 4917 and was discharged on 4 May 1955. He added that members serving in Bulawayo in the 1950s recalled him but, again, all attempts failed to locate him at the time of Sloman’s writing. 
In his book "The Hunting Wasp" Lamburn refers to "a child two years old" during the 1930s. This is consistent with a son in the BSAP in the 1950s, but no more information on a son was available at the time of writing this article. However, elsewhere he refers to a daughter of "nearly five" (no date given).

</doc>
<doc id="30960182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960182" title="Manithaneya Makkal Katchi">
Manithaneya Makkal Katchi

Manithaneya Makkal Katchi is a political party in Tamil Nadu, India, founded by Kunangudi Haniffa and focussed on the Muslim community.
2011 Assembly elections.
For the 2011 Assembly elections the party has joined the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam alliance and has been allocated 3 seats 
References.
     3.  ^  Tamil Nadu: The Rise of Islamist Fundamentalism, by P.G. Rajamohan, South Asia Terrorism Portal
     4.  ^  Staff reporters (25 September 2007). "Lift ban on SIMI: TMMK". The Hindu.

</doc>
<doc id="30960191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960191" title="Andrés Colombo">
Andrés Colombo

Andrés Gerardo Colombo (born July 30, 1987 in Rosario, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="30960199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960199" title="New Vision (electoral alliance)">
New Vision (electoral alliance)

New Vision was an electoral alliance of independent candidates formed to contest the 2011 Irish general election.
The formation of the group was announced at a meeting in Dublin organised by the economist David McWilliams on 31 January 2011. Eamonn Blaney, son of a former Independent Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála and minister Neil Blaney, stated that he was launching "a movement called New Vision" and that the group would run candidates in the upcoming general election. He stated that New Vision already had the allegiance of "several strong Independents who will unite around four principles".
The group held a press launch on 9 February 2011 where they revealed the 19 candidates that had agreed to run under the New Vision label. Each candidate had committed to vote "en bloc" on four issues, but were free to campaign on other national and local issues as they wished. As well as Eamonn Blaney, prominent candidates were his brother MacDara, and Luke 'Ming' Flanagan.
The four core issues which each New Vision candidate agreed to support were described by the group as:
The number of independent candidates in the New Vision alliance subsequently rose to 20.
There is a different political party called Fís Nua, which means "New Vision" in Irish, which also ran candidates in the 2011 general election. Eamonn Blaney stated that he was "unaware of the existence" of Fís Nua when he registered the business and domain names for New Vision.
Results.
The candidates in the New Vision alliance received the following votes at the 2011 general election. One candidate, Luke 'Ming' Flanagan was elected.

</doc>
<doc id="30960209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960209" title="Michael Garrett (composer)">
Michael Garrett (composer)

Michael Garrett (born 1944) is a British composer, born in Leicestershire. He has been composing and performing for more than fifty years. His many works extend across a wide range of styles.
Career.
He has written many symphonic, chamber and instrumental works as well as vocal music and has written extensively for the piano. During the 1960s his early compositions incorporated experiments with serial techniques; and in the years since then he has composed a wealth of music in a more melodic vein. He began studying the piano and composing in 1956 and studied at The Guildhall School of Music and Drama, London where he won a scholarship to study with Edmund Rubbra (1961–1964). He also studied piano with Frank Merrick who was himself a pupil of Theodor Leschetizky. He composed music for two Ken Russell films "Women in Love" and "Savage Messiah". He worked as composer and pianist in the theatre, gave piano recitals of jazz and experimental music, and also composed a jingle for the Scottish Gas Board.
He gave the first performances in this UK of John Cage’s "Concert for Piano and Orchestra", which was conducted by John Cale before he moved to the USA and joined The Velvet Underground with Lou Reed.
Garrett was musical director for Lindsay Kemp’s mime company, which included David Bowie and toured Britain and Europe. He was music director on Lindsey Kemp's film 'Pierrot In Turquoise' during which he plays piano. He has composed music for television documentaries and was bandleader on the liner "Canberra" on a world cruise. He recorded in Paris with jazz trumpeter Bill Coleman and drummer Art Taylor. The album 'Bill Coleman Plus Four' (JCD196) remains available as a download.
Personal.
He now lives in Edinburgh, Scotland and continues to compose and perform. He regularly performs with and directs The Michael Garrett Ensemble in concerts of his own and other music. His recent works include a fine setting of Robert Burns' "Braw lads o’ Gala Water" for soprano and piano. His "Refrain de danse oriental" for wordless soprano is often accompanied by the composer wearing a fez.

</doc>
<doc id="30960224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960224" title="Krishnankoil">
Krishnankoil

Krishnankoil is a small village located in Virudhunagar District, in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. It is located near the town of Srivilliputhur and the NH208 (national Highway) and is an educational hub of the West Virudhunagar district.

</doc>
<doc id="30960241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960241" title="Khargapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Khargapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Khargapur Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1967, following the delimitation of the Legislative Assembly constituencies and it was reserved for the candidates belonging to the scheduled castes from 1967-2008.
Overview.
Khargapur (constituency number 47) is one of the 5 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Tikamgarh district. This constituency covers the entire Baldeogarh tehsil, Palera nagar panchayat and part of Palera tehsil of the district.
Khargapur is part of Tikamgarh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Jatara, Prithvipur, Niwari and Tikamgarh in this district and Maharajpur, Chhatarpur and Bijawar in Chhatarpur district.

</doc>
<doc id="30960248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960248" title="Tachi Palace Fights 9">
Tachi Palace Fights 9

Tachi Palace Fights 9 was a mixed martial arts event held by Tachi Palace Fights (TPF) on Friday, May 6 at the Tachi Palace Hotel and Casino in Lemoore, California.
Background.
Alexis Vila was due to take on John Dodson, but pulled out of the bout with an unknown injury. Dodson was to fight Shooto veteran Mamoru Yamaguchi. However, on April 18, Dodson pulled out of the bout due to undisclosed reasons and Yamaguchi instead fought John Dunsmoor.
Phil Collins was expected to face Waachiim Spiritwolf at this event, but pulled out on February 9 due to personal reasons. Spiritwolf instead faced Jorge Lopez.
Jamie Yager was set to fight Alan Jouban, but pulled out of the fight due to injury. Stepping in to fill the void was Chidi Njokuani.
On April 25 it was announced that Cole Escovedo was tapped by the UFC to fight against Renan Barao at UFC 130, leaving Tommy Vargas without an opponent. Farkhad Sharipov stepped in to fight Vargas.
Featherweight champion Isaac DeJesus failed to make weight for his title defense against Russ Miura and was stripped of his belt. Both fighters agreed to a catchweight bout.

</doc>
<doc id="30960260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960260" title="Head over Heels (1937 film)">
Head over Heels (1937 film)

Head Over Heels is a 1937 British musical film directed by Sonnie Hale and starring Jessie Matthews, Robert Flemyng and Louis Borel. 
Production.
The film was made at the Lime Grove Studios in London with sets designed by Alfred Junge. It was based on the play "Pierre ou Jac" by Francis de Croisset

</doc>
<doc id="30960261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960261" title="Graham Johnson (author)">
Graham Johnson (author)

Graham Johnson, born 4 May 1968, is a best-selling author and investigative journalist who has contributed to a variety of publications including "News of the World", "Sunday Mirror", "The Observer", "Vice", "The Guardian" and "Liverpool Echo". He often publishes crime stories under several different bylines. He is also a media personality, frequently appearing on Sky and BBC as a crime pundit and reporter. He has also made documentaries for Sky, "Panorama" and Germany's ARD. For Vice, Johnson has produced two documentaries: Fraud and The Debt Collector which are based on his own investigations. The Debt Collector was based on his books The Cartel and Young Blood. He worked at the "Sunday Mirror" from 1997 to 2005 and for six years was the newspaper's Investigations Editor. He has been a finalist for "Reporter of the Year" three times and been described in parliament as an "investigative reporter supreme". Johnson has covered stories including drug dealing in Britain, people smuggling in Europe, child slavery in India and Pakistan, and war in the Balkans. To research his debut novel, Johnson spent several years on and off embedded with some of Britain's most notorious gangs. He currently lives in London. His books have been published by Mainstream Publishing and Simon and Schuster and his literary agent is Jon Elek at AP Watt.
Bibliography.
Non-fiction (true crime)
Novels

</doc>
<doc id="30960266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960266" title="Nirmal Toys and Craft">
Nirmal Toys and Craft

Nirmal toys are traditional Indian wooden toys made in the town of Nirmal in the Adilabad district in the state Andhra Pradesh in India.
History.
The tradition in Nirmal of creating wooden toys goes back 400 years. They are carved from local softwood and painted with Duco paints. Ganjifa playing cards are also traditionally made in Nirmal, but as of February 2011, only one elderly artisan was still making them. 

</doc>
<doc id="30960278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960278" title="Ali Musliyar">
Ali Musliyar

Āli Musliyār (1861-1922) (Malayalam: ആലി മുസ്ലിയാർ, Arabic: عالي مسليار), born Erikkunnan Pālattu Mūlayil Āli, was one of the prominent leaders of the 1921-22 Māppila Uprising in Madras Presidency, British India. 
Musliyār was an Masjid al-Haram-educated Islamic scholar and religious leader, and served as the Chief Priest of Tirurangādi Mosque from 1907 till his eventual execution at Coimbatore Prison. He was also the leader of a prominent landless peasant-laborer organisation and an active orator of the Caliphate Movement.
Early life and career in Mecca.
He was born in Nellikkunattu desom, Eranad taluk, Malabar district to Kunhimoitīn Molla and Kōtakkal Āmina. Kōtakkal Āmina was a member of the famous Maqdoom family of Ponnani, known for their religions scholarship. Musliyar's grandfather, Mūsa, was one of the several "Malappuram Martyrs". Ali Musliyar began his education in the Qur'ān, tajwīd and the Malayālam language from Kakkadammal Kunnukammu Molla. He was sent to Ponnani Darse for further studies in religion and philosophy, which he completed in 10 years under the tutelage of Shiekh Zain-ud-din Maqdum Akhir.
He then went to Haram, Makkah (Mecca) for further studies. During this time, several famous scholars guided him including Sayyid Ahmed Sahni Dahlan, Shiekh Muhammed Hisbullahi Makki, and Sayyid Husain Habshi. After his seven year stint in Mecca, he served as the Chief Qasi in Kavaratti, Laccadive Islands.
Musliyar in Malabar.
When he came to know about the killing of his brother and other family members, Musliyar returned to Malabar in 1894. He lost many of his relations and students in a riot in 1896. In 1907, he was appointed as the Chief Musliyar of the mosque at Tirurangadi, Eranad taluk.
The revolt of 1921-22 began following the arrest by the police of a number of Tenancy Association - Caliphate Movement - Indian National Congress leaders in August, 1921. Rumors that the British troops had destroyed the Mampuram Mosque led to wide-scale rioting throughout South Malabar against both wealthy Hindu landlords and the British.
Although the British army troops soon gained the upper hand in towns, a number of rebels embarked guerrilla operations, forcing the British to deploy additional military units and initiate "aggressive" patrolling. The revolt came to an end in February 1922. Ali Musliyar was among a dozen leaders tried and sentenced to death. He was hanged at the Coimbatore Prison on February 21, 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="30960285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960285" title="Urbasa">
Urbasa

The Urbasa Range ("Urbasa mendilerroa" in Basque and "Sierra de Urbasa" in Spanish) is a mountain range of western Navarre, Spain, part of the Basque Mountains. Its highest point is the 1,183 metres high Baiza. 
Urbasa is a karstic range where numerous nummulites fossils have been found. 
Together with the neighboring Andia range, Urbasa is part of the Urbasa-Andia Natural Park.

</doc>
<doc id="30960293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960293" title="Drew Baur">
Drew Baur

Andrew N. "Drew" Baur (April 25, 1944 – February 20, 2011) was a co-owner of the St. Louis Cardinals baseball team. Baur was a key member of the ownership group which purchased the team from Anheuser-Busch in March 1996. Baur served as the team's treasurer, and was a member of the Cardinals Board of Directors. 
Early life.
Baur was born in St. Louis, Missouri where he attended St. Louis Country Day School. He graduated from Washington and Lee University, and then earned his M.B.A. from Georgia State University. A huge Cardinals fan, he attended high school with Cardinals chairman Bill DeWitt Jr. The two remained lifetime friends, with DeWitt investing in Baur's bank and later joining Baur's group which acquired
the Cardinals.
Banking career.
Baur was a major player in the banking industry in the St. Louis area during his lifetime, serving as chairman of Southwest Bank and Country Bank of St. Louis. Baur and another Cardinals board member, Fred Hanser, put together the deal which formed Mississippi Valley Bancshares, a bank holding company, in 1984. Southwest Bank became one of its subsidiaries.
Baur was also the former president and chairman of Commerce Bank of St. Louis, and Mercantile Trust Company N.A.
Personal life.
Baur died of a heart attack at his home in Gulf Stream, Florida on February 20, 2011. Baur was survived by three children and seven grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="30960295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960295" title="Vance Breese">
Vance Breese

Vance Breese (1904–1973) was an American aviation engineer and test pilot.
Early years.
Vance Breese was born in Keystone, Washington, on April 20, 1904. His education, in his own words was: "various engineering extension courses." More than an engineer, he devoted his life to aviation.
Aviation career.
In 1926, Breese founded the (Vance) Breese Aircraft Company at Mills Field, San Francisco and was its President, from 1927 to 1934.
Competing in the 1926 National Air Tour, flying a Ryan M-1 monoplane with a Wright J-4 engine, he finished in eighth place, although he had actually been in first place when he reached Cleveland, Ohio, one of 14 cities in the competition. During the 15-day event which was the second annual commercial airplane reliability tour, Breese carried J. B. Alexander and A. L. Hufford as passengers.
Aviation companies.
The companies that Breese operated, appeared under various names, in 1927 as the Breese-(Arthur F. "Pop") Wilde Aircraft Construction Co/Breese Flying School. In 1928, after incorporation, the company moved to Watts Airport, Beaverton Oregon. In 1931 the Breese Aircraft Corporation relocated to Portland.
In 1932, as the Breese & (Charles) Dallas Inc relocated to Detroit. The Breese Aircraft Company became part of the Detroit Aircraft Company and in early 1932, together with Gerard "Jerry" Vultee, he founded the Airplane Development Corporation. In the same year, Breese became the Vice President of Air Express Corp, a short-lived operation that was established to operate a daily 17- to 18-hr service between New York and Los Angeles flying two Lockheed Vegas and three Lockheed Orions, exclusively for express mail with the first flight on December 12, 1932. Other cargos included Oranges from California, and Lobsters from New York.
In 1934, at the head of the Vance Breese Company, Breese moved back to California, setting up in Mines Field, Los Angeles.
Breese aircraft.
Breese aircraft were produced in small numbers, with seven Breese 5 monoplanes sold, including the "Pabco Pacific Flyer" that participated in the disastrous 1927 Dole Air Race from Oakland to Hawaii. On April 16, 1928, another Breese 5, piloted by Breese, had a total engine failure when the motor fell off its mounts over San Francisco. "By having his passengers move forward in the cabin to shift the c/g, Breese was able to maintain control and land safely on an open hillside." A single example of the 1928 Breese R-6-C (experimental dive bomber), 1931 Breese Junior, 1933 Breese R-6-3 and the Breese-Dallas X (used for film work and owned by Paul Mantz).
After American Airlines showed great interest in their six-passenger Vultee V-1 design, Errett Lobban (E.L.) Cord bought all 500 shares of stock in the company and the Airplane Development Corporation became a Cord subsidiary.
Due to the Air Mail Act of 1934, AVCO established the Aviation Manufacturing Corporation (AMC) on November 30, 1934 through the acquisition of Cord's holdings, including Vultee's Airplane Development Corporation. AMC was liquidated on January 1, 1936 and Vultee Aircraft Division was formed as an autonomous subsidiary of AVCO. Jerry Vultee was named vice president and chief engineer. Vultee acquired the assets of the defunct AMC, including Lycoming and Stinson Aircraft Company.
Meanwhile, Vultee and Breese had redesigned the V-1 to meet American Airlines' needs and created the eight-passenger V-1A. American purchased 11 V-1As, but the aircraft ultimately failed due to safety concerns about a single-engine aircraft and the advent of the twin-engine Douglas DC-2s and DC-3s. Vultee redesigned the V-1 into the V-11 attack aircraft for the United States Army Air Corps, but it received few initial orders. In November 1939, the Vultee Aircraft Division of AVCO was reorganized as an independent company but Breese was not part of the company at that point.
Test flying.
Breese was arguably the most highly qualified test pilot of his day, having flown more than 100 types of aircraft. The legend about Breese's charges was that he charged by the "foot of wingspan." His fees could be as high as $5,000 for a single flight.
During 1933–1934, Breese moved to California and worked for Fokker. In 1937, he also worked for Bennett Aircraft Corp. as consultant, VP and test pilot, instrumental in the design and testing of the Bennett BTC-1 Executive twin-engined transport. Breese joined North American in 1939–1940, as a Consultant Engineer and Test Pilot. In September 1939, Breese test flew the prototype Vultee P-66 Vanguard. On October 26, 1940, he was the first pilot to fly the NA-73X prototype that became the North American P-51 Mustang and completed the maiden flight of the North American B-25 Mitchell. Later, joining Northrop Corporation as a test pilot, he demonstrated the Northrop Navy fighter and Northrop N-3PB floatplane. As Northrop's Chief Test Pilot, Breese flew the Northrop N-1M on its maiden flight on July 3, 1941 and was at the controls of the first XP-61 prototype on May 26, 1942.
He was also a "contract" test pilot for Bell Aircraft, Douglas Aircraft Company and Lockheed. He was involved in the testing of the Bell P-39 Airacobra, Douglas SBD Dauntless and flew the Lockheed P-38 Lightning prototypes through a series of "flutter" tests. One of the unusual experiments in which Breese was involved, concerned the use of a parachute for an aircraft, successfully demonstrating the device in 1930.
When the experimental Keith Rider R-3 "Firecracker" racer was rebuilt after a crash, Breese flew the R-3 for a time intending to set a few world speed records before the 1935 National Air Races.
Breese died on June 26, 1973 in Los Angeles. He was listed as an Honorary Fellow of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots. His son and namesake, Vance Bresse Jr. is a renowned motorcycle racer, software designer and pilot, who has followed in his father's footsteps as an aircraft designer in the Breese Aircraft company he founded.

</doc>
<doc id="30960296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960296" title="Iceland Frozen Foods Ltd v Jones">
Iceland Frozen Foods Ltd v Jones

Iceland Frozen Foods Ltd v Jones ICR 17 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Mr Jones was summarily dismissed for failing to lock a door, and taking part in a ‘go slow’ shift while on security duties. Mr Jones claimed it was unfair. The employer contended it was justified.
Judgment.
Browne-Wilkinson J remitted the case to tribunal with the observation that the haste of the dismissal was probably unwise. In interpreting what is or is not fair, the following should be considered.

</doc>
<doc id="30960297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960297" title="Narcissus jonquilla">
Narcissus jonquilla

Narcissus jonquilla (Jonquil, Rush daffodil) is a bulbous flowering plant, a species of "Narcissus" (daffodil) that is native to Spain and Portugal, but has now become naturalised in many other regions: France, Italy, Turkey, the former Yugoslavia, Madeira, British Columbia, Utah, Illinois, Ohio, and the southeastern United States from Texas to Maryland. 
"Narcissus jonquilla" bears long, narrow, rush-like leaves (hence the name "jonquil", Spanish "junquillo", from the Latin "juncus" = "rush"). In late spring it bears heads of up to five scented yellow or white flowers. It is a parent of numerous varieties within Division 7 of the horticultural classification. Division 7 in the Royal Horticultural Society classification of "Narcissus" includes "N. jonquilla" and "N. apodanthus" hybrids and cultivars that show clear characteristics of those two species.
"N. jonquilla" has been cultivated since the 18th century in France as the strongest of the "Narcissus" species used in Narcissus Oil, a component of many modern perfumes.

</doc>
<doc id="30960309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960309" title="C1QL1">
C1QL1

The complement component 1, q subcomponent-like 1 (or C1QL1) is encoded by a gene located at chromosome 17q21.31. It is a secreted protein and is 258 amino acids in length.
The protein is widely expressed but its expression is highest in the brain and may also be involved in regulation of motor control.
The pre-mRNA of this protein is subject to RNA editing.
Protein function.
Its physiological function is unknown. It is a member of the C1Q domain proteins which have important signalling roles in inflammation and in adaptive immunity.
RNA editing.
Editing type.
The pre-mRNA of this protein is subject to A to I RNA editing, which is catalyzed by a family of adenosine deaminases acting on RNA (ADARs) that specifically recognize adenosines within double-stranded regions of pre-mRNAs and deaminate them to inosine. Inosines are recognised as guanosine by the cell's translational machinery. There are three members of the ADAR family: ADARs 1-3, with ADAR 1 and ADAR 2 being the only enzymatically active members. ADAR 3 is thought to have a regulatory role in the brain. ADAR 1 and ADAR 2 are widely expressed in tissues while ADAR 3 is restricted to the brain. The double-stranded regions of RNA are formed by base-pairing between residues in a region complementary to the region of the editing site. This complementary region is usually found in a neighbouring intron but can also be located in an exonic sequence. The region that pairs with the editing region is known as an Editing Complementary Sequence (ECS).
Editing sites.
The candidate editing sites were determined experimentally by comparison of cDNA sequences and genomically encoded DNA from the same individual to avoid single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs). Two of the three editing sites found in mouse gene were found in the human transcript.
However only the Q/R site was detected in all RNA, with the T/A site detected just once. Both sites are found within exon 1.
Q/R site
This site is found in exon 1 at position 66. Editing results in a codon change from a Glutamine codon to an Arginine codon.
T/A site
This site is also found in exon 1, at position 63. It was only detected in one genomic sample indicating that the edited residue may be an SNP. However, the secondary structure of the RNA is predicted, around the editing site, to be highly conserved in mice and humans. This indicates that the T/A site may still be shown to be a site of A to I RNA editing. Editing at this site would result in an amino acid change from a Threonine to an Alanine.
The ECS is also predicted to be found within exon 1 at a location 5' to the editing region.
Editing regulation.
Editing is differentially expressed in the cerebellum and cortex. This regulation is also present in mice suggesting conservation of editing regulation. No editing has been detected in human lung, heart, kidney or spleen tissue.
Evolutionary conservation.
The sequence of exon 1 is highly conserved in mammalian species and editing of the pre-mRNA of this protein is likely to occur in mice, rat, dog and cow as well as humans. Even though the ECS is not conserved in non-mammals, an alternative ECS has been predicted in Zebrafish with a similar structure but in a different location. The Ecs is found downstram of the editing sites.
Effects on Protein structure.
These predicted editing sites result in the translation of an Arginine instead of a Glutamine at the Q/R site and an Alanine instead of a Threonine at the T/A site. These codon changes are nonsynomonous. Since the editing sites are located just before a collagen like trimerization domain, editing may effect protein oligomerization. This region is also likely to be a protease domain. It is not known if the amino acid changes caused by editing could have an effect on these domains.

</doc>
<doc id="30960320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960320" title="Voras mountain range">
Voras mountain range

The Voras Mountain Range or Nije-Kozhuf (, are a mountain range in the Balkan Peninsula that lies on the border between the Republic of Macedonia and Greece. 
Sub-ranges.
The mountain range is typically divided in three mountain sub-ranges:
Geography.
The mountains form a natural barrier between the Mediterranean and sub-continental climate in the region. The southern slopes drop down rapidly and encircle the Meglen field while the northern slopes gradually fall down towards the rivers Crna and Boshavica.
The mountain range hosts a ski resort at Kozhuf and the hot springs at Loutra Loutrakiou

</doc>
<doc id="30960321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960321" title="Hakan Akman">
Hakan Akman

Hakan Akman (born 9 October 1989) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Şanlıurfaspor in the TFF Second League, on loan from Samsunspor. Akman is also a youth international.

</doc>
<doc id="30960323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960323" title="Brian Gulliver's Travels">
Brian Gulliver's Travels

"Brian Gulliver's Travels" is a satirical comedy series and also a novel created and written by Bill Dare, first broadcast on 21 February 2011 on BBC Radio 4. A second series first broadcast on 25 June 2012 on BBC Radio 4 Extra. The series is a modern pastiche of the Jonathan Swift novel "Gulliver's Travels". The series revolves around the character Brian Gulliver, played by Neil Pearson. Gulliver is a travel documentary presenter who at the beginning of series is revealed to have been missing for six years, claiming to have travelled to the previously undiscovered continent of Clafrenia. His stories lead him to being put in psychiatric hospital where they believe that he is suffering some sort of delusion. In each episode he is visited by his daughter Rachel (Mariah Gale), who writes about the countries that he claims to have visited.
Production.
"Brian Gulliver's Travels" is created and written by Bill Dare. According to the BBC website: "For years Bill Dare wanted to create a satire about different worlds exploring 's idea that we travel, 'not just to explore civilizations, but to better understand our own'. But science fiction and space ships never interested him, so he put the idea on ice. Then Brian Gulliver arrived and meant that our hero could be lost in a fictional world without the need for any sci-fi."
The BBC website also says that the original "Gulliver's Travels" was the only book that Dare read whilst he was at university.
The Book.
The novel, inspired by some stories in the radio series, is published by Pilrig Press, 4 July 2013. 
It begins: 
"At half past ten, nine days after my 21st birthday, I made my way to a psychiatric hospital in Highgate, North London, to meet my father, who had been missing for six years. In the two weeks since his reappearance, he had sent numerous emails in which he described “extraordinary worlds, and curious beings".
Reception.
Of the novel, Ian Hislop wrote: "A modern tale that keeps the flavour of the original classic, cleverly managing to provoke both laughter - and thought".
Gillian Reynolds, radio critic for "The Daily Telegraph", praised "Brian Gulliver's Travels" saying that Gulliver was a "marvellous character" and that the series was "allusive, relevant, full of surprises, satirical in the true spirit of Swift. And very funny." Talking about the first episode, which was a satire on health and doctors, she said: "A nimbler reflection on achieving a national state of health is hard to imagine."
A review of the first episode in "The Stage" said that, "the point of Bill Dare's highly original format was to both satirise and issue a warning about the nanny state" and that, "The series began on an amusing and thought-provoking note."
Merchandise.
The first episode of "Brian Gulliver's Travels" was made available on the BBC's "Comedy of the Week" podcast on 28 February 2011. Likewise, the first episode of the second series was also released in the "Comedy of the Week" podcast (9 August 2012). The entire first series was released by AudioGo on 8 August 2011.
The novel is available at many retail outlets and online stores including Amazon, Waterstones, and Pilrig Press. 

</doc>
<doc id="30960326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960326" title="British Rail Class 345">
British Rail Class 345

Class 345 are a planned Bombardier Aventra design electric multiple unit to be built for London's Crossrail. A £1 billion procurement process for 65 nine-car trains with a passenger capacity of 1,500; and a maintenance at a depot at Old Oak Common was begun in December 2010. The contract was awarded to Bombardier Transportation in February 2014. 
History.
Background and specifications.
In 2008 the UK government's rolling stock plan stated a requirement for around 600 passenger rail vehicles for Crossrail, expected to be similar in design to the Thameslink rolling stock), to meet the design improvement requirements of the 'Rail Technical Strategy' (RTS) published 2007, including in-cab signalling/communication including satellite and ERTMS level 3 technologies, regenerative braking, low cost of operation and high reliability, with low weight and high acceleration.
The publicly released specifications included a passenger capacity of 1500, with 450 seated in a fully air-conditioned train no longer than with a top speed of , and an energy efficiency as good as 24 kW·h per train-kilometre. Integration with Platform screen doors is also expected. The contract included construction of a depot at Old Oak Common; the capital value was estimated at around £1 billion, the total value may be greater due to the winning bidder expected to undertake maintenance of the trains for three decades.
The procurement programme was launched in December 2010. The package valued at approximately £1bn was for 60 high-capacity ten-carriage trains with a capacity of about 1,500 passengers and construction of maintenance depots. 
Bidding process and funding.
In March 2011, Crossrail announced that Alstom, Bombardier, CAF, Hitachi and Siemens had been shortlisted. The initial bidding process was expected to start in late 2011, with a contract decision in 2013.
In August 2011 the invitation to tender was delayed by one year to 2012 and the contract decision to 2014, with the introduction of trains on the Great Eastern Main Line expected from May 2017 (previously December 2016), with a correspondingly shortended production schedule. The delay was a cost-saving measure to avoid new vehicles being unused whilst Crossrail tunnelling was completed; it also postponed bidding until after a review of governmental procurement processes. Alstom withdrew from the bidding process in August 2011, stating it lacked a suitable developed product. Concerns about taxpayer value for money on PFI funded projects led to Transport for London (TfL) seeking to purchase the trains outright. In December 2011 the request to raise the debt ceiling at TfL to allow the acquisition with public funds was refused by the Department for Transport.
In February 2012 an "invitation to negotiate" was issued, which included clauses on 'responsible procurement' relating to UK supply chain sourcing and training opportunities; the procurement became politicised after Bombardier failed to win the Thameslink rolling stock programme, and said it may have to close its UK assembly plant (Derby Litchurch Lane) if it did not win the Crossrail contract.
Formal bids were expected in mid-2012, with a decision in early 2014, based on the roposed product meeting the design requirements, and on value for money. Procurement is expected to be partly public and partly privately financed. In September 2012 the government announced that it would underwrite a further £240million of the project cost under its 'UK Guarantees' infrastructure credit funding scheme, in addition to the 30 per cent of the project being government funded.
Siemens withdrew from the tendering process in July 2013 citing a likelihood of insufficient production capacity in the production timeframe. In December 2013 the European Investment Bank (EIB) agreed to provide loans to Transport for London for the rolling stock of up to £500 million. On 6 February 2014 it was announced that Canada's Bombardier had been awarded a £1bn contract to supply 65 trains. with an option for 18 more.

</doc>
<doc id="30960346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960346" title="Williams v Compair Maxam Ltd">
Williams v Compair Maxam Ltd

Williams v Compair Maxam Ltd ICR 156 ([http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKEAT/1982/372_81_2201.html EAT) is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Compair Maxam Ltd was losing business. Departmental managers picked teams of core staff who could be retained to keep the business viable. They chose on personal preference for what they thought would be good for the company, but the union was not consulted. Other employees were dismissed for redundancy and given money beyond statutory minima. Five workers claimed dismissal was unfair.
The Tribunal dismissed the claims, saying that the managers’ preferences were a reasonable way of doing the job. This was appealed on grounds of perversity.
Judgment.
Browne-Wilkinson J said that there was an error of law by reaching a conclusion so perverse on the facts. The dismissal selection was unfair, ‘the correct approach is to consider whether an industrial tribunal, properly directed in law and properly appreciating what is currently regarded as fair industrial practice, could have reached the decision reached by the majority of this tribunal. We have reached the conclusion that it could not.’ His judgment was as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="30960349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960349" title="Flamingo express">
Flamingo express

The Flamingo Express is a phrase coined by the Drug Enforcement Administration as a reference to the illegal trade of prescription pills whose origins are from the state of Florida. Florida Gov. Rick Scott, stating there is no funding, has recently proposed to repeal the yet to be enacted Florida drug trafficking law and monitoring system that was targeted to combat the Flamingo Express over the objections of New York state senator Chuck Schumer and 3 other senators

</doc>
<doc id="30960352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960352" title="Donald Cameron (bishop)">
Donald Cameron (bishop)

Ewen Donald Cameron (born 7 November 1926) was an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney. He was the Bishop of North Sydney.
Cameron was educated at Sydney Church of England Grammar School. After an earlier career in accountancy he was ordained in 1959. He was a curate at Chatswood, New South Wales and then a lecturer at Moore Theological College until 1963. He was rector of Bellevue Hill, New South Wales and then Federal Secretary of CMS Australia until 1972. He was Archdeacon of Cumberland until his ordination to the episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="30960355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960355" title="Corinthus">
Corinthus

In Greek mythology, Corinthus was the eponymous founder of the city of Corinth and the adjacent land. According to the local Corinthian tradition, he was a son of Zeus, but this tradition was not followed elsewhere.
He may or may not be the same figure as:

</doc>
<doc id="30960371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960371" title="Caner Çolak">
Caner Çolak

Caner Çolak (born 30 June 1991) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Mardinspor in the TFF Second League, on loan from Samsunspor.

</doc>
<doc id="30960378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960378" title="Lord Wolfson">
Lord Wolfson

Lord Wolfson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30960381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960381" title="Simone Cecchetti">
Simone Cecchetti

Simone Cecchetti (born September 14, 1973) is an Italian portrait photographer.
In his career, Cecchetti has been photographing music and entertainment performers in Europe and Japan. His portfolio contains pictures taken in more than 1000 concerts for over 600 artists. His portrait of Mick Jagger has been chosen for the exhibition "Mick Jagger. The photobook", which was presented in the French photography festival Rencontres d'Arles in summer 2010.
Among other portraits: Madonna, Nick Cave, Aerosmith, U2, Depeche Mode, George Michael, Lady Gaga, Elvis Costello, Bruce Springsteen.
His pictures have been published on "Rolling Stone", "GQ", "Mojo". He works for Corbis, the American image licensing company founded by Bill Gates.
In 2010 he has been chosen to photograph the mounting and the opening of MAXXI in Rome, the contemporary arts museum designed by Zaha Hadid.
In 2011 his "Visions" project focused on the artistic content within music shows.
In the same year his picture of ZZ Top was selected to be in the book "Music:Box", edited by Gino Castaldo and published by Contrasto. The same book has been translated and published worldwide by six other publishers.
In 2011 Cecchetti started to work with A.S. Roma, with the aim to transfer his "rock and roll" style in sportsmen portraits.

</doc>
<doc id="30960384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960384" title="Ivana Stanković">
Ivana Stanković

Ivana Stanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивана Станковић) is a Serbian model . and is one of the judges of the show Srpski Top Model (Serbian version of America's Next Top Model) which is broadcast on Prva Srpska Televizija. She was on the cover of the Italian Vogue. Ivana was also the face of Armani for five years. In addition, she worked for Police sunglasses with Bruce Willis, and in 2011 she wrote autobiography "Bez daha" (Breathless). She also worked for: Gucci, Armani, Donna Karan, Missoni, Calvin Klein.

</doc>
<doc id="30960391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960391" title="Roger Harrop">
Roger Harrop

Roger Harrop is an English, business consultant, public speaker and author. Harrop is a former plc CEO and accredited business advisor. He is the author of ‘Staying in the Helicopter - the key to profitable growth’ ISBN 0-9549586-1-6
He is a Fellow of the Professional Speaking Association in the United Kingdom and a recipient of their Professional Speaking Award of Excellence and is a Member of the National Speakers Association in the United States. Harrop is a Past President of the Professional Speaking Association in the UK. He is a Fellow and former Vice President of The Institution of Mechanical Engineers, a Fellow of The Chartered Institute of Marketing, a Liveryman with The Worshipful Company of Marketors and a Fellow of the Institute for Independent Business.
Harrop lives near Oxford and is married to Christine.

</doc>
<doc id="30960397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960397" title="Clube Náutico da Ilha de Luanda">
Clube Náutico da Ilha de Luanda

Clube Náutico da Ilha de Luanda, short CNIL (), is a sports club in the city of Luanda, Angola. 
Founded on February 28, 1924, under the name "Nun'Alvares Sports Club" ("Clube Desportivo Nun’Alvares"), a name it kept until April 11, 1979, when following the order of the secretary of the National Council of Physical Education and Sport of Angola, which stated, that clubs with names related to colonialism should proceed to its replacement, the club had to change his name.
Since its foundation it is the yacht club with most titles in Angola to date.

</doc>
<doc id="30960400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960400" title="Marygiri Senior Secondary School">
Marygiri Senior Secondary School

"Marygiri Senior Secondary School" is a CBSE school in Kerala, India, a private institution run by the CST Brothers. It is situated in Podikkalam, near Sreekandapuram town, in the Kannur district of Kerala. The school serves students from kindergarten to higher secondary level. Students of Marygiri are called Marygirians.
History.
Marygiri Senior Secondary School was established in 1989 by the Congregation of Saint Thérèse of Lisieux, a religious order dedicated to social welfare activities founded by Mar Augustine Kandathil in 1931. For facilitating the administration of academic institutions the congregation framed a trust by name CST Brothers Education Trust, Sreekandapuram, and the school is presently administered by the trust.
Courses.
CBSE.
The school has been affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi in 1998. It was upgraded a Senior Secondary School in 2004. The school follows the syllabus prescribed by the CBSE, to which it is affiliated.
Sports.
Basketball.
Basketball is the most popular and the official game of the school. The school has two well maintained basketball courts. Many inter-school competitions have been conducted at the school. The school is a dominant figure in the North Kerala basketball. There is regular coaching in basketball.
Football.
Football enjoys popularity among students.

</doc>
<doc id="30960403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960403" title="Lifeline (The Answering Machine album)">
Lifeline (The Answering Machine album)

Lifeline is the second and final studio album by Manchester band The Answering Machine. It was released on 21 February 2011 in the United Kingdom on Heist or Hit Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30960408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960408" title="David Bruce (physician)">
David Bruce (physician)

David Bruce (fl. 1660), was a Scottish physician.
Bruce was the son of Andrew Bruce, D.D., principal (from 1630 to 1647) of St. Leonard's College in St. Andrew's University. He was first educated at St. Andrews, and proceeded M.A. there. Later he went to France, and studied physic at Paris and Montpellier. He intended taking a medical degree at Padua; but the plague kept him from Italy, and he finally graduated M.D. at Valence in Dauphiny on 7 May 1657. On 27 March 1660 Bruce was incorporated doctor of physic at Oxford. He was associated with his great-uncle, Sir John Wedderburne, in the office of physician to the Duke and Duchess of York. But after fulfilling, in consequence of Wedderburne's infirmities, all the duties of the post for many years, he resigned the office and travelled abroad. Subsequently he settled at Edinburgh, and was there 'in good repute for his practice.' Wood speaks of him as still living in Edinburgh in 1690. Bruce was admitted candidate of the College of Physicians on 24 December 1660, and was an original member of the Royal Society.

</doc>
<doc id="30960410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960410" title="That's What I Am">
That's What I Am

"That's What I Am" is a 2011 comedy-drama film directed by Michael Pavone and starring Ed Harris and Chase Ellison. It received a limited release on April 29, 2011, and was later released on DVD on July 15, 2011.
Plot.
A coming-of-age story set in 1965 that follows 12-year-old Andy Nichol (Chase Ellison), a bright student who, like most kids his age, will do anything to avoid conflict for fear of suffering overwhelming ridicule and punishment from his junior high school peers. Everyone's favorite teacher, Mr. Simon (Ed Harris), pairs Andy with the school's biggest outcast and social pariah, Stanley, aka "Big G" (Alexander Walters), on a critical term project. Sporting thick orange hair, a head too big for his body and ears too big for his head, "Big G" has been the object of ridicule since grade school. Before long, Andy will learn that there was truly a method behind Mr. Simon's madness as to why he teamed these two up. As the story unfolds, Mr. Simon finds himself the target of a malicious rumor after Principal Kelner (Amy Madigan) suspends a school bully for brutally beating up a female classmate whom he thinks has "cooties." When Andy watches "Big G" fearlessly confront the school bully, a series of events are triggered which change the lives of both young men - and their teacher - forever. Much to Andy's surprise, "Big G" is a brilliant, kind, tolerant and decent human being who has more dignity than anyone Andy has ever encountered.
Reception.
In its limited theatrical release of 10 theaters, the film grossed about $6,400 for three days.

</doc>
<doc id="30960457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960457" title="Edward Bruce (disambiguation)">
Edward Bruce (disambiguation)

Edward Bruce (c. 1280 – 1318), was the brother of Robert I of Scotland.
Edward Bruce is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30960469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960469" title="Journalism, Media and Communication, University of Central Lancashire">
Journalism, Media and Communication, University of Central Lancashire

The School of Journalism, Media and Communication, University of Central Lancashire is one of the UK's longest established centres of journalism teaching, growing out of the Harris College, Preston.
Undergraduate and postgraduate courses are accredited by the Broadcast Journalism Training Council, the National Council for the Training of Journalists and the Periodicals Training Council, the training arm of the Periodical Publishers Association.
The University of Central Lancashire has received positive coverage of its academic standards in journalism, with The Times opining, in 2008, that ""It is acknowledged as one of the leading centres for the teaching of journalism in Britain"".
In 2010, the University won the Broadcast Journalism Training Council's award for general excellence.
History.
The School of Journalism, Media and Communication grew out of the Harris College, Preston, which launched its first print journalism course in 1962. The college later became part of Preston Polytechnic. In 1982, the first postgraduate diploma in Broadcast Journalism was launched with support from the BBC and ITV, followed by a postgraduate diploma in Newspaper Journalism. The undergraduate degree in journalism was launched in 1991 before the polytechnic became the University of Central Lancashire.
The School now includes six divisions. They are Journalism, Film and Media Studies, Media Technology, Language and Linguistics, Literature and Cultures, and Media Practice.
Faculty.
The Head of the School is Mike Ward, a former BBC journalist and author of "Journalism Online".
Honorary Fellows include Mark Thompson, Richard Frediani (Head of News at Granada), Lucy Meacock, Kate Adie, Anna Ford and Fiona Armstrong.
A notable feature of the School is the Harris lecture series, which regularly brings senior media figures to Preston, including Jon Snow, Janet Street-Porter, Simon Kelner, The Independent editor Chris Blackhurst, Evening Standard editor Geordie Greig, Kim Fletcher, Stephen Mitchell (journalist) and Andrew Jennings.

</doc>
<doc id="30960482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960482" title="Peter von Vécsey">
Peter von Vécsey

Peter, Freiherr von Vécsey or Peter Vécsey de Hernádvécse et Hajnácskeő (; 13 July 1768 – 21 July 1809) was an Imperial Austrian military commander of Hungarian descent who took part in the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars. As a "Freiherr" (Baron), he was a member of the Austrian landless nobility. He make his mark while leading cavalry units and advanced in rank to become a general officer in 1808. He led an independent brigade during part of the 1809 campaign, and was mortally wounded while leading his troops in battle.
Early career.
Peter Vécsey de Hernádvécse et Hajnácskeő was born into a military family on 13 July 1768 at Bodolló, Abaúj County in the Kingdom of Hungary. Having joined the army at age 17, Vécsey served in the Austrian cavalry. As a "Rittmeister", he served in the "Kaiser" Chevauleger Regiment Nr. 1 during the War of the First Coalition, leading 15 troopers in a notable action on 25 August 1796, in which he captured a large number of French prisoners. He was also involved in a brilliant action at the Battle of Riegel on 20 October that year, when he led a charge that captured an enemy outpost, with its defending infantry and two guns. After being wounded in this action, he received the Military Order of Maria Theresa as well as the noble title of Freiherr. A relative, Feldmarschallleutnant Siegbert Vécsey de Hernádvécse et Hajnácskeő (1739–1802) was the Proprietor of "Vécsey" Hussar Regiment Nr. 34 (later Nr. 4) from 1791 until his death.
Napoleonic Wars.
Vécsey became renowned for leading from the front. He became "Oberst" (Colonel) of the "Archduke Ferdinand" Hussar Regiment Nr. 3, which he led at the Battle of Caldiero on 29–31 October 1805 during the War of the Third Coalition. On 14 August 1808 he was promoted to "General-major". In 1809 during the War of the Fifth Coalition, he was given command of a brigade in the Austrian II Armeekorps, which was led by Feldzeugmeister Johann Kollowrat. His brigade included the 7th and 8th Jäger Battalions, the 2nd Battalion of the "Archduke Charles" Legion, the "Klenau" Chevauleger Regiment Nr. 5, and a brigade battery with eight 3-pound cannons. The division commander was Feldmarschallleutnant Johann von Klenau. At the beginning of the campaign, his brigade was detached from its army corps and served as an independent link between the I and II Armeekorps north of the Danube and the III, IV, V, VI, I Reserve, and II Reserve Armeekorps south of the river. The brigade operated on the south bank.
At the Battle of Aspern-Essling on 21 and 22 May 1809, Vécsey led a cavalry brigade consisting of the "Vincent" Chevauleger Regiment Nr. 4 and the "Klenau" Chevaulegers. His division commander was Feldmarschallleutnant Michael von Kienmayer. At the Battle of Wagram on 5 and 6 July, he commanded a brigade in Feldmarschallleutnant Armand von Nordmann's Advance Guard. His unit was made up of the "Wallach-Illyrian" Grenz Infantry Regiment Nr. 13, the "Hessen-Homburg" Hussars Nr. 4, and six 6-pound guns of a cavalry battery. He was fatally wounded leading his men during the second day of the battle. He died at Mikulov (Nikolsburg) in Bohemia on 21 July 1809, having never married. Vécsey was one of four Austrian generals slain or mortally wounded at Wagram, the others being Feldmarschallleutnants Josef Philipp Vukassovich, Konstantin Ghilian Karl d'Aspré, and Nordmann. He was the nephew of General-Major Stephan Vécsey de Vécse et Hajnácskeö (1719–1802), a veteran of the Seven Years' War. Another relative, "General-Major" August Vécsey de Hernádvécse et Hajnácskeő also led a brigade at Wagram.

</doc>
<doc id="30960484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960484" title="The Leopard (Nesbø novel)">
The Leopard (Nesbø novel)

The Leopard is a crime novel by Norwegian novelist, Jo Nesbø. Its Norwegian title is "Panserhjerte", which does not directly translate to The Leopard; it rather means something along the lines of "armoured heart". Moreover, "leopard" refers to the stealthy tread of the killer in the book, while "armoured heart" is what Harry Hole himself gains by his experiences. "Panserhjerte" is also a Norwegian term for Constrictive pericarditis. "The Leopard" is the eighth novel featuring Nesbø's crime detective, Inspector Harry Hole.
Synopsis.
Following the traumatic events of the previous novel, "The Snowman", former police inspector Harry Hole has exiled himself in Hong Kong. Kaja Solness, a new Norwegian Crime Squad officer, tracks down Hole and asks for his help in investigating a series of possible serial murders in Oslo. Solness convinces Hole to return when she tells him that his father, Olav, is seriously ill and will not live much longer.
Harry returns to the Crime Squad unit to find it engaged in a power struggle with Kripos—Norway's national crime investigation unit that investigates organized and serious crime. Its power-hungry head, Mikael Bellman, seeks to have all Norwegian murder investigations placed under his agency's jurisdiction. From the very moment of landing in Norway, Hole finds himself the target of Bellman's hostility—though the head of Kripos is not averse to obtaining the results of Hole's investigation and taking credit for them.
Harry is reluctant to become involved in the murder investigation until a female MP is found murdered in a public park. Contrary to Bellman's conclusions, Hole believes that the MP's murder is connected to the two other murders. He and Solness, teaming up with Harry's former colleagues at Crime Squad, start trying to find the killer, working under cover since the MP murder case is officially assigned to Kripos. While working together, Harry and Kaja find they have much in common and are increasingly drawn to each other, leading to a tempestuous love affair.
Hole and Solness discover that all three victims had stayed at the same ski lodge some time previously, all on the same night. Harry deduces that the murders are part of the killer's attempts to cover up his trail. Suspicion initially falls on a man known to have been at the ski lodge at the time, but he is eliminated from the enquiry when it is discovered that he has been murdered by the killer.
Though still no love is lost between them, Harry forces Bellman to include him on the Kripos team. Harry then finds that another person had been at the ski lodge at the time of the first three murders. However, that person is in Australia and she refuses a request to be bait for the killer. Then Harry and Solness instigate a sting operation to draw out the killer, which fails and almost costs them their lives when the killer outsmarts them.
Following a discussion with The Snowman, from his previous case, Harry believes that the murderer is someone whom he knows and who has become close to him. This person is arrested but, unfortunately, Harry's instincts are proven wrong. It is then discovered that the real killer has fled to the Congo, where Harry and Solness pursue the killer. There Harry—and separately Solness—are kidnapped by associates of the killer. Harry manages to escape and, following clues given by one of the killer's associates, finally confronts and kills the murderer at the lip of a live volcano.
Later, at the funeral of his father, Harry spots his former lover, Rakel, and her son, Oleg, who have fled from Norway following the events of The Snowman murders. At this short meeting, Harry manages to confirm that they are happy away from Norway. It becomes apparent that Rakel is the one great love of Harry's life—that no other woman can truly replace her, and that Kaja's deep love for Harry and her aspiration to build a life together with him are doomed to failure and to heartbreak. The poignant farewell scene is reminiscent of a similar scene at the end of "The Redeemer", where Harry ended a budding affair with Martine, a Salvation Army woman with whom he had become involved.
Harry returns to see The Snowman, who is gravely ill and who feels some remorse for his crimes. It is tacitly suggested that Harry helps The Snowman to commit suicide out of remorse for having failed to follow his father's request for him to perform euthanasia.
By the end of the novel, Harry has accumulated many new traumatic memories and haunting "ghosts"—having been very near death several time. He mutilated his own face to get free of the killer's fiendish trap. He shot an African mercenary who turned out to be a young boy. He twice saved Kaja's life by ruthlessly sacrificing somebody else's: during an avalanche, while resuscitating Kaja, he allows another police officer to suffocate to death and, at the final showdown in Africa, while shooting down the murderer, Harry inadvertently kills another woman who was held hostage. Though not facing any charges for these deaths, Harry is well aware of what he has done and is determined to return to Hong Kong for good.
Style.
Compared to the other novels in the series, "The Leopard" has a more cinematic and action-oriented style, taking place across three continents. "The Leopard" also contains excessive violence. Nesbø has expressed regret for a couple of scenes in the book.
One of the main characters, Kaja Solness, may be a reference to "The Master Builder", one of Henrik Ibsen's most well known plays. The play centers on a man named Halvard Solness, whose son is engaged to a woman named Kaja [http://markronan.wordpress.com/2010/11/17/the-master-builder-almeida-theatre-islington-london-november-2010/]. Nesbø is likely to be familiar with the play, which is a classic of Norwegian culture (and of world theatre in general). The writer has not, however, made any statement on the possible connection between Ibsen's character and his own.
The Leopold's Apple device that is a central feature of the novel is an invention of Nesbø's that stems from a childhood memory of accepting a dare to eat a whole apple while it was still attached to the tree.
Translation.
As with the previous Harry Hole novels, "The Leopard" is translated from Norwegian into English by Don Bartlett.

</doc>
<doc id="30960486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960486" title="Elijah Ngurare">
Elijah Ngurare

Tjitunga Elijah Ngurare is a Namibian politician serving as the secretary general of the SWAPO Party Youth League since 2007. In 2012, he was re-elected unopposed for a second term.
Education.
He studied at Kolin Foundation Secondary School in Namibia, where he served as Student Representative Council (SRC) president, among other positions. He studied at the Central State University, Ohio (USA) with a Presidential Honours Scholarship, where he served as a tutor in the English Writing Lab, as a senator on Student Government and was founder, and president of the International Students Association. He graduated Magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Science degree in Water Resources Management and International Relations. While studying in Ohio, he spent his summers in New Mexico and Texas, working as a counselor at Camp Balcones Springs near Austin, Texas, as a laborer on road construction with the Armstrong Construction Company, and as a dishwasher at Taco Bell, where he was named Employee of the Month after only two weeks.
He then pursued a Master of Laws from the University of Dundee, Scotland, where he held a British Chevening Scholarship. He has completed a thesis entitled “Establishing Environmental Law in Developing Economies on the basis of Selected Principles of International Environmental Law: The Southern African Development Community Case Study” under the supervision of Dr. Owen McIntyre. He has presented papers at a number of national and international conferences and during his studies he traveled extensively throughout Southern Africa, China and India. Ngurare successfully completed his thesis in April 2009 and was conferred with his PhD on 18 June 2009 from the National University of Ireland, Cork, Republic of Ireland.
Political career.
Ngurare's political activeness began in 1983 at Nkurenkuru High School and continued at Linus Shashipapo Secondary School where he was a student during the founding of the student movement Namibia National Students Organisation in 1984. He held various student positions and was active in Section, Branches and District Leadership of SWAPO Party Youth League. Ngurare rose to political prominence as Secretary of Information, Publicity and Mobilisation of the SWAPO Party Youth League (SPYL) under Paulus Kapia in 2002 before becoming its secretary general in 2007, and being subsequently re-elected in 2012 for a second term unopposed respectively.
He is serving as board of directors on the boards of Namdeb Holdings (Pty) Ltd, Namdeb Diamond Corporation (Pty) Ltd, Africa Online (Pty) Ltd, MultiChoice Namibia, Kalahari Holdings (Pty) Ltd and Namibia Water Corporation Ltd.
Personal life.
He was born in a peasant family at Nkurenkuru (located on the border between Namibia and Angola) during the heat of the liberation struggle in the face of African resistance led by SWAPO against Apartheid tyranny. His father had four wives and his mother was the youngest in the union. As a little boy, he looked after his father’s cattle and goats like all other boys at the time. Ngurare is the first born to his mother’s nine children. Ngurare is married to Albertina Mbute Ngurare and has four children. He is Lutheran by religion and an ardent church goer.

</doc>
<doc id="30960489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960489" title="Quentin Ferreira">
Quentin Ferreira

Quentin Ferreira (born 28 December 1972) is a former South Arican cricketer. Ferreira was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born in East London, Cape Province.
In a professional career that lasted from the 1996/97 to the 1998/99 South African cricket seasons, Ferreira played both the first-class and List A formats of the game with four different sides. Debuting in the 1996/97 season for Eastern Province, he proceeded to play first-class and List A cricket for Eastern Province B, Northerns B and Northerns. He later played List A cricket in England for the Surrey Cricket Board in 1999, making two appearances in the 1999 NatWest Trophy against Norfolk in the 1st round and Cheshire in the 2nd round.
In his first-class career, he played 18 times scoring 374 runs at a batting average of 23/37, with a single half century high score of 63*. A bowling all rounder, Ferreira took 57 wickets at a bowling average of 24.38, with best figures of 4/17. Ferreira played nearly an equal amount of List A matches, playing 22. In these he scored 128 runs at an average of 21.33, with a high score of 34*. With the ball he took 26 wickets at an average 30.88, with best figures of 3/40. In the field he took 5 catches.
His older brother, Dean, represented Orange Free State at first-class and List A level.

</doc>
<doc id="30960493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960493" title="AN/FPS-85">
AN/FPS-85

AN/FPS-85 Spacetrack Radar (or Space Surveillance Radar) is a very large fixed-array radar located in Florida, developed by Air Force Rome Air Development Center (RADC). The unique aspect of this radar is the phased array antenna technology. The beam formed by it extends from 155° to 205° in azimuth and is scanned at 35° elevation. It is the only phased array radar dedicated to tracking more than 16,000 near-earth and deep-space objects.
Its predecessor was experimental L-band Electronically Steerable Array Radar (ESAR) built by Bendix Corporation.
Radar construction began in October 1962, testing was scheduled for May 1965, but space operations began in January 1969 (due to building and equipment destruction in January 1965 in a fire caused by arcing electrical equipment).

</doc>
<doc id="30960494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960494" title="Fatih Egedik">
Fatih Egedik

Fatih Egedik (born 2 May 1982) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Altay Izmir. Egedik was also a youth international. He studied at Ege University.
Club career.
Egedik started in 2000 with Altai as a defensive midfielder. At the end of 2008, he was transferred to Konyaspor'a. He played hired in 2009 by Manisaspor'da. Konyaspor'un terminated its contract with the Super League player. In 2010, he was transferred to Mersin Dormitory then went to Altay'a in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30960498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960498" title="Malpensa Aeroporto railway station">
Malpensa Aeroporto railway station

Malpensa Aeroporto railway station, or Malpensa Airport railway station, is located in the Terminal 1 of Malpensa Airport (IATA code: MXP) in Ferno, Varese, near Milan. Opened in 1999, the station is the western terminus of the "Busto Arsizio–Malpensa Airport railway". The airport and station are also known as Milan-Malpensa Airport, because the airport is the main airport serving Milan.
The station is managed by Ferrovienord. All train services to Milan are operated by Trenord. Other train services to Switzerland are operated by TiLo.
Train movements.
The Malpensa Express is a train service operated by LeNORD. It links Malpensa Airport with Milano Centrale railway station or alternately Milano Cadorna railway station in about 40 minutes, and runs every 30 minutes in each direction from early morning until late evening.

</doc>
<doc id="30960507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960507" title="Chiavazza">
Chiavazza

Chiavazza is a "frazione" (parish) of the municipality of Biella, in Piedmont, northern Italy.
Overview.
Chiavazza is a borough located in the eastern sector of the city, to which it is connected by a bridge above the Cervo River, and was once a separate commune. It is crossed by the Via Milano, which connects Biella to Vigliano Biellese. Along the road are numerous villas, including the Villa Mosca, surrounded by a lavish 18th century-style garden.

</doc>
<doc id="30960512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960512" title="Richard Farmer (disambiguation)">
Richard Farmer (disambiguation)

Richard Farmer (1735–1797) was a Shakespearean scholar and Master of Emmanuel College, Cambridge.
Richard Farmer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30960521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960521" title="Quasi-Fuchsian group">
Quasi-Fuchsian group

In the mathematical theory of Kleinian groups, a quasi-Fuchsian group is a Kleinian group whose limit set is contained in an invariant Jordan curve. If the limit set is equal to the Jordan curve the quasi-Fuchsian group is said to be of type one, and otherwise it is said to be of type two. Some authors use "quasi-Fuchsian group" to mean "quasi-Fuchsian group of type 1", in other words the limit set is the whole Jordan curve. This terminology is incompatible with the use of the terms "type 1" and "type 2" for Kleinian groups: all quasi-Fuchsian groups are Kleinian groups of type 2 (even if they are quasi-Fuchsian groups of type 1), as their limit sets are proper subsets of the Riemann sphere. The special case when the Jordan curve is a circle or line is called a Fuchsian group, named for Lazarus Fuchs.
Finitely generated quasi-Fuchsian groups are conjugate to Fuchsian groups under quasi-conformal transformations.
The space of quasi-Fuchsian groups of the first kind is described by the simultaneous uniformization theorem of Bers.

</doc>
<doc id="30960524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960524" title="Rhododendron sect. Vireya">
Rhododendron sect. Vireya

"Rhododendron" section "Vireya" (vireyas) is a tropical group of "Rhododendron" species, numbering about 300 in all. Vireyas are native to southeastern Asia and range from Thailand to Australia.
Description.
"Vireya" are morphologically diverse, and characterised by seeds with tailed appendages, the presence of leaf idioblasts and capsule valves which twist upon opening.
The formal description (Craven 2008) is: Scales sessile or sometimes stalked, lobed to deeply incised or sometimes entire; corolla campanulate, trumpet-like, salver-shaped, tubular or funnel-shaped;
stamens (5–)10(–16), exserted to included, staminal filaments glabrous or hairy from the base; capsule valves twisting after dehiscence; seeds with a distinct tail at each end.
Taxonomy.
"Vireya" is the largest of the three sections constituting subgenus "Rhododendron", and includes about a third of all "Rhododendron" species. The exact classification has varied among various authors, some authors considering Vireya to be a separate subgenus rather than as here, a section of the "Rhododendron" subgenus. It has been suggested that taxonomic nomenclatural correctness requires changing the name of the "Vireya" rhododendrons to "Schistanthe". Thus the term 'Vireya' has been used to refer to Section "Vireya" (Sleumer), Subgenus "Vireya", Section "Schistanthe", or the majority of the Malesian tropical rhododendrons. (Fayaz). Goetsch (2011) gives the number of species as 320, and the total taxa including subspecies, forms and varieties as 380.
Subdivision.
The section has traditionally been considered to consist of seven subsections based on morphology, although Brown "et al", using phylogenetic analysis found a lack of support for monophyly of these subsections, and rather a series of clades based on geographical distribution:
In Argent's (2006) treatment of Vireya as a subgenus, he included seven sections, with "Euvireya" consisting of five subsections, but this is not supported by phylogenetic analysis. These studies, for instance that of Hall (2006) suggested a very different approach. The Asian mainland species represented by "Pseudovireya" appear as a sister group to the other six subsections, while the Malesian species within "Pseudovireya" also formed an outgroup, resulting in three major clades. Thus Craven "et al". proposed there be only two subsections of "Vireya", corresponding to the core species, "Euvireya" and the much smaller "Malayovireya" , while the other two groups formed out of "Pseudovireya" be raised to section rank, keeping the original name "Pseudovireya" for the mainland species, and using Argent's name, "Discovireya" for the Malesian species. For a comparison of the Sleumer, argent and Craven schemata, see Craven (2008), Table 1.
Thus the new subsection structure is:
Characteristics:(Craven 2008)
Distribution.
Vireya are found throughout the Malesian Archipelago. Malesian species are found in all subsections, while species from other areas appear only in "Euvvireya", "Malayovireya" and "Pseudovireya".

</doc>
<doc id="30960535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960535" title="Emaischen">
Emaischen

Nospelt used to be a village of potters who would make the little birds from the small amounts of clay left over at the end of the day. With a wide range of attractions and games, the Emaischen is particularly popular with children. There is also folk-dancing in the streets and lots to eat and drink.
Today's Nospelt festival only goes back to 1957 when the potters once again began making the whistles, with a new design each year. The celebrations in Luxembourg's old town were revived in 1937 by Jean Peters, a ceramic artist from Reckental, who started making whistles from the red clay of Nospelt.

</doc>
<doc id="30960544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960544" title="G. Emerson Cole">
G. Emerson Cole

George Emerson Cole (January 5, 1919 - March 31, 2012) was an American radio, television, and special events producer/announcer pioneer whose weekly radio program ""The Big Bands Are Back"" ran for over 32 consecutive years in Pinehurst, North Carolina. It is said to be the longest-running big band radio program in history.
College.
After graduation from high school with honors in Peoria, Illinois in 1936 Cole entered Cornell University where he began his career in broadcasting by building and operating a wired college network station which has become the Cornell FM radio station. He was involved in the creation of the Intercollegiate Broadcasting System to help other universities build similar stations.
Cole was graduated from Cornell in 1941 with BAs In Mechanical Engineering and Business Administration. He joined the United States Navy on December 8, 1941.
WWII.
Emerson Cole joined the Navy the day after the Pearl Harbor invasion on December 8, 1941 and was sent to General Electric to work with their radar development programs until he was called up for active duty in 1944.
After Communication School at Harvard, Cole was sent to Melville, Rhode Island to train for PT boat duty. He sailed from San Francisco to the Philippines in 1944 to join the Pacific Task Force. 
On the way to Balikpapan, Borneo the last invasion of WW II, Cole joined Squadron 10, the remainder of John F. Kennedy's PT-109 boat squadron, on PT-171.
On one of his 13 patrols the boat's radar malfunctioned and the operator was unable to get it back on the air. By coincidence it was the same General Electric model SO-2 that Emerson had helped to develop at General Electric and he was able to restore it in less than a minute.
During his tenure in the Navy Emerson Cole took many historic photographs and sketches of the people and places in Pacific wartime and some have found their way into private and public collections as valuable relics of life in the wartime Navy in the South Pacific.
At the end of the war, PT-171 with Lt.(jg). Emerson Cole as skipper patrolled the coast for holdouts with a Japanese prisoner on the bow of the boat who called out to the shoreline over a speaker saying "It is over, don't shoot!"
Surrender terms for the Dutch West Indies were signed on an Australian cruiser and then skipper Lt.(jg) Emerson Cole sailed PT-171 back to the Philippines where the boats were burned to the waterline while their crews awaited the trip home.
Television.
After the war, Cole became a television commercial writer, director, and producer at Benton & Bowles Advertising Agency working directly under Shepherd Mead, author of the best-selling book How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. Cole claims he was featured in chapter 7, which did not appear in the movie that was made from the book. 
In those days television shows were produced live and some of the programs he worked on included "The Colgate Comedy Hour", "The Jackie Gleason Show", "Life Begins At 80", "Ford Star Time", "Omnibus", "Captain Video", and "The Gale Storm Show".
Civic.
For 35 years Emerson Cole lived in Darien, Connecticut. While serving as president of the YMCA, which had no building, Cole found an opportunity to acquire property of 7.5 acres on Long Island Sound from an estate sale, and with community donations spearheaded the remodeling of existing structures into a state-of-the-art Darien Community YMCA facility that features a 6-lane swimming pool looking out to the sound. There is an underwater window for checking on divers.
Property and construction costs were paid off in only five years and a second campaign resulted in the addition of another pool, handball courts, and gymnasium that were also paid off in five years.
Big Band Radio.
Emerson Cole moved his family from Connecticut to Pinehurst, North Carolina and on February 24, 1980 began his epic series of broadcasts, "The Big Bands Are Back" on radio stations WIOZ and WIOZ-FM which he continued to produce and broadcast on a weekly basis until his death in 2012; a record for longevity which is without equal in known radio broadcast history.
Cole produced a four-hour radio documentary about the December 7, 1941 Pearl Harbor invasion which has been required listening for some Moore County, NC school children. 
The Pearl Harbor special includes original recordings of famous speeches, and eclectic sketches such as a rare Armed Forces Network recording of Glenn Miller broadcasting to the German troops in what Mr. Cole called "terrible" German.

</doc>
<doc id="30960554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960554" title="Flore Zoé">
Flore Zoé

Flore Zoé ("Flore Zoé van den Wijngaart") is a Dutch conceptual visual artist and fine-art photographer.
Born in Delft in 1975 she was, from a very young age, intimately aware of her surroundings and fascinated by everything around her – images and events.
Her youth was not always carefree and is a period which has continued to influence her view of life and the world around her. It continues to serve as an unending source of inspiration for her work and contributes to her drive to express herself artistically.
This artistic expression started through various mediums – sketching, painting – but when she picked up her first camera she knew. This was IT.
A world opened before her very eyes. Through the lens she could capture a context, and realised she could determine the images, play with and define what she wanted to document. The camera was the instrument through which she was able to transform the world around her according to her own vision, through which she could tell her own story. It allowed her to capture all the elements of her story within one framework, one frame.
The camera is her passion, her lover. Nonetheless, she opted to study Psychology – in part motivated by her childhood period and the search for self-healing. It was not long before she realised this path was not hers. It was a trip around the world, and in particular to the Far East which revealed the path Flore Zoé was to pursue. She followed her heart and returned to her passion: creating images and telling stories. Driven by the desire to make sense of contrasting situations in the world she enrolled in the
Foto Academie of Amsterdam.
Flore Zoé’s work reflects an existential need to capture a world in which beauty prevails. Each image, to the smallest of details is aesthetically perfect, beautiful. Chaos and trouble far away. And, in the background, consciously or unconsciously, a secret quest for happiness. A recurring theme throughout her non-commissioned work: female models in the main role set in fairy-tale like settings.
The majority of Flore Zoé’s non-commissioned work is inspired by her own life or subjects which have personally fascinated her. Within the resulting series Flore Zoé demon- strates an impeccable feeling for concept, composition and beauty in her complex stylised compositions. Her work is of an incredible quality and finishing. Every photo must tell the story she has visualised in an optimal way, her pursuit of perfection is virtually limitless.
For years Flore Zoé has had unwavering commitment to the development of her craft, to shaping and creating her ideas. Taking advice from others, but never deviating from her own path, ambition or expectations.
In 2012 the international world discovered Flore Zoé’s work. She finally penetrated the world of fine-art photography.
Her work is now exhibited with the world famous Opera Gallery which has 11 galleries for contemporary art worldwide. These authoritative galleries are located in cities with an inspiring and dynamic art scene: Paris, Singapore, Miami, Monaco, Hong Kong and London.
Besides her independent non-commissioned work, Flore Zoé also works with clients: renowned clients from the fashion and music industry, advertising agencies and for large corporate clients. Clients admire Flore Zoé’s unique manner of developing a concept, her creativity, personalised approach, dedication,
determination and, her originality.
Her series 'ART meets FASHION' has been exhibited around the world and was more recently shown during 2010 New York Fashion Week and Paris Fashion Week. <br>
'ART meets FASHION' was also shown during 'Vitrine 2010', an initiative of the Flanders Fashion Institute. <br>
<br>
Since April 2012 a selection of Zoé's works are being exhibited at the Opera Gallery Paris, Monaco., Seoul, Miami and Singapore
Her images have been used and published by fashion houses, coffee-table books, labels and magazines, as well as the music industry.

</doc>
<doc id="30960555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960555" title="British Leyland UK Ltd v Swift">
British Leyland UK Ltd v Swift

British Leyland UK Ltd v Swift IRLR 91 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Mr Swift was dismissed when one of the company's car's tax discs was found in his vehicle. Mr Swift was convicted of a crime, and the employer dismissed him. Mr Swift claimed the dismissal was unfair.
The Tribunal found that Mr Swift was guilty of gross misconduct but the dismissal was unfair because it was too severe a penalty for years of good service.
Judgment.
Lord Denning MR held that the decision was perverse and would be reversed. In the course of his judgment Lord Denning MR noted the tribunal
But also the Tribunal did not take account of the fact that Swift did not come clean when he was found out, and he lied about what he had done. A reasonable employer could have dismissed him.

</doc>
<doc id="30960568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960568" title="Lintneria biolleyi">
Lintneria biolleyi

Lintneria biolleyi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Costa Rica and Guatemala.
The wingspan is about 90 mm. It is similar to "Lintneria lugens", but differing in the details of the pattern. The forewing upperside is brown, speckled with pale buff and the hindwing upperside is mostly black.
The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as "Salvia", "Mentha", "Monarda" and "Hyptis"), Hydrophylloideae (such as "Wigandia") and Verbenaceae species (such as "Verbena" and "Lantana").

</doc>
<doc id="30960580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960580" title="Thomas Farmer (composer)">
Thomas Farmer (composer)

Thomas Farmer (fl. 1685) was an English composer.
Life.
Farmer was originally one of a company of musicians in London and played in the waits. He took the degree of Mus. B. at Cambridge in 1684. The date of his death is fixed only by the fact that Henry Purcell wrote an elegy on him to words by Nahum Tate, published in "Orpheus Britannicus", ii. 35, and beginning "Young Thyrsis' fate ye hills and groves deplore". This establishes the fact that Farmer died before November 1695, and probably he died young. John Hawkins stated that his house was in Martlet Court, Bow Street, Covent Garden.
Works.
He contributed songs to John Playford's "Choice Ayres, Songs, and Dialogues" (second edition, 1675). One of these is described as "in the Citizen turn'd Gentleman"; this was the sub-title of Edward Ravenscroft's "Mamamouchi", produced 1675.
"Apollo's Banquet" contains "Mr. Farmer's Magot", for violin. His instrumental compositions are entirely for strings, in three or four parts. He wrote the tunes in "The Princess of Cleve", which appear in a set of manuscript parts dated December 82, owned by Thomas Fuller; Fuller possessed three other compositions in three parts by him, and various overtures are contained in British Museum Add. MS. 24889.
He contributed songs to "The Theater of Musick", 1685 to 1687, and to Thomas d'Urfey's third collection, 1685. In 1686 his own collection of airs in four parts appeared, under the title of "A Consort of Musick", containing 33 lessons. A "Second Consort", containing 11 lessons, appeared in 1690.

</doc>
<doc id="30960583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960583" title="St Faith's Church, Little Witchingham">
St Faith's Church, Little Witchingham

St Faith's Church, Little Witchingham, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Little Witchingham in Norfolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in a relatively isolated position in country lanes, about northeast of Norwich and south of Reepham. It is notable for its sequence of medieval wall paintings.
History.
St Faith's has its origins in the 12th century, although most of its fabric is from the 14th century. The tower was added in the 15th century. In the 1930s the church had fallen into disuse and it became a ruin. In 1967 Eve Baker climbed through a window and rediscovered the existence of medieval wall paintings. These were renovated and the church was repaired by the Norfolk Churches Trust and the Council for the Care of Churches. It is now vested in the Churches Conservation Trust. As of 2011 the church is kept locked because many of its floor tiles were stolen in 2008, but a key can be obtained nearby.
Architecture.
The church is constructed in flint rubble with stone and brick dressings. Its plan consists of a nave with a south aisle, a chancel and a west tower. The tower is without buttresses, and its battlemented parapet is decorated with a frieze and flushwork panels. Along the south side of the aisle and chancel, and in the east end of the aisle, are two-light windows. The east window has three lights. In the north wall is a blocked doorway. The south wall of the chancel contains a fragment of a stone preaching cross, carved with an image of the Crucifixion. Inside the church the south arcade is carried on octagonal piers and the arches are decorated with zigzag patterns. The roof of the nave and chancel dates from the 18th century.
Wall paintings.
The wall paintings date from the middle of the 14th century, and have suffered varying degrees of damage. The roundels in the arcades depict the Four Evangelists. Along the top of the south wall of the church is a painting depicting the apostles around the risen Christ. Below this is a sequence of paintings showing events in the Passion of Christ. Under these is decoration with vines and scrolling. The paintings elsewhere are not as clear. One shows parts of Saint George killing the Dragon, another is thought to have contained Saint Christopher, and another possibly is of The Three Living and the Three Dead.

</doc>
<doc id="30960590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960590" title="Karthikeyapuram">
Karthikeyapuram

Karthikeyapuram () is one of 27 Gram panchayat in Thiruttani town. It is an administrative panchyat for villages under Karthikeyapuram panchayat. The village is located 3 km from Tiruttani and 9 km from Arrakonam
Villages.
Villages under Karthikeyapuram panchayat
Karthikeyapuram

</doc>
<doc id="30960592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960592" title="HSBC Bank plc v Madden">
HSBC Bank plc v Madden

HSBC Bank plc v Madden and Post Office v Foley [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/2000/3030.html EWCA Civ 330 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Mr Madden worked in two different HSBC branches (previously Midland Bank, the Enfield Town and Palmers Green branches) where three debit cards went missing, and he was present on two occasions. There was an internal investigation. Police came but found nothing. HSBC dismissed him anyway, because they could not find anybody else.
Tribunal found the dismissal was unfair because the investigation showed no evidence of anything. There should have been further investigation.
Judgment.
The Court of Appeal held that the employer was entitled to dismiss him, and the Tribunal should not have substituted its view for the employers’. No reasonable tribunal could have said the investigation was not proper. Mummery LJ said the law is what was stated in "Iceland Frozen Foods Ltd v Jones" (not mentioning "British Leyland UK Ltd v Swift") and said that "Haddon v Van Den Bergh Foods Ltd" was wrong to suggest that it was a perversity test. He said Parliament should change it, even though he was aware of opinions critical, and quoted Lord Nicholls in "Inco Europe Ltd v First Choice Distribution" [2000 1 WLR 586, 592E on the separation of legislation and interpretation. He noted that Parliament had not acted to change the interpretations on the legislation, and so the reasonable range of responses test remained good.

</doc>
<doc id="30960596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960596" title="Valentine Wilson House">
Valentine Wilson House

The Valentine Wilson House was a historic residence in Madison County, Ohio, United States. Located off Interstate 70 about north of Summerford, it was the home of pioneer Valentine Wilson.
Born in Harpers Ferry, Virginia in 1785, he moved with his family to Kentucky in 1790 and to Ohio in 1802; they settled in Greene County, where he married the former Eleanor Judy in 1806. In 1816, the Wilson family moved to Madison County and purchased land along the trail that later became the National Road; here, Valentine quickly became a prosperous farmer. Besides tilling the soil, he engaged in industry, establishing the county's first brickyard. His excellent presence of mind and understanding of other men's intentions enabled him to build and preserve his wealth: upon one occasion, he was accosted by highwaymen while carrying $7,000 on his person, but he kept his money by calmly telling the robbers only of the small coin that he carried in his pocket. By the time of his death, he had expanded his farm from its original to about , and his personal property was worth another $60,000, including 1,000 sheep and cattle. He was by far the wealthiest man in Madison County at the time.
Wilson built his home in 1820 on the northern side of the future National Road. Constructed of brick and wood, it was a two-part structure: the main portion of the house was a two-story brick hall-and-parlor design, while later additions were single-story structures that combined brick and wood. Into the late twentieth century, it remained little unchanged and retained the sense of an elaborate early nineteenth-century farmhouse far more strongly than many slightly later residences, which generally were erected with heavy vernacular influences.
In 1973, the Valentine Wilson House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Key to its inclusion was its well preserved architecture, which included such elements as fine original details. It was the first place in Madison County to be accorded this distinction, but designation as a historic site has not succeeded in ensuring its survival: the house has since been destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="30960610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960610" title="John Farmery (physician)">
John Farmery (physician)

John Farmery, M.D. (died 1590) was an English physician.
Life.
Farmery was a native of Lincolnshire, and matriculated as a pensioner of King's College, Cambridge, in November 1561 (B.A. 1564–5, M.A. 1568). He seems to have practised medicine in London as an empiric, with powerful patrons. 
The College of Physicians was induced to license him on 4 Feb. 1586–7, and admitted him a candidate 22 February following, and fellow 28 February 1588–9, with an injunction to proceed M.D. within two years. In September 1589, he graduated M.D. at Leyden, after receiving letters testimonial from the London college. In 1589, he was directed by the college to draw up, with Drs. Atslowe, Browne, and Present the formulæ of syrups, juleps, and decoctions, for the ‘Pharmacopœia.’ 
He died in the spring of 1590. In his will (P. C. C. 23, Drury), dated 15 March and proved 7 April 1590, he described himself as living in ‘Alderbert strete’ in the parish of St. Mary Aldermanbury, and desired to be buried in his parish church. By his wife, Anne, he had two daughters, Mary and Elizabeth. His widow afterwards married (license dated 26 February 1592–3) Edward Lister, M.D. (d. 1620), and was buried in the church of St. Mary Aldermanbury, 11 Dec. 1613. Farmery was a Roman Catholic. His friend Richard Smith, M.D., was ‘supraveisor’ of his will.
Works.
He is conjectured (Cooper, Athenæ Cant. ii. 98) to have been the author of ‘A Methode of Measuring and Surveying of Land; published by J. F., practitioner in physick,’ licensed to Thomas Woodcocke 13 Oct. 1589 (Arber, Registers, ii. 249).
A book, ‘Perpetuall and kindelie pronosticacons of the change of tymes, taken out of old and new aucthors,’ ‘to be printed in Italian, Frenche, and Englishe,’ and licensed to John Wolfe 7 Jan. 1590–1 (ib. ii. 269 b), has also been attributed to Farmery. Joseph Ames ("Typographical Antiquities") ed. William Herbert, p. 1177) wrongly describes the latter work as ‘Perpetuall Prognostication of the—Weather—by I. F.’ 
It is doubtful if Farmery was concerned with it.

</doc>
<doc id="30960615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960615" title="2011 United Football League (Philippines)">
2011 United Football League (Philippines)

The 2011 United Football League (known as the LBC United Football League for sponsorship reasons) began with seven teams in Division 1 and eight teams in Division 2. This is the second season of the United Football League since its establishment as a semi-professional tournament in 2009.
The season started on 23 January 2011 with two matches at the University of Makati Stadium. Philippine Air Force F.C. are the current defending Champions.
The Philippine Air Force won their second title in the first division. While Manila Nomads won their first title in the second division and Stallion FC together with Pasargad was promoted to the 2012 United Football League Division 1 after there good stint in the 2011 UFL Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="30960664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960664" title="Şehmus Özer">
Şehmus Özer

Şehmus Özer (born 10 May 1980) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Karşıyaka in the TFF First League.

</doc>
<doc id="30960692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960692" title="Nashville 200">
Nashville 200

There have been three NASCAR races named Nashville 200:

</doc>
<doc id="30960699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960699" title="Polkey v AE Dayton Services Ltd">
Polkey v AE Dayton Services Ltd

Polkey v AE Dayton Services Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/1987/8.html UKHL 8 is a UK labour law case, concerning unfair dismissal, now governed by the Employment Rights Act 1996.
Facts.
Mr Polkey drove a van for 4 years until told to come to the manager’s office and that he was redundant on the spot.
Tribunal said this was ‘heartless disregard of the provisions of the code of practice’ but that redundancies were necessary.
Judgment.
Lord Bridge held that on the proper construction of the fairness test in the predecessor to the Employment Rights Act 1996 section 98 it was irrelevant to ask whether a different outcome may have resulted from a proper procedure, and it was not open for a tribunal to ask that. An employer does not act unreasonably if (1) employees who underperform are warned and given an opportunity to improve (2) employees who engage in misconduct are investigated and given a hearing (3) employees who are redundant are given good warning and a consultation with steps to minimise losses. But if the end result would be the same, then this will go to "remedy" not "liability:

</doc>
<doc id="30960700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960700" title="Aviatik D.III">
Aviatik D.III

The Aviatik D.III was a German prototype single-seater fighter plane from the First World War, designed by Aviatik. It became the basis for the Aviatik D.IV and Aviatik D.V. In November 1917, the plane was first flown, using a 195 hp Benz Bz IIIbo gearless engine. It was of similar design to the Aviatik D.II, and was armed with two LMG 08/15 machine guns. After several tests at Adlershof from February 9–12, 1918, the plane underwent modifications, as requested by the Idflieg. In April, a second prototype, powered by a Benz Bz IIIbm, although several D.III powered by the original IIIbo engine were already under production; however, none of them were ever completed.
Some have claimed that the Aviatik D.III was superior to the Albatros D.V.

</doc>
<doc id="30960703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960703" title="Death in custody of Gunasegaran Rajasundram">
Death in custody of Gunasegaran Rajasundram

Gunasegaran Rajasundram (1977–16 July 2008) was a Royal Malaysian Police detainee who died in the police lock-up while under arrest for suspicion of drug possession. Coincidentally, his death was on the same day as Teoh Beng Hock's body was found. The case of R. Gunasegaran is crucial to the discussion on police practices because it highlights several issues with the policing of Malaysia: the safety of whistleblowers, human rights during police custody, the procedures of inquests, and the practices of the police force. Understanding this case could bring us to find out what more could be done to better the policing system of Malaysia. 
Gunasegaran worked as a toddy shop assistant. He was arrested together with other four detainees (Ravi Subramaniam, Suresh M Subbaiah and Selvach Santhiran Krishnan and one unknown Malay male). He collapsed while his thumbprint was being taken between 6.45pm and 7pm on July 16, 2008 at the Sentul police headquarters and was pronounced dead at 7.40pm at the Kuala Lumpur Hospital the same day.
His family members were later informed that Gunasegaran' death was due to drug abuse-related causes. This was substantiated with the burial permit issued by the hospital authorities. However, the deceased's family believed in another version of truth, that the death was due to police brutality instead of the reported drug abuse. Upon learning of the death, the family have since been in contact with eye-witnesses to Gunasegaran’s arrest and detention by the police and have been informed that at the time of his arrest, Gunasegaran was physically assaulted; and that, at the Sentul police station, Gunasegaran was subjected to further assaults causing Gunasegaran to lose consciousness which he never regained until his death.
The Coroner's Verdict.
On October 25, 2010, in the open verdict delivered by the coroner’s court in the inquest to determine the cause of Gunasegaran s/o Rajasundram’s, the coroner Siti Shakirah binti Mohtarudin found insufficient evidences to record a conclusion to the case. Open verdict, according to the Collins English Dictionary, means a finding by a coroner's jury of death without stating the cause. In other words, Gunasegaran’s death was deemed suspicious by the jury but none of the other verdicts open to them could be reached. 
According to the six-page judgment report done by the coroner, there were two versions of how Gunasegaran had died based on the testimonies of witnesses. The first version is that the deceased fainted when police were processing his thumbprints and then, he died on the way to the hospital due to drug-related issues as testified by both post-mortem reports. On the other end, following the testimonies of the three eye-witnesses, the second version was that the deceased had been kicked and beaten by a police officer who arrested him that caused his death. Both versions can be accepted in her opinion but a post-mortem report is an undisputed prima facie evidence.
Response to Death.
Gunesegaran's Familty.
On November 3, 2010, the family of R. Gunasegaran, most notably his sister Ganga Gowri Rajasundram, applied to the High Court to review the open verdict handed down at the inquest investigating his death. It had been more than one since Gunasegaran s/o Rajasundram’s “sudden death” as classified by the police, but the family is still waiting for the truth of R. Gunasegaran’s demise to see the light of day. A total of 23 witnesses have testified but yet, the truth was still unacceptable by the family of Gunasegaran. Ganga Gowri asked for a review of the coroner’s decision that the injuries sustained by Gunasegaran could have come from attempts to resuscitate him. She also questioned the decision of the coroner that Gunasegaran had consumed drugs beyond lethal levels.
Non-governmental Organizations.
This case has drawn the attention of many parties including the likes of The Malaysian Bar, World Organization against Torture (OMCT) and so on. In its statement on October 29, 2010, The Malaysian Bar questioned the effectiveness of the inquest when the coroner failed to reach a definitive finding in the case despite the strength of the evidences pointing towards the culpability of the police: testimonies of the three witnesses and the second autopsy report which found a 28 cm long, 8 cm width and 5 cm depth scar on R. Gunasegaran’s chest.
World Organization against Torture (OMCT) also expressed its deep concern when one of the key witnesses in the case, K. Selvachandran was detained under the two-year detention order under the Dangerous Drugs (Special Preventive Measures) Act 1985 (DDA), which provides for detention without trial for up to two years. During the arrest, Mr. K. Selvachandran was allegedly beaten by the police in front of his wife and children before he was taken to the Kuala Lumpur police contingent headquarters. He would suffer from hearing problems due to the beatings.
The 11 Non-Governmental Organizations, which included The People's Parliament, SUARAM, Jemaah Islah Malaysia (JIM), Centre for Policy Initiatives (CPI) and Writers Alliance for Media Independence (WAMI), also released a joint statement on August 17, 2009 requesting a standard operating procedure (SOP) for investigations into cases of death in custody.
Sequence of Events.
K. Selvachandram's Detention.
The reason why Gunasegaran’s case draws much attention is that one of the key witnesses, K. Selvachandran, was detained after testifying and was alleged physically assaulted by policemen. This is widely criticized by human rights groups across the globe like OMCT. In the joint statement by Lawyers for Liberty and SUARAM, they expressed deep disappointment at the arrest of K. Selvach Santhiran who testified in the Gunasegaran case despite the threat from police. The 2 year detention order was under Dangerous Drug Act (Special Preventive Measures) 1985 at December 14, 2010. K. Selvach had then been detained in Batu Gajah detention camp. Dangerous Drug Act (Special Preventive Measures) 1985 allows the police to detain a person for 60 days with no recourse to judicial safeguard and thereafter 2 years’ detention on the order of the Home Minister. 
Selvach was one of three persons who were in police custody with R. Gunasegaran and they have consistently identified a certain individual as having physically assaulted the deceased. They did so despite threats to their safety by the police and despite the inducement that their cooperation would secure their immediate release. On the very day the verdict was delivered in the inquest, the police moved against Selvach and came to his home to arrest him. When Selvach’s children asked the police why their father was being dragged away, the police answered by beating Selvach in front of his own children. In a twisted perversion of conjugal love, the police tried to make Selvach’s wife S. Saraswathy kiss him before beating him up in front of her. S. Saraswathy alleged that one of the policemen grabbed the house key when Selvachandran was trying to unlock the door, punched him and opened the door themselves. 
To make the matter worse, Selvach’s family was not able to meet him although they were informed that they could visit him at IPK Kuala Lumpur at the morning before he was sent to Batu Gajah. Till the transfer to Batu Gajah, Selvach was without legal counsel. Besides, the detention of Selvach is gravely aggravated by the fact that he was arrested on the same day after the “open verdict” was delivered. Coincidence could not explain the suspicious proximity between the time of arrest and the announcement of the verdict. Furthermore, if Selvach’s family statement was valid, the necessity of beating the man in front of his family after the arrest is questionable since K. Selvach was no longer a physical threat. 
Concerned with the safety of K. Selvach under custody, a group of 70 people including representatives from several NGOs have had gathered under the watchful eyes of the police. The group demanded Selvach’s immediate release as well as a public apology. After handing in their memorandum, they then peacefully dispersed.

</doc>
<doc id="30960704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960704" title="Kitti Gróz">
Kitti Gróz

Kitti Gróz (born 5 April 1994 in Budapest) is a Hungarian team handball and beach handball player.
Team handball career.
Gróz started to play handball at the age of six and her first club was Szentendrei NKE. She rose through the ranks quickly and at the end of the 2009–10 season she finished seventh on the scoring chart in the second division, hitting an impressive 7.74 goals in average (122 goals on 23 matches).
Following her excellent performances many club have been interested to sign the talented left winger. Finally, Váci NKSE, which is also the parent club of Szentendrei NKE, have secured her services.
Beach handball career.
Gróz is a gifted beach handball player as well. In 2008 she participated on the first ever Youth European Beach Handball Championship that was held in Nagyatád, and led the Hungarian team to win the title on home soil. She has won the top scorer award and was voted for MVP thus making her prize collection complete.
One year later she played for the adult team, that finished sixth on the 2009 European Beach Handball Championship. Gróz, still only 15, has shown lethal touch once again and topped the scoring charts with 111 points.
In 2011 she was present on the Youth European Beach Handball Championship again, and repeated her former success both on team and personal level: Hungary went undefeated to win the tournament, while Gróz won both the top scorer award and the MVP title. On the following week was held the adult's competition, for that Gróz was selected as well. She was an important piece of the Hungarian team, which finished fifth. Gróz scored 153 points on the tournament, more than any other players, and was awarded the top scorer's prize.
Personal.
His father, János Gróz coached her while at Szentendrei NKE, and he is also the coach of the Hungarian women's beach handball national team.

</doc>
<doc id="30960713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960713" title="Lintneria justiciae">
Lintneria justiciae

Lintneria justiciae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from south-eastern Brazil, eastern Argentina and Uruguay.
There are orange-yellow transverse median lines on the abdomen upperside. Adults have been recorded in late January in Brazil.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Justicia", "Petunia" and "Hyptis sidifolia".

</doc>
<doc id="30960717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960717" title="The Squeaker (1937 film)">
The Squeaker (1937 film)

The Squeaker is a 1937 British crime film directed by William K. Howard and starring Edmund Lowe, Sebastian Shaw and Ann Todd. It is based on the novel "The Squeaker" by Edgar Wallace. It is sometimes known by the alternative title Murder on Diamond Row.

</doc>
<doc id="30960718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960718" title="Galeras tragedy">
Galeras tragedy

The Galeras tragedy refers to the death of nine people, six scientists and three tourists, as a result of the January 1993 eruption of the Galeras stratovolcano in Colombia. Geologist Stanley Williams and four others survived the event.
Background.
The scientists were at Galeras to collect data about its gas levels. They were attending a conference in Pasto organized by the United Nations to gather geologists to study Galeras in order to assess its potential threat to nearby civilization. Past research had determined that Galeras was probable to erupt, possibly endangering Pasto's population of approximately 300,000 people and another 400,000 living on the vicinity of the volcano.
Legacy.
At the time of the eruption, most predictions were made similarly to the one before the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens - that a volcano would erupt, but not specifying an exact time. C. Dan Miller of the United States Geological Survey remarked, "We're able to do a much better job of monitoring the changes that occur at volcanoes as they wake up, but we are still quite a long ways from being able to forecast the time, the magnitude and the character of an eruption." 
Since the disaster, research has dramatically improved scientists' ability to predict volcanic eruptions. Still, there is not a definite method of prediction. Though scientists were able to make accurate eruptions by employing long-period earthquakes, short bursts of seismic energy, to predict the 1990 eruption of Mount Redoubt in Alaska, these events are known to occur at volcanoes that do not erupt as well. In early October 2004, for example, long-period events took place at Mount St. Helens, only to precede insignificant events.

</doc>
<doc id="30960722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960722" title="Humboldt District Hospital">
Humboldt District Hospital

Humboldt District Hospital is a public hospital at 1210 9th Street North in Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada. It was originally called the St. Elizabeth's Hospital when it was established in 1911.
The hospital is staffed by nine doctors and provides general medicine, surgical, laboratory, radiology, physiotherapy, palliative care, dietary counseling, cardiology, obstetrics, urology, gynecology, internal medicine, neurology, roomotology, ears/nose/throat specialists and geriatric services. Its name was changed and responsibility was transferred from the "Saskatchewan Catholic Health Corporation" to the Saskatoon Health Region on October 31, 2007. The hospital is the largest rural hospital in the Saskatoon Health Region system. The "Humboldt District Hospital Foundation" is a non-profit foundation that supports the efforts of the hospital. 
The original St. Eleizabeth's Hospital building was built in 1911, with additions in 1919 and 1928; the existing building was officially opened by then Premier Tommy Douglas in 1955.
Currently under construction, the Humboldt District Health Complex is expected to house the Humboldt District Hospital and Community Health Services. 

</doc>
<doc id="30960781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960781" title="Lodge Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Lodge Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador

Lodge Bay( AST) is a permanent community located along the southeast coast of Labrador, part of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. Encompassing a population of less than one hundred residents, the community has uniquely evolved from both early European colonization of Labrador, and the inimitable patterns of land and resource use by the migratory Inuit population. The name Lodge Bay originated from the title Ranger Lodge, which was the name given to the area by trader and explorer, Captain George Cartwright in the late 18th century. "Ranger" was the name of the wooden-mercantile ship Cartwright used to trade, map and explore the Labrador coast, while "Lodge" was the name given to English hunting camps in Great Britain at that time.
Geography.
The community lies within a densely forested region located at the head of the St. Charles River. Nourishing a boreal ecosystem, extensive forests of black spruce, white spruce and balsam fir cover much of the landscape. This ecosystem provides a healthy habitat for the populations of moose, wolves, bear, ptarmigan, rabbit and lynx that inhabit the area. The St. Charles River strategically opens into the mouth of Cape St. Charles and the Great Caribou Islands. Large populations of Atlantic salmon annually migrate the St. Charles River to reach native breeding grounds. The surrounding bay is also home to a variety of fish species including trout, freshwater smelts and shellfish.
History.
The Inuit people of Labrador have had a long established relationship with the region enveloping Lodge Bay. Its environmental location provided an abundance of natural resources including fur, salmon, timber, and fresh water. The seasonal transhumance lifestyle of the Inuit culture caused them to nomadically pursue these resources as a means of survival. Cartwright’s journal published in 1792 makes numerous references to the Inuit's instinctive use of the Labrador terrain, and a seasonal pursuance of trade at Ranger Lodge.
The Labrador Treaty of 1765, conducted by Governor of Newfoundland Sir Hugh Palliser, would bring the Inuit of Labrador into a peaceful friendship with the British government and eventual settlers. Until this time, the invasion of Inuit territory by French, British, and American merchants, often left Inuit people hostile to both early settlers and merchant trading crews. However, not all Innu and Inuit were contentious with the presence of Europeans. The trading firms established throughout Labrador would eventually benefit the native inhabitants, providing them with industrious goods such as steel tools, clothing, and firearms. The treaty was signed in August 1765 at Chateau Bay, Labrador, representing the interests of both Sir Hugh Palliser and the Southern Labrador Inuit. Although this peace treaty would lead to a steady increase of trade and settlement on the coast, the Inuit of Labrador would eventually be pressured from their southern homes to areas north of Cape St. Charles, and thus vacating the resourceful territory of Lodge Bay. 
Captain George Cartwright would establish his first partnered trading post in Labrador at Cape St. Charles in the year 1770. That same year, this brave English explorer would establish his own private merchant venture at Lodge Bay. Cartwright actively explored, traded, and established strong relationships with the resident Innu and Inuit people of Labrador. Cartwright's close relationship with the Aboriginal people, and their discerning knowledge of the land, caused Cartwright to extend his business to claim posts at Ranger Lodge, presently Lodge Bay (1770–74), Caribou Castle, today's community of Cartwright (1775–78), and Stage Cove (1774–75). The relentlessly competitive salmon and fur trade eventually left Captain George Cartwright bankrupt in 1784. His remaining trading firms and supplies were eventually sold at market to rival merchants, although, his first inspiring post at Ranger Lodge had been destroyed by fire in 1772. 
With the acceleration of European colonization in the 19th and early 20th century, Lodge Bay was primarily used as a wintering station for the seasonal and year round fishing crews who frequented the Labrador Coast. Most of these early settlers were driven by the industrious fish trade, particularly cod, mackerel, herring and salmon, however, the Canadian fur trade also attracted many brave pioneers to this remote area.
Lodge Bay was the accepted site of seasonal settlement for many of the same reasons the Labrador Inuit had practiced use of the area, the unrestricted abundance of resources. This transient lifestyle caused early settlers to reside at often two locations throughout the year. During summer until late autumn, families often lived at the distant outlying communities of Cape St. Charles, Henley Harbour or Battle Harbour. These summer stations were built strategically exposed to the Atlantic Ocean where fishermen could maximize profits of the lucrative fish trade. While conjointly, interior communities such as Lodge Bay and nearby Mary’s Harbour were established for a life during the occasionally treacherous winter and early spring seasons. Winter settlements were immensely focused on trapping, wood harvesting, boat repair and seal hunting.
The community of Lodge Bay would become a permanently lived-in community at the beginning of the 20th century. A steady decline of both the cod and salmon fisheries in the early 20th century, with a moratorium to the cod fishery in 1992, would lead to the mass resettlement of many seasonal fishing communities. The families of nearby Cape St. Charles, Carrol’s Cove, Henley Harbour and others were forced to resettle and seek employment elsewhere. Residents of Cape St. Charles who solely used Lodge Bay as a winter settlement, would forcefully return to their winter homes to reside permanently.
Culture.
Many immigrant settlers chose to make Lodge Bay their seasonal home, however none more prominent than the historical “Pye” family. The Pye family surname is an ancient extraction of purely British origin. The name was notorious in the late 15th century, solely concentrated in the Herefordshire County of southern England. Over time, many families bearing the Pye surname immigrated to the colony of Newfoundland, more particularly the Conception Bay and surrounding area. From there, families who followed the fur and fish trades often chose to relocate to the abundant shores of Labrador, especially the active fishing settlement Cape St. Charles.
Like many families of Labrador, the Pye family can quite accurately trace their ancestral lineage to the first Labrador immigrant colonists. Through a decisive combination of cultural integrity, oral history and invaluable parish Church records, the Labrador-Pye descendants have a unique window which to view their past, which quite preeminently, starts at the very beginning.
Lodge Bay is also residence to many members of the Nunatukavut, formally known as the Labrador Metis Nation. The Nunatukavut, currently the largest aboriginal group in Labrador, are the inherent descendants of both the immigrating Europeans of the 18th and 19th century, and the resident Labrador Inuit population. European men often intermarried Labrador Inuit woman, combining to create a distinct culture, ancestry and heritage based on the beliefs and practices of both parent cultures. Lodge Bay is accepted as the southernmost permanent community within the Nunatukavut lands claims, although, the area surrounding Lodge Bay is also extensively considered.

</doc>
<doc id="30960805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960805" title="Richard Farnham">
Richard Farnham

Richard Farnham (died 1642), was an English self-proclaimed "prophet", who claimed, with John Bull, to be one of the witnesses spoken of in the Book of Revelation, xi. 3.
Life and work.
Farnham was a weaver who came from Colchester to Whitechapel in London around 1636, where he and a fellow-craftsman, John Bull, announced that they were prophets inspired with "the very spirit of God". They claimed to be "the two great prophets which should come in the end of the world mentioned in Revelation", and asserted "that the plague should not come nigh their dwelling". Their ravings attracted general attention. 
In obedience (as he stated) to an obscure scriptural text, Farnham married Elizabeth Addington, whose husband, Thomas, a sailor, was alive at the time, although away from home. By this union Farnham had a large family. In April 1636, he and Bull were arrested on a charge of heresy, and examined on the 16th by the Court of High Commission. Farnham was committed to Newgate prison. A pamphlet issued in 1636, under the pseudonym "T. H.", reported their replies to the interrogations of the commissioners, under the title of "A True Discourse of the two infamous upstart prophets, Richard Farnham, weaver of Whitechapel, and John Bull, weaver of St. Botolph's, Aldgate" 1636. Farnham added in an appendix an explicit denial that he claimed to be Christ or Elias, or that he had prophesied a shower of blood, but insisted that he foresaw a long drought, pestilence, and war. 
On the 23rd February 1636–7, Farnham was still in Newgate and petitioned the Archbishop of Canterbury, William Laud for his own release. He described himself as "a prophet of the most High God", expressed his fear that he had been forgotten by the court of high commission, requested to be brought to trial immediately, and threatened an appeal to the king. On 7 March, he wrote a second letter to Laud, demanding permission to return to "Long Lane, near Whittington's Cat", where he had resided, although he had now no home, his family was dispersed, and two of his children were "on the parish". 
On the 17th March, he petitioned the council to protect him from Laud, who declined to read his letters. Soon afterwards he was taken to Bethlehem Hospital and kept in close confinement. On 26 January 1637–8 the doctors reported to the privy council that he was sane and should have his liberty in the hospital. Meanwhile the husband of Elizabeth Addington — the woman who had feloniously married Farnham— returned home, and charged her with bigamy. She was tried and convicted in August 1638, but was afterwards reprieved, as Farnham was held to be responsible for her crime. 
The judges, after the gaol delivery at which the woman was indicted, ordered Farnham to be removed from Bethlehem to Bridewell, and there "to be kept at hard labour". Late in 1640 he sickened of the plague, and was moved to the house of a friend and disciple named Cortin or Curtain in Rosemary Lane. He died there in January 1641–2. Elizabeth Addington nursed him and reported that, in accordance with his prophecy, he rose from the dead on 8 January 1641–2. Bull died ten days after Farnham, and their followers insisted that they had "gone in vessels of bulrushes to convert the ten tribes". 
Besides the pamphlet mentioned above, two others dealt with Farnham's career: 1. "A Curb for Sectaries and bold propheciers, by which Richard Farnham the Weaver, James Hunt the Farmer, M. Greene the Feltmaker, and all other the like bold Propheciers and Sect Leaders may be bridled", London, 1641. 2. "False Prophets Discovered, being a true story of the Lives and Deaths of two weavers, late of Colchester, viz. Richard Farnham and John Bull …", London, 1641[–2].

</doc>
<doc id="30960822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960822" title="List of Jake and the Never Land Pirates episodes">
List of Jake and the Never Land Pirates episodes

This is a list of episodes for the Disney Junior original series "Jake and the Never Land Pirates". As of July 18, 2014, the series has aired 72 episodes and 3 hour-long episodes (73 overall) since its premiere on February 14, 2011.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Episodes.
Season 3 (2014-present).
On February 13, 2012, the series was renewed for the third season, on December 6, 2013, Disney announced the premiere date of the third season was January 3, 2014.
Season 4 (TBA).
On January 8, 2014, Disney recently ordered a fourth season of Jake and the Never Land Pirates.
Jake and the Never Land Pirates: Never Land Rescue.
When Jake's crew is having lunch, and after saying, "Never Land Forever!", Jake's sword mysteriously vanishes. The crew learns from Fairy Rock that Never Land is in danger of disappearing forever. The crew begins their quest to save Never Land.
When the crew is on their adventure, Izzy's pixie dust and the pictures on Cubby's map vanish as well. When all hope seems lost, a mysterious guardian appears to Jake, Izzy, and Cubby, and tells them that a quest must be completed in order to save it. The crew is willing to take on the challenge, but the guardian says only one of them can save Never Land. Jake decides to take on the quest, and taking Izzy's pixie dust and Cubby's map with him, sets off to find and restore the magical Forever Tree, the power of which sustains all of Never Land.
When the rest of the crew goes back to Pirate Island, they discover that Captain Hook and his crew are on Pirate Island digging up the place looking for treasure. Izzy, Cubby, and Skully do everything they can to stop Captain Hook.
Meanwhile, Jake follows a small flying light as he completes his quest. First, he goes to the almost-empty Fountain of Forever and gets more pixie dust. Then, with the help of Marina the Mermaid (voiced by Ariel Winter) and Stormy the Mermaid (voiced by Allisyn Ashley Arm), Jake gets an ink from a golden octopus to make a new map for Cubby. When Jake gets to the door to the Forever Tree, he uses a medallion the guardian gave him to open the door. He gets a new golden sword from the old tree, and then the tree disappears.
Meanwhile, the rest of Jake's crew has finally gotten rid of Captain Hook, just in time for the small flying light to find them and lead them to Jake and the guardian, who need their help to make a new Forever Tree grow. They hold hands and quietly chant, "Yo Ho, Forever Tree Grow!" eight times, and a new Forever Tree grows, then the crew sing "Never Land is Waiting For You", the magic is restored, everything reappears, and Never Land is finally saved!
The guardian reveals himself to be Peter Pan (voiced by Adam Wylie), and the small flying light is revealed to be Tinker Bell (who does not have a voice). Peter Pan gives Jake the power to fly without pixie dust and invites Jake to explore the world beyond Never Land. Jake wants to bring the rest of his crew, but Peter said that only he can go because he completed the quest. He says his final goodbyes to his crew and goes with Peter Pan, and the crew goes back to Pirate Island.
While flying with Peter Pan, Jake has a feeling that his crew may need him and goes back to Pirate Island. Captain Hook has returned, then he traps Izzy, Cubby, and Skully in a cage, and taken their Team Treasure Chest. Jake then frees his mates, but Captain Hook traps Tinker Bell and uses her pixie dust on his ship to fly away. Jake and his ship, Bucky, chase after Hook. Peter Pan frees Tinker Bell, while Bucky shoots a water cannon at Hook's ship to make him stop flying. Jake's crew and Peter Pan do, however, forgive Hook's crew for trying to steal Jake's treasure.
Peter Pan still invites Jake to explore the worlds beyond Never Land with him, but Jake decides to stay in Never Land and Pirate Island with the rest of his crew, because they are not just shipmates, teammates, or even friends... they are a family. Peter Pan agrees saying it was meant to be. The special ends with Peter Pan making gold doubloons fall from the sky and they have the crew's faces on them.
"Never Land Rescue" premiered as an hour-long special on September 29, 2013 at 6pm/5c on Disney Channel. The special was preceded by an encore presentation of the Disney/Pixar movie "Cars 2", which debuted on Disney Channel the night before on September 28. "Never Land Rescue" was followed at 6:55pm/5:55c by the debut of a new short series, "Mama Hook Knows Best", centered around Captain Hook's mother (voiced by Sharon Osbourne). "Never Land Rescue" re-aired at 7pm/6c on Disney Junior the Channel.
Other movies.
Jake and the Never Land Pirates: Peter Pan Returns.
Peter Pan (voiced by Adam Wylie) loses his shadow while playing with it so Jake and his crew help him find it. However, Captain Hook gets the shadow and will only give it back to Peter if he and Jake's crew leave Never Land.
"Peter Pan Returns" aired on Disney Channel on February 13, 2012 at 7pm/6c. In this special, the crew collected 15 gold doubloons.
Jake and the Never Land Pirates: Jake Saves Bucky.
According to The Never Land Pirate Code of Rules, Jake and his crew are forced to compete against Captain Hook in a pirate ship race, and if Captain Hook wins, Jake's ship Bucky belongs to him. Hook cheats, wins the race, and takes Bucky away. The children call out to Peter Pan (voiced by Adam Wylie) to help them save their ship. To save Bucky, the heroes must get past a fire breathing dragon and retrieve a giant golden bell before sunrise. Jake and Peter Pan fly when the dragon
chases Jake and Peter. Izzy and Cubby get the Golden Bell and notice it's too heavy. Jake and Peter Pan help Izzy and Cubby when Izzy puts pixie dust on the bell.
They race back to Never Land when Hook sees Peter Pan. Jake, Izzy and Cubby try to rescue Bucky before Hook sees them. Jake and his crew get Bucky back.
"Jake Saves Bucky" premiered on September 19, 2012 on Disney Channel at 7pm/6c. This special was originally slated to be a full-length movie entitled "Bucky's Great Race", but was reduced to an hour-long special with its current title. In this special, the pirate crew collected 12 gold doubloons.

</doc>
<doc id="30960845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960845" title="Simcha Krauss">
Simcha Krauss

Rabbi Simcha Krauss, a major figure in Centrist Orthodoxy, is known for his role in the Religious Zionists of America, but since making aliyah in 2005, he has been involved with Yeshivat Eretz HaTzvi, in the Katamon neighbourhood of Jerusalem. He is part of a family of which he is the 13th of 14 generations of Rabbis.
Career.
After moving from Romania as a child, he studied at Yeshivat Chaim Berlin in New York under Rabbi Yitzchok Hutner, as well as learning under Rav Soloveitchik. He was a close student of the Rav, and wrote recently an essay in the Tradition magazine, entitled 'The Rav on Zionism, Universalism and Feminism'. He lectured in political science at a number of colleges.
He was a Rabbi of the Young Israel of Hillcrest, and the Young Israel of St. Louis for many years, and also taught at Yeshiva University in New York.
He became president of the Religious Zionists of America, before making aliya in 2005.
He now teaches at Yeshivat Eretz Hatzvi in Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="30960846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960846" title="Lomaptera">
Lomaptera

Lomaptera are beetles from the subfamily Cetoniinae, tribe Schizorhinini. The genus was created by Gory & Percheron, in 1833. The type species of the genus is "Cetonia papua" Guérin-Méneville, 1830. These cetoniids have the tip of the scutellum invisible, which makes the difference with the genus Ischiopsopha.
The genus is spread throughout the whole Australian region.
Species.
The details of the paramers have been published in the volume 25 of The Beetles of the World, together with many distribution maps.

</doc>
<doc id="30960853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960853" title="Downbound / Upbound">
Downbound / Upbound

Downbound - A direction a vessel is moving in the Great Lakes region. The St. Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation uses term for eastward movements of cargo. The U.S. Coast Guard uses the term for vessels following the current. Upbound describes a vessel moving in the opposite direction.

</doc>
<doc id="30960861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960861" title="Richard Farnworth">
Richard Farnworth

Richard Farnworth (died 1666) was an English Quaker writer of tracts.
Life.
Farnworth was born in the north of England, and appears to have been a labouring man. In 1651 he attended the Quaker yearly meeting at Balby in Yorkshire, where he resided, when he was convinced by the preaching of George Fox. Joining the Society of Friends, became a minister. For some time he seems to have attached himself to Fox, with whom he visited Swarthmore in 1652. During this year he interrupted a congregation at a church in or near Wakefield, but was permitted to leave without molestation. 
In 1655 Farnworth was put out of a church in Worcester for asking a question of Richard Baxter, who was preaching, and in the same year was imprisoned at Banbury for not raising his hat to the mayor. He was offered his release if he would pay the gaoler's fees, which he refused to do on the ground that his imprisonment was illegal, when he was offered the oath of abjuration, and on his declining to take it was committed to prison for six months. The latter part of his life was spent in ministerial journeys. 
Farnworth died in the parish of St. Thomas Apostle, London, on 29 June 1666, of fever. One of the more successful of the early Quaker ministers, he was praised by the Quaker historian William Sewel as "a man of notable gifts".
Works.
Farnworth wrote a large number of tracts, which enjoyed a wide popularity during his lifetime, but his works were not collected. The major tracts were: 

</doc>
<doc id="30960863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960863" title="Rupert Schiessl">
Rupert Schiessl

Rupert Schiessl (born in Vienna, Austria, on December 2, 1982) is a French entrepreneur and strong advocate of software as a service (SaaS) since he founded Verteego in early 2007. Currently he is CEO of Verteego, a SaaS provider of carbon management software, as well as CEO of Jolicharts, a SaaS business intelligence platform founded in Paris, France.
He holds a Master degree in Management of New Technologies from HEC Paris. He has close connections to the French government through various meetings with Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet. and Nicole Bricq.

</doc>
<doc id="30960876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960876" title="M.U.K">
M.U.K

M.U.K
Fre(e)d, in solo / F. Mattrat
Biography.
Male artist born in France on December 25 th in Rouen, Normandy. His acronym means "Myself Under Karma".
He writes aphorisms, paints and composes music under the name Fre(e)d, in solo. 
The style should be described as " free " with a main influence found in Basquiat's work.
He started to paint as a teenager, a little before the 21st century.
In his own words:
"I have a deep respect for the chance we have when enjoying this Channel of creation.
When this connection between all the elements of the Circle of Life makes yourself subliming your limits.
We find it in the daily life as well, acting good and open to the delight of the Nature."
M.U.K never wanted to attempt artschool, or have anything to deal with the art world.
But is now open to collaborations with musical bands for visuals or other artists all over the world.
As well as sponsors or galleries with a great ethic ...
Shows.
• GA/GI 2 Festival in Pittsburgh, Pa, U.S.A. April 1+2, 2011. -> Festival's Blog.
• First official solo show scheduled for February 2013.
Other Activities.
"Music" under the name Fre(e)d, in solo and has self-produced his records. Link 
• Fallen Leaves (2012) Link 
• Flowerdew (2010) Link 
• Full So(o)n (2008) Link 
• Forgive Your Realities (2006) Link 
• Flashed ( In the South ) (2004) Link 
"Aphorisms and spiritual support" under the name " Moontain " Link 
External links.
Article from Jan.2011 (French) Bazart Magazine
His paintings' page on Facebook 
Album on the website Flickr
Twinflame Artist Michelle Gregio 
Official website / moontain.org 

</doc>
<doc id="30960881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960881" title="NAM Memorial Higher Secondary School, Peringathur">
NAM Memorial Higher Secondary School, Peringathur

NAM Memorial Higher Secondary School is famous school situated in Peringathur near Panoor of Kannur district in Kerala. This school famous in District, State level School Kalolthsavams. This institution is run by MECF(Malabar Educational and Cultural Foundation). NAM nearly consists of 2800 students and about 100 teachers. This School provides classes from 8th to +2. NAM is founded for the purpose of providing education for Minority Community like Muslims. The current Principal of NAM is N A Rafeeq and HeadMaster is Padmanabhan. And this School is popular for the performance in Oppanaz. Also it provides better results in Public exams.

</doc>
<doc id="30960893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960893" title="Catherine Masters">
Catherine Masters

Catherine Murray Millar Masters (née Cromb; 23 November 1899 – 14 February 2011) was a British supercentenarian.
Life.
Masters was born in Dundee, Scotland, the daughter of David Lyall Cromb (1875–1961), an editor of the local "Courier" newspaper. The family moved to London in 1908 (or 1909) where her father eventually changed his career path to literary agent. Masters married twice, had a son, two grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
In 1921, she married John McInnes, who worked for a tea importing company, but McInnes died in 1962, and their son died of cancer in 1968. Her marriage to her second husband, Albert Masters, lasted from 1972 to his death in 1993. Following this she lived with one of her grandsons before he emigrated to South Africa in 2006.
In 2009, she wrote to Buckingham Palace to complain that she had received a birthday card with the same design for five consecutive years. This led to a 40 minute visit and an apology from Prince William at the Grange Care Centre in Stanford-in-the-Vale, Oxfordshire, where she lived from around 2006.
At the end of her life, Masters was the oldest living person born in Scotland and the third oldest person in the United Kingdom. She died from complications following an operation to insert a heart pacemaker, but was able to live with no nursing at all up to 10 days before her death. She was survived by a 48-year old grandson and two great grand-daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="30960897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960897" title="Dan Jarvis">
Dan Jarvis

Daniel Owen Woolgar Jarvis, MBE (born 30 November 1972) is a British Labour Party politician and former British Army officer. After a career in the Parachute Regiment including most of the regiment's major deployments, he went into politics and has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Barnsley Central since a by-election held on 3 March 2011.
Early life.
Jarvis was born on 30 November 1972 in Nottingham, the son of a lecturer and a probation officer. He attended Lady Bay Primary School. 
He and his brother Rob Jarvis are fans of Nottingham Forest F.C., with both as children failing to gain tickets in the ballot for the 1989 F.A. Cup semi-final between Forest and Liverpool, and hence they did not have to witness the Hillsborough disaster.
He studied international politics at Aberystwyth University. He graduated in 1996 with a Bachelor of Science degree in International Politics and Strategic Studies. He graduated with an MA in Conflict, Security & Development from King's College London in 2011.
Military career.
Jarvis attended the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst as an officer cadet. On 9 August 1997, he given a short service commission into the Parachute Regiment as a subaltern (second lieutenant) with seniority from 9 July 1994. On the same day he was promoted to subaltern (lieutenant) with seniority from 9 July 1996. He then joined the 1st Battalion, Parachute Regiment. On 4 October 2000, he transferred to an intermediate regular commission. At the time he was an acting captain. He was promoted to captain on 10 October 2001. 
Having attended the Intermediate Command and Staff Course at the Joint Services Command and Staff College, he was promoted to major on 31 July 2003. He transferred to a regular commission on 9 February 2004. In the later part of his army career he was stationed at HQ Land Forces in Wilton, and lived in Salisbury.
During his time in the Parachute Regiment, Jarvis was a platoon commander with 3 Para in Kosovo in 1999, and was with General Sir Mike Jackson at Pristina Airport when Jackson refused the suggestion of his American NATO superior to confront Russian forces. Jarvis later described Jackson's comment to Wesley Clark that he was "not going to start World War Three for you" as a "very surreal moment in my life". Jarvis then served as Jackson's personal staff officer. In 2000 he was deployed to Sierra Leone in the aftermath of Operation Barras to help the Army learn the lessons of the kidnap of a group of troops by an armed rebel group.
Jarvis served in Iraq during Operation Telic and in Afghanistan during Operation Herrick. He was deployed to Afghanistan twice, first as a member of the team making the first reconnaissance trips to Helmand Province in 2005 to 2006 in preparation for a decision on whether to commit British troops there. The second deployment was a six-month tour as a company commander with the Special Forces Support Group, leading a company of 100 troops. He was also deployed to Northern Ireland.
He resigned his commission on 3 March 2011. In the 2011 Queen's Birthday Honours, he was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire (Military division).
Politics.
Although his military service had precluded political activity, Jarvis had joined the Labour Party at the age of 18 while at university. Shortly before the 2010 general election, Jarvis was shortlisted for the Labour Party selection in the south Wales seat of Islwyn. He picked up support from one local would-be candidate who had not made the shortlist, but he was not selected.
Jarvis was selected as the Labour candidate for Barnsley Central on 27 January 2011 following the resignation of Eric Illsley, who stood down after being convicted of fraud for his part in the United Kingdom Parliamentary expenses scandal. An eliminating ballot was held and at the penultimate stage Jarvis was tied with local councillor Linda Burgess, each several votes behind Richard Burgon. London Regional Director, Ken Clark, put two pieces of paper into the Press Officer, Phil Dilk's, hat. One that said "Loser" and one that said "Winner" and Burgess went first picking out the paper that said "loser", and Jarvis won; in the final stage he picked up most of Burgess' votes to win selection. He became the first Labour candidate for the Barnsley Central seat since 1938 who was not born in Yorkshire.
MP for Barnsley Central.
On his selection he resigned his commission to stand in the by-election, and gave his campaign the codename 'Operation Honey Badger', referring to a famously fierce animal and signifying his determination to fight for the people of Barnsley. Jarvis found that his Nottingham origins put off some Barnsley voters who remembered the fact that Nottinghamshire miners did not join the 1984-85 strike, although he had been 12 at the time. He was elected with over 60% of the vote in the by-election held on 3 March 2011.
During his maiden speech on the 2011 budget, Jarvis called for a change in economic policy including "a plan to get jobs and to help families feeling the squeeze". He also referred to Parachute Regiment colleagues who had been killed in action and argued that the UK and US should put forward reconciliation in Afghanistan. He joined the Business, Innovation and Skills Select Committee on 21 March. Jarvis spoke in a debate about NHS reforms in May 2011, paying emotional tribute to the doctors and nurses who cared for his wife, and fearing an ideological free-market agenda which would undermine “all that is great about the NHS”.
In October 2011, Jarvis was appointed Shadow Arts and Culture Minister, part of the Shadow Culture, Media and Sport team led by Harriet Harman, moving to become Shadow Youth Justice and Victims Minister in Labour leader Ed Miliband's October 2013 shadow cabinet reshuffle.
Personal life.
Jarvis met his wife Caroline in 2000 when she was working as a personal chef for the family of General Sir Mike Jackson. Their first child was born in 2003, three days before Jarvis was deployed to Iraq; a second child was born in 2005. Caroline Jarvis was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2006 and died in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30960938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960938" title="Kavala Prefecture">
Kavala Prefecture

Kavala Prefecture () was one of the prefectures of Greece. Its capital was Kavala. It was established in 1915, soon after its territory was incorporated into Greece in the Balkan Wars. The prefecture was disbanded on 1 January 2011 by the Kallikratis programme, and split into the regional units of Kavala and Thasos.

</doc>
<doc id="30960940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960940" title="Last of the Country Gentlemen">
Last of the Country Gentlemen

Last of the Country Gentlemen is a single disc album release from Texan musician Josh T. Pearson.
The album was recorded in Berlin in two nights, freshly written and committed to tape after Pearson saw how the songs affected audiences when he played them live.
The recording, which was released in March 2011 by Mute Records is the first solo album from Pearson.
History.
All the songs on the new album (the first since 2001) are all new, according to Josh T. Pearson. "The last couple of years I got sober and started working again with a little more discipline. Before I was writing all the time but never finishing," he told "Q magazine". If there was any pressure at first for a new material, in a couple of years it was gone:
The album, recorded in "cold, cold Berlin", came as a result of a relationship he described as "pretty heartbreaking" and was difficult to create. "I went grey overnight... It was one of the most painful times of my life. I can't listen to it. I haven't listened to it since we've finished it", he said. For a while Pearson thought the album shouldn't be released at all, so painful was the feel. "It's why people go to a priest - so no one else hears you. But playing songs live seemed to help people. I don't know if it's a big mistake, but it's coming out now. Maybe it can do some good," he said.
Accolades.
"Uncut" placed the album at number 5 on its list of "Top 50 albums of 2011", while "Mojo", "Rolling Stone", and "Q" ranked it 7, 33, and 42, respectively.
Personnel.
Written & performed by Josh T. Pearson. Published by Mute Song Ltd.
Produced by Peter Sasala.
Recorded by Martin J. Fiedler at Klangbild Studios, Berlin.
Mixed by Gareth Jones at Mute Studio, London. Assisted by Neil Quinlan. 
Except 'Sweetheart I Ain't Your Christ' mixed by Martin J. Fiedler at Klangbild Studios, Berlin.
Additional recording & mixing by David 'Saxon' Greenep at Mute Studio, London.
Strings arranged & performed by Mike Siddell (3,6), Warren Ellis & (3,4), Will Calderbank (3) & SixToes (4).
CD Track listing.
The songs on the standard CD version of the album are:
LP Track listing.
The songs on the vinyl LP version of the album are:
Rough Trade Shops Track listing.
The songs on the exclusive version of the album available only at Rough Trade Shops are:

</doc>
<doc id="30960978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960978" title="Stamsnijder">
Stamsnijder

Stamsnijder is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30960991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960991" title="Fortuin">
Fortuin

People named Fortuin include
See also

</doc>
<doc id="30960999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30960999" title="Tabitha Gilman Tenney">
Tabitha Gilman Tenney

__NOTOC__
Tabitha Gilman Tenney (1762-1837) was an early American author from Exeter, New Hampshire. Her novel "Female Quixotism, Exhibited in the Romantic Opinions and Extravagant Adventures of Dorcasina Sheldon", which followed Cervantes in attacking the delusions encouraged by romantic literature, was first published in two volumes in 1801.
Literary historian F. L. Patee has described "Female Quixotism" (1801) as the most popular novel written in America prior to the publication of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" in 1852. "Female Quixotism" went through at least five editions and was still in print when Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote her landmark book.
In 1788 she married Samuel Tenney, a former army surgeon. He was elected to Congress in 1788. They had no children.
Upon her 1837 death in Exeter, she was buried at the Winter Street Burial Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="30961019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961019" title="2011 China Open (snooker)">
2011 China Open (snooker)

The 2011 Bank of Beijing China Open was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 28 March and 3 April 2011 at the Beijing University Students' Gymnasium in Beijing, China.
Mark Williams was the defending champion, but he lost 4–5 against Stephen Lee in the first round, despite making four century breaks. 
Judd Trump won his first ranking title by defeating Mark Selby 10–8 in the final. 
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below: 
Wildcard round.
These matches were played in Beijing on 28 & 29 March.
Qualifying.
These matches took place between 24 and 27 February 2011 at the World Snooker Academy, Sheffield, England. 

</doc>
<doc id="30961050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961050" title="Lembi Vaher">
Lembi Vaher

Lembi Vaher (born February 11, 1987) is an Estonian pole vaulter.
Her personal best is 4.09 metres, achieved in Kohila in June 2009.
Her indoor record is 4.22, achieved in February 2012, which is also a national record.
She is Estonian champion 2007−2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30961052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961052" title="Strathendrick and Aberfoyle Railway">
Strathendrick and Aberfoyle Railway

The Strathendrick and Aberfoyle Railway was a railway line in Scotland, now closed.
The line was operated by the North British Railway and then, after 1923, by the London and North Eastern Railway. Unable to compete in the face of road competition, the line was closed to passengers by British Railways in 1951 and completely in 1959.
History.
On 12 August 1880 the Strathendrick and Aberfoyle Railway was authorised to extend the Blane Valley Railway to Aberfoyle, running for part of the way between Gartness Junction and Buchlyvie Junction over the metals of the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway which had opened in 1856, and was also operated by the North British Railway. The line opened two years later on 1 August 1882. A new station a little nearer the village took on the Killearn name, with the existing Blane Valley Railway Killearn station renamed after the celebrated hill of that name. A focus for the line was very much on visitors coming to see the natural beauty of the area, the Trossachs, and Loch Katrine, which had been popularised by Sir Walter Scott since the 1810s.
This route had originally been proposed in the plans for the Blane Valley Railway, but had not been pursued when money had fallen short. Plans had also called for the railway to be extended along Loch Ard towards Inversnaid on Loch Lomond, but this was blocked by the objections of the major landowner in the area, the Duke of Montrose.
The Strathendrick and Aberfoyle Railway was absorbed by the North British Railway by Act of Parliament on 5 August 1891.
Closure.
By summer 1950 Aberfoyle was being served by three trains a day. The line was closed to passengers the next year, on 1 October 1951. Both the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway and Strathendrick and Aberfoyle Railway closed completely eight years later. 

</doc>
<doc id="30961066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961066" title="Magnesia Prefecture">
Magnesia Prefecture

Magnesia Prefecture () was one of the prefectures of Greece. Its capital was Volos. It was established in 1899 from the Larissa Prefecture. The prefecture was disbanded on 1 January 2011 by the Kallikratis programme, and split into the regional units of Magnesia and the Sporades.
The toponym is ancient to the region.

</doc>
<doc id="30961071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961071" title="Valler Upper Secondary School">
Valler Upper Secondary School

Valler videregående skole (The "Valler Upper Secondary School") is an upper secondary school located in Sandvika near Oslo, Norway.
The school's motto is the Norwegian phrase "Hjerte og ånd, vilje og ansvar" ("Heart and spirit, will and responsibility").
History.
The school dates back to 1888 and was established under the name Bærum Middelskole. The classes were taught at Valler farm during the first years, but was later moved to Sandvika. In 1939 the school moved to its current location, and the building was expanded in 1998.
Programs.
Valler Upper Secondary School offers one program, namely study specialized education programs. Within the program, students may specialize in three subprograms: science, language and social science, and visual arts.

</doc>
<doc id="30961098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961098" title="Closer (Jars of Clay song)">
Closer (Jars of Clay song)

"Closer" is a song written and performed by Christian rock act Jars of Clay. The radio single was released in promotion of the band's 2008-released EP, "Closer". Although the track also appears on the band's 2009 album "The Long Fall Back to Earth", the single was released far in advance of its announcement and release to be considered that album's first single. The version of the song that appears on "The Long Fall Back to Earth" is a different mix than the one that appears on the "Closer EP", containing a longer intro and song length. "Closer" was co-produced by Ron Aniello, who also helped co-produce the band's 2003 release "Who We Are Instead" and helped co-write a handful of tracks from their "Good Monsters" studio album.

</doc>
<doc id="30961106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961106" title="A Girl Meets Bossanova">
A Girl Meets Bossanova

A Girl Meets Bossanova is debut album released in 2005 by Olivia Ong.

</doc>
<doc id="30961108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961108" title="Arthur Hoeber">
Arthur Hoeber

Arthur Hoeber (23 July 1854 New York City – 29 April 1915 Nutley, New Jersey) was a United States painter best known for his writing on art-related subjects.
Biography.
He studied with James Carroll Beckwith at the Art Students League of New York, and with Jean-Léon Gérôme in Paris at the École des Beaux Arts. He exhibited for the first time at the Salon in 1882 (“Sur la Grande Route”; in 1885 his offering was “Le Pain Quotidien”) and was a contributor to most American exhibitions. While well known as a successful painter, his reputation perhaps rests on his art criticism. He was art director for the New York "Times" for three years and was assistant editor of the "Illustrated American" for one year. He later was art critic for the New York "Globe and Commercial Advertiser". He was also widely known as a lecturer on art subjects. He was a member of the International Art Association of Chicago, and was elected an associate of the National Academy. During the last years of his life, Hoeber resided on The Enclosure, a street in Nutley, New Jersey, that had long been the home to many artists.
Works.
His popular writings include "The Treasures of the Metropolitan Museum of Art" (1892) and "Painting in the Nineteenth Century in France, Belgium, Spain and Italy".

</doc>
<doc id="30961128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961128" title="Davor Zupičić">
Davor Zupičić

Davor Zupičić (born December 5, 1993), known sometimes by his nickname Zubi, is a Croatian filmmaker. Zupičić became better known in Croatian filmmaking circles as an aspiring young director in 2010 after his first feature-length, English-language amateur film "Black & White" was released and shown in cinemas in Zagreb and Rijeka in June 2010. Since then, he has finished a couple of short films and is working on new projects.
Zupičić and his colleague Josip Šore are the founders of the filmmaking group "Studio Limb" (previously New Found Pictures), based in Dom Mladih, Rijeka.

</doc>
<doc id="30961162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961162" title="Zina Yazji">
Zina Yazji

Zina Yazji (Arabic: زينة يازجي) is a Syrian journalist, news agency reporter and television news anchor.
Career.
Yazji earned a BA in English Literature from Tishreen University and a degree in media from the American University in Beirut.
She started working for Reuters and then for the Associated Press in its Beirut bureau. Then, she became a reporter for CNBC in Syria. She, later, moved to the Syrian Television as a presenter of political programs for a year and a half. She has been an anchor for Al Arabiya. She presented the weekly political program "Tahta Al-Daw" ("Under the Light") on Al Arabiya. She resigned from Al-Arabiya on May 11, 2011 due to the Syrian uprising.
Personal life.
She is married to the Syrian actor Abed Fahed and has one daughter Leona and one son Taim.

</doc>
<doc id="30961169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961169" title="Iberê Camargo">
Iberê Camargo

Iberê Bassani Camargo (Restinga Seca, 1914 - Porto Alegre, 1994) was a Brazilian painter, one of the greatest expressionist artists from his country. 
Shortly after his death, the Iberê Camargo Foundation was created by his widow, Maria Coussirat Camargo. Since 2008 the Foudantion headquarters and museum is located in a building designed by Portuguese architect Álvaro Siza. Thousands of paintings by Camargo are on display there.

</doc>
<doc id="30961187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961187" title="List of educational institutions in Gobichettipalayam">
List of educational institutions in Gobichettipalayam

Education in Gobichettipalayam.
Gobichettipalayam is an industrial and agricultural area, and is an educational hub. It sends the second highest number of students to professional courses in Tamil Nadu each year.

</doc>
<doc id="30961207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961207" title="List of Maratha people">
List of Maratha people

The following is a list of notable people from the Maratha community.
Maratha Rulers and Generals.
Maratha Rulers.
Maratha is also known as "Kurvadi"
Police.
vishwas nangre patil Ips

</doc>
<doc id="30961208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961208" title="Ingham Academy High School (Michigan)">
Ingham Academy High School (Michigan)

Ingham Academy High School is an alternative high school located in Lansing, Michigan. It is run with a partnership between Ingham Intermediate School District, Highfields, and the Ingham County Circuit Court. With the partnership of these three agencies, the focus of the Ingham Academy is to educate at risk students with the Michigan school curriculum and the life-skills needed for being a productive citizen.
The Ingham Academy was founded in 2007 with 2 high school classrooms and 20 students in the Grady Porter Building in downtown Lansing. It has grown to 6 teachers and nearly 60 students, including one 8th grade classroom, at its new location at 1601 W Holmes Rd.

</doc>
<doc id="30961242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961242" title="Useless Kisses">
Useless Kisses

Useless Kisses (Persian: بوسه‌های بیهوده) is the fourth studio album by Mohsen Namjoo. It was released at the Stanford University Launch party on February 13.
This is the only concept album of Mohsen Namjoo, all tracks are love songs and they tell the story of beginning and fall of a relationship. A supergroup was used for the album, most of the band members were notable independent classical musicians or Kiosk band members at the time.
References.
http://www.sociarts.com/blogs/1097/mohsen-namjoo-and-his-useless-kisses

</doc>
<doc id="30961251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961251" title="Matti Järvinen (ice hockey b. 1984)">
Matti Järvinen (ice hockey b. 1984)

Matti Järvinen (born April 20, 1984) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender who played for Ässät in the SM-liiga during the 2003–04 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30961258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961258" title="4758th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron">
4758th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron

The 4713th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 26th Air Division, Aerospace Defense Command at Holloman AFB, New Mexico. It was inactivated on 31 October 1970.
History.
World War II.
The 4758th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron started life at Biggs Army Airfield, Texas in 1939 as the 129th Observation Squadron, part of the ground observation network, Civil Air Patrol. The squadron was equipped with a single Martin B-10 bomber used for making aerial observations along the Mexican border. 
During World War II, Biggs AAF became a hub of training activity for B-17 Flying Fortress and B-24 Liberators under II Bomber Command. The squadron's designation was changed to the 6th Tow Target Squadron, flying B-10s and other obsolete aircraft for aerial gunnery practice. 
Its aircraft were painted in bright orange on their upper surfaces and were silver underneath. The target banner was launched by having the cable drum draw in a short amount of cable that was threaded out through the tail and attached to the forward end of a folded-up target banner carried inside the canister. Once the target banner was drawn out of the canister, it unfurled in the airstream and the cable drum extended it out to about 5000 feet (1500 meters) behind the aircraft. The unit went though several designations at Biggs Field, eventually becoming the 406th Army Air Force Base Unit. In December, 1944 the unit moved to Deming AAF, New Mexico. In September 1945 the unit returned to Biggs and was redesignated the 27th Tow Target Squadron. Late 1947 brought another name change; the 1st TTS, and was eventually inactivated in October 1949.
Cold War.
The 1 TTS was reactivated in July 1950 as a tenant unit under the 97th Bombardment Wing, Strategic Air Command. Its mission was to furnish airborne target and tracking missions for the Army Anti-Aircraft Artillery School at Fort Bliss. During the 1950s, the squadron operated World War II TB-26 Invaders being retired by TAC and B-45 Tornados retired by SAC after its B-47s became operational. The squadron was reassigned on 1 January 1958 to Tactical Air Command, and placed under Twelfth Air Force. Its aircraft were replaced with the B-57E Canberra. The B-57E (Martin Model 272E) was originally a target-towing version of the B-57B tactical bomber, and could operate at altitudes over 40,000 feet (13 km), providing much more realistic combat training than was possible with piston-engined target towing aircraft. 
On 30 June 1960 the squadron was re-designated as the 1st Aerial Tracking Squadron. The 1st ATS was additionally equipped with former TAC F-100C Super Sabres, with a mission of providing supersonic target aircraft for Air Defense Command radars, exercising SAGE Direction Centers to vector F-102 and F-106 interceptors to the target aircraft. On 1 June 1962 the squadron was transferred to Air Defense Command, continuing its mission and being re-designated as the 4758th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron. .
Biggs AFB was closed in April 1966 and the squadron was reassigned to Holloman AFB, New Mexico. At Holloman the squadron operated as a tenant organization being logistically supported by the 6580th Air Base Group, Air Force Systems Command. The F-100s were sent to the Air National Guard and the unit continued its training mission with the EB-57Es. It additionally provided training and assistance to Army anti-aircraft missile units at the White Sands Missile Range. It was inactivated on 31 October 1970, due to budget reductions, its personnel and aircraft being reassigned to the 4677th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron at Hill AFB, Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="30961265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961265" title="Einstein and Boyd v 357 LLC and the Corcoran Group, et al.">
Einstein and Boyd v 357 LLC and the Corcoran Group, et al.

Einstein v 357 LLC is a United States New York Supreme Court landmark decision which addresses a party’s discovery obligations and the safeguarding of evidence. In particular, this decision addresses the issue of the intentional destruction of digital evidence when litigation has commenced or is reasonably anticipated. In short, this decision eradicates
the excuse of ignorance in terms of how electronically stored information is saved, deleted, and retrieved.
Background.
The plaintiffs in this lawsuit, Harold Einstein and Jennifer Boyd brought an action against the defendants, 357 LLC, Ultimate Realty, Isaac Mishan, Jeanette Sabbagh, Joseph Sabbagh, The Corcoran Group (a real estate business established by Barbara Corocran), Adam Pacelli (“Pacelli”), Christina Coats (“Coats”), Anne Marie Gatz (“Gatz”), Daniel Alter Architect, PPL, Daniel Alter, Kutnicki-Bernsetein Architects, PLLC, Daniel Berstein, Andrew Katz, Peter Miceli, and Peter Miceli Plumbing. The action is based on claims against the Defendants for fraudulent inducement, fraudulent concealment, negligent misrepresentation, and violations of New York’s Consumer Protection Act, which arose from correspondence and statements, which included emails, sent by brokers and forwarded to the Plaintiffs by the Defendants.
The claims were in connection with the alleged defective design construction, development and deceptive marketing of a condominium unit in Brooklyn (“Condominium”). The Plaintiffs are the buyers of the $1.3 million three-bedroom Park Slope Condominium which floods when it rains.
Missing Emails.
'"Discovery of Emails’’’
A number of applications and hearings took place following complaints by the Plaintiffs that the Corcoran Defendants had failed to comply with discovery obligations. The Plaintiffs took the view that the Corcoran Defendants’ failure to disclose relevant emails, or attachments associated with emails which were disclosed, is evidence of “selective editing of discovery responses and/or spoliation of evidence”.
In particular, motion was made by the Plaintiffs on October 15, 2008 to strike the pleadings of the Corcoran Group, Pacelli, Coats and Gatz (“Corcoran Defendants”) or, alternatively, to compel the Corcoran Defendants to comply with its discovery obligations. The alternative request sought to compel the Defendants to produce, amongst
other things, an image of the Corcoran Defendants’ computer hard drives and emails for forensic data recovery.
The Plaintiffs eventually obtained an order directing each of the Corcoran Defendants to produce their respective hard drives to an independent vendor for inspection and deleted file recovery and for a keyword search of terms be conducted for extraction and production. The Corcoran Defendants eventually produced two hard drives (“Hard Drives”) which they say are an exact replica of the central server in connection with the persons in question as all Corcoran e-mails are forwarded to a central server.
"'Forensic Examination of Hard Drives’’’
A third-party computer forensics expert (“Expert”) subsequently performed a forensic search and analysis of the data on the Hard Drives and found, among other things, that the Hard Drives contain no current .pst or .ost files for Pacelli or Coats. Files for Gatz disclosed a large number of emails, but none were relevant. Further, it was determined by the Expert that certain relevant emails identified by the Plaintiffs to be searched for were not found on the Hard Drives and that there was no proof of deletion found.
Findings on Evidence.
The Corcoran Group initially attempted to insist that no emails relating to the subject matter of the litigation was omitted by an explanation that all emails provided were either from a central server which contained all relevant emails or from Hard Drives which were exact duplicates of the hard drives of the office computers used by the relevant agents of Corcoran Group who worked on the sale in relation to the Condominium.
However, by the Corcoran Defendants’ subsequent evidence and testimony of Terence Thomas (“Thomas”), a director of Information Technology at the Corcoran Group, numerous incidents of material non-disclosure and numerous failures in relation to the Corcoran Defendants discharging their discovery obligations was found by the Court. The evidence showed that Thomas had failed to disclose an email deletion policy of the Corcoran Group (“Deletion Policy”) until after numerous orders of the Court and late in the proceedings. The Deletion Policy required emails to be regularly deleted by users to make room for more emails as a result of the fact that email mailboxes of Corcoran’s brokers are allocated a limited amount of megabytes. It is a part of the Deletion Policy that users must manually delete emails at their discretion, but whatever records users have are to be retained so that they may be presented.
After considering the evidence, the Court found that (1) the Corcoran Group failed to implement any change in its email Deletion Policy upon commencement of litigation; (2) the Corcoran Defendants continued to delete emails in accordance with their ordinary practices even after the commencement of
litigation because nobody, including Counsel for the Corcoran Defendants implemented any change to the Deletion Policy; (3) the Corcoran Defendants failed to submit evidence of correspondence among each other despite clear evidence that there should be; (4) the emails produced by the Corcoran Defendants were selective in nature; and (5) Counsel for the Corcoran Defendants made numerous materially false statements to the Plaintiffs and the Court, including statements which indicate that the Corcoran Defendants have, in good faith, complied with discovery obligations.
Ruling.
The Court reasoned that while deletion of emails in the ordinary course of business in not improper, parties must take additional steps to preserve potentially relevant emails once litigation has commenced or is reasonably anticipated. From the evidence which was adduced before the Court, it took the view that the Corcoran Defendants had failed to implement a litigation hold and that they should be sanctioned for such failure.
The Court took the view that the Corcoran Defendants’ “failure to suspend the deletion policy or even investigate the basic ways in which emails were stored and deleted constitutes a serious discovery default on the part of the Corcoran Defendants and their counsel rising to the level of gross negligence or willfulness”.
The Court drew the adverse inference that the emails deleted were unfavourable to the Corcoran Defendants and that at least some of the deleted emails were relevant to the litigation and favourable to the Plaintiffs.
Having found that the Plaintiffs have established that the Corcoran Defendants should be sanctioned for their failure to implement a litigation hold. The Court also awarded attorneys’ fees and costs in favour of the Plaintiffs.

</doc>
<doc id="30961271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961271" title="Maharajpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Maharajpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Maharajpur Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1961, following the delimitation of the Legislative Assembly constituencies and it was reserved for the candidates belonging to the scheduled castes from 1961-2008.
Overview.
Maharajpur (constituency number 48) is one of the 6 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Chhatarpur district. This constituency covers the entire Nowgaon tehsil of the district.
Maharajpur is part of Tikamgarh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Chhatarpur and Bijawar in this district and Jatara, Prithvipur, Niwari, Tikamgarh and Khargapur in Tikamgarh district.

</doc>
<doc id="30961292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961292" title="Jeriah Swetland">
Jeriah Swetland

Jeriah Swetland (1817-?) was an American businessman and local politician in nineteenth-century central Ohio.
A native of Springfield, New Hampshire, Swetland was the ninth of ten children born to Roswell and Naomi (Rockwell) Swetland. At the age of nineteen, he left home for an apprenticeship in the harnessmaking and saddlemaking trades. In 1841, he married the former Arabella Fellows, who bore him three children. Two years later, he left New Hampshire to settle in London, Ohio, where he began to conduct business; between 1847 and 1856, he moved at various times to Pickaway County, Mount Sterling, and again to London, where he joined in partnership with William Chandler for a ten-year period.
Swetland was a prominent part of the society of London; he joined its Masonic lodge in 1850, and he was a member of the Knights of Pythias and a leader in the Knights Templar. After a time of service on London's village council, he was elected as a Democrat to the Ohio House of Representatives, serving from 1867 to 1869. He and his wife were active members of the local congregation of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
In 1871, Swetland and his wife built a house on London's east side; known as the Swetland House in the present day, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="30961321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961321" title="Storm of Love">
Storm of Love

Sturm der Liebe (, lit. "Storm of Love") is a German television soap opera created by Bea Schmidt for Das Erste. It premiered on 26 September 2005.
It follows in several interwoven plot threads stories about relationships taking place in the fictional five-star hotel Fürstenhof, located in Feldkirchen-Westerham near Rosenheim. The plot revolves around members of the family room area, the hotel owners, and employees.
The series began production on 1 August 2005 and was originally broadcast beginning 26 September 2005 on weekdays at 15:10.
In France, the series was broadcast from episode 1392 (season 7) since 2 April 2013 on France 2 with the name of "Le Tourbillon de l'Amour" and in Austria, the series was broadcast from episode 166 onwards since mid-July 2006 on ORF 2. A summary of episodes 1 to 165 was broadcast as a pilot.
"Storm of Love" has been licensed to 20 stations worldwide, and rights to all episodes were given to STV (Slovakia), LTV1 (Latvia), TV 3 (Lithuania), TV3 (Estonia) and Rete 4 (Italy). Rete 4 broadcasts the series under the name "Tempesta d'amore". Nova TV in Bulgaria has broadcast the series since the end of July 2009 under a title translating as "Winds of Love." Vitaya in Belgium broadcasts under the title "Sturm der liebe". Polish channel TV Puls broadcasts it under the title "Burza uczuć", Finnish channel Sub under the title "Lemmen viemää", and Icelandic channel RÚV under the title "Ástareldur" (Fire of Love).
Main characters.
Werner once married Charlotte Saalfeld, heir to Fürstenhof. For many years he was director of the 5-star hotels. After almost 40 years, he has also finally reconciled with his brother André, and hires him as a cook to Fürstenhof. His habit of dating beautiful women has not changed. He has cheated on his wife Charlotte over and over again, which eventually led to divorce after 36 years of marriage.
Charlotte Saalfeld is once again at Fürstenhof to attend a charity event and receive the Bavarian Order of Merit. In the end, she remains at Fürstenhof longer than expected. As a former practitioner of Saalfeld, Korbinian Niederbühl, along with his housekeeper Cosima Zastrow appear at Fürstenhof and it is revealed, that not Charlotte, but Cosima is the "real" Saalfeld, to Charlotte fights with Werner, because she writes over to Cosima their 30% of Fürstenhof shares. Charlotte was engaged for some time with Korbinian Niederbühl's son Michael. But when she realises that Michael has feelings for Tanja, the mother of his child, she separates from him.
Werner and Charlotte are now back as Fürstenhofs shareholders with 20 and 30%. Recently, they had by the acquittal of their common and Werner's arch rival ex-wife Barbara of Heidenberg suffered a defeat, especially when Barbara returns as a woman on the side of Götz Zastrow to Fürstenhof. Since her daughter Miriam died at the birth of their daughter Valentina. They are with their granddaughter and the console their very busy now widowed son Robert, which they will be closer again. The harmony between Charlotte and Werner Werner is getting better and Charlotte to one side as it is complicated by a cabal Barbara in a drug scandal.
The flagship couple Alfons and Hildegard Sonnbichler have been employees of fürstenhof for decades,she in the kitchen, and he as a very correct receptionist. Alfonso enjoys a special relationship of trust with the Saalfelds, not least because he had a relationship in teenage years with Charlotte Saalfeld and Alexander who is their son. Hildegard is involved in the local council and was a candidate for mayor. Their daughter is Marie Sonnbichler, who however left the Fürstenhof.
André Konopka is the younger brother of Werner Saalfeld and reconciled at last, after many years with him. He works as a chef for him and his brother is now with help and advice. Furthermore, he is with Alfonso board member of the newly formed council at the court. His nephew, Robert has returned after the death of his wife Miriam to the hotel and acts as a second chef in addition to André. André's son Simon has now left with his wife, Maike to South Africa and works at the estate of his father with winemaker Jasper Steenkamp.
Nils Heinemann arrives to Fürstenhof, to win back Marie Sonnbichler, in whom he has fallen in love with at their former workplace Thalheim. Since he has played badly but her, it will take some time before Marie gets involved in it. The two argue again and again, and when Marie finally learns that Nils is married, they finally separated from him.
Michael Niederbühl comes to the Fürstenhof to take over the practice of emigrants to Canada Evelyn Konopka. His father was the accomplice of Korbinian Ludwig Saalfeld, exchanged this as Charlotte and Cosima. Michael falls in love then calculated in Charlotte and plans to marry even. However, when Charlotte learns that Michael has a son named Fabien Tanya Liebertz, which is the product of a one-night stand from a forest festival, and Michael developed feelings for her, she separates from him. Michael also has a grown daughter, Debbie Williams from a previous relationship with an American.
Protagonists of previous seasons couples.
Episode 1–313: Alexander and Laura Saalfeld.
They were central figures and the odds-pair of the first season of the telenovela. Laura Mahler, dessert chef, and Alexander, eldest son of the Saalfelds and junior chef of the hotel, fall in love. Long they may not officially be together as a couple, because they think they are half-siblings, as Laura is the illegitimate daughter of Werner Saalfeld. Not until after a secret rendezvous of Laura and Alexander she becomes pregnant, breaking the silence of the insiders admitting that the two are not related because Alexander is not the biological son of Werner. Laura and Alex get married and move to Brussels, where Alexander works as a general manager post and Laura as Confiseurin. Shortly after Alexander returns to fürstenhof, to deliver divorce papers for Werner and Charlotte. A few weeks later Laura and Alexander's daughter arrives to the world: Hanna Saalfeld. While Robert is in a coma, Alexander visits the family one more time. Two years later, Laura comes to the Fürstenhof anniversary together with Robert for a visit.
Episode 314–520: Robert and Miriam Saalfeld.
The story about this couple begins at the departure of Laura and Alexander, the center of the telenovela. Robert Saalfeld,the chef and co-owner of the hotel, is the younger son of Charlotte and Werner. Miriam of Heidenberg comes with her stepmother Barbara to the hotel Fürstenhof. Robert and Miriam fall in love with each other. But they find each other only after many detours. Miriam even married her former love Felix Tarrasch along the way. But the love of Robert and Miriam is stronger and causes Miriam's marriage to fail. Miriam's hasn't obtained a proper divorce before the two are married so they have to celebrate a symbolic wedding. Then they move to Paris, where Miriam takes a job as a perfumer and Robert opened a small restaurant. A year later, Miriam comes for a few days to Fürstenhof and obtains a divorce from Felix. Robert comes to visit the Fürstenhof anniversary together with Laura. Upon his departure, he announced that Miriam was expecting a daughter in the spring. Six months later, Robert returned once more to the court, to testify in the trial of Barbara. When he travels back to Paris again, a tragedy happens, Miriam dies at birth of their daughter Valentina. Robert buried his beloved wife at the court and falls into deep mourning.
Episode 521–703: Gregor and Samia Bergmeister.
After the departure of Miriam and Robert's Samia and Gregor become the center of the telenovela. Samia came illegally to Germany to hide from her domineering father and visit Charlotte Saalfeld, whose life she once saved. Over time, Samia and Gregor fell in love, but Gregor began a love affair with Leonie Preisinger, the half-cousin of Robert Saalfeld, which was only of short duration. Everything seemed to turn for good, until Joshua Obote, Samias father was murdered and the suspect fell to Gregor. After some time Samia started a love affair with Simon Konopka. At the altar, however, she realised that her feelings for Gregor were stronger. After a romantic wedding on a boat the two start a new life in the direction of Africa.
Episode 704–914: Felix and Emma Saalfeld.
After the departure of Gregor and Samia, the center of the telenovela was the story of Felix and Emma. Emma had fallen in love with Felix, who was restaurant manager, at their first meeting. Although the two had danced with each other in Gregor and Samia's wedding, Felix, however, fell head over heels in love Emma's scheming half-sister, Rosalie. Emma hung on Felix a long time before she started a relationship with Ben Sponheim and after some time the two decided to marry. However, after Ben's birth mother Barbara Heidenberg kidnapped and locked Felix and Emma in a power plant, Emma separated from Ben. Later Felix saw through Rosalie's intrigues and left her. Just as Emma and Felix had found each other, Rosalie lied about being pregnant. But her lie was soon discovered, and shortly thereafter Emma and Felix got married. At the wedding Rosalie was going to kill Emma, but didn't go through with it, because she realised that she loved her sister. Emma and Felix began a new life together in Canada with Felix's father, Johan. Three months later a pregnant Emma and Felix came to Fürstenhof for a visit. After an investigation, it turned out that Emma was expecting twins. Another six months later, Emma delivered her two sons, Max and Moritz, to the world.
Episode 934–1117: Lukas and Sandra Zastrow.
Just before the departure of Felix and Emma it came to light that Cosima Zastrow, Korbinian Niederbühl's housekeeper had been swapped at birth because of her heart failure with Charlotte Saalfeld and was thus "real Saalfeld", her son Lukas comes to Fürstenhof. There he meets his former classmate Annika Bruckner, who was the ugly duckling that became a beautiful swan. Lukas is entranced by her. A little later, but Annika is in a car accident because of Lukas. Lukas then meets at the hospital Sandra Ostermeyer, who has heart failure and due to only live a few days. When she gets her heart transplants after Annika's death, Lukas sits by her bed and confesses his love for Annika. Sandra is deeply touched by his words. When she begins her rehabilitation at Fürstenhof, it turns out that she is the daughter of Werner Saalfeld. Some time later, Lukas and Sandra get together, but separated again after many intrigues of Lukas' mother and Rosalie Engel. Lukas even married Rosalie, but separated again from her a few days later. He returns again back to Sandra. As Cosima committed a murder attempt on Rosalie and Lukas gives a false alibi, she threatens Sandra to leave the hotel place if she does not separate from Lukas. As it turns out that Sandra is pregnant with Lukas, can Cosima on their extortion. Nevertheless, Sandra loses the child soon after. The emergence of Lukas's father Goetz also provides quite a stir: After Lukas and Sandra have been buried by an avalanche, he fakes an abduction and attempted to extort Werner and Cosima, but fails. As Cosima blackmailed by the resurgen Rosalie with the attempted murder of her, she is at the end of her strength: she suffers a fatal heart attack and asks Lukas for forgiveness with her last words. Lukas and Sandra get married and go together to the Giant Mountains to the Czech Republic, to remodel an old monastery into an eco-hotel.
Background.
The Bavaria TV Production GmbH (until 31 January 2007: Bavaria Film GmbH) produces the series since the summer of 2005 in the studios of Bavaria Film in Green Forest in Munich. Per day of shooting creates a complete sequence (Length 48 minutes, episode 111–150: 43 minutes). "Storm of Love" is produced digitally: The external rotation, the images stored directly to disk, the interior rotation is recorded on a deck. The cameras are all connected directly by cable to the cut. Since episode 447 the series in widescreen format is broadcast. Chief author of the series Peter Sweet is. ARD Degeto is responsible for editorial work, but also transfers it to the WDR and in part from the BR.
Originally as a telenovela created with 100 episodes,"stormof love"has been extended several times. Meanwhile, in 1270 episodes planned . This feature of the genre of the finiteness of a soap opera was cancelled trend. Since all the other features for the characterisation of a telenovela – and differentiation from other genres such as the soap opera – have been maintained despite the extensions, is one of love"storm"still one of the telenovelas.
Each main plot arc of the series is dubbed by a female lead and the voice over, a heritage from the original telenovela concept of an internal cohesion. This voice-over-starring roles played Henriette Richter-Röhl (episodes 1–313 from September 26, 2005 to January 31, 2007), Inez Bjørg David (episodes 319–520 from February 12 to December 18, 2007), Dominique Siassia (episodes 528–703 from January 4 to October 8, 2008), Ivanka Brekalo (episodes 704–914 from October 9, 2008 to September 14, 2009), Ute Katharina Kampowsky (episodes 915–933 from September 15 to October 9, 2009 in a transitional season), Sarah Stork (episodes 934–1117 from October 12, 2009 to August 5, 2010), Uta Kargel (episodes 1118–1391 from August 6, 2010 to October 10, 2011), Ines Lutz (episodes 1392–1600 from October 11, 2011 to September 5, 2012), Lucy Scherer (episodes 1601–1813 from September 6, 2012 to August 1, 2013) and Liza Tzschirner (episodes 1815– since August 5, 2013).
On 26 January 2010 was broadcast the episode 1000th The anniversary was telenovela script comes with a big party and fireworks to "250 years Fürstenhof implemented Following this episode was one of Sepp Schauer ("Alfons Sonnbichler") and Judith Hildebrandt ("Tanja Liebertz") moderated, 50 -minute "anniversary special storm of love – happiness and tears at the court." aired a special broadcast on ARD and ORF 2
Bias.
With each new season, a new header is assembled, which initiates the respective impacts and introduces the most important roles of the main season. Within the season of the bias is changed only slightly. Previous versions:
Page sequence 161, the actor in the title are called alphabetically.
Outdoor locations.
The exterior design for the fiction e Hotel "Fürstenhof" is a private castle in the Upper Bavarian village of Vagen. The shooting is basically for the public is not accessible.
On the site of Bavaria Film GmbH in Green Forest Geiselgasteig In addition, a villa in the Bavaria Film City (). Since March 2006, filmed for the renovated West Wing"the prince's court." For this, the facade of the Villa man was"used"in 2000 as a backdrop for the historical drama"The Manns - Novel of a Century was built." Modeled after the original gate was renovated and rebuilt. This setting is played from the inside. In difficult weather conditions during the winter months because of the proximity to the studio, shot mostly here.
Between the scenes of the soap opera landscape studies are recorded, which are adapted to the seasonal flow. The recordings are from the foothills of the Alps. Between these scenes alternate and separate the individual scenes in the plot.
In episode 1193 to 1195 have Robert Saalfeld (Lorenzo Patané), Eva Krendlinger (Uta Kargel), Hildegard Sonnbichler (Antje Hagen) and husband Alfonso (Sepp Schauer) three days in Verona, northern Italy spent. The German actor spoke in the scenes in German and their Italian colleagues Selene Gandini, Fabio Mazzari and Enrico Mutti responded in their language. In the latter post-production were synchronised.
Music.
Each pair of protagonists in "Storm of Love" has a common love song that unites them.
Director.
Always five episodes will be produced in a block of five days. On each block work two directors who is a responsible for studio shooting, the other for the parallel emerging field recording.
Audience share and audience reach.
In the first six months, the market share steadily to over 20 percent at most about 3 million viewers. The target audience of 14 – to 49-year-olds regularly reaches an audience of over 10 percent But there were episodes with much longer range.
"Regularly seek the ARD Telenovela" Sturm der Liebe "market shares of more than 25 percent of the public for three years from – the place in the top 5 of the Public Service program is the production of the Bavaria Film therefore safe."
– Quote meters
Some standard internal records 26 September 2005: Episode 1: It reached 1.04 million viewers, an audience rating of 10.3%.
3. April 2006: Episode 121: The audience rises to over 25%.
6. August 2007: Episode 432: The most successful and September 2009, following 3.03 million viewers, a market share of 32.0%.
1. February 2008: Episode 544: 3.21 million viewers with an audience share of 25.1%, 11.5% of the young target group
14. September 2009: Episode 914: The most successful result with 3.28 million viewers, a market share of 27.9%
26. January 2010: 1000 Episode: The anniversary saw 3.13 million viewers, which is a market share of 24.1%. The special storm of love – happiness and tears at the court saw 2.2 million viewers, market share 15.2%. 
The best value in its third season was 29.7 percent market share. 3.44 million viewers, the range record set in season two there were only 3.95 million viewers, the peak labelled .
Repetition and transmission blocks.
The episodes are broadcast on a fixed channel position of the ARD. All third party programs repeat the series in the morning program on the following day. In addition, there is a repeat in the night. As part of the internet in the last episodes of ARD library will be available. For the curious, there are on the web site of the ARD a synopsis and a cast list for four weeks in advance. The hr-TV, the first episodes of the telenovela was repeated. But decided the third programs (according to own data) to repeat only new episodes, since storm of love alone is a trademark of ARD.
ORF has bought the serial rights and repeated the following morning on each ORF2.
Pocket folders.
In January 2007, published monthly in the pocket guide series Publisher Cora storm of love. Here are written by Johanna Theden of the scripts be rejected novels. As the title pictures stills from the TV series are used.
As of July 2006 saw the storm of love – photo story. The first volume came as a photo book, the romantic love story of Laura and Alexander to be reprinted. The second edition was issued in August 2008, and showed the stars of the series in exciting scenes. Are complemented by background information on the novels series. The series is published once a year. The author remains anonymous.

</doc>
<doc id="30961326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961326" title="Llobregat (disambiguation)">
Llobregat (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="30961352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961352" title="Winkworth plc">
Winkworth plc

Winkworth plc is an international estate agent listed on the London Stock Exchange. It was founded by Henry Winkworth in 1835. The company operates from a network of over 80 offices in the United Kingdom and has associates in France, Portugal, Italy and Switzerland. They have 58 offices in London, making it the single largest estate agency brand in Greater London. Winkworth expanded its operations into Berkshire with the opening of its 89th office in Newbury in January 2011.
History.
Winkworth was founded in 1835 by Henry Winkworth. The original Head Office was located in Curzon Street, Mayfair—with a country office in Brighton. Originally, the main business involved selling residential property to an exclusive client list and letting houses in Mayfair to the landed gentry for "the season".
In 1981 Winkworth became a franchise estate agency—the first in the UK. Winkworth were also the first estate agents to have multiple London offices. The company celebrated its 175th Anniversary in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30961359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961359" title="Time for Outrage!">
Time for Outrage!

Time for Outrage! is the English translation of the bestselling tract Indignez-vous ! by the French diplomat, member of the French Resistance and concentration camp survivor Stéphane Hessel. Published in France in 2010, it has sold nearly 1.5 million copies in France and has been translated into numerous other languages.
Content.
The 93-year old author starts with a brief reference to his participation in the French Resistance at the end of the Second World War, pointing out that outrage was at its roots. He then outlines two somewhat contradictory views of history that have both influenced him, that of the French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre, who was his teacher at the Ecole normale superieure in Paris and that of the German writer Walter Benjamin, who was a colleague and a close friend of his father, Franz Hessel. The author asserts that indifference is the worst of attitudes. He speaks of his experience among the drafters of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and exhorts young people to look around for topics of indignation. He then presents his own principal indignation at present, the strife in Palestine, the Gaza strip and the West Bank. He ends the tract by calling for non-violent action and for a peaceful uprising against the powers of finance capitalism.
“Ninety-three years old. The last leg of my journey. The end is in sight. I am lucky to be able to seize the time I have left to reflect on my lifelong commitment to politics: the Resistance and the program designed sixty-six years ago by the National Council of the Resistance.”
These are the opening lines from “A Time for Outrage!” (“Indignez-vous !”), a 35-page book written by Stephane Hessel in 2010 which sold 3 million copies in 30 languages and inspired protests like “Occupy” in the United States and The Indignados in Spain.
Reception.
In France, published by a small publisher in Montpellier, the 32-page booklet sold almost a million copies within the first ten weeks. It was a Christmas best-seller. It has been criticized for being poorly written and too short, but even critics have acknowledged the booklet has tapped into popular anger. In the beginning of January 2011, “Indignez-vous!” was at the headlines of German newspapers, even if the book was not translated at this calendar date into German and only available in French.
It has been translated into English, German, Spanish, Italian, Basque, Finnish, Catalan, Dutch, Portuguese, Turkish, Romanian, Slovenian, Greek, Hebrew, and Korean. More translations are planned in Japanese, Swedish, Chinese and other languages.
Influence.
In 2011, one of the names given to the 2011 Spanish protests against corruption and bipartisan politics was "Los Indignados" ("The Outraged"), taken from the title of the book's translation there ("¡Indignaos!"). The Spanish protests later inspired other protests all around the world, including Greece, Israel and Occupy Wall Street in the United States and the "Manifiesto de los Indignados de la Cruz del Sur", written by philosopher Eduardo Sanguinetti, released in Montevideo in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30961370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961370" title="Edmund Hoefer">
Edmund Hoefer

Edmund Hoefer (15 October 1819 Greifswald – 22 May 1882 Cannstatt) was a leading German novelist of the second half of the 19th century and a noted literary historian.
Biography.
After graduating from a gymnasium in 1839, he studied philology and history at the universities of Greifswald, Heidelberg and Berlin. He began to write fiction early in life, his first stories appearing in collected form under the title "From the People" ("Aus dem Volk"; Stuttgart, 1852), and proving very popular. They were followed by "Out of the Old Time and the New" ("Aus alter und neuer Zeit"; Stuttgart, 1854), "As the People Speak" ("Wie das Volk spricht"; 1855), "Skizzenbuch aus Norddeutschland, Schwanwiek" (1856), "Bewegtes Leben" (1856) and "Days that Are No More" ("Vergangene Tag"; Prague, 1859). "Wie das Volk spricht" was a collection of old proverbial sayings which Hoefer revised and expanded over the years, and an edition appeared in 1876. "German Hearts" ("Deutsche Herzen"; Prague, 1860) was widely read. Of his longer works, the most notable were "Norien. Erinnerungen einer alten Frau" (Stuttgart, 1858, 2 vols.), "Der große Baron" (1861, 2 vols.), "Unter der Fremdherrschaft" (1863, 3 vols.), "Tolleneck" (1864, 3 vols.), "Altermann Ryke" (1864, 4 vols.) and his Low German story "Pap Kuhn" (1878).

</doc>
<doc id="30961388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961388" title="Acropora rongelapensis">
Acropora rongelapensis

Acropora rongelapensis is a species of branching scleractinian coral. It is only known from the lagoon of Rongelap Atoll in the Marshall Islands, Pacific Ocean.
This coral forms colonies up to 20 cm across with main branches up to 10 cm long. It is pale brown in colour but appears white in strong light due to the dense skeleton. The main distinguishing feature from its congeners is the laterally flattened branches. It occurs at depths of 28-32 m.

</doc>
<doc id="30961436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961436" title="Edmon Ryan">
Edmon Ryan

Edmon Ryan (1905–1984) was an American television and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="30961461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961461" title="2011 Seychelles First Division">
2011 Seychelles First Division

The 2011 Seychelles First Division (also known as the 2011 Barclays First Division) is the highest competitive football league in the Seychelles, which was founded in 1979. It began on 24 February 2011.
St Michel United FC retained the title, their 10th championship win in 16 years. The Lions were relegated.
Team Information.
Due to the increase of teams from 8 to 10, Northern Dynamo who finished in 7th place in 2010 did not play a relegation playoff game, instead they stayed in the First Division. However the 8th placed team St Roch United had a playoff game against Second Division side St John Bosco. The game ended 4 - 2 in favour of St Roch after extra time, therefore St Roch stayed in the First Division. Second Division winners and runners-up Côte d’Or and The Lions respectively, were promoted. Having received sponsorship from Sligo Rovers F.C. in June 2011 many of the teams in Seychelles have benefited from the advent of modern sports grounds which allow the players access to modern facilities such as showers and pitches. 
President’s Cup.
Prior to the 2011 Seychelles First Division, the President's Cup was played between the 2010 league winners, St Michel United and the 2010 Land Marine Cup winners St Louis Suns United.

</doc>
<doc id="30961486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961486" title="Stephen Shank">
Stephen Shank

Stephen Shank is a director, actor, writer, set designer and artist who has worked in theatre and television. He was born of American parents in Brussels, Belgium. He is bilingual in English and French. 
He currently lives in Brussels, Belgium.
In July 2011, he will be directing the stage world premiere of Umberto Eco's "The Name of the Rose" in the ruins of the Cistercian Abbey of Villers-la-Ville, Belgium. See Villers Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="30961487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961487" title="Hugh Latimer (disambiguation)">
Hugh Latimer (disambiguation)

Hugh Latimer was a martyr.
Hugh Latimer is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30961500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961500" title="Indianapolis Enforcers">
Indianapolis Enforcers

The Indianapolis Enforcers were a professional indoor football team based in Indianapolis, Indiana. The team was a member of the Continental Indoor Football League. The Enforcers joined the CIFL in 2011 as an expansion team. The Enforcers were the second indoor football team to be based in Indianapolis, the first being the Arena Football League members, the Indiana Firebirds from 2001 to 2004. The Owner of the Enforcers was K.C. Carter. The Enforcers played their home games at The SportZone in Indianapolis, Indiana after playing the 2011 season as a travel team.
Franchise history.
Play begins: 2011.
The Enforcers came into existence when K.C. Carter, the owner of the Mid-States Football League's Indianapolis Stampede, put together an expansion franchise to compete in the CIFL. Having been involved with football, be it as a player, owner, head coach or league commissioner for over 35 years, Carter wanted to take on the challenge of the indoor football game. He put his team together in just 32 days, acquiring players with the understanding that there would be no pay this year. He did not want to be a team that promised the world and delivered nothing. This team was assembled by invitation only. He found his talent in his semi-pro team, The Stampede, and team USA. He also grabbed a few plays from Central State University, and a few players from the defunct Fort Wayne FireHawks.
Because they joined the CIFL so late, they had no lease to play games in a home arena. This caused the Enforcers to play on the road in 2011, with the hopes of finding a permanent home in 2012. Carter had aspirations that Conseco Field House or the Pepsi Coliseum would be the home for the Enforcers in 2012. On February 26, 2011, the Enforcers lost their first game in franchise history by a score of 69-12 to the Port Huron Predators. On March 19, 2011, the Enforcers gave up a Cincinnati Commandos record 8 touchdown passes to Tyler Sheehan. On April 2, 2011, the Enforcers again became a part of CIFL history, as they gave up a record, 8 rushing touchdowns in a single game, en route to a 78-0 defeat to the Marion Blue Racers. The Enforcers lone victory in its expansion season was a 2-0 forfeit win over the Predators as they failed to finish the season. They finished the season 1-9 and 6th overall.
2012.
For the 2012 season, the Enforcers will play their home games at The SportZone in Indianapolis, Indiana after playing the 2011 season as a travel team. The team removed defensive coordinator Tiny Lee, and replaced him with Brian Hendricks, who will also serve as the wide receivers coach. The team also announced the signing of CIFL veteran quarterback, Ron Ricciardi to help lead the offense. Ricciardi brought instant stability to the offense throwing 5 touchdowns in his first game coming off the bench. Those 5 touchdowns were more than any Enforcers quarterback had thrown all season in 2011. On March 31, 2012 the Enforcers hosted their first ever home game, and defeated the Chicago Vipers 40-34 for their first ever franchise victory in a played game. After defeating Chicago, Ricciardi sustained a season-ending injury. The Enforcers would struggle to score the rest of the season, and did not win another game. They finished with a 1-9 record, which placed the team in 5th place out of six teams.
Logos and uniforms.
The team's logo was introduced in January 2011 when the team announced that they would be playing in 2011. Their logo features a bulldog in a police uniform, with a patch symbolizing the rank of a sergeant, holding a football in a single arm above a line reading "Enforcers" with "Indianapolis" below that on a ribbon. On February 26, 2011 the Enforcers played their first game. This was the first time anyone outside of the organization was introduced to their uniforms. The team's primary uniform colors are royal blue and white. The Enforcers' helmet is white with the Bulldog holding a football with a single arm on both ends. The team wore blue pants and white jerseys for the entire 2011 season. For the 2012 season the team introduced white pants with a blue stripe on the sides, as well as a blue home jersey.
Players of note.
Awards and honors.
The following is a list of all Indianapolis Enforcers players who have been named to the CIFL Player of the Week on either Offense, Defense or Special Teams.
Coaches of note.
Head Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the 2012 CIFL season."
Statistics and records.
Season-by-season results.
"Note: The Finish, Wins, Losses, and Ties columns list regular season results and exclude any postseason play."

</doc>
<doc id="30961506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961506" title="Mary Alicia Owen">
Mary Alicia Owen

Mary Alicia Owen (1850?–1935) was a folklore collector of Missouri who compiled several works of local legend and voodoo.
She was born in a family of Saint Joseph, Missouri and lived with her two sisters, Luella and Juliette, both of whom were noted authors. She became inspired to record the disappearing folk tales after reading "Algonquin Legends of New England", beginning a correspondence with Charles Godfrey Leland. Her earliest publication was "Old Rabbit the Voodoo, and other Sorcerers", printed with an introduction by Leland, which was favourably reviewed in the English journal "Folk-Lore"; the reviewer, E. S. Hartland, dismisses Leland's request for consideration as a first work and says of it, "rom the first page to the last there is not a dull page...". Her researches and fieldwork had already been reported in a paper she read before the 1891 "Second International Folk-Congress" in London, which was printed in the "Transactions" of the conference as "Among the Voodoos".
Her principal work was "Voodoo tales as told among the Negroes of the southwest,"
Owen gave long service to The Missouri Folklore Society, serving as its President until the year of her death.
Owen also published articles in "Century Magazine" and "Overland Monthly", writing as Julia Scott, and contributed reviews and journalism to other periodicals.

</doc>
<doc id="30961519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961519" title="First Majestic Silver">
First Majestic Silver

First Majestic Silver Corp. is a Canadian silver mining company that operates in Mexico. The Company has five producing mines under its control; the La Encantada Silver Mine, the La Parrilla Silver Mine, the San Martin Silver Mine, the La Guitarra Silver Mine (acquired in July 2012) and the recently inaugurated Del Toro Silver Mine. First Majestic also produces and sells its own bullion rounds and bars (others like Pan American Silver Corp. produce and market bullion through private mints).
According to the Company, production from its five mines is anticipated to be between 12.3 to 13.0 million ounces of silver equivalents or 11.1 to 11.7 million ounces of pure silver in 2013.
History.
First Majestic was founded in 2002 by president and CEO Keith Neumeyer.
In June 2006 First Majestic acquired First Silver Reserve Inc (initially just a controlling stake and within three months it purchased all remaining interest), owner of the San Martin silver property in central Mexico. Then in September 2006 it took control of Desmin, the owner/operator of La Encantada (Coahuila, Mexico) in a US$4.75 million deal (ownership of the mine was purchased through Desmin from Industrias Penoles for US$3.25 million). At the time La Encantada produced 800,000 ounces per year operating at 40% of capacity; the mine was First Majestic's third.
According to the stock chart on its website and the company's profile on the TSX Venture Exchange website, it is listed since 2002 (but the oldest part of the company goes back as far as 1984 (Brandy Resources Inc).
On March 5, 2009 it graduated to the Toronto Stock Exchange with an initial offering of Cdn$25 million. About a year and a half later it joined the New York Stock Exchange (Dec.23, 2010).
In 2009 First Majestic added a fourth silver project when it acquired Normabec Mining Resources Ltd (completed in September). Initially the deal was thought to have included both Mexico's Real de Catorce mine and Quebec's Pitt Gold Property however non Mexican assets (including Pitt Gold) were spun off into a new company called Bionor Resources Inc.
Projects.
There are five in total:

</doc>
<doc id="30961526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961526" title="Kazakhstan women's national water polo team">
Kazakhstan women's national water polo team

The Kazakhstan women's national water polo team is the representative for Kazakhstan in international women's water polo.

</doc>
<doc id="30961531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961531" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Angola by name">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Angola by name

The Roman Catholic Church in Angola is composed of five ecclesiastical provinces and 14 suffragan dioceses.

</doc>
<doc id="30961553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961553" title="Robert L. Fish">
Robert L. Fish

Robert Lloyd Fish (21 August 1912 – 23 February 1981) was an American writer of crime fiction. His first novel, "The Fugitive", gained him the Mystery Writers of America's Edgar Allan Poe Award for best first novel in 1962, and his short story "Moonlight Gardener" was awarded the Edgar for best short story in 1972. His 1963 novel "Mute Witness", written under the pseudonym Robert L. Pike, was filmed in 1968 as "Bullitt", starring Steve McQueen.
Career.
Fish was born in Cleveland, Ohio, and studied engineering at Case School of Applied Science, where he graduated in 1933. Thereafter, he had a successful career in engineering management and consultancy, working in several countries that he later used as settings for his stories.
In 1960, while working in Rio de Janeiro, where he had lived for the previous decade, Fish submitted his first short story to "Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine". He subsequently wrote over 30 novels and numerous short stories.
In 1963, Fish completed the Jack London-novel "The Assassination Bureau, Ltd" based on the unfinished manuscript with additional notes by London and an ending outline done by London's wife Charmian shortly before her death in 1955.
Robert Fish died in February 1981 at his home in Trumbull, Connecticut.
Awards.
Two other short stories, "Double Entry" ("EQMM", January 1969) and "Hijack" ("Playboy", August 1972), were nominated for Edgars in the "best short story" category, but did not win the award.
Legacy.
The Robert L. Fish Memorial Award, sponsored by the author's estate, has been awarded annually since 1984 by the Mystery Writers of America for the best first short story by an American author.

</doc>
<doc id="30961557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961557" title="Hell's Cargo">
Hell's Cargo

"Hell's Cargo" is a 1939 British adventure film directed by Harold Huth and starring Walter Rilla, Kim Peacock and Robert Newton.

</doc>
<doc id="30961559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961559" title="National Uniform Billing Committee">
National Uniform Billing Committee

The National Uniform Billing Committee (NUBC) is the governing body for forms and codes use in medical claims billing in the United States for institutional providers like hospitals, nursing homes, hospice, home health agencies, and other providers. The NUBC was formed by the American Hospital Association (AHA) in 1975. All the major national provider and payer organizations participate in discussions and decisions on policy and guidelines.
In 1982 after much work and debate the UB-82 emerged as the endorsed national uniform bill. After an 8 year moratorium on change, the UB-82 was replaced by UB-92, and became the standard for billing paper institutional medical claims in the United States, until creation of the UB-04. With the onset of HIPAA and the transition to electronic claims submission for reimbursement, NUBC has become the steward of the related data specifications for medical claims coding on electronic institutional claims.

</doc>
<doc id="30961567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961567" title="1956 Buddy Shuman 250">
1956 Buddy Shuman 250

The 1956 Buddy Shuman 250 was a NASCAR Grand National Series racing event that took place on November 11, 1956 at Hickory Speedway in Hickory, North Carolina, USA.
Ralph Earnhardt would make his NASCAR Cup Series debut here; being the first member of the Earnhardt family to enter the organization. 250 laps took place on a dirt track that spanned per lap; for a grand total of . The race took one hour and thirty minutes to successfully conclude with Speedy Thompson defeating Earnhardt by four seconds in front of 3500 live spectators. The average speed of the race would be while the pole position winner would dial in at a speed of . All 22 racers on the starting grid were American-born males.
Other notable racers of the era like Tiny Lund, Lee Petty, and Buck Baker would make an appearance during this race. Billy Carden would be credited for making the race's last-place finish with a clutch problem on lap 9. DePaolo Engineering would sponsor four of the drivers in the race (Earnhardt, Ralph Moody, Bill Amick, and Carden). The combined prize purse for this race was $4,285; with the winner (Speedy Thompson) taking home $850 ($ in today's money) while Pete Yow would be the 20th place finisher bringing home a meager $50 ($ in today's money). Blackie Pitt and Billy Carden both failed to make a paycheck during this race; causing them to lose money for their hard efforts.
Finishing order.
"† signifies that the driver is known to be deceased" <br>
"* Driver failed to finish race"

</doc>
<doc id="30961570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961570" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Viana">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Viana

There are two dioceses named Viana:

</doc>
<doc id="30961594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961594" title="Maude Cary">
Maude Cary

Maude Cary (1878–1967) was a Christian American missionary to North Africa, specifically Morocco. She was raised knowing she would one day be a missionary because her parents often housed missionaries as they were passing through. Her parents understood the work they were doing as very important and passed this belief onto their daughter. As soon as she was eighteen, Maude signed herself up for an American missionary training school, Avant Ministries (GMU). After completing this schooling and doing some missions work within American inner cities, Maude was accepted to travel with the GMU to serve alongside a few struggling Christian missionaries in Morocco. For the next fifty years of her life Maude Cary would minister to the rich and poor Muslims within Morocco attempting to bring them the Gospel message her school and parents had taught her. A difficult start made Maude question her efffectivness in Morocco but she trusted that there would eventually be conversions from Islam to Christianity and stayed until she was too ill to serve. Becoming very ill she flew back to America for treatment and as soon as possible returned to continue her life living among the Muslims. Through the difficult start and her illness, Maude Cary became a Christian leader within Morocco for the Gospel Mission Union in charge of translation and Bible schools. She eventually became too sick to continue and returned to the United States. Her hard work in Morocco may not have produced many conversions during her stay there, but there were a few conversions which were seen as a success, and continued the Christian influence within the country long after her life. After fifty years of service Maude returned to the United States because of her illness, and died in 1967.
Family.
Maude Cary began her life on a Kansas farm in 1878. She was born within a Judeo-Christian family to Jedediah and Sarah Cary who saw an importance in the Christian mission movement. Jedediah, is described as a “gentle, quiet man.” He did not have the best of luck as he lost most of the family's money and for the rest of his life raised his family on a poor farm in Kansas. Sarah Cary was said to be “an independent woman, was a talented musician... and an outstanding Bible teacher.” Maude’s passion for the Christian mission movement was gained through the many traveling missionaries that visited their farm and stayed for a few days. “At age of eighteen she enrolled at the GMU Bible Institute in Kansas City, Missouri, to be trained for a ministry in overseas missions.” Maude Cary remained single for her entire life. She was engaged to a missionary in Morocco, George Reed, although he had second thoughts and unofficially called off the engagement by moving to minister to a different tribe and never spoke to Maude again. She did desire to be married but is said to have finally, "accepted her fate of being an 'old maid missionary.'" 
Training.
While Maude Cary worked through her training at GMU Bible Institute she practiced what was being taught. She was quick to devote herself to practical learning experiences within America. She, along with others, would get up quite early, often missing meals, to spend time in prayer before God for the people around the world that had not heard the Gospel message. They also wanted to ensure that there was nothing between them and God that would hinder the spreading of the message they believed needed to be told around the world . Anticipating her time to leave America and be a Christian missionary abroad she studied different languages and was said to have been a “natural linguist.” Because Gospel Missionary Union was training teams to go to Morocco, “in addition to her language study in Arabic, she was studying the language of the Berbers, an ancient tribe that inhabited the area long before the Arabs moved across North Africa.” Maude devoted much of her time to studies knowing that one day she would travel to Morocco and anticipated never returning to America. She was ready to take this step with the message her God had given her whenever an organization would accept her.
First Missions Activities.
Before Maude was sent as a missionary to Northern Africa her school instructed her to help the less fortunate within the United States of America. Being sent first to Leavenworth, Kansas, Maude along with several other girls “held weekly Bible classes, visited homes and hospitals and conducted young people’s missionary meetings.” Although they were met with opposition they continued ministering until being sent to Hastings, Nebraska. Once again they were received with opposition and yet Maude did not become discouraged knowing that she was learning and would soon be headed to Africa. “Early in the fall of 1901 another party was organized to join the missionary team struggling to gain a foothold in Morocco. Among the group was a quiet, pleasant girl named Maude Cary.” Maude Cary believed she was ready. She had been waiting for this news ever since leaving home at age eighteen. Her mom, Sarah Cary, was overjoyed upon the arrival of the news. Her daughter was finally headed to Africa to be a missionary and preach this Gospel that her parents had instilled within her. Maude’s father took the news much harder but trusted in the Lord to protect his daughter as she traveled.
Missions in Morocco.
Missionary activities in Morocco proved to be harder than they were in the United States, and the opposition did not disappear as Maude had hoped. There was a group of single women who could fully devote themselves to the mission and yet this quality "that made them... supremely capable for missionary service viewed with suspicion by their weaker sisters and [was threatening to their male colleagues." Within her team there was competition amongst the females and the males to gain the better scores on language tests. “The fact that she outscored a male counterpart in language study, combined with her tendency toward gaiety, friendliness, and laughter and pride of dress, led to an internal mission board decision that she should return home.” Maude was crushed with this news and yet would not give up either. Finally convincing the GMU's board she should stay, Maude desired to settle in and not let anything or anyone make her leave Morocco. This was the place she believed God had called her to live and serve as a missionary.
Not only did Maude face attack from within the organization but from the locals as well as Maude was teaching a different belief system than the one they held to. As Maude would share her Gospel message with them, the locals would threaten to take her life. Maude was asking these Muslims to change their whole belief system and this was worthy of death. At one point the political situation created such a dangerous environment that Maude and the other missionaries with her were forced to move to the coast away from the few Muslims that had befriended them. For many years Maude was faithful and witnessed with her Christian gospel to the Muslims around her without seeing any converts to Christianity. She felt very much like a failure as she did not always act as the missions organization asked her to and at times believed that “the mission would have been better off without her.” But she continued to serve faithfully. She had moved to Africa for life and would continue to minister when she was given the opportunity. It was not until she had served for twenty-three years that Maude Cary returned to the United States on furlough. This break in the United States was a good time of reflection for Cary as she looked back over her many years of service. The outcome looked bleak as there was no Christian church founded and Islam was still the primary belief system within the whole of Morocco. But Maude Cary was convinced that it was worth the hard work and that one day the dominance that Islam had would be broken and would stand alongside Christianity. Because of this belief, she returned to Morocco continually praying for more missionaries to join her.
World War II began while Maude Cary was in Morocco and “all the missionaries were evacuated expect for herself and three other single women. She was placed in charge of the work.” The situation was difficult as the men left the country to fight in the war, but Maude and the three other single women continued in their prayers for helpers while preaching to the Moroccans and taking on the ministry of the men. “Faithfully Maude witnessed for Christ to rich and poor, whether they listened eagerly or not... she worked extra hours translating and correcting hymns in the language of the common people.” Although the boarders were closed during the war none of the previous mission work went to waste. Maude Cary and the three other women saw a glimpse of hope when seven missionaries applied for visas in April 1945. When the war ended and the boarders were opened again more missionaries came and the four single women saw their prayers answered. Maude “conducted language school and helped new recruits become situated.” Although her beginning was in frustration and pain she was now teaching others and creating a Christian impact within Morocco. There were signs of hope for the Christian missionaries during these times as well as Lejb Feldman and Mehdi Ksara converted from Islam to Christianity after hearing the Gospel presented by Maude. Both men were shunned in their towns as they rejected Islam and yet found confidence in their faith through Maude’s teaching.
In “1951 a Bible institute was organized to train young Moroccan men,” and that same year Miss. Cary became very ill and once again had to fly back to America, but this time for treatment. Determined, Maude could not give up on the influence she had created within Morocco and one year later, at age seventy-four, flew back to Morocco. “For three years she continued her ministry, but due to recurring health problems the mission began arranging for her retirement” and she departed in 1955.
Morocco.
When Maude Cary first arrived in Morocco the country was in unrest. Although it is a North African country, in religion and race it has a Middle Eastern climate. It is now an Arab state and “is the western-most country in North Africa. Morocco’s population is the second largest.” Some Moroccans do not know if they should think of themselves as African or Arab as both appear to be important within their country. The poverty that has plagued the country has not aided in this situation only causing the people to follow or do whatever it takes to stay alive. During Maude Cary’s stay in Morocco, conversions from Islam to Christianity were very few and yet “the era for freely and openly proclaiming the gospel in Morocco lasted twelve very fruitful years. It began with a marked rise in interest the year miss Cary retired, and it ended the year she died!" 
Gospel Mission Union.
Gospel Missionary Union (GMU), now known as Avant Ministries, began as a movement of Christian missionaries from America traveling to North Africa and South America preaching the Christian Gospel. "The World’s Gospel Union (Gospel Missionary Union) emerged from a Bible study held for members of a Kansas Young Men’s Christian Association in June 1889. Upon hearing of the Sudan and its estimated 90 million souls without an evangelist, several people offered themselves as missionaries." Because this mission organization began close to Maude's home, and her parents were welcoming to missionaries, it would have been an obvious choice for her to attend the school they had started and then to later travel with them to Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="30961602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961602" title="Sexy (Glee)">
Sexy (Glee)

"Sexy" is the fifteenth episode of the second season of the American musical comedy-drama television series "Glee", and the 37th episode overall. It was written by Brad Falchuk, directed by Ryan Murphy, and first aired on the Fox network on March 8, 2011. The episode mainly revolves around the topics of sex and adolescent sexuality. In it, Holly Holliday (Gwyneth Paltrow) returns to McKinley High School as a substitute teacher in a class devoted to sex education. Glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) begins to develop feelings for Holly, and guidance counselor and celibacy club advisor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays) is less than pleased with Holly's lessons. Santana (Naya Rivera) expresses her love for Brittany (Heather Morris), and Burt Hummel (Mike O'Malley) has a talk with his son Kurt (Chris Colfer) about sex.
"Sexy" received generally positive reviews. Many critics praised Paltrow's performance, preferring it to her first appearance in "The Substitute", though they disagreed over how Paltrow was used. The storylines were well received, particularly the one involving Brittany and Santana: Todd VanDerWerff of "The A.V. Club" and Patrick Burns of "The Atlantic" deemed it the highlight of the episode. The scene featuring Burt having "the talk" with Kurt was also singled out for praise. This episode featured cover versions of five songs, including "Kiss" by Prince and "Landslide" by Fleetwood Mac. The latter song was very well received, though the musical performances and cover versions in the episode were mostly given a mixed reception by reviewers.
Upon its original airing, this episode was viewed by 11.92 million American viewers, and garnered a 4.6/14 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic. The episode's total viewership and ratings increased significantly from the previous episode, "Blame It on the Alcohol".
Plot.
Substitute teacher Holly Holliday (Gwyneth Paltrow) returns to McKinley High to cover sex education classes, and tells Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison), director of the school glee club New Directions, that his club members are among the most ignorant about sex. He asks her to educate them using song, so Holly performs "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)". Will later rehearses a rendition of "Kiss" with her, which culminates in a kiss, but Holly will not go further as she believes she would end up hurting him.
Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch), director of rival glee club Aural Intensity, seeks out former New Directions member and current Dalton Academy Warbler Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer) to tell him and his friend Blaine (Darren Criss), the Warblers' lead singer, that New Directions is planning a sexually provocative routine for the upcoming Regionals competition, having heard that the judges will be looking for same. Blaine responds by having the Warblers work up a "sexified" performance of "Animal", with Kurt joining him on lead, but Kurt's "sexy" faces and moves are anything but. Kurt insists on remaining ignorant of sexual matters, which Blaine feels is dangerous at their age, so he visits Kurt's father, Burt (Mike O'Malley), and prompts him to give Kurt "the talk" about sex.
At McKinley, glee club members Puck (Mark Salling) and Lauren (Ashley Fink) plan to make a sex tape, until Holly informs them that it would be considered child pornography. Puck, appalled, joins the celibacy club. The club's advisor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays) thinks Holly's lessons are inappropriate, so she arranges for the club to perform a wholesome song for New Directions. She picks "Afternoon Delight", unaware that the song is about sex. Her husband Carl (John Stamos) approaches Holly afterward about counseling. During the counseling session, he reveals that Emma is still a virgin, and Emma admits that she may still have feelings for Will. Carl tells her he will be moving into a hotel until she is certain of her feelings.
Holly also counsels glee club members Santana (Naya Rivera) and Brittany (Heather Morris) when they express confusion about their sexuality. She joins them for a performance of "Landslide", after which Santana tearfully confesses to Brittany that she is in love with her and wants to be with her, but she is afraid of being bullied and ostracized for being in a same-sex relationship. Brittany reciprocates her love, but explains that she also loves her boyfriend Artie (Kevin McHale) and will not break up with him, to Santana's distress.
Lauren is annoyed with Puck for joining the celibacy club, but when he explains that he is trying to take responsibility for his actions, she kisses him and agrees to join too. Quinn (Dianna Agron) and Finn (Cory Monteith) are secretly back together. Holly's stint as a sex education instructor ends when parents complain about her classes. She tells Will that she wants to learn about romance; he offers to teach her, and they kiss.
Production.
"Sexy" marked Paltrow's second guest appearance on "Glee" as substitute teacher Holly Holliday. She first appeared earlier in the second season, in the seventh episode, "The Substitute". The role was devised for her by series co-creator Ryan Murphy, who suggested that she showcase her vocal and dancing talent ahead of the release of the film "Country Strong", in which Paltrow plays a country singer. Paltrow was signed to "Glee" for two episodes, with "The Substitute" originally intended to feature a love quadrangle between Holly, Will, Emma and Carl. Her initial arc was, however, reduced to a single episode. Post-broadcast, Murphy said they both hoped she would appear on "Glee" again in the future, depending on the right storyline. In January 2011, Paltrow confirmed that she would be reprising the role. Murphy stated that she would appear in episodes fifteen and sixteen as a sex education teacher, and would serve as a love interest for Will, though she actually appeared in episodes fifteen and seventeen. Stamos also reprised his role as Emma's husband Carl. As of March 2011, he was unsure whether he would return to "Glee" again, but stated that he might do so to conclude Emma and Carl's storyline, explaining: "I think people like me on there, but they really love Will and Emma together. So I don't know how much longer people can stand Will and Emma not being together."
The episode continued the romantic relationship between Brittany and Santana, first alluded to during the first season. The two kissed on-screen for the first time in the season two episode "Duets", after which their romance was little explored, leading to what Rivera described as an "uproar" by fans of the pairing in December 2010. The following month, executive producer Brad Falchuk revealed via the social networking website Twitter that further developments to the storyline had always been intended, with Paltrow's Holly serving as a catalyst. 
In addition to Paltrow reprising her role as Holly Holliday, recurring characters who appear on the episode include Stamos as dentist Carl Howell, glee club members Lauren Zizes (Fink), Sam Evans (Chord Overstreet) and Mike Chang (Harry Shum, Jr.), football coach Shannon Beiste (Dot-Marie Jones) and Kurt's friend Blaine Anderson (Criss).
"Sexy" features cover versions of five songs, all of which were released as singles, available for download: "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)" by Gary Glitter as recorded by Joan Jett, "Animal" by Neon Trees, "Kiss" by Prince, an acoustic version of "Landslide" by Fleetwood Mac, and "Afternoon Delight" by the Starland Vocal Band. Paltrow performs on "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)", "Kiss" and "Landslide", all of which feature on the series' sixth soundtrack album, '. In the United Kingdom, "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)" was omitted from "Glee: The Music, Volume 5", and "Afternoon Delight", which features Stamos and Salling, was included instead. A cover of Rod Stewart's "Da Ya Think I'm Sexy?" sung by the Warblers was planned to be featured in the episode but did not appear; "Animal" was the Warblers number performed. Both tracks appear on the seventh soundtrack album, '. Neon Trees bassist Branden Campbell recounted how Criss approached the band at the 2011 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival to thank them for allowing "Animal" to be used, as Criss was the one who brought the song to Murphy's attention. Stevie Nicks of Fleetwood Mac, who wrote and originated "Landslide", visited the "Glee" set on the day the song was filmed.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Sexy" was first broadcast on March 8, 2011 in the United States on Fox. It was watched by 11.92 million American viewers upon its initial airing, according to the Nielsen ratings. The episode attained a 4.6/14 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic, and was the highest rated show of the night. The episode's total viewership and ratings/share increased significantly from the previous episode, "Blame It on the Alcohol", which received over 10.58 million viewers and garnered a 4.4/12 rating/share in the 18–49 demographic during its original airing two weeks earlier. Its Canadian broadcast was also on March 8, 2011, and "Sexy" received 1.81 million viewers and placed eleventh in the weekly program rankings. This was not quite as good an audience as for "Blame It on the Alcohol", which aired two weeks earlier and was watched by 1.89 million viewers, though it was an improvement on the show's weekly ranking from fourteenth place.
In Australia, "Sexy" was watched by 1.03 million viewers on March 14, 2011, which made "Glee" the eighth most-watched show of the night. This was a slight increase over the 1.02&million viewers who had watched "Blame It on the Alcohol" the week before, though it had been the sixth most-watched show that night. In the United Kingdom, the episode was broadcast on April 18, 2011, and watched by 2.58 million viewers (2.039 million on E4, and 541,000 on E4+1); it was the most-watched show on cable for the week. Viewership was up slightly from "Blame It on the Alcohol" the previous week, which had totaled 2.53 million viewers.
Critical reception.
The episode received a positive response from reviewers. They disagreed over how well Paltrow was used, but generally praised the Brittany–Santana and Kurt–Burt storylines. "The Atlantic" Kevin Fallon deemed "Sexy" an episode of mixed messages, one which treated the issues it raised with "an appropriate amount of levity", but failed to "play the nuances of the vs. sex argument as delicately as it probably thought it did." His "Atlantic" co-writer Patrick Burns criticized the series for glorifying a risqué subject, "then half-heartedly attemptto hammer home a moral." Meghan Brown, also writing for "The Atlantic", called it a "solid episode with some strong character moments." "Time" James Poniewozik felt that the episode "began clumsily, lacked subtlety, involved some embarrassing moments" and focused too much on Paltrow, but as it continued, "achieve[d a few moments of delight and honest emotion". Anthony Benigno of "The Faster Times" described it as "incredibly comprehensive and enjoyable to boot", and "IGN" Robert Canning said it "avoided preaching and teaching and instead just had some fun and let guest star Gwyneth Paltrow steal all the scenes". Erica Futterman of "Rolling Stone" wrote that ""Glee" continues its climb, delicately and successfully marrying actual sex lessons with camp and humor".
Several reviewers preferred Paltrow's return in "Sexy" to her first appearance in "The Substitute". "The Washington Post" Emily Yahr felt that she was better integrated into this episode, and Raymund Flandez of "The Wall Street Journal" called her return "infinitely better" than her first appearance: "Back then, she was a puzzle, a loony bin. Here, she's sly and quick-witted, appropriately adult and seductively saucy in an episode that showcased more of her comedic timing, than her stiff dance skills. All the better for us." Fallon wrote that Paltrow was "if possible, even sassier and sultrier" than before, and felt that she served to anchor a busy episode. In contrast, Sandra Gonzalez of "Entertainment Weekly" had mixed feelings about Holly, as she believed that the character dominated screen time. "The A.V. Club" Todd VanDerWerff liked Paltrow's acting, but disliked Holly's interaction with Will, and said they lacked chemistry. Soraya Roberts of the "Daily News" disliked her return for prolonging Will and Emma's separation, and commented that while Paltrow's appearance in "The Substitute" was "relatively fresh", in "Sexy" she was "acting almost like a cardboard cutout version of her former self, overly enunciating her lines treading carefully around her choreography". Poniewozik found all of Paltrow's scenes "labored and ridiculous", and wrote that the actress failed to bring an element of realism to her character. Benigno wondered why Holly appeared to be "the perfect mentor to these sexually confused kids" given that in her previous appearance she was "very fun to be around but not well equipped at all to deal with serious issues". Canning said that "the moment she came on screen the whole episode lit up", and the episode was a "fun and funny showcase for everybody's favorite recurring character", and Futterman echoed him when she called Paltrow "our new favorite cast member".
The storyline featuring Santana and Brittany was very well received, and the acting was also praised. "Houston Chronicle" Bobby Hankinson wrote that Santana's "fear, her confusion and her journey were all rendered with honesty and even a subtlety rarely exhibited on this show." Gonzalez was somewhat surprised by the storyline and observed that Santana had not previously been portrayed as "so serious and vulnerable", but enjoyed the depth it brought to her character. She described Rivera as "heartbreakingly perfect", and "Vanity Fair" Brett Berk wrote that "Naya Rivera and Heather Morris deserve special praise for the complex way they portray this fraught relationship." Poniewozik and VanDerWerff highlighted the work by the two actresses in the choir room scene when "Landslide" was being sung, and VanDerWerff described the scene where Santana confessed her feelings for Brittany as "one of the better scenes of the season", while Poniewozik was impressed that the episode found "pathos and heartbreak" in a coupling formerly treated humorously. Canning, however, felt that Santana's revelation "could have been built up better".
Although some reviewers, including Yahr and "TVLine" Michael Slezak, were unenthusiastic about Blaine's visit to Burt to get him to have "the talk" with Kurt, there was widespread praise for the talk itself, which Jen Harper of BuddyTV described as the "best scene" of the episode. Fallon called it "one of the most uncomfortable father–son sex talks ever committed to television (and thus, really, one of the most realistic)", and his colleague Brown said it became "something lovely, open-hearted, and true". Gonzalez deemed it awkward to watch, yet wrote that the scene served to convince her she had "never loved a father-son pair" more. Poniewozik found it realistic and moving, and gave particular praise to O'Malley for portraying Burt's "determination and awkwardness in helping his son", as did Slezak: "his completely grounded performance helps anchor the show in reality".
Burns was incredulous that Emma and Carl had not yet consummated their four-month-old marriage, and criticized their going to a substitute teacher for relationship advice, something that Benigno also found stupid. Slezak and VanDerWerff disliked the episode's portrayal of Emma, since the recently seen "stronger, less neurotic, and altogether more appealing Emma", as Slezak put it, was inconsistent with her depiction here. One of the few positive comments was from Canning, who singled out Emma's ignorance of what an "afternoon delight" actually was. The reviewers were more enthusiastic about the pairing of Puck and Lauren, though somewhat divided. MTV's Emily Exton called them her "favorite couple of the evening" and cited "the ridiculous logic that they share". Canning called their scenes "a hoot", though Benigno said he was "still not buying" the relationship. A third couple, that of the resurrected pairing of Finn and Quinn, was in Harper's "didn't love" column, and VanDerWerff couldn't bring himself to care enough to comment on it.
Music and performances.
Musical performances in the episode attracted a wide range of commentary, from enthusiastic to dismissive, though one song, "Landslide", received generally high marks. Brown wrote that all the performances "felt a little lackluster ... though none stood out as being particularly awful", while Hankinson maintained that the "songs were universally great".
Most reviewers agreed that the performance of "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)" was sexy. Benigno was one of these and was entertained by the number, but he thought Holly's "vocals seem oddly subdued trying to imitate Joan Jett's voice" and gave it a "B" grade. Gonzalez gave the same grade and also took issue with the vocals, though she enjoyed the energy and Brittany's dancing. "Rolling Stone" Erica Futterman had a different view of the singing, and said that "Holly can't quite muster Jett's vocal power". Berk gave the song four stars out of five and noted the "amazing hairography", but Roberts called the performance a "leather-clad, hair-whipping mess". Slezak gave the performance an "A"; he wrote that Paltrow "completely captured the track's naughty spirit, and Brittany took it over the top with her bump and grind atop the music-room piano".
The inclusion of "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)" in an episode dealing with sex education and adolescent sexuality sparked some controversy, as its original performer and writer, Gary Glitter, is a registered sex offender in the United Kingdom. He has been convicted of several sexual crimes involving minors, including a conviction for possession of child pornography in the UK in 1997, and his conviction for child sexual abuse in Vietnam in 2005. Charities dedicated to serving and helping children have filed complaints to Fox and the producers of "Glee". Television executives in the UK, where the episode was to be broadcast about a month later than in the US, were rumored to be considering the removal of the scene entirely. However, a spokesperson for Channel 4 stated that the episode would air in full, and explained: "The scene is editorially justified within the programme and we do not seek to censor material in the proper context." Claude Knights, the executive director of the London-based children's charity Kidscape, said, "It is regrettable that the producers did not consider the implication of using such a track in the context of a sex education class. The fact that this song is linked to Gary Glitter ... make it wholly inappropriate". The UK edition of "Glee: The Music, Volume 5" omits the track; "Afternoon Delight" is included instead.
Though "Afternoon Delight" was variously described as "goofy" by Benigno and "corny" by Gonzalez, it nevertheless was given a generally positive reception. Benigno called the performance "absolutely hilarious", but characterized the cover as "pretty impressive", and gave a grade of Amy Reiter of the "Los Angeles Times" was even more enthusiastic: she said it was an "incredible rendition" that she ranked "among the best moments of "Glee" ever". Slezak's grade of was issued after a strong caveat: "Arrested Development did it better", and Gonzalez wrote that Stamos was wasted on the performance, which she gave a "C". Berk cited the "incredible harmonies" when he gave the song four out of five stars.
"Animal" received a widely divergent mix of reviews. Harper wrote that the Warblers "did a good job with it but nothing special", while Hankinson called it "super adorable and fun" and that it "was great to finally see Kurt get to share the spotlight with Blaine". Flandez was not as pleased by Kurt—or by the Warblers, who he said had ruined the song—and likened his performance to "Jar Jar Binks on acid, with those jerky moves and infantile facial expressions". Roberts called their version "hokey", and Slezak said the setting "felt contrived as heck" and gave the song a "D". Benigno was at the other end of the scale with an "A" grade and the summary that "they completely crush it", while Gonzalez gave the number an "A+", deemed it "unforgettable", praised the "unique song selection" and called it "pure fun". Futterman described the Warblers as "the loosest they've been all season", but characterized the performance as one of their "least successful" because Blaine and Kurt, "two of the series' most reliable lead singers", were severely overprocessed electronically. Tyler Glenn, lead singer of Neon Trees, said, "I thought it was cool".
There was not much enthusiasm for the performance of "Kiss". Most reviewers were not impressed with Will's falsetto: Harper said it made her ears "sad" and Gonzalez said it "really didn't do it" for her, though she did like the sections in his natural register and gave the performance a "C+", and Harper noted that "Holly saved the song" for her. Although Futterman said Will "expertly hits the falsetto notes", she didn't "feel the chemistry" until the final kiss. Benigno, on the other hand, said that the chemistry between them was "palpable", called the cover "pretty great", and gave it a "B+". Roberts praised the "real sex appeal" Morrison brought to the number, but deemed Paltrow's tango rigid. Burns commented that white people ought to be deterred from performing Prince. He called the music "uninteresting and soulless", and was dismayed that the tango was "just white with white people tango dancing". Flandez, however, enjoyed their dancing and wrote, "The strong holds, the slow cuts, the perfect swivel of hips and the lean-to's were mesmerizingly seductive."
"Landslide" received the most praise of the songs in the episode; indeed, both VanDerWerff and Harper named it the episode's best number. Harper noted the "great harmonies" and added, "I got goose bumps." Hankinson called the rendition "gorgeous" and Berk used "perfection"; Berk went above his five star maximum to give the performance six stars. Roberts found the performance "pretty but uninspired", though Flandez called it "a dreamy, perfectly pitched power song of lesbian love" and Poniewozik "surprisingly poignant". Benigno and Slezak both noted that the cover was based on the version by the Dixie Chicks, and gave grades of and "B+" respectively. The "B+" from Gonzalez came with a caveat: she wished that Rivera, rather than Paltrow, had sung the lead vocal because of the meaning the song held for Santana. Stevie Nicks welcomed the cover of "Landslide", and hoped it would bring the Fleetwood Mac's songs to a new generation. She approved of the performance, and said that Paltrow "sang it beautifully".
Chart history.
Of the five cover versions released as singles, four debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and appeared on other musical charts. On the Hot 100, the show's rendition of "Landslide" debuted at number twenty-three; it was at number thirty-five on the "Billboard" Canadian Hot 100. The other three songs on the Hot 100 were "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)" at number fifty-seven, which also made number sixty-three on the Canadian Hot 100, "Animal" at number sixty-two, which also made number sixty-five on the Canadian Hot 100, and "Kiss" at number eighty-three, which also made number eighty on the Canadian Hot 100. "Afternoon Delight" did not chart on either list.

</doc>
<doc id="30961621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961621" title="Beto Vidigal">
Beto Vidigal

Norberto 'Beto' Deolindo Vidigal (born 9 June 1964) is an Angolan retired professional football midfielder and coach.
Football career.
During 20 seasons, Vidigal played for five clubs. He started his career with O Elvas CAD, achieving top division promotion in 1986 and playing two seasons with the Alentejo side in that category – the club's first and only.
After five years in the second level, with Louletano DC (two seasons) and União de Leiria (three), Vidigal returned to Elvas, with the team now in division three. He then left for one-season stints with Associação Naval 1º de Maio and SC Vila Real also in that category, then returned to his main club to close out his career, eventually representing it in all five major levels of Portuguese football; he retired at the age of 39.
During four years Vidigal worked as assistant coach with O Elvas, with the team in the fourth division.
Personal life.
Vidigal has seven brothers and four sisters, four of the former also being footballers: Luís, Lito, Toni and Jorge. The first represented Portugal internationally, whilst the second opted to appear for Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="30961624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961624" title="Intercontinental Bank">
Intercontinental Bank

Intercontinental Bank Plc.,now Access Bank Plc was commonly referred to as Intercontinental Bank, but often simply called Intercontinental, is a commercial bank in Nigeria. It is one of the twenty-four (24) commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria, the country's banking regulator.
Overview.
Intercontinental Bank was a large financial services provider in West Africa. , the bank's shareholder's equity was valued at approximately US$1.7 billion (NGN:261 billion). The shares of stock of Intercontinental Bank are listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), where they trade under the symbol: INTERCONT.
History.
The bank was established in 1989 under the name Nigerian Intercontinental Merchant Bank Limited. That same year, the first subsidiary, Intercontinental Securities Limited, was established. In 1996, the bank acquired controlling shareholding in Equity Bank of Nigeria, a commercial bank. Also is 1996, Intercontinental acquired majority shareholding in West African Provincial Company Plc. (WAPIC), an insurance company. Intercontinental converted into a commercial bank in 1999. In 2002, the company listed its shares on the Nigerian Stock Exchange.
In 2005, Intercontinental successfully merged with three (3) other commercial banks, in which it held equity positions prior to the merger, namely Equity Bank of Nigeria, Gateway Bank and Global Bank.
In 2009, a special audit of the commercial banks in Nigeria by the Central Bank of Nigeria, the country's banking regulator, found nine of the banks to be under-capitalized and badly managed. Intercontinental Bank Plc. was one of the troubled banks. Following the injection of capital by the Federal Government of Nigeria, to maintain solvency, the troubled banks have embarked on re-capitalization through participation by new investors, yet to be made public.
In 2011, Access Bank began talks with the Central Bank of Nigeria to acquire Intercontinental Bank Plc. Further to the approval of the shareholders of Intercontinental bank and Access Bank, court sanction of the Federal High Court of Nigeria and approval of the Central Bank of Nigeria and the Securities & Exchange Commission, Access Bank Plc (“Access”) and Intercontinental Bank Plc (“Intercontinental Bank”) announced the completion of the recapitalization of Intercontinental Bank and the acquisition of 75% majority interest in Intercontinental Bank by Access Bank Plc. In effect, Intercontinental Bank (including all its assets, liabilities and undertakings) became a subsidiary of Access Bank Plc.
Subsidiaries.
The bank had the following subsidiary companies, as of December 2010:
Governance.
The Chairman of the Board was Raymond C. Obieri, while the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer was Mahmud Lai Alabi.

</doc>
<doc id="30961627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961627" title="Catharine and Petruchio">
Catharine and Petruchio

Catharine and Petruchio is a reworking of William Shakespeare's "The Taming of the Shrew" by British playwright and actor David Garrick. It was written in 1756 and was performed far more often than the original "The Shrew" through the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
Performance History.
"The Taming of the Shrew" was revived following the English Civil War in the second half of the seventeenth century, but not necessarily in Shakespeare's 'original' version. The seventeenth and eighteenth centuries saw multiple adaptations of Shakespeare's "The Shrew." And, as in Nahum Tate's adaptation of "King Lear", which transforms the tragic ending into a happy marriage between Cordelia and Edgar, the idea that Shakespeare's works were sacrosanct and inalterable was not yet established. 
Of the many versions of "The Shrew" that appeared, David Garrick's was the most popular and influential. For example, his was the first production in which Petruchio uses a whip in Act II, scene II, seemingly initiated by actor John P. Kemble, who played Petruchio. Between 1754 and 1844, "Catharine and Petruchio" was the only version of Shakespeare's play performed on British and American stages, and the sixth most popular Shakespearean play, according to scholar Frances E. Dolan.
Plot.
The play "Catharine and Petruchio" condenses Shakespeare's play into three acts. Much of the plot is also similar; Petruchio vows to marry Catharine before he has even seen her, she smashes a lute over the music tutor's head, Baptista fears no one will ever want to marry her; the wedding scene is identical, as is the scene where Grumio teases her with food; the haberdasher and tailor scene is very similar; the sun and moon conversation, and the introduction of Vincentio are both taken from Shakespeare. The Christopher Sly frame is also entirely absent.
However, much of Shakespeare's original dialogue is preserved, particularly when Petruchio discusses taming strategies.
Changes from Shakespeare's "The Shrew".
The ending of Shakespeare's play "The Taming of the Shrew", particularly the question of whether Katharine is actually 'tamed' or not is frequently debated. Garrick's play provides a narrower interpretation than Shakespeare's ambiguous ending. There is no wager. Instead, Catharine makes her speech to Bianca, though without the offer to put her hand beneath her husband's foot. Her reasons for women's subordination, namely that their "soft and weak and smooth" bodies are unsuited for life outside the home, are omitted, as are her assertions that "my mind hath been as big as one of yours, / My heart as great, my reason haply more, / To bandy word for word and frown for frown; but now I see our lances are but straws/ Our strength as weak, our weakness past compare" (V.II.174-178).
Instead, Garrick's Catharine rather ambiguously agrees with her father's exclamation that she has been "altered" by saying "Indeed I am--I am transformed to stone."
After her speech, Petruchio tells her, 
Kiss me Kate, and since thou art become<br>
So prudent, kind, and dutiful a Wife,<br>
"Petruchio" here shall doff the lordly Husband;<br>
An honest Mark, which I throw off with Pleasure.<br>
Far hence all Rudeness, Wilfulness, and Noise,<br>
And be our future Lives one gentle Stream<br>
Of mutual Love, Compliance and Regard.
Petruchio claims that his 'taming' was just a temporary act to establish the terms of his and Catharine's relationship, and promises not to mistreat her. However, he does conclude the play with the lines: 
How shameful 'tis when women are so simple 
To offer war where they should kneel for peace, 
Or seek for rule, supremacy, and sway,
Where bound to love, to honor, and obey.
Finally, while Shakespeare's "The Shrew" allows other characters to comment on Katharine's speech and thus add layers of nuance and doubt to her pronouncement, Garrick's play concludes after these lines.
Reception.
Of the many adaptations of "The Taming of the Shrew", the most successful was David Garrick's "Catharine and Petruchio," which was introduced in 1754 and dominated the stage for almost two centuries, with Shakespeare's play not returning until 1844 in England and 1887 in the United States, although Garrick's version was still being performed as late as 1879, when Herbert Beerbohm Tree staged it. In Garrick's version, the subplot is entirely omitted, Bianca is married to Hortensio when the play opens. Consequently, it is not a full length play, and was often performed with Garrick's shorter version of "The Winter's Tale". Much of Shakespeare's dialogue is reproduced verbatim. Garrick's play was a huge success, and major productions took place in the United States in 1754 (with Hannah Pritchard as Catharine), in 1788 (with Sarah Siddons and John Philip Kemble), in 1810 (again with Kemble and his real life wife, Priscilla Hopkins Brereton), and in 1842 (with William Charles Macready as Petruchio).

</doc>
<doc id="30961636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961636" title="Jack Howells">
Jack Howells

Thomas John "Jack" Howells (July 1913 - 6 September 1990) was a Welsh film-maker, who is best remembered for his documentary "Dylan Thomas", the only Welsh film to have won an Academy Award, for Documentary Short Subject in 1963.
Career.
Howells was born in Abertysswg near Rhymney and was a school teacher before switching to film-making. Although best known for his impressionistic and lyrical documentaries, he also wrote screenplays for feature films, including "Front Page Story" (1953) and '"Skid Kids" (1953).

</doc>
<doc id="30961638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961638" title="Courts of Jersey">
Courts of Jersey

The Courts of Jersey are responsible for the administration of justice in the Bailiwick of Jersey, one of the Channel Islands. They apply the law of the Island, which is a mixture of customary law and legislation passed by the legislature, the States Assembly.
The principal court is the Royal Court, which has been in existence since the 13th century, and exercises both civil and criminal jurisdiction. Additional courts, such as the Magistrate's Court, which deals with minor criminal matters, and the Court of Appeal, which hears appeals from the Royal Court, have been added to the Island's legal system more recently. There are also a number of specialist tribunals.
Parish Hall Enquiry.
The Parish Hall Enquiry is an informal way of dealing with minor criminal behaviour, particularly by young people, which has been in use in Jersey for over 800 years.
The Enquiry is not actually a court hearing. It is an opportunity for the Centenier (the head of the Honorary Police for the parish) to review the evidence and decide whether it is in the public interest for the case to be tried in the Magistrate's Court. In doing so the Centenier will discuss the evidence with the accused person and, if the offence is minor, possibly agree a non-statutory sanction which will avoid the need for the case to go to court. Attendance at the Enquiry is voluntary, the Centenier does not make a finding of guilt (a sanction is only imposed if the accused agrees, otherwise the case is sent on to the Magistrate's Court) and at any time the accused may elect to have the case referred to the Magistrate.
Sanctions which can be imposed include:
These sanctions are not convictions but a record is kept and they may be referred to in the event of the accused coming into contact with the criminal justice system on a subsequent occasion.
The Parish Hall Enquiry system has been found to "deal successfully and appropriately with a wide range of offending", to have a low rate of recidivism, and a high level of satisfaction amongst victims.
Lower courts.
The Magistrate's and Petty Debts Courts were established by legislation in 1853 to deal with minor criminal and civil cases instead of the Royal Court (although their jurisdiction is generally concurrent with that of the Royal Court, rather than exclusive). They are both presided over by the Magistrate, a position which was created as a distinct post in 1864. The Magistrate is referred to in the Jersey French of the legislation as the "Juge d’Instruction", although his role is not the same as the position with the same title in inquisitorial systems.
Magistrate's Court.
Originally established in 1853 as the Police Court the Magistrate's Court, which was renamed in 1996, can try any criminal offence if the Magistrate considers that the appropriate sentence is not more than one year in prison or a fine of £5,000. If the Magistrate considers that a heavier sentence might be appropriate, then the case will be committed to the Royal Court for trial. Similarly if, having tried the case, the Magistrate subsequently decides that their sentencing powers are insufficient, they may refer the case to the Royal Court for sentencing.
Petty Debts Court.
The Petty Debts Court deals with civil cases where the value of the claim is no more than £10,000, and also with landlord and tenant disputes.
Youth Court.
The Youth Court was created in 1994 and is made up of the Magistrate and two members of the Youth Court Panel (which is appointed by the Superior Number of the Royal Court). It sits in private (although the press may be present) and deals with cases where the defendant is aged under 18, unless the likely sentence means that the case needs to be sent to the Royal Court.
Royal Court.
The Royal Court is the principal and oldest court in Jersey, and exercises both criminal and civil jurisdiction. It can sit in a number of configurations, depending on the type of case and the powers to be exercised.
History.
The Court has its origins in the 13th century when, following the English Crown's loss of the Duchy of Normandy, King John decreed that Jersey should continue to be subject to Norman customary law. The Royal Court exercised both judicial and legislative functions for the Island, although the power to make laws moved to the States Assembly in the 15th century.
Judiciary.
The Bailiff of Jersey is the President of the Royal Court (and also of the Court of Appeal). Individual trials may be heard before the Bailiff, the Deputy Bailiff (also a full-time role) or a Commissioner. Commissioners are part-time judges, appointed from the ranks of judges in the Commonwealth or senior experienced lawyers from the Channel Islands, United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, either for defined periods of time or for specific cases. The Master of the Royal Court deals with some preliminary matters in civil cases. The Court is supported by the Judicial Greffier who fulfils the role of Registrar.
In addition to the judge, the Royal Court includes the Jurats. They are unpaid lay people, aged 40 or more, who have been elected by an electoral college. They hold the office until the age of 72. The Jurats decide issues of fact in criminal and civil trials (except criminal assizes, when a jury is empanelled), hand down sentences in criminal trials and award damages in civil trials.
Civil jurisdiction.
Three divisions of the Court deal solely with civil matters. The Héritage division decides cases concerning land and immovable property. The Family division deals with divorce, adoption and the care of children. The Probate division is concerned with wills and inheritance.
The Samedi division deals with all other civil cases coming before the Royal Court. It previously sat on a Saturday, hence the name ("Samedi" is the French word for Saturday), but now sits on Fridays.
When exercising civil jurisdiction, the Royal Court almost always sits as the Inferior Number – that is, comprising the Bailiff (or the Deputy Bailiff, or a Commissioner) and two Jurats.
Criminal jurisdiction.
As well as hearing civil cases, the Samedi division of the Royal Court also hears criminal cases. There are three ways in which a case can be tried: by the Inferior Number of the Royal Court, by an assize sitting or (for sentencing only) by the Superior Number.
The Inferior Number also hears appeals against decisions of the Magistrates' Court. There is generally no onward appeal.
An assize sitting of the Royal Court is used when the defendant is charged with an offence (called 'crimes' for the more serious offences, and 'délits' for the less serious ones) against customary law. The case is tried by a judge (the Bailiff or Deputy or a Commissioner) and a jury of 12 citizens.
The Superior Number of the Royal Court only has a role in respect of sentencing, either on reference or appeal from the Inferior Number. Unlike the Inferior Number, it can impose any sentence allowed by law, including imprisonment for more than four years. The Superior Number is made up of the judge and five or more Jurats.
Visite Royale.
A Visite Royale is an annual ambulatory inspection by the Royal Court of one of the Parishes of Jersey. Since 1803 the alternation of the Visites has been fixed so that each Parish is visited once every six years. The origin of the custom goes back to the jurisdiction of the Viscount over the roads and paths of the Duchy of Normandy. The Court inspects the Parish accounts (although since modern practice is that accounts are professionally audited, this is a formality) and receives a report on policing and other matters from the Connétable and Chef de Police. A panel of twelve "voyeurs", made up of notable Parishioners nominated by the Connétable, is sworn in and leads the Court on a circuit of roads around the Parish, drawing the Court's attention along the way to transgressions and encroachments that require judgment. The jurisdiction of the Visite Royale is to make "any order designed to ensure the rights of the public lawfully to use the public roads and pathways of the Island without obstruction, hinderance or inconvenience." Judgment is given on the spot, although this may be an order that further investigations should take place and be reported to the Royal Court at a later date.
Appeal courts.
Prior to 1949 there was no Court of Appeal in Jersey (or Guernsey). Appeals could be heard by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, but this was only possible if special leave was given and was not by right. It was felt that, particularly in criminal cases, this was not satisfactory. Therefore in 1949 an Order in Council was made by King George VI creating the Channel Islands Court of Appeal, to deal with appeals from both Jersey and Guernsey. However it was soon realised that a joint court would not work and the Channel Islands Court of Appeal never sat. It was ultimately replaced by separate Courts of Appeal in each of the two bailiwicks.
The Court of Appeal.
The Court of Appeal of Jersey was finally created in 1961 and sits about six times each year. The judges of the Court of Appeal comprise the Bailiff and Deputy Bailiff, and a number of Queen's Counsel from the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man. Currently, there are 11 judges of the Court of Appeal, including the Bailiff of Guernsey.
Youth Appeal Court.
The Youth Appeal Court is made up of the Bailiff and three members of the Youth Court Panel.
Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.
Further appeals can be made to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, but only with special leave.
Inquests.
In the case of a sudden or unexpected death in the Island, an inquest will need to be held to determine the cause of death. The Viscount is the coroner (although in recent years this function has been delegated to the Deputy Viscount) and may sit with a jury, although this is unusual. Hearings take place in public.
Tribunals.
In addition to the courts, there are a number of Tribunals, including:
Judgments and law reports.
Judgments of the Royal Court, Court of Appeal and the Employment Tribunal are published online by the Jersey Legal Information Board, as part of the Free Access to Law Movement. Since 1985, selected judgments containing points of legal principle are formally published in the "Jersey Law Reports". Selected judgments between 1950 and 1984 were published in 11 volumes by the Royal Court in the "Jersey Judgments" series of law reports.

</doc>
<doc id="30961640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961640" title="Domestic responses to the Libyan Civil War">
Domestic responses to the Libyan Civil War

Government resignations.
This is a list of officials who resigned or refused to take orders from the Gaddafi regime during the 2011 Libyan civil war.
Diplomatic service.
Contrary to previous reports, the Ambassador of Libya to the United Kingdom has not resigned, but did not want to discuss his support for Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
According to the Toronto Star, the Ambassador of Libya to Canada is on "sick leave".
A growing number of Libyan embassies around the world have started to fly the former flag of Libya used between 1951 and 1969.
Business actions.
The Arabian Gulf Oil Company, the second largest state-owned oil company in Libya, announced plans to use oil funds to support anti-Gaddafi forces.
By 27 February, Libya's biggest oil company, Agaco, turned against the Gaddafi government.
Other leaders.
Islamic leaders and clerics in Libya, notably the Network of Free Ulema – Libya urged all Muslims to rebel against Gaddafi.
The Warfalla, Tuareg and Magarha tribes have announced their support of the protesters. The Zuwayya tribe, based in eastern Libya, have threatened to cut off oil exports from fields in their part of the country if Libyan security forces continued attacking demonstrators.
Former royals.
Libyan-throne claimant, Muhammed El Senussi, sent his condolences "for the heroes who have laid down their lives, killed by the brutal forces of Gaddafi" and called on the international community "to halt all support for the dictator with immediate effect." Senussi said that the protesters would be "victorious in the end" and calls for international support to end the violence.
On 24 February, Senussi gave an interview to "Al Jazeera English" where he called upon the international community to help remove Gaddafi from power and stop the ongoing "massacre". He has dismissed talk of a civil war saying "The Libyan people and the tribes have proven they are united".
Questioned about what shape a new government could take, and whether the 1951 royal constitution could be revived, Senussi said that such questions are "premature and are issues that are to be decided by the Libyan people," adding that for now the priority is to stop the "killing of innocent people." On whether he desires to return to Libya he says "The Senussi family considers itself as in the service of the Libyan people." When asked about reestablishing the monarchy, he stated that he "is a servant to Libyan people, and they decide what they want".
The White House said it will not specify which individuals and groups it is working and reaching out with, when asked if it supports Senussi's calls for international support.
In an interview with "Asharq Al-Awsat", he stated that it is too early to answer if the monarchy in Libya could be restored and if he will be active in Libyan politics. He also says the main objective is to end the violence on the streets in Libya.
On 3 March, it was announced that he planned to return to Libya. On 4 March, he called the West to use airstrikes against Gaddafi after his contacts in Libya told him they need airstrikes. He also argued that a no-fly zone would be insufficient but later calls for the no-fly zone.
He later stated that international community needs "less talk and more action" to stop the violence. He has asked for a no-fly zone over Libya but does not support foreign ground troops. He has also stated that a no-fly zone is the only way to stop Gaddafi who he has said is relying completely on the air force.
In an interview with "Adnkronos", a rival claimant to the throne, Idris bin Abdullah al-Senussi, announced he was ready to return to the country once change had been initiated. On 21 February 2011, Idris made an appearance on "Piers Morgan Tonight" to discuss the uprising.
On 24 February, his brother Hashem called on Gaddafi "to have mercy" on the demonstrators, just as he did with members of the former Royal Family in 1969 when he allowed them to leave the country unharmed after the coup that overthrew the monarchy.
On 3 March, it was reported that Prince Al Senussi Zouber Al Senussi had fled Libya with his family and was seeking asylum in Totebo, Sweden.
On 17 March, Prince Mohamed Hilal El Senussi returned to Libya after 41 years in exile.
Public reaction.
During the Battle of Sirte, residents of Sirte expressed condemnation against the rebels and NATO. According to one resident, "The rebels are worse than rats. NATO is the same as Osama bin Laden." According to another local woman, "We lived in democracy under Muammer Gaddafi, he was not a dictator. I lived in freedom, Libyan women had full human rights. It isn't that we need Muammer Gaddafi again, but we want to live just as we did before." A local elderly woman stated "They are killing our children. Why are they doing this? For what? Life was good before!"

</doc>
<doc id="30961641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961641" title="St Mary's Church, Lower Gravenhurst">
St Mary's Church, Lower Gravenhurst

St Mary's Church, Lower Gravenhurst, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Lower Gravenhurst, Bedfordshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Lower Gravenhurst is some southeast of Bedford, to the east of the A6 road. The church is surrounded by fields and stands on a small hill.
History.
The church dates from the 14th century, having been built for Sir Robert de Bilhemore, who died in about 1361. The tower was added in about 1400.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St Mary's is constructed in ironstone rubble with ashlar dressings. Its roofs are tiled. The plan consists of a chancel and a nave in a single unit, and a west tower. The tower is in three stages with diagonal buttresses on the west side. At the southeast corner is a semi-octagonal stair turret. In the lowest stage is a three-light west window. The top stage contains two-light bell openings on each side. The parapet is embattled. On the tower is a pyramidal roof surmounted by a shaft, on top of which is a cross. The chancel has a three-light east window, and a two-light window on the north and south sides. In the nave is a two-light window and a doorway on both sides. Over the south door is a niche for a statue.
Interior.
In the chancel is a brass to the memory of the founder. There is also a monument to Benjamin Piggot, who died in 1606, his three wives and his children. It is in polychrome marble and incorporates coats of arms and brasses. The font is octagonal and dates from the 15th century. Also from that century is the rood screen, which still has traces of painted decoration. The pulpit, with its sounding board, dates from the 17th century. In the chancel is a two-bay sedilia, and a piscina with an ogee head.

</doc>
<doc id="30961659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961659" title="Doubletime">
Doubletime

Doubletime is a documentary film about the sport of modern-day jump roping and Double Dutch. The film follows two disparate teams—one suburban white and one inner-city black—as they train to compete against each other for the very first time.
Plot.
In the last 30 years jump roping has moved off the sidewalks and onto the stage. It now features astounding acrobatics, lightning speed and international competition. "Doubletime" follows the top two American teams: The Bouncing Bulldogs of Chapel Hill, North Carolina and The Double Dutch Forces of Columbia, South Carolina. Although they train in neighboring states, the Bulldogs and the Forces scarcely cross paths as they belong to separate leagues that do not compete against one another.
The Bulldogs represent the best of gymnastic freestyle jumping found mostly in white suburbia while the Forces belong to the inner- city African American tradition of Double Dutch. For the first time, both the Bulldogs and the Forces decide to enter a competition at the world famous Apollo Theater called the Holiday Classic. The film features four young athletes (age 11 to 18) who display courage, skills and charisma as they passionately prepare for the event. "Doubletime" culminates on stage in Harlem with this rowdy crowd- pleasing contest which features “fusion” routines where Double Dutch is blended with hip- hop dance and music.

</doc>
<doc id="30961661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961661" title="Trudi Wilkes">
Trudi Wilkes

Trudi Wilkes is a well-known British voiceover artist based in London.
Wilkes was born on February 25, 1973, in Nottinghamshire, UK.
She grew up doing youth theatre in Nottingam (Acorn/NYT) before landing an Equity contract at the Nottingham Playhouse.
Work brought her to London where she currently resides, specializing in Voice Acting.

</doc>
<doc id="30961663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961663" title="Jollity">
Jollity

Jollity is the third studio album by Irish pop band Pugwash. It was released in Ireland by 1969 Records on 23 September 2005 and in Australia by Karmic Hit later the same year. It was released in the UK on 31 October 2006. Two singles were released from the album: "It's Nice to Be Nice" and "This Could Be Good".

</doc>
<doc id="30961672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961672" title="George W. Comstock">
George W. Comstock

In his 2006 curriculum vitae Dr. Comstock summarized his research as follows: "Although I seem to be generally associated with tuberculosis, a review of my publications will show that my research interests have been very broad. The common thread through most of these studies has been that they are based on local communities— Muscogee county, GA; Bethel area of Alaska; and Washington County, Maryland. During the past 30 years, a major part of my research has dealt with the relationships of serum or plasma concentrations of micronutrients, hormones, and viral antibodies to the subsequent development of cancer. More recently, the interactions of gene and environmental characteristics have been a major focus. I have also been concerned with some of the elementary (but ignored)problems of long-term storage of biologic specimens— temperature variation within freezers, changes on concentrations of analytes with prolonged storage, and the degree of agreement of analyte concentrations in specimens from the same individual separated by years of storage. Another major portion of my research has been collaboration in studies of cardiovascular outcomes associated with serologic and clinical characteristics determined years earlier. Specifically, this has involved linkage of records from the Washington County portions of ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) [http://www.cscc.unc.edu/aric/ and CHS (Cardiovascular Health Study) with records from our two big blood collection projects, CLUE I and CLUE II [http://www.jhsph.edu/comstockcenter/clue_research_activities.html. The combination is a unique resource."
Education and Career.
He graduated from Antioch College in 1937 with honors in biology and chemistry and obtained his medical degree from Harvard in 1941. Dr. Comstock joined the U.S. Public Health Service in 1942 and served as a captain for 21 years. In this role, he ran the first trials of the BCG vaccine for tuberculosis in Georgia and Alabama (1947–1951), the findings of which were crucial to the decision not to implement this vaccine in the United States. It was also one of the first, if not the first, use of a cluster-randomized study design. Dr. Comstock received a Master of Public Health from the University of Michigan, School of Public Health (1951) and Doctorate of Public Health in Epidemiology from Johns Hopkins (1956). He subsequently joined the faculty at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health and taught there for more than 50 years. In 1957, he led research in Bethel, Alaska, estimating the high burden of tuberculosis and demonstrating the drug isoniazid’s effectiveness in prevention of tuberculosis. In 1962, Dr. Comstock founded the Johns Hopkins Training Center for Public Health Research and Prevention in Hagerstown, Maryland. During this time, together with Abraham Lilienfeld, he came up with the pioneering idea of using biologic samples in cohort studies. For the next 42 years, Comstock oversaw community-based research studies on numerous diseases including cancer and heart disease. He also may have conducted, the first case-cohort study reported in the literature, four decades ago, dealing with the relationships of maternal smoking to risks of neonatal and post-neonatal death. Dr. Comstock also served as editor-in-chief of the American Journal of Epidemiology from 1979 to 1988.
Awards and Contributions.
Dr. Comstock authored hundreds of scientific papers and received numerous awards, including the John Snow Award from the American Public Health Association, the Edward Livingston Trudeau Medal from the American Thoracic Society, the Maxwell Finland Award for Scientific Achievement from the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases and the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute’s Career Research Award. His work influenced generations of students, many of whow now hold public health leadership positions throughout the world. His contributions to the science of epidemiology were notable. In his lectures For example, Dr. Comstock often mentioned “compensating bias” and the difference between the external validity of a measure of frequency and that of a measure of association, years before this concept was reported in the literature. He was also responsible for the notion that case-control studies test effectiveness, not efficacy, of interventions. 
In 2005, the Hopkins center in Hagerstown, Maryland, was renamed The George W. Comstock Center for Public Health Research and Prevention [http://www.jhsph.edu/comstockcenter].
George Comstock frequently quoted these words from Horace Mann’s 1859 commencement speech at Antioch College: “I beseech you to treasure up in your hearts these my parting words: Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.” This struck him as the main purpose of living; as Comstock said, “Most of us aren't going to win any big victories, but we can win little ones every day, and they mount up.”
External links.
American Journal of Epidemiology Commemoration of G.W. Comstock's life [http://aje.oxfordjournals.org/content/168/7.toc]
"Lucky all my life": a documentary about G.W. Comstock [http://www.jhsph.edu/comstockcenter/george_w_comstocks_career.html]

</doc>
<doc id="30961673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961673" title="Ann-Sofie Gälman">
Ann-Sofie Gälman

Ann-Sofie Gälman is a Swedish television presenter and journalist working for SVT2's daily news magazine "Nordnytt", which covers Sweden's three most northern provinces. 
Gälman grew up in the village of Risögrund outside Kalix and knew at an early age that she wanted to be a journalist. During her days in middle school she interned at the "Nordnytt" editorial. Gälman first attended Umeå University for a year before being accepted to the journalism program at Kalix Folkhögskola. Her first job after graduation was with news agency "TT Spectra" in Stockholm writing sport articles. She later got a job with "Västerbottensnytt" in Umeå covering local news, reporting from Björklöven and Luleå Hockeys home games and hosting the bate show "Reagera" 
Today she is the anchorwoman for "Nordnytt" and has also co-hosted SVT2's coverage of the 2010 national election. 

</doc>
<doc id="30961681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961681" title="Vijay Benedict">
Vijay Benedict

Vijay Benedict is an Indian former Bollywood playback singer who provided playback for over 35 Bollywood films in the 1980s and early 1990s. He made his debut as a singer for the hit 1982 film "Disco Dancer" singing the popular title song "I Am a Disco Dancer" for actor Mithun Chakraborty. The film's director was Babbar Subhash and music director was Bappi Lahiri. He was frequently used as the playback singer for films starring Mithun Chakraborty which were directed by Babbar Subhash and music by Bappi Lahiri. He also worked with other music directors like Laxmikant Pyarelal, Anand-Milind and Nadeem-Shravan and sang for other actors like Govinda, Jackie Shroff and Aamir Khan. He has sung duets with female singers like Alisha Chinai, Asha Bhosle, Kavita Krishnamurthy, Parvati Khan, and male singers like Amit Kumar and Kumar Sanu.
In 1991 he quit playback singing for Bollywood films after death of his brother in Germany. He then devoted himself to his Christian religion and is now a Gospel Singer. In an interview with Dibin Samuel in "Christian Today", Benedict reveals how he came to Christ. He said: 
My younger brother working at a five star hotel was murdered in Germany. I flew to that country, and upon a little investigation learnt that a drug dealing was happening in the hotel which my brother witnessed and complained to the police. The drug dealers shot my brother and fled the scene even before the police could arrive. My brother's death shook me and led me to think on questions of life which I found no answer. My brother lacked nothing and lived a comfortable life. He had all luxuries he wanted but he wasn't there. This posed a lot of questions on human life. I was totally disturbed. Nothing at this crisis, including my wealth and status could fill this void in my heart. I was desolate, spiritless and unstable. What in this world can make me happy? What can render in me "everlasting peace" which I could not find in all the prosperousness of my life? I tried different things to find peace. My films were really doing well, but I can tell you I was not happy. Nothing could bring me out of this dejected state. It was then that somebody introduced me to Christ. My life changed thereafter. It was not the same. I can boldly confess today that I found peace in Christ and His Word. I learnt to rejoice in Christ's grace which now I know is sufficient for me in my life. Jesus, the living God, became the panacea of all my problems. I subsequently realized how beautiful it was being with God. None other than Him could fill this spiritual void in me. He taught me to forgive my brother's killers and love and pray for my enemies like He did. With the Lord's calling in my life, I decided to dedicate my music to God and to His worship. There was no turning back, my life was fully offered to Him from there.

</doc>
<doc id="30961684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961684" title="Helmet of Coțofenești">
Helmet of Coțofenești

The Golden Helmet of Coțofenești is a Geto-Dacian helmet dating from the first half of the 4th century BC.
In 1929, a child named Traian Simion uncovered the helmet by chance on the territory of the village of Poiana Coțofenești (now called Poiana Vărbilău), Prahova County, Romania, in the location called "Vârful Fundăturii". At that time it was part of the Mălăieşti commune.
Thereupon, Ion Andriesescu, professor of Prehistory at the Bucharest University conducted a thorough investigation at the site. The team of archaeologists noticed that helmet was not part of a gold treasure or grave but it was part of a local Geto-Dacian La Tène settlement. Archaeologists concluded that the helmet was a stray find, as only a few late Hallstatt pottery fragments were found, some of them wheeled. The helmet is kept at the National History Museum of Romania (inv 11420).
Analysis.
Almost a kilogram heavy, the gold helmet is very well preserved, missing only the part of its skull cap. The form of the helmet and its decorations reveal the autochthonous character of this Geto-Dacian artwork. The helmet is decorated with large studs on the top of the skull and two very large apotropaic eyes, meant to ward off the evil eye and magic spells. It was established that it belonged to an unknown local Geto-Dacian king or to a local aristocratic noble, from around year 400 BC . 
One theory — without any poof, however — is that this item was the sacred helmet of Zalmoxis, the living god-prophet of the Dacians.
Helmet decorations depict a range of mythical creatures, and an illustration, on either cheek-piece, of a ritual enactment.
The cheek-pieces of the Poiana-Coțofenești helmet show a ram being sacrificed by a man who kneels on its body and is about to cut its throat with a short knife. The iconography on the right side of the helmet is of a great interest, and has been interpreted in light of the tauroctony scene from the Mithraic Mysteries. Environment and affluence might well account for a change to a larger beast in the species offered and a similar interpretation of a bull-slaying episode. This sacrifice of the ram might have been performed by the "king-priest-god" .
The pair of Voracious Beasts on the Coţofeneşti neck-guard occupy a lower register along with a similar creature deprived of a victim’s leg.
This motif of the "Voracious Beast" is found earlier in Assyrian art, and was popular among the Etruscans. Phoenicia was probably the intermediary for its transferral to Italy and around the Adriatic, but Voracious Beast must also have traveled through Asia Minor to appear in a North Thracian idiom not only on the Coţofeneşti neck-guard but also in high relief on the base of the Aghighiol beakers (Aghighiol is a village near the Danube Delta in eastern Romania).
The upper register displays a row of three seated or squatting winged creatures, rather monkey-like with human faces, long forearms, and long tails. These, however, are surely direct, if run-down, descendants of the sphinxes on a gold beaker from Amlash .
The eyes on a Greek battle-shield may be designated to ward off evil blows, but once translated onto a helmet, and above the eyes of a North Thracian noble who wore it, could mean "I see twice as well, I have eyes like my hawk". The Thracian gold and silversmiths who manufactured the objects were aware of other contemporary art styles — those of Scythia, Greece, northeast Italy and now modern Slovenia were known through trade, travel and meetings — and they adapted conventions of representation suitable for their own purposes. The meaning of these motifs was no doubt context-specific.
The decorations such as rosette, strips, triangles, spiral and others are specific Geto-Dacian art motifs. The scene of sacrifice the ram is an oriental Iranian theme that entered in the Greek art and from there in the ‘barbarian’ art. Therefore, the helmet seems to have been realized in a Greek workshop. But, in the same time the awkward technique of execution that contrasts with the perfect technique of a Greek craftsman points out to an autochthonous one.
In popular culture.
A replica of the helmet appeared in the 1967 historical movie "Dacii" ("The Dacians") by Sergiu Nicolaescu, though it took place at least 500 years after the period to which the helmet has been dated. Worn by the Dacian king Decebalus, the movie helmet had a flat top, an inaccuracy that entered the vernacular of popular culture. The comic strips "Din zori de istorie", published in late 1970s in "Cutezătorii" magazine, written by Vasile Mănuceanu and drawn by Albin Stănescu, also depicts the helmet with a flat top. It is worn by the Getian king "Odrix" during the conflict with the Persian king Darius I who in 513 BC was campaigning against the Scythians. The action takes place within roughly the period that produced the original helmet. A similar comic strip written by Vasile Mănuceanu and drawn by Sandu Florea depicts the king Burebista wearing the helmet as well.

</doc>
<doc id="30961716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961716" title="Hemoglobinometer">
Hemoglobinometer

A hemoglobinometer is a medical measuring device of hemoglobin blood concentration. It can operate by spectrophotometric measurement of hemoglobin concentration. Portable hemoglobinometers provide easy and convenient measurement of hematological variables, especially in areas where no clinic labs are available.

</doc>
<doc id="30961729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961729" title="Toni Vidigal">
Toni Vidigal

António 'Toni' Leonel Vidigal (born 1 March 1975) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Football career.
Vidigal made his senior debuts at only 16, with O Elvas C.A.D. in the third division. In 1994 he signed with G.D. Estoril Praia in the second level, going on to remain the following seven years in the category, also representing Vitória de Setúbal, F.C. Penafiel and Varzim SC, achieving top flight promotion with the latter in 2001.
After two seasons with Varzim in the first division (45 games, one goal) and a third in the second, Vidigal signed with C.D. Portosantense in level three. Aged 31, he returned to his first senior club, now in the fourth division, closing out his career in 2010 after a brief spell with amateurs Club Sintra Football.
Personal life.
Vidigal has four brothers who were also footballers (from a total of 11 siblings): Beto, Luís, Lito, and Jorge. The second represented Portugal internationally, whilst the third opted to appear for Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="30961747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961747" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1607">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1607

United Nations Security Council resolution1607, adopted unanimously on 21 June 2005, after recalling all previous resolutions on the situation in Liberia, the Council extended the embargo on Liberian diamonds for a further six months. 
Resolution.
Observations.
The Security Council recognised the link between the illegal exploitation of resources such as diamonds and timber, illicit arms trafficking and the conflicts in West Africa, particularly in Liberia. In this regard, it noted that measures imposed in Resolution 1521 (2003) were intended to stop fueling the conflict. 
The preamble of the resolution also expressed concern that former President Charles Taylor and close associates were engaging in activities that were undermining peace and stability in the region. It noted the completion of the disarmament and demobilisation processes, respect for the ceasefire, and implementation of a peace agreement. There was concern that the transitional government had limited control over some areas of the country and continuing challenges.
Acts.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council decided to renew sanctions against Liberia relating to diamonds, while reiterating that it would lift the measures once the transitional government had met its conditions, including establishing a certificate of origin regime. The transitional government was urged to undertake forestry reforms and advice on its management of timber and diamonds. Financial sanctions against Charles Taylor imposed in Resolution 1532 (2004) would remain in place and all states were reminded to implement all sanctions.
Meanwhile, a five-member expert panel appointed pursuant to Resolution 1549 (2004) by the Secretary-General Kofi Annan was re-established until 21 December 2005, to monitor the implementation and impact of the sanctions. The panel would report on whether Liberia had met the conditions for the lifting of the sanctions. 
It was also necessary that the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL), the Committee established by Resolution 1521 and the expert panel continue to monitor the implementation of the measures and any violations, and the transitional government in its recruitment and movement of ex-combatants.

</doc>
<doc id="30961749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961749" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Viana, Angola">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Viana, Angola

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Viana () is a diocese located in the city of Viana in the Ecclesiastical province of Luanda in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="30961750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961750" title="Chemotronics">
Chemotronics

Chemotronics is an intersection field of chemistry (especially electrochemistry) and electronics dealing with the design of electrochemical and optical chemical sensors. One of pioneers of this field was Alexander Frumkin.

</doc>
<doc id="30961755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961755" title="Works of fiction set in 2009">
Works of fiction set in 2009

The following fictional entities are set in the year 2009:
Computer and video games.
Set in 2009:

</doc>
<doc id="30961758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961758" title="Johannes Hjelmslev">
Johannes Hjelmslev

Johannes Trolle Hjelmslev (7 April 1873 – 16 February 1950) was a mathematician from Copenhagen, Denmark. Hjelmslev worked in geometry and history of geometry. He was the discoverer and eponym of the Hjelmslev transformation, a method for mapping an entire hyperbolic plane into a circle with a finite radius.
He was the father of Louis Hjelmslev.

</doc>
<doc id="30961759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961759" title="Hyde bus station">
Hyde bus station

Hyde bus station in Hyde, Greater Manchester serves as a bus terminus for 11 bus services and as a major stop for 4 bus services in the Greater Manchester area. It was opened in 2004 and was built on the site of the old bus station for Hyde. The station is managed by Transport for Greater Manchester. It is situated in Hyde town center and to the east of Hyde Central railway station.
To the north side of the wall of the bus station, the M67 motorway travels past.
History.
In 2003 the new bus station was built by Sisk building contractors for £3.7 million.
Services.
There are several services that use Hyde Bus Station. The majority of services are run by Stagecoach Manchester with the remainder of services run by Checkmate Transport, First Greater Manchester, JPT and Stotts.
There are frequent buses running to Ashton-under-Lyne, Belle Vue, Denton, Dukinfield, Godley, Hattersley, Manchester and Stockport. Buses also run to Glossop, Marple, Mottram, Oldham and Stalybridge.
The bus services that use Hyde Bus Station are 201, 202, 204, 206, 207, 304, 330, 341, 342, 343, 344, 346, 387, 389.

</doc>
<doc id="30961789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961789" title="Works of fiction set in 2008">
Works of fiction set in 2008

The following fictional entities are based in the year 2008:
Computer and video games.
Set in 2008:
Film.
Set in 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="30961794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961794" title="Pietra (disambiguation)">
Pietra (disambiguation)

Pietra means "stone" in Italian language. It is also rarely used as a given name (feminine of Pietro, "Peter"), corresponding at almost to Petra. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30961801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961801" title="Carrier Strike Group Eleven 2004–09 operations">
Carrier Strike Group Eleven 2004–09 operations

Carrier Strike Group Eleven 2004–2009 operations included three overseas deployments to provide combat air support for Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan, as well as regional a special surge deployment during 2007 in accordance with the U.S. Navy's Fleet Response Plan when the Yokohama-based aircraft carrier underwent a yard overhaul. CSG 11 has also participated in several mult-lateral naval exercises, including Valiant Shield 2007, Malabar 07-2 with India, Key Resolve/Foal Eagle 2008 off Korea, and a major 2009 undersea warfare exercise (USWEX 09), as well as participation in Theater Security Cooperation activities with various regional naval forces.
Carrier Strike Group Eleven (CSG-11 or CARSTRKGRU 11) is one of six U.S. Navy carrier strike group currently assigned to the U.S. Pacific Fleet. The group is employed in a variety of roles, all of which involve gaining and maintaining sea control. CSG 11 is currently based at Naval Air Station North Island, and it typically deploys to the U.S. Seventh Fleet operating in the Western Pacific (WESTPAC) and the U.S. Fifth Fleet in the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf. The current flagship for CSG 11 is the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier .
2004 training and maintenance cycle.
The carrier "Nimitz" completed a successful Fleet Replacement Squadron Carrier Qualification five-day underway period, returning to NAS North Island 24 September 2004. During the underway period, "Nimitz"s Air Department assisted with 621 arrested landings to support the FRSCQ. The flight deck crew also conducted another 84 traps to support additional Landing Signal Officer (LSO) proficiency training, VX-23's lateral asymmetry testing, and pilot qualifications or re-qualifications. "Nimitz" had returned to full operational status after a six-month pierside Planned Incremental Availability, and it also had completed its Command Assessment of Readiness and Training – Phase II. "Nimitz" completed its Tailored Ship's Training Availabilities (TSTA) phases I, II and III, and Final Evaluation Period in preparation for its Composite Training Unit Exercise (COMPTUEX) certification training on 20 November 2004.
Carrier Strike Group Eleven (CSG 11) carried a virtual exercise between 26–27 October 2004. In early November 2004, CARSTRKGRU 11 trained together in actuality for the first time when "Nimitz", Carrier Air Wing 11, the cruiser "Princeton", and DESRON-23 destroyers and operated off the coast of southern Californioa prior to its COMPTUEX exercises. On 24 March 2005, CARSTRKGRU 11 completed its Joint Task Force Exercise (JTFEX) 05-03 certification training in preparation for its 2005 Western Pacific (WESTPAC) deployment.
2005 Operations.
2005 pre-deployment training exercises.
On 2 December 2004, CSG 11 underwent its Composite Unit Training Exercise (COMPUTEX) off the coast of southern California. It completed its two-week Joint Task Force Exercise (JTFEX), returning to Naval Station San Diego on 25 March 2005. CARSTRKGRU 11 subsequently conducted Fleet Replacement Squadron Carrier Qualifications off the coast of southern California in April.
2005 WESTPAC deployment.
Carrier Strike Group Eleven departed San Diego, California, on 7 May 2005 under the command of Rear Admiral Peter Daly. The group deployed to the Persian Gulf to carry out Maritime Security Operations in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. The patrols carried out by the group's warships aimed to deny international terrorists the use of the maritime environment. Carrier Strike Group Eleven returned home on 8 November 2005.
Fifth Fleet operations.
On 21 July 2005, the guided-missile cruiser USS "Princeton" responded to a radio call from an Iranian dhow, named "Hamid", that was dead in the water and in need of engineering assistance. A rescue-and-assistance team was dispatched to the "Hamid" where it was determined that the engine would not start due to corroded batteries that were low on power. The batteries were removed and brought back to "Princeton" for maintenance, cleaning, and recharging. The "Princeton" rescue team was able to restore the power on board "Hamid", restart the engines, and then provide minor medical assistance and fresh water to the dhow's crew.
2006 training and maintenance cycle.
The carrier "Nimitz" comducted its Inspection and Survey (INSURV) off the coast of southern California in January 2006, and the carrier subsequently conducted its Fleet Replacement Squadron Carrier Qualifications (FRS-CQ) exercises in February. Between 10–11 February 2006, "Nimtz" transferred munitions from the carrier and fast combat support ship in preparation for "Nimitz"s six-month Planned Incremental Availability (PIA) shipyard maintenance period. "Nimtz" underwent post-PIA sea trials in August.
On 2 November 2006, "Nimtz" completed its Tailored Ship's Training Availability (TSTA) exercises after more than 30 days underway at sea. "Nimtz" and CVW 11 underwent their Composite Training Unit Exercise (COMPTUEX) off the coast of southern California in December.
2007 Operations.
2007 pre-deployment exercises.
The carrier "Nimitz" completed its Fleet Replacement Squadron Carrier Qualifications (FRS-CQ) of the southern Californian coast, returning to Naval Air Station North Island on 15 February 2007. Carrier Strike Group Eleven underwent its Joint Task Force Exercise (JTFEX) off the southern Californian coast later that February.
2007 WESTPAC Deployment.
Carrier Strike Group Eleven (CARSTRKGRU 11) deployed from San Diego on 2 April 2007 was under the command of Rear Admiral John Terence Blake, and it arrived back to San Diego on 30 September 2007, completing its six-month deployment to the Western Pacific (WESTPAC) and Middle East.
Fifth Fleet operations.
CARSTRKGRU 11 joined the Carrier Strike Group Three, led by the , and relieved Carrier Strike Group Eight, led by the , that was currently operating in the Persian Gulf. The deployment continued the current U.S. Navy two-carrier presence in the U.S. Central Command area of responsibility, demonstrating the U.S. resolve to build regional security and bring long-term stability to the region. The strike group worked closely with regional allies to support Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom as well as to conduct Maritime Security Operations (MSO). CARSTRKGRU 11 entered the U.S. Fifth Fleet area of operations on 8 May 2007 and began conducting missions in support of Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF) in 11 May 2007. It also provided close airpower support and reconnaissance to the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan.
The destroyer "Higgins" played a critical role conducting Maritime Security Operations (MSO) in the Persian Gulf with its visit, board, search and seizure (VBSS) teams, conducting Interaction Patrols (IPATS) in which they distributed information on coalition aims and objectives to three Iraqi dhows. The VBSS teams also conducted security sweeps on board three Iraqi tugs and four super-tankers, thereby safeguarding the merchants in the region by deterring piracy and smuggling. Most notably, "Higgins" was the only ship in the CGS-1 to conduct a boarding of a tanker suspected of oil smuggling. After a thorough six-hour boarding, the VBSS team was able to clear the tanker, ensuring the safety and freedom of the high seas to merchants and traders in the area.
The cruiser "Princeton" served as the Air Defense Commander for Carrier Strike Group Eleven throughout its deployment in the Persian Gulf, providing close-in air defense, airspace awareness, and, if needed, acted as a ready platform for search and rescue (SAR) operations.
Valiant Shield 2007, Malabar 07-2, and CARAT 2007.
Between 7–14 August 2007, Carrier Strike Group Eleven (CARSTRKGRU 11) joined two other carrier strike groups, led by the and the , participating in the joint Exercise "Valiant Shield 2007", a multi-dimensional joint exercise off the coast of Guam with U.S forces. CARSTRKGRU 11 also joined the "Kitty Hawk"s strike group, and India's aircraft carrier in the Bay of Bengal for the multilateral Exercise "Malabar 07-2", an annual exercise to advance mutual maritime understanding and interoperability involving the navies ships from India, Australia, Japan, and Singapore.
The destroyer "Pinckney" participated in a Cooperation Afloat Readiness Training (CARAT) exercise with the Republic of Singapore Navy and three other U.S Navy ships. The bilateral force conducted air defense, anti-surface warfare, anti-subsurface warfare, and VBSS operations in the compressed waterspace of the South China Sea, validating current tactics, techniques and procedures and identifying areas for further development.
2007 sustainment training exercises.
The carrier "Nimitz" underwent a series of sustainment training exercises off the coast of southern California during December 2007.
2008 FRP surge deployment.
2008 WESTPAC deployment.
Carrier Strike Group Eleven (CARSTRKGRU 11) deployed from San Diego on 24 January 2008 under the Navy's fleet response plan (FRP) and will operate in the Western Pacific in support of U.S. commitments in the region while the forward-deployed undergoes scheduled maintenance in Yokosuka, Japan. CARSTRKGRU 11 returned to San Diego on 2 June 2008.
Seventh Fleet operations.
Carrier Strike Group Eleven entered the U.S. Seventh Fleet area of responsibility on 8 February 2008. CSG 11 commander Rear Admiral John Terence Blake, USN, noted:
Our goal is to maintain and strengthen our alliances and friendships in the region. Our deployment to the Western Pacific is a visible demonstration of the United States ongoing commitment to Japan and the other nations in the region. We also value our exceptionally strong relationship with the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force and this port visit is an opportunity for us to make new friends and renew old acquaintances.
On 9 February 2008, two Russian Tu-95 'Bear' bombers were detected by CSG 11 in the Western Pacific. Four F/A-18C Hornets intercepted the bombers south of "Nimitz". Two F/A-18s trailed one of the bombers, which buzzed the deck of the carrier twice, while the other two F/A-18s trailed another TU-95 circling about away from the carrier. Reportedly, there was no radio communication between the American and Russian aircraft. According to the Department of Defense, one of the two aircraft was said to have flown above "Nimitz" at an altitude of .
2009–2010 Operations.
2009 training and maintenance cycle.
On 16 January 2009, the "Nimitz" underwent flight deck certification following its six-month Planned Incremental Availability shipyard period. On 21 January 2009, "Nimitz" departed NAS North Island for its Fleet Replacement Squadron Carrier Qualifications off the coast of southern California.
In February, Carrier Strike Group Eleven underwent its Tailored Ship's Training Availability exercises off the coast of southern California, followed by additional FRS exercises in March. The strike group completed pre-deployment training with the completion of its Composite Training Unit Exercise in May 2009.
2009–2010 WESTPAC Deployment.
Carrier Strike Group Eleven (CARSTRKGRU 11) departed San Diego on 31 July 2009 on a regularly scheduled Western Pacific (WESTPAC) deployment under the commanded by Rear Admiral John W. Miller. On 11 September 2009, the U.S. Navy announced that the near-term carrier strike group deployment schedule would be changed to accommodate the delay in the return of the carrier from its current overhaul. This resulted in extending the current 2009–2010 WESTPAC deployment for Carrier Strike Group Eleven to eight months.
Several events highlighted the 2009 deployment of Carrier Strike Group Eleven. On 7 October 2009, a milestone was reached when an EA-6B Prowler, assigned to Tactical Electronic Attack Squadron 135 (VAQ-135), became the 100,000th aircraft to launch off Catapult Number 1 on board the "Nimitz". The successful launch was flown by Commander Vincent Johnson, the executive officer of VAQ-135. Also, on 16 Feb 2010, Captain Scott Conn, the CVW-11 deputy commander, became the 325th naval aviator to successfully complete 1,000th carrier-arrested landing (trap) when he landed his F/A-18F Super Hornet on board the "Nimitz".
Several prominent individuals paid visits to Carrier Strike Group Eleven during the deployment. General David H. Petraeus, US Army, the head of the U.S. Central Command flew on board the "Nimitz" to spend Thanksgiving Day 2009 on board the strike group flagship. On 6 January 2010, Admiral Gary Roughead, the Chief of Naval Operations, flew on board the "Nimitz" to present the Meritorious Unit Commendation to the flagship of Carrier Strike Group Eleven. The MUC recognized the "Nimitz" for its performance during two deployments separated by the first-ever carrier incremental availability, an intense 30-day maintenance period, followed by a 10-day sustainment exercise.
On 26 March 2010, Strike Group Eleven returned to their homeport after an eight-month deployment to the U.S. Fifth Fleet and Seventh Fleet areas of responsibility (AOR).
Fifth Fleet operations.
On 4 December 2009, Carrier Strike Group Eleven (CARSTRKGRU 11) began a five-month rotation to the northern Arabian Sea, providing close air support and reconnaissance to coalition forces in Afghanistan.
CVW-11's carrier-based aircraft provided 30 percent of the combat air support for Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF-A) during the four-month period that CARSTRKGRU 11 operated in the northern Aradbian Sea. An example of other air support provided by CVW-11 was E-2C Hawkeye aircraft assigned to Airborne Early Warning Squadron 117 (VAW-117) using their sophisticated radar and communication systems to frame the operational picture for all levels of command supporting Operation Enduring Freedom to synchronize and direct air crews over Afghanistan. Also, EA-6B Prowlers assigned to Electronic Attack Squadron 135 (VAQ-135) jammed electronic signals in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. In total, Carrier Air Wing 11 air crews flew more than 2,600 combat sorties in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan.
The other CARSTRKGRU 11 ships contributed to counter-piracy operations off the Horn of Africa, the protection of critical Iraqi infrastructure in the Persian Gulf, and other maritime security operations.

</doc>
<doc id="30961805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961805" title="Damn Fool">
Damn Fool

Damn Fool is the second studio album by Big Scoob, released on May 3, 2011. The first single and video released was "All I Kno Is Hood" while "Akka Damn Fool" was also released as a digital single. Big Scoob plans to shoot a video with Glasses Malone for the track "They Don't Want It". Guests on the album included Glasses Malone, Bumpy Knuckles, Krizz Kaliko, Tech N9ne and Jay Rock.

</doc>
<doc id="30961808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961808" title="North Bay-Mattawa Conservation Authority">
North Bay-Mattawa Conservation Authority

The North Bay-Mattawa Conservation Authority (NBMCA) is one of 36 conservation authorities in Ontario, Canada consisting of 16 Conservation Areas. 
It is responsible for conservation areas within North Bay, but also extending into the surrounding municipalities. In addition to Conservation Areas, the NBMCA has local jurisdiction in 4 program areas: environmental planning review & watershed management, on-site sewage inspection under the Ontario Building Code, environmental education, and source water protection.

</doc>
<doc id="30961812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961812" title="2011 in European music">
2011 in European music

The following is a list of notable events and releases that occurred in 2011 in mainland European music.

</doc>
<doc id="30961828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961828" title="Works of fiction set in 2007">
Works of fiction set in 2007

The following fictional entities are set in the year 2007:

</doc>
<doc id="30961849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961849" title="Alexa Canady">
Alexa Canady

Alexa Canady (born November 7, 1950) is a medical doctor specializing in neurosurgery. She is widely noted as the first African-American woman to become a neurosurgeon, which she did in 1981.
Early life and education.
Alexa Irene Canady was born in Lansing, Michigan to Elizabeth Hortense (Golden) Canady (former national president of Delta Sigma Theta sorority) and Dr. Clinton Canady, Jr., a dentist. She was nominated as a National Achievement Scholar in 1967.
Dr. Canady attended the University of Michigan where she pledged Delta Sigma Theta and received her B.S. degree in zoology in 1971. She later received her M.D. with cum laude honors from the University of Michigan Medical School in 1975. After that, she became a surgical intern at the Yale-New Haven Hospital from 1975 until 1976. She went on to become the first African American woman neurosurgery resident in the US when she began her residency at the University of Minnesota. She became Chief of Neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital of Michigan in 1987 until her retirement in 2001, specialising in congenital spinal abnormalities, hydrocephalus, trauma and brain tumors.
Canady was inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame in 1989. Canady received the American Medical Women’s Association President’s Award in 1993 and in 1994 the Distinguished Service Award from Wayne State University Medical School.
She has also been awarded three honorary degrees - doctor of humane letters honorary degrees from the University of Detroit-Mercy in 1997 and Roosevelt University in 2014, and a doctor of science from the University of Southern Connecticut in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="30961856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961856" title="Dinah Derycke">
Dinah Derycke

Dinah Derycke (1 April 1946 in Armentieres – 19 January 2002), was a French politician in the Socialist Party.
Biography.
Dinah Derycke first became an activist at the age of eighteen at the Northern Federation of the Socialist Party.
After earning a master's degree in public law and studying at the École nationale des impôts, she was appointed inspector of taxes for Roubaix in 1968. In the same year she joined the General Confederation of Labour (CGT). In 1982, she was appointed the regional delegate on the rights of women for Nord-Pas-de-Calais. her first elected position was as a regional councillor for Nord-Pas-de-Calais, and in 1989 as municipal councillor in Croix.
In 1991 she became a technical advisor to Michel Delebarre, then Minister of State for Planning and Municipalities, and the following year she was appointed external counsel to the Court of Audit (Cour des comptes). In 1995 she was elected to the municipal council at Lys-lez-Lannoy. Although she was the leading socilaist candidate in the 2001 mayoral election, she narrowly failed to unseat the incumbent, Daniel Chabasse, who obtained 55% of the vote. 
However she had become a Senator on 3 July 1997 (replacing Jacques Bialski following his resignation) and was elected on 23 September 2001. In 1998, she was elected Vice-President of the Senate Law Committee and draftsman of the justice budget. 
During her time as a senator she held many other posts, including Vice Chair of the "Commission des lois constitutionnelles, de législation, du suffrage universel, du règlement et d'administration générale" (Committee on Constitutional laws, legislation, suffrage, and general administration).
She is perhaps best known for presiding over the Delegation of Women's Rights inquiry into prostitution, in the Senate, whose final report (2001) bears her name. She was also temporarily assigned to the Ministry for Employment and Solidarity during this time.
Her career was cut short by a fatal illness in 2002. The Lycee at Villeneuve d'Ascq was named after her.
See also.
Prostitution in France

</doc>
<doc id="30961857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961857" title="Martha Eriksdotter">
Martha Eriksdotter

Martha Eriksdotter (Märta Bonde) is said to be the daughter to Erik X, King of Sweden. However, her existence has been doubted by some modern Swedish historians that think she was just made up by Charles VIII or his chroniclers to provide him with a more impressive background.
It's said that she was married to Nils Sixtensson Sparre, a Marshal in Sweden. Martha’s paternity and her marriage are recorded in the book "Anteckningar om svenska qvinnor" by PG Berg and Wilhelmina Stålberg, Page 274. The title of the book in English is: "Notes on Swedish women". (A biographical dictionary
from 1864, covering only Swedish women.) 
In Swedish the page reads: 
"Märtha, dotter af Erik X, som blef gift med Nils Sixtensson till Tofta, och, genom detta äktenskap, stammoder för Sparre- och Oxenstjerna-slägterna." 
English translation: 
"Martha, daughter of Erik X, who was married to Nils Sixtensson of Tofta, and, through this marriage a progenitress strain for the Sparre and Oxenstjerna-family's."
Children.
They together had 2 children,

</doc>
<doc id="30961866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961866" title="Works of fiction set in 2006">
Works of fiction set in 2006

The following fictional entities are set in the year 2006:

</doc>
<doc id="30961881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961881" title="Hidden Lake Winery">
Hidden Lake Winery

Hidden Lake Winery (pronounced: hɪˈdən leɪˈk waiˈnɚi) is one of the largest wineries in Southern Illinois and was opened to the public in 2005. It stretches across 92 acres of forest.
Hidden Lake Winery is located in Aviston, Illinois, although its address can be entered as any of three towns: Aviston, Germantown, or Trenton. It is one of the largest wineries in the state, both in area and in the number of people visiting. It is a major employer for the people of the local area, and is also a large source of commerce for the town.
Parts of the Winery.
Hidden Lake Winery is home to a small vineyard, a winery, two lakes, a banquet hall, a wine tasting, a restaurant, ten cabins, a pavilion, a sculpture garden, and a forest. The Cabins are listed as a "Bed and Breakfast", and include 8 deluxe cabins, and 2 honeymoon Cabins.
Wines.
Hidden Lake winery ferments some wines on-site, and imports some from major wineries in California, as well as other places.
History.
Pre-2004.
The area that the winery is built on, called "Silent Forest", is known by a popular story that a bootlegger produced whiskey in the area in the early 1900s. It is also known by local people as a good hunting area, for both game and mushrooms. It is illegal to hunt on private property without express permission of the owner.
2004-2005.
Dale Holbrook, the Winery's founder, purchased 92 acres of forest, on which was built a private residence and a small warehouse. Dale purchased an alcohol distribution license, and started Hidden Lake winery in mid-2004, making wine out of his warehouse. It was during this time that he also began building onto the warehouse. The winery was added onto it on June 1, 2005, and ever since it has been adding onto itself.
When the winery opened on June 1, 2005, It began with 82 acres of land, and the two story cedar building along with the original lake were already on the property. Within a month, over 40 weddings were already booked at the sprouting business. However, the winery still had to import grapes, as its vineyards were not mature enough to produce them on their own. Dale was very nervous about the winery's opening year, being an experienced etepreneur. "If it doesn't work out, this building will make a great church," Holbrook said, quite tongue-in-cheek. "There's plenty of wine right downstairs."
2006-2007.
In 2007, Hidden Lake Winery participated in the ART in the Park Festival in Belleville, IL.
In 2007, many major wineries in Southern Illinois formed a "wine trail", a group of wineries working together and advertising for each other in order to promote business for the area, called the Heartland Rivers Wine Trail. Hidden Lake Winery joined the wine trail that same year. "It's good for the local economy," said Holbrook, who added that other businesses are welcome to join the wine trail as associate members. In late August of that year, Hidden Lake Winery hosted the first Illinois Wine Festival. The two-day-long event featured vendors from businesses across the area, such as wineries, photographers and musicians. The event was a success, as the winery continued it, and it is now an annual event, although the winery is no longer a member of the trail.

</doc>
<doc id="30961904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961904" title="Works of fiction set in 2005">
Works of fiction set in 2005

The following fictional entities are based in the year 2005:

</doc>
<doc id="30961913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961913" title="The Hardest Day">
The Hardest Day

The Hardest Day was the name of a Second World War air battle fought during the Battle of Britain on 18 August 1940 between the German "Luftwaffe" and British Royal Air Force (RAF). 
By June 1940 the Allies had been defeated in Western Europe and Scandinavia. Rather than come to terms with Germany, Britain rejected all overtures for a negotiated peace resulting in Adolf Hitler issuing the German armed forces ("Wehrmacht") Directive No. 16 ordering the invasion of the United Kingdom.
The invasion of the United Kingdom was codenamed Operation Sea Lion ("Unternehmen Seelöwe") however before this could be carried out, air superiority or air supremacy was required. The "Luftwaffe" was to destroy the RAF in order to prevent it from attacking the invasion fleet or providing protection to the Royal Navy's Home Fleet that might attempt to intercept a landing by sea. Hitler ordered the "Luftwaffe's" commander-in-chief, "Reichsmarschall" (Empire's Marshal) Hermann Göring and the "Oberkommando der Luftwaffe" (High Command of the Air Force) to prepare for the assault.
The primary target was RAF Fighter Command: the destruction of which, would deny the British their air superiority asset. In July 1940, the Luftwaffe began military operations to destroy the RAF. Throughout July and early August the Germans targeted convoys in the English Channel and occasionally RAF airfields. On 13 August a major German effort, known as "Adlertag" (Eagle Day), was made against RAF airfields but failed. The failure did not deter the Germans from persisting with air raids against the RAF or its infrastructure.
On 18 August 1940 the Luftwaffe made an all-out effort to severely damage Fighter Command. The air battles that took place on this date were amongst the largest aerial engagements in history at that time. Both sides suffered very heavy losses. The British outperformed the Luftwaffe in the air, achieving a favourable ratio of 2:1. However, a number of RAF aircraft, including around six to eight fighters, were caught and destroyed on the ground, equalling the total losses of both sides. Further large aerial battles would take place, with heavy casualties being suffered, but both sides lost more aircraft combined on this day than at any other point during the campaign, including Battle of Britain Day, generally considered the climax of the campaign. For this reason, the air battles of the 18 August 1940 became known as "The Hardest Day".
Background.
The "Luftwaffe" was detailed to destroy Fighter Command before the planned invasion of Britain could take place. The "OKL" hoped that by destroying the British fighter force the British could be brought to terms by air power alone and the very risky Operation "Sea Lion" would not be needed. The enormous numerical superiority of British sea forces over their German opponents made a crossing of the Channel very dangerous, even under conditions of air superiority. Furthermore, the aircraft losses of the spring campaign had weakened the "Luftwaffe" before the Battle of Britain and it could not begin its campaign against Fighter Command immediately. The service was forced to wait until it had reached acceptable levels before a main assault against the RAF could be made in August 1940.
Until the "Luftwaffe" was ready to begin operations over the mainland, the first phase of the German air offensive targeted British shipping in the Channel. The raids rarely involved attacks against RAF airfields inland, but encouraged RAF units to engage in battle by attacking British Channel convoys. These operations would last from 10 July to 8 August 1940. The attacks against shipping were not very successful, and only 24,500 Grt was sunk. Mine laying from aircraft had proved more profitable, sinking 38,000 tons. The impact on Fighter Command was minimal. It had lost 74 fighter pilots killed or missing and 48 wounded in July but British strength rose to 1,429 by 3 August. By that date, it was only short of 124 pilots. Still, the attacks succeeded in forcing the British to abandon the Channel convoy route and to redirect shipping to ports in north-eastern Britain. With this achieved the "Luftwaffe" began the second phase of its air offensive, attacking RAF airfields and supporting structures on the British mainland.
The first major raid inland and against RAF airfields came on 12 August and the Luftwaffe quickly escalated its offensive. The Germans did not achieve a degree of success commensurate with their exertions on this date. Nevertheless, in the belief they were having considerable effect on Fighter Command, they prepared to launch their all-out assault on the RAF the following day. By 13 August, German air strength had reached acceptable levels. After bringing its serviceable rates up, the "Luftwaffe" carried out heavy attacks under the codename "Adlertag" (or Eagle Day) with 71 per cent of its bomber force, 85 per cent of its Bf 109 units, and 83 per cent of its Bf 110 units operational. The day went badly for the Germans, who failed to impair Fighter Command and its bases or command and control system. The failure was due in large part to poor intelligence which failed to identify Fighter Command airfields and distinguish them from Bomber and Coastal Commands. Still, the Germans pursued their strategy against Fighter Command on 15 August, suffering 76 losses. Undeterred, they prepared to make another large-scale attack on RAF bases on 18 August. The month of August would witness an escalation in air combat as the Germans made a concentrated effort against Fighter Command.
Luftwaffe plan.
Rationale.
German intelligence suggested that the RAF was down to just 300 serviceable fighters on 17 August 1940, taking into consideration German pilots' claims and their estimates of British production capabilities. In fact there were 855 machines serviceable with 289 at storage units and another 84 at training units. This gave a total of 1,438 fighters, twice as many as at the beginning of July 1940. Expecting weakening opposition, the "Luftwaffe" prepared for a major action against RAF Sector Stations on the 18 August.
The "Luftwaffes" plan of attack was simple. German bombers were to strike at the RAF airfields situated in the south-east corner of England. The most important airfields in this region, under the command of AOC (Air Officer Commanding) Keith Park and his No. 11 Group RAF, were the Sector Stations at RAF Kenley, Biggin Hill, Hornchurch, North Weald, Northolt, Tangmere and Debden. The first five were on the periphery of Greater London. Tangmere was in the south near the coast at Chichester; Debden was in the north near Saffron Walden. Each of these airfields housed two to three squadrons and had its own sector operations room. From there its fighters were directed from its satellite airfields into combat. There were six satellite airfields at Westhampnett, Croydon, Gravesend, Manston, Rochford and RAF Martlesham Heath; Manston and Martlesham Heath each housed two squadrons, the remainder each housed one. Finally, there was RAF Hawkinge, just inland from Folkestone. Not all of these airfields were targeted on 18 August.
Despite the failure of "Adlertag" and considerable loss rates on the 15, 16 and 17 August, Kesselring convinced Göring that the only sound strategy was to continue to send heavily escorted bombers to destroy British airfields. Kesselring also advocated the use of "Jagdgeschwader" (Fighter Wings) in free-chase tactics. Messerschmitt Bf 109 single-engine fighters were to be sent out in advance of the main raids to force the British fighter forces into large-scale air battles which, in theory, would destroy RAF aircraft in combat and deplete British defences. However, this time, Kesselring changed his operational methods. In consultation with Hugo Sperrle, commanding "Luftflotte 3" (Air Fleet 3), he chose not to scatter his effort against a large amount of targets. Instead, he narrowed down the targets into a short list in order to concentrate his strength and strike power against worthy targets. Sector stations RAF Kenley, North Weald, Hornchurch and Biggin Hill were the prime targets.
Targets.
The following targets were chosen for attack on 18 August 1940:
RAF defences.
Initial strategy and tactics.
Up to the late Spring of 1940, Fighter Command had been preparing to meet a possible air attack on the British Isles coming only from due east, from Germany itself; prior to the German victory in Western Europe. The possibility that France might fall and Britain would continue to fight on had not been considered. An air attack from Germany meant the "Luftwaffes" bombers would operate beyond the range of their fighters and be vulnerable to attack. If twin-engine fighters, such as the Messerschmitt Bf 110s were used, they would be fighting at the limits of their range.
It was also doubted that fast fighter aircraft could engage in dogfights. The g-force effect on the human body also seemed to suggest the prospect of air-to-air combat between fighters was impractical anyway. The threat they saw related only to the return-fire of the bomber's gunners. Before the war the effectiveness of return, or cross-fire, from bombers had been exaggerated by the Air Staff and Air Ministry.
This short-sighted belief had a detrimental impact on the tactical effectiveness of RAF Fighter Command until the summer, 1940. With German bombers perceived as the only prey, AOC Fighter Command Hugh Dowding and his planners devised a system and tactics which used unwieldy and tight fighter formations to bring the RAF fighters into combat with bombers, followed by set-piece tactics for the engagement. Because the bomber's return fire was considered so dangerous, fighter pilots were trained to open fire at long range, 300 to 400 yards, then break away without closing to short-range. These tactics, practised so thoroughly over the years, proved totally useless to the battle situation facing them over Britain in 1940.
The tactics were unsuitable for fighter-versus-fighter combat. Packed in tight formation, the RAF pilots were more concerned with keeping their position and not colliding with each other than they were keeping watch for the enemy. It made them vulnerable to surprise attacks by Bf 109s and Bf 110s. Even if the British fighters reached the bombers without interception, the chaos of modern aerial combat made it impossible to concentrate attacks with large, rigid formations. Pilots were also forced into paying far too much respect to the bomber's defensive capabilities. Attacks were broken off far too early and caused little damage to bombers. These tactical failures were evident during the battles in Belgium and France. Moreover, rushed training with pilots who were barely able to use the old tactical methods meant that airmen could not cope with much needed radical changes.
The V formation was developed in June, which made a greater emphasis on each pilot looking for the enemy, search capability and avoiding being taken by surprise. Still, it was inferior to German fighter tactics.
German fighter tactics were more flexible. In the Spanish Civil War, Werner Mölders developed a new system of fighter tactics. The primary deployment was to use large numbers of Bf 109s on free-hunting missions, or sweeps, over the battle area. Instead of flying the standard V formation, used by many air forces, the Germans paired their fighters into "Rotte". It consisted of two fighters; a pilot and his wingman 200 yards abreast. Flying this way meant each could cover the others blind spots. If an enemy made an attack, the other could move in behind it to protect the other "Rotte" member. The "Rotte" could be expanded into a "Schwarm" (Swarm or Flight). The formation was eventually given the name "Finger-four". It offered maximum protection and all members of a "Schwarm" were on the lookout for threats and targets.
C3: Command, communication and control.
At the operational level the British fighter defences proved to be far more sophisticated. The RAF defences were not just based on the combat power of Fighter Command. Just as important as the "teeth" of the defence was the "eyes and ears" - its nervous system which carried intelligence and information between them to position the "teeth" to strike.
By the summer, 1940, the Chain Home radar stations along the English and Scottish coasts was able to track incoming aircraft from continental Europe at all but the lowest altitudes. The best detection altitude was 20,000 feet. Aircraft at this height could be detected over 100 miles away. To assess their identity, IFF (Identification Friend or Foe) could, by means of a distinctive blip on radar screens, distinguish German and British aircraft.
The radar technology was not flawless. It struggled to gauge heights of incoming formations above 25,000 feet and could not measure their numerical strength. It could also take several minutes to assess the line of advance for aircraft on a zigzag course. Moreover, the radar looked out to sea and was unable to track aircraft overland. That was the job of the Royal Observer Corps. Tens of thousands of volunteers, the length and breadth of Britain tracked the German formations over land. They were connected to Sector airfields by landline and could communicate intelligence in real time.
The detection and interception of incoming raids was as follows:
Anti-aircraft defences.
A number of unusual defence mechanisms were used at RAF bases on 18 August 1940. Among the more conventional was the anti-aircraft artillery piece. The three main types in service were the 4.5 inch, 3.7 inch and 3 inch batteries. The first two were modern and effective over 26,000 feet. The last was a First World War vintage weapon and was effective only to 14,000 feet. Usually batteries were sited in fours, with a range-finder and predictor which measured the speed and height of the aircraft while taking into account the time the shell took to reach that patch of sky, thus calculating when to detonate the fuse in the shell. As with most artillery, when firing at aircraft, the higher the shell travelled the less effective it became. A shell fired to 5,000 feet would only be half as effective at 10,000 feet and a quarter as accurate at 15,000 feet. The German bombers usually tried to fly around heavy concentrations and if forced to fly through them, chose to fly at heights of around 15,000 feet.
Most of the heavy artillery defences were located around London and the Thames Estuary. Others concentrated around Dover, Folkestone, Harwich, Ipswich, Portsmouth and Southampton docks.
For low-level defence the Bofors 40 mm was used which had a rate of fire around 120 rounds a minute. The two pound shells were highly effective against low flying aircraft, capable of blowing a hole big enough for a man to fit through. However, there were only a few to go around. More than twice as many were needed to protect RAF Kenley and Biggin Hill. To make up the difference 3 inch guns, firing over open sights from 1918 were used. They could fire only 15 rounds per minute.
However there was an unusual defence weapon that had been designed for use at Kenley on 18 August; the parachute-and-cable. On the north side of the airfield at 60-foot intervals they were fired vertically upwards by a rocket in salvoes of nine or more. As enemy aircraft came in at low-altitude the parachute device deployed and held a 480-foot long steel cable from an altitude of 600 feet. An enemy aircraft would hopefully fly through it. If it struck, the second parachute deployed and the unfortunate victim was left towing away the contraption. If the cable was picked up on the wing, there was a good chance that the aircraft would go down out of control. This device had not been used before 18 August 1940. To support them, Barrage balloons with cutting cables capable of tearing off bombers' wings were also used.
Lunchtime engagement.
German build-up.
The morning weather was clear and sunny making ideal flying conditions. At his Headquarters in Brussels, Albert Kesselring commanding "Luftflotte 2" (Air Fleet 2) directed the "Geschwader" (Wings) under his command to carry out attacks on targets Nos. 1017 and 10118 in the Luftwaffe catalogue; Biggin Hill and Kenley. Biggin Hill was handed over to KG 1 which was to send 60 Heinkel He 111s from its base in Amiens to conduct a high-level attack. RAF Kenley was the responsibility of KG 76 based in airfields to the north of Paris. The "Kampfgeschwader" (Bomber Wing) consisted of a mixed formation of 48 Dornier Do 17s and Junkers Ju 88s. The force attacking Kenley was smaller numerically than the one hitting Biggin Hill and the Ju 88 and Do 17 carried only two-thirds the bomb-load of a He 111. The planners reasoned a more accurate low-level strike carried out by a "staffel" from KG 76 would compensate for the weaker firepower of KG 76s main formations. Fighter escort was provided by "Jagdgeschwader 3" (JG 3), "Jagdgeschwader 26" (JG 26), "Jagdgeschwader 51" (JG 51), "Jagdgeschwader 52" (JG 52), "Jagdgeschwader 54" (JG 54) and "Zerstörergeschwader 26" (ZG 26). The "Jagdgeschwader" would carry out free-hunting and close escort from bases in the Pas-de-Calais.
Both of these airfields contained Sector Operations rooms from which the British fighters were directed into action. These airfields were selected by the Luftwaffe because they were the largest ones known to be operating RAF fighters. The German intelligence had no knowledge of the Sector Operations rooms there. The rooms were above ground and had little protection. If those poorly protected buildings could be hit, and those inside killed or wounded, it would be a serious blow to the control system in the region.
At their airfield at Cormeilles-en-Vexin, "9 Staffel" (Squadron) KG 76 were briefed by their commander "Hauptmann" (Captain) Joachim Roth. The "Staffel" was to conduct a low-level attack against Kenley with Roth flying as a navigator in the lead aircraft. The unit had specialised in low-level attacks in France with great success. The nine Do 17s were to head across the Channel and make landfall at Beachy Head. From there they were to follow the Brighton-London rail line north-east to the target area. The crews were ordered to concentrate their attacks against buildings and hangars on the southern end of the airfield.
The Dorniers were to carry twenty 110-lb bombs each fitted with a fuse that would allow for function if released from 50 feet or higher; the type of bomb previously used by the "Staffel" had to release from twice this height, making the unit's Do 17s correspondingly more vulnerable to ground fire.
The attack was to be part of a coordinated pincer movement against the airfields. Ju 88s from II./KG 76 were to dive-bomb buildings and hangars from high-altitude first. Five minutes later, 27 Do 17s from I. and II./KG 76 would level-bomb from high altitude to crater the runways and landing grounds while knocking out its defences. "9 Staffel" KG 76, the specialist low-level strike unit, would go in and finish off any buildings still standing. It was a bold and imaginative plan. If it worked, it would wreck Kenley from end-to-end. The high-flying bombers would have full fighter escort but the low-flying bombers would have to use stealth to avoid interception to and from the target area. The operation began at 09:00 but was postponed because of heavy haze reducing visibility up to 4,000 feet.
In the intermediate time, a few skirmishes took place between RAF fighters and German reconnaissance aircraft. A "Lehrgeschwader 2" (LG 2) Bf 110 was shot down in the morning. At 11:00 KG 1's formations took off and the main formations headed out to sea. The form-up was more difficult for KG 76 and its Do 17s and Ju 88s. Their bases in and around Calais were covered in 8/10ths cloud cover with a base of 6,500 feet which reached to 10,000 feet. As the bombers climbed through the haze the formation soon lost cohesion. Valuable time was lost as they reformed. Unfortunately the Do 17s of I. and III./KG 76 had overtaken the III./KG 76 Ju 88s which should have been ahead of them by five minutes. These delay would have serious consequences for "9 Staffel" KG 76.
Meanwhile Gerhard Schöpfel, leading III./JG 26 and Bf 109s from JG 3, 40 in total, were already crossing the Dover straights to sweep the skies clear of the main raid. Some 25 miles behind him were the 27 Do 17s of I. and III./KG 76 escorted by 20 Bf 110s that were to strike Kenley. Close by the Dorniers were the Ju 88s of III./KG 76 escorted by Bf 109s from JG 51. This formation should have been 15 miles in front. Some 15 miles to the rear of the Ju88s, KG 1's He 111s were bound for Biggin Hill, escorted by 40 Bf 109s from JG 54. The formations were moving at around three miles per minute, at 12,000 feet. Around 50 miles to the south-west, the nine Do 17s of "9 Staffel" were at wave-top height, half way between Dieppe, Seine-Maritime and Beachy Head, intent on sneaking under British radar beams unobserved. Altogether, the raiding force contained 108 bombers and 150 fighters.
British scramble.
The British followed the main raids and were aware of all the approaching aircraft, save for the low-altitude "9 Staffel". The radar station near Dover began reporting a build-up over the Pas-de-Calais area. This activity increased until 12:45 when six separate concentrations were reported. The plotters estimated the strength of the force as 350 aircraft, one-third more than the actual size.
At RAF Uxbridge, AOC No. 11 Group RAF Keith Park and his controllers directed No. 501 Squadron RAF and its 12 Hawker Hurricanes, already in the air, to Canterbury at 20,000 feet. They had been on their way back to RAF Gravesend having spent most of the morning on patrol operating from RAF Hawkinge near Folkestone. Within minutes eight more Squadrons were dispatched to meet them; two from Kenley, two from Biggin Hill and one each from North Weald, Martlesham, Heath, Manston and Rochford.
Within a short time the fighters assigned to engage were all airborne. Five Squadrons; No. 17, No. 54, No. 56, No. 65, and 501 with 17 Supermarine Spitfires and 36 Hurricanes were moving to patrol the Canterbury-Margate line to block any attack on the Thames Estuary ports of the airfields to the north of it. Four Squadrons; No. 32, No. 64, No. 601, and No. 615, with 23 Spitfires and 27 Hurricanes went into position above Kenley and Biggin Hill. A total of 97 RAF fighters were to meet the attack.
Park did not send all of his forces aloft, and he held a reserve. Three Squadrons at RAF Tangmere were kept and made ready to meet more attacks from the south. Six more were in reserve to meet a possible follow-up to the coming raid.
"9 Staffel" KG 76 attacks Kenley.
As the advance led by Gerhard Schöpfel made their way past the coast it spotted the vic-formation of RAF fighters. They were Hurricanes of 501 Squadron which were conducting wide spirals to gain height. Schöpfel bounced them and shot down four in two minutes killing one pilot and wounding three others. As he departed other members of his "Geschwader" (Wing) dived on the Squadron and an inconclusive dogfight ensued. Schöpfel's victims were Donald McKay and Pilot Officers J.W Bland, Kenneth Lee and F. Kozlowski. Bland was the only one killed.
Both the Do 17s and Ju 88s of the III./KG 76 were engaged by AAA defences as they crossed Dover. The Do 17s were escorted by ZG 26 while III./JG 51 led by Hannes Trautloft escorted the Ju 88s. Trautloft remarked on the impressive numerical strength of the German formations. Fortunately the German bombers had flown too far east of Canterbury and thus avoided the main concentration of fighters on the Canterbury-Margate line. At 13:01 they passed over Ashford and had a clear 40 mile run before they reached Biggin Hill and its four defending Squadrons.
As "9 Staffel" crossed the coast they were fired at by Royal Navy patrol boats. The machine gun fire was ineffective. However, the Royal Observer Corps Post K3, situated on top of Beach Head, spotted the Dorniers. They immediately telephoned a warning to Observer Group Headquarters at Horsham and fighter sector stations in the area, including RAF Kenley. Wing Commander Thomas Prickman, the station commander at Kenley, noticed the low-flying Dornier plot appear on his situation map. They appeared to be heading away towards the west, and was unsure of their target. His controllers were organising Nos. 64 and 615 Squadrons to meet the high-altitude raid. Roth headed past Lewes until he picked up the rail line, Brighton-London. He then turned north-west.
With the Observer Corps passing a steady stream of reports regarding approaching German formations they soon realised a coordinated attack was underway. The two Squadrons approaching the high-altitude attack could not be diverted and no fighters had been asked to engage the "9 Staffel". The only Squadron on the ground in the area was No. 111 Squadron RAF that had 12 Hurricanes at RAF Croydon. Although usually the responsibility of Park, the controllers took the matter into their own hands and ordered all aircraft into the air. Even those that were not in combat condition were flown north-east, to avoid them being caught on the ground.
No. 111 Squadron managed to get into position above Kenley at 3,000 feet. With luck they could intercept "9 Staffel". Biggin Hill soon took the same precaution of ordering all fighters into the air by order of Group Captain Richard Grice. At 13:10 the German bombers were within 40 miles of the BBC high-power transmitter at Hatfield, Hertfordshire. In accordance with policy, it was shut down to deny the Germans the opportunity to use it as direction-finding beacon and the BBC Home Service was kicked off air in the process. Using the railway lines, Roth, in the lead Do 17, homed in on Kenley from the south. They were now just six miles away.
Joachim Roth's low-level navigation had been extremely accurate. He had navigated his unit to within two minutes flying time from the target without interception, over unfamiliar enemy territory, on time and exactly on the planned route. But as the Dorniers neared the airfield they noticed that there was no smoke, or signs of damage. They expected to be polishing off a damaged fighter station. As the Germans burst over the airfield the air was suddenly filled with tracer rounds as the Dornier's gunners engaged the Bofors and British AAA defences.
Some of No. 111 Squadron dived onto the Dorniers, but one Hurricane was shot down, either by the Dorniers or British ground fire. Pilot Flight Lieutenant Stanley Connors was killed. The rest pulled up and away to avoid friendly fire. They flew to the northern edge of the airfield to catch the raiders as they emerged. Two Hurricanes from No. 615 were taking off under the attack.
Within minutes all the Dorniers had been hit. "Feldwebel" Johannes Petersen's Do 17 was flying higher than the others. It was hit, and caught fire, but carried on. Günter Unger lined up his Do 17 in order to attack a hangar and released his 20 110-lb bombs before his starboard engine was knocked out. "Unteroffizier" (Junior Officer or NCO) Schumacher watched as three hangars were destroyed by Unger’s bombs. Unger’s Dornier was then was hit by something. It bled black smoke and lost speed. Unger was engaged by No. 111s Harry Newton. Newton was shot down by accurate return fire and bailed out. However, Newton fired a burst of machine gun fire at the Dornier in frustration before leaving the Hurricane. He damaged the Dornier, but Unger flew on. "Oberleutnant" (First Lieutenant) Hermann Magin was lining up a hangar when he was hit and slumped over. The quick reactions of the navigator, 28 year old Wilhelm-Friedrich Illg, saved the crew. He took control and climbed out of the defensive fire before ordering the crew to abandon the aircraft.
As the bombers worked over the airfield, Aircraftman D. Roberts waited for them on the northern boundary with his Parachute-and-cable launchers. Three Do 17s were heading towards him, climbing slowly. When they were in range he fired the cables. Nine rockets flew upwards. Wilhelm Raab saw the rockets go up. Although he did not understand what they were, he banked the Do 17 to avoid the lines of smoke that may or may not have concealed something. Because the Dornier banked, one of the cables that hit his bomber slid off the wing before the lower parachute had time to deploy. Pilot Petersen's Dornier was not that lucky. Already on fire it ran into the cable which dragged it out of the sky. The Do 17 crashed killing all five crewmen. "Oberleutnant" Rudolf Lamberty (carrying Joachim Roth) also managed to avoid a collision, but before he could do so fire hit his Dornier destroying the fuel tanks. The bomber caught fire and he was barely able to keep control. Eventually it crash-landed at Leaves Green in Kent after being shot down by No. 111 Squadron Hurricanes. Roth was killed, but Lamberty survived with burns.
Of the bombers that evaded the defences and No. 111 Squadron, two ditched into the sea and two more crash-landed in France. The German crew was picked up by "Kriegsmarine" ships. Out of the nine Do 17s, four were lost, two damaged in crash landings and all were at least damaged. Wilhelm-Friedrich Illg was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for helping the wounded pilot Hermann Magin guide his Do 17 back home. Magin died of wounds soon after.
For their efforts, "9 Staffel" destroyed at least three hangars, hit several other buildings and destroyed eight Hurricanes on the ground. According to other sources, 10 hangars were destroyed, six damaged, the operations room put out of action, and many buildings were destroyed. It would have been worse had the bombs been released higher. A lot of bombs landed horizontally and did not explode on impact. To achieve this level of damage, KG 76 dropped nine tons of bombs. At the end of the day just one hangar was left operational at Kenley. The low-level raid put the airfield out of commission for two hours. In combat, two Hurricanes were shot down by the Dornier's return fire. In return "9 Staffel" lost four Do 17s, three slightly damaged and two seriously damaged. Low-level attacks were abandoned after "The Hardest Day".
KG 1 and KG 76 hit Kenley, Biggin Hill and West Malling.
Nos. 610, 615 and 32 Squadrons were guarding the air space near Biggin Hill. Operating at about 25,000 feet they were waiting for the high-altitude force to reach the area. Unfortunately, the German escort fighters had climbed much higher and they were taken by surprise. JG 3's Bf 109s had been flying extended cover for the 12 Ju 88s and 27 Do 17s of KG 76. They spotted No. 615 below them and bounced the RAF fighters. "Oberleutnant" Lothar Keller and "Leutnants" Helmut Meckel and Helmut Landry each destroyed a Hurricane. While 615 had taken grievous losses, it had served an important purpose by keeping the escorting German fighters busy. While they engaged JG 3, Squadron Leader Michael Crossley led No. 32 Squadron against I. and III./KG 76 bombers without having to worry about enemy fighter aircraft.
ZG 26's Bf 110s were flying near the formation, and tried to offer JG 3 support by intercepting Crossley's fighters but failed. Crossley led a head-on attack and downed one Do 17 while his squadron damaged several others. So close had the RAF fighters pressed home their attacks that the bombers had to move and jink to avoid their fire. It put the bomb-aimers off their aim. The Dorniers were already too close to their targets and the pilots could not realign before the formation was over and passed the aiming point. Having been thwarted from bombing their official targets they aimed for rail tracks to the north and east of the airfield. Some of the unit targeted RAF Croydon, three miles north-west of Biggin Hill. Others turned around without releasing their bombs. The crews that bombed the rail lines found they were a difficult target to hit at 15,000 feet. Some released their bombs at intervals in the hope of hitting their targets, however some bombs fell on residential property.
Crossley attempted a second pass on the bombers soon after. This time, the Bf 110s succeeded in getting in between the bombers and 32 Squadron. One Bf 110 was damaged while their gunners shot down and wounded Flight Lieutenant 'Humph' Russell. Seconds later, No. 64 Squadron's eight Spitfires turned up, led by Squadron Leader Donald MacDonell. They dived on the Dorniers from high-altitude. Some of the Squadron, including Squadron Leader MacDonell, attacked the Bf 110s, believing them to be Dorniers. MacDonell damaged a Bf 110 flown by Ruediger. Proske crash-landed and was taken prisoner. Several confusing dogfights broke out and lasted for some time.
The Ju 88s arrived over the target at Kenley to find a smoke pall hanging over the target. It was impossible to begin dive-bombing attacks under those conditions. Given the amount of damage to Kenley, it also seemed unnecessary to the bomber crews. As they were deciding what action to take, they were attacked. The Bf 109s led by Hannes Trautloft had a difficult job of defending the Ju 88s. After passing Biggin Hill on their way to RAF West Malling British AAA fire began targeting the formation. One Ju 88 was hit, and Trautloft gave it special protection. As he manoeuvred himself into position, the formation was jumped by Spitfires and Hurricanes. One Ju 88 was lost to 32 Squadron's Pilot Officer Bolesław Własnowolski. As they attack began, the Ju 88s turned to West Malling, and began dive-bombing attacks as an alternate target.
KG 1, meanwhile, had a clear run to its target. The battles with KG 76 had drawn in four of the five RAF Squadrons. Still, the British sent No. 615 Squadron and its 15 Spitfires to deal with KG 1. They were confronted with a large number of Bf 109s from JG 54, escorting the He 111s. The German fighters successfully defended their charges and the RAF fighters could not break through to the bombers, which were flying in stepped-up waves from 12 to 15,000 feet. Most of the German bomber crews noted the absence of fighter opposition and speculated that the RAF might be at the end of its tether. Most of the personnel at Biggin Hill had time to take cover before the bombers arrived. KG 1 lost only one He 111 and one another damaged but failed to damage Biggin Hill. It is likely the losses sustained by KG 1 were inflicted by Spitfires from No. 65 Squadron RAF which stumbled across of their He 111s while 615 and JG 54 were locked in combat.
Thus far, the German fighters had performed well, but now it came to the most difficult part of the operation: withdrawing under attack. The German fighters were low on fuel and could only do so much to protect the bombers. Damaged stragglers lagged behind the main bomber streams and were easy prey for RAF fighters if they could be found. The four German raiding formations were all heading in different directions by 13:30: "9 Staffel" were well clear to the south, heading back over Beachy Head; KG 1 were completing their bomb run while the Spitfires of 610 were being held at arms length by JG 54 Bf 109s; the Ju 88s of KG 76 had attacked West Malling and their escorts were battling Nos. 32, 64, 501 and 615 Squadrons. The Dorniers were heading home under attack by elements of 32, 64 and 615 Squadrons. However, further to the east, Nos. 1, 17, 54, 56 and 266 Squadrons totalling 23 Spitfires and 36 Hurricanes were moving in to meet the main formations during their withdrawal.
RAF controllers faced difficulties of their own. Thickening haze made it impossible for the Observer Corps to plot the route of German formations. A concentrated force of RAF fighters, should it be able to engage the main formations, might be able to inflict serious damage. However, the haze might enable the Germans to slip by and leave the concentrated force of RAF fighters near Canterbury striking at thin air. Instead of adopting an "all or nothing" approach, Park ordered the fighters to spread out and engage singly if needed.
Park's plan paid dividends. Bf 110s from ZG 26 were soon discovered by No. 56 Squadron and quickly found themselves under attack. In the short and sharp engagement, ZG 26 lost five Bf 110s and another damaged to No. 56 Squadron. Worse was follow when No. 54 and 501 engaged the Messerschmitts. ZG 26 lost a further two shot down and two damaged to No. 54 Squadron. None of the RAF Squadrons reported any losses in these engagements. The "Geschwader" would lose other machines to No. 151 and No. 46 Squadrons who arrived to join the battle. According to one source, the total losses of ZG 26 amounted to 12 destroyed and seven damaged throughout the entire day. Another source gives a list of 15 Bf 110s written off; 13 destroyed, two written off and six damaged on 18 August 1940. Whatever the actual losses, "The Hardest Day" marked the start of a decline in Bf 110 operations. Production was not keeping pace with losses, and there simply were not enough aircraft to go around.
No. 266 Squadron was the last unit to trade shots with German formations. During the battles five Bf 109s were destroyed; two from JG 26 and three from JG 3. A further three Bf 109s were 60, 70 and 80 percent damaged. Four German pilots were killed, one wounded, one captured and one missing. One made it back to base where the crippled fighter crash-landed. One JG 3 and one JG 26 Bf 109s fell to Spitfires of 266 Squadron. Three fell to Spitfires of No. 54 Squadron. Bomber losses amounted to eight destroyed and ten damaged; including five Do 17s and two Ju 88s destroyed from KG 76 and one KG 1 He 111 lost.
The British suffered casualties as well. No. 17 Squadron lost one Hurricane and one pilot killed. No. 32 Squadron suffered the loss of one Hurricane destroyed; No. 65 Squadron lost one Hurricane shot down and one pilot missing. No. 111 Squadron lost one Hurricane destroyed on the ground and one damaged on the ground and three shot down in aerial combat, but all pilots survived. No. 501 Squadron suffered heavy losses amounting to five Hurricanes destroyed, two pilots killed, one seriously wounded. No. 601 lost two Hurricanes and both pilots killed while No. 602 Squadron lost three Spitfires and one damaged with one pilot wounded. No. 615 Squadron also took crippling casualties. It lost three Hurricanes with one pilot killed and another wounded. However, a further six of their Hurricanes were destroyed in the Kenley raid by "9 Staffel"./KG 76. The casualties of 615 have been challenged by another source which indicates 615 Squadron lost only three on the ground at Kenley (P3158, P3487, R4186).
The main battle was over, but more combats took place as Kesselring sent in even more Bf 109s to support the withdrawing bombers. "Jagdgeschwader 2" (JG 2) and "Jagdgeschwader 27" (JG 27) engaged RAF fighters near the Isle of Wight as the bombers left British air space. II./JG 2 lost one Bf 109 destroyed and another damaged in battle with Hurricanes from No. 601 Squadron, suffering one pilot missing and the other wounded. JG 27 lost six Bf 109s (three each from I. and II./JG 27) in action against No. 85 Squadron RAF. Three pilots were killed, two were posted missing presumed dead and the other was picked up in the Channel by a Heinkel He 59 air-sea rescue aircraft.
Large-scale Ju 87 operations.
German build up.
Hugo Sperrle's "Luftflotte 3" ordered his dive bomber units to begin operations against the radar stations and airfields on the southern coast of Britain. The targets on the afternoon of 18 August were RAF Ford, RAF Thorney Island and Gosport, all belonging to the Fleet Air Arm or Coastal Command. Included in the target selection was the radar station at Poling, West Sussex, near Littlehampton.
Reconnaissance by Junkers Ju 86 aircraft had identified the airfields as fighter bases. The high altitude and poor resolution of the photographs meant the aircraft on the ground could not be identified properly and the Germans mistakenly believed them to be fighter fields. In fact, none of the airfields belonged to Fighter Command. Gosport housed a torpedo development unit, Thorney Island housed No. 59 Squadron RAF and No. 235 Squadron RAF with Bristol Blenheim's assigned to RAF Coastal Command. Ford was a naval air station and housed No. 829 Squadron Fleet Air Arm which was working up with Fairey Albacore aircraft at the time. These targets were given to "Sturzkampfgeschwader 77" (StG 77 or Dive Bombing Wing 77). The "Geschwader" committed 109 Junkers Ju 87 "Stuka" dive-bombers to the raid. It was the largest concentration of Ju 87s to operate over Britain to date.
I./StG 77 were to strike at Thorney Island with 28 Ju 87s; 28 II./StG 77 were assigned to Ford; and 31 III./StG 77 Ju 87s were to destroy Poling radar station. A fourth unit, "Sturzkampfgeschwader 3" (StG 3 or Dive Bombing Wing 3), sent 22 Ju 87s to attack Gosport. The dive-bombers were supported by 157 Bf 109s; 70 from JG 27; 32 from JG 53 acting as close escort; and 55 from JG 2 which was to sweep the Portsmouth area in advance of the main raid independently. The Ju 87s were based around Caen, too far away for the attacks. So in the morning the "Stukas" were moved into closer airfields around Cherbourg, right on the Channel coast. There, fuel tanks were filled, bombs loaded, and crews given a final briefing.
At 13:29 the first Ju 87s took off. By 13:45 all were in formation and beginning the 85-mile trip. "Major" Helmut Bode led III./StG 77 to Poling. He knew nothing of the technicalities of his target. Behind him was "Hauptmann" Alfons Orthofer's II./StG 77 bound for Ford. After them, "Hauptmann" Herbert Meisel's III "Gruppe" was heading on the left of the formation for Thorney Island. "Hauptmann" Walter Seigel's I./StG 3 headed for Gosport on the extreme left. Each Ju 87 was loaded with 550-lb bombs under the main fuselage and four 11-lb bombs and two under each wing. The Bf 109s would not take off for some time. The long trip and low speed of the Ju 87s meant there was plenty of time to catch up without burning fuel keeping close contact with the "Stukas".
British scramble.
At 13:59, Poling radar station picked up the German formations and reported them as 80-strong. Smaller forces ranging from 9 to 20-plus represented the German fighters moving up behind it. The British estimated the Luftwaffe attack force to be 150-aircraft strong. It was an underestimation by half. No. 10 Group RAF and No. 11 Group alerted their units from their operations rooms at Uxbridge and Box in Wiltshire. No. 10 and 11 Groups dispatched more Squadrons to support the already airborne 11 Hurricanes from No. 601 Squadron. 10 Group dispatched one Squadron each from RAF Middle Wallop, RAF Exeter and RAF Warmwell, and one each from No. 11's RAF Tangmere and RAF Westhampnett. The RAF order of battle included; nine Hurricanes of No. 43 Squadron RAF, led by Squadron Leader Frank Reginald Carey patrolling Thorney Island; No. 602 Squadron RAF protected Westhampnett with 12 Spitfires; No. 152 Squadron RAF and 11 Spitfires patrolled Portsmouth air space; No. 234 Squadron RAF with 11 Spitfires over the Isles of Wight to engage the attackers; No. 213 Squadron RAF with 12 Hurricanes which were to move 80 miles eastward from Exeterand patrol St. Catherine's Point. Finally, No. 609 Squadron RAF and 12 Spitfires remained in reserve around Middle Wallop to meet any unexpected German moves.
Having lost all of its Bristol Blenheim night fighters in the raid of 16 August, Tangmere dispatched two Hurricanes from the Fighter Interception Unit (FIU) fitted with FIU airborne radar to test the device in action. RAF Coastal Command also joined in, and committed No. 235 Squadron RAF and its Bristol Blenheim's. The defence was reliant on the 68 Spitfires and Hurricanes. The numerical standing meant a ratio of one RAF fighter to every four German fighters and bombers, or in other words, one British aircraft to every two German fighters. Even had the fighter controllers realised the strength of the raid, there was little that could be done. Other fighters were refuelling and rearming after the attacks on Kenley and Biggin Hill and would not be available.
During the British scramble, Bf 109s from JG 52 which were part of a pre-raid sweep, chanced upon RAF fighters out in the open at RAF Manston. Twelve Bf 109s from "2 Staffel" II./JG 52, led by "Hauptmann" Wolfgang Ewald attacked while the British fighters were refuelling. After two passes, the Germans claimed 10 fighters and three Blenheims destroyed. In fact, just two No. 266 Squadron RAF Spitfires were destroyed with another six Hurricanes damaged but repairable. A single Hurricane was also destroyed.
Ju 87s attack unopposed.
As the Ju 87s reached the coast, the respective groups split off and headed for their assigned targets. By this time, some 15 miles off the Isle of Wight, the Bf 109s had caught up and were now zigzagging around the dive-bombers. Bode led III./StG 77 to attack from the North West, dead into wind in order to bomb accurately. Usually the Ju 87s attacked in line astern, but Bode chose to attack in groups of three to split the AAA fire. To keep the enemy's heads down, he fired his machine guns in an 80-degree dive. He soon left an altitude of 13,000 feet, releasing his bombs and pulling out at 2,275 feet. The rest of his unit followed.
Poling took severe punishment from very accurate bombing. Since Ventnor radar station had been knocked out already, this attack demonstrated that an attack on Fighter Command's command, communication and control system was possible. Emergency equipment had been installed on the site in case of a breakdown, but the information and reading of the radar was significantly less reliable. In fact, Poling was so badly damaged it was out of action for the rest of August. Fortunately, the CH chain had a mobile radar station at the Isle of Wight to fill in for it. Another was due to be set up near Poling anyway, so the chain remained unaffected. The damage done to Kenley and Poling were no more than inconveniences to Park and Dowding. Only one WAAF member, Avis Parsons, was studying the plots at Poling up until the attack. She was awarded the Military Medal for her actions on 5 September 1940.
As Bode was in action at Poling, Alfons Orthofer's unit attacked Ford. There were only six Lewis machine guns manned at Ford and the Ju 87s were able to attack with complete confidence. Bombs rained down on huts, hangars, building and amongst aircraft drawn up together for maintenance. Early on bombs struck the field's oil tanks and storage compounds causing an enormous blaze which contributed to the crippling damage on the airfield. Gosport also came under attack soon after. Siegel's Ju 87s, with no air opposition, swooped onto their targets causing large-scale damage.
As the Ju 87s began their attack, Spitfires from No. 234 Squadron engaged the 25-strong Bf 109 escort commanded by "Hauptmann" Karl-Wolfgang Redlich. I./JG 27s commander, "Gruppenkommandeur" (Group Commander) Eduard Neumann heard the battle developing, but communications were poor and he decided to let Redlich, one of his most experienced "Staffelkapitän" (Squadron Leaders) fight alone. In the resulting combat, three Bf 109s were shot down.
Disaster for StG 77.
While three of the four Ju 87 groups reached and bombed their targets without interception, the 28 "Stukas" of I./StG 77 were attacked by No. 43 and 601 Squadron sporting a force of 18 Hurricanes. The escorting Bf 109s from II./JG 27 were flying too far away and could not stop the Hurricanes making an attack before the Ju 87s made their dives. Three Ju 87s were shot down in exchange for a damaged Hurricane, hit by return fire. The Bf 109s soon came under attack themselves and could not assist the dive-bombers effectively. Still, some Ju 87s made attacks. While they were doing so, some of the German crews saw No. 235 Blenheims taking off to defend their base. Some hangars were hit by the Ju 87s and much damage done. As the Bf 109 escorts turned to meet the two engaging RAF Squadrons, around 300 aircraft filled a patch of sky 25 miles long, from Gosport to Bognor Regis. No. 152, 235 Squadrons engaged the Germans over Thorney Island. No. 602 engaged the Ju 87s that attacked Ford but III./JG 27 bounced No. 602 Squadron, claiming four Spitfires destroyed. Spitfires from No. 234 and Hurricanes from 213 Squadron each destroyed one Bf 109.
The running air battles had cost the Ju 87 units heavily. The lack of protection for I./StG 77 had cost it 10 Ju 87s with one damaged beyond repair. Total manpower losses for the unit amounted to 17 killed or mortally wounded, six wounded and five captured out of 56 men. II./StG 77 lost three Ju 87s to fighter attack and one damaged beyond repair, five crewmen dead and one captured. III./StG 77 also lost two Ju 87s and two damaged with four men killed. StG 77s casualties amounted to 26 killed, six taken prisoner, and six wounded. The battles brought the number of Ju 87s lost thus far in the campaign to 59 with a further 33 damaged. The price was too high and with the exception of sporadic attacks on convoys later in the year, the Ju 87 played no further part in the Battle of Britain. Among the dead was "Gruppenkommandeur" "Hauptmann" Herbert Meisel.
The Bf 109s of JG 27 lost six fighters. Two pilots were saved. Another source gives eight Bf 109s destroyed. JG 27 claimed 14 victories, but it is likely this was an exaggeration. Only seven were allowed to stand by the Luftwaffe. RAF casualties in the air battles amounted to five fighters destroyed and four damaged. No. 43 Squadron suffered one damaged Hurricane; 152 Squadron two damaged Spitfires; No. 601 Squadron lost two Hurricanes; No. 602 Squadron lost three Spitfires and one damaged.
Aftermath.
The damage done to Ford was great. The local fire brigades helped put out the numerous fires and clear up the dead in and around the station. Mostly foam was used as the main water pipe had burst. Other fire units used water from static water tanks and a ditch which had filled from the fractured pipe. Ford had received less warning than the other targets and suffered heavier casualties: 28 killed and 75 wounded. Some 14 aircraft were destroyed: five Blackburn Sharks, five Fairey Swordfish, and two Fairey Albacore. A further 26 aircraft were damaged but repairable. As well as petrol and oil installations, two hangars, the motor transport hangar, two stores buildings, the ratings' and petty officers' canteens and numerous accommodation buildings were destroyed.
At Gosport, five aircraft were lost and five damaged. Several buildings were wrecked and two hangars damaged. But there were no casualties. The Ju 87 attack had been accurate, and no bombs fell outside the military compounds. In the Gosport area, 10 barrage balloons were shot down and two damaged.
The attacks of No. 43 and 601 Squadron disrupted the raid against Thorney Island and damage was not concentrated. Two hangars and two buildings were wrecked. Three aircraft were destroyed: a Blenheim, an Avro Anson and a Magister. One Vickers Wellington was also damaged. The only casualties were five civilian workers, injured when a 110-lb bomb landed on their shelter.
The loss of long-range radar station at Poling caused few problems. The Chain Home Low radar there was working and could see almost as far out to sea. Along the surrounding coastline, for 70 miles, another six radar stations gave interlocking stations which provided cover, so there was no hole in the system. Within a few days, mobile units were moved into wooded areas nearby to provide cover until Poling was repaired.
Weather intervention.
RAF over France.
After the second attack there followed several hours of quiet as Nos. 10 and 11 Groups and "Luftflotte 2" and 3, tired after considerable exertions, stopped to draw breath. On both sides of the Channel, unit commanders now phoned round frantically, trying to establish whether missing crews and aircraft were safely down elsewhere. It was time to move the dead, wounded and refuel and rearm the aircraft before the next potential mission.
In the interim, two Bristol Blenheim of No. 114 Squadron RAF made an attack on Frecamp and Dieppe. It passed over at high altitude, and dropped its bombs. The Germans recorded no damage at Frecamp, and the attack on Dieppe seems to have gone unnoticed. As the bombers headed home, they passed two Spitfires of the Photographic Reconnaissance Unit (PRU). These aircraft had their armament removed, stripped of radios and everything not essential for their mission. They were fitted with extra fuel tanks and cameras to carry out their work. To achieve greater speed, the machines were polished to reduce drag. The Spitfires were the fastest aircraft either the RAF or Luftwaffe at that time, achieving a speed of just under 400 mph. Flying at 34,000 feet they usually came and went undetected. They photographed ports and airfields and then returned.
Fresh German operations.
By 17:00, the Luftwaffe was ready to strike again. Radar stations were not plotting more German formations off the Kent coast and over the Pas-de-Calais area. Having attacked Biggin Hill and Kenley, "Luftflotte 2" was not going after the Sector Station RAF North Weald and RAF Hornchurch. Some 58 Do 17s of KG 2 were sent to bomb Hornchurch and 51 He 111s of KG 53 were directed to attack North Weald. The two raiding formations were to pass over the coast at the same time; so the He 111s attacking North Weald, with further to go, left 15 minutes earlier. The He 111s were to cross over at Foulness, the Dorniers at Deal. Fighter escort was provided by 140 Bf 109s and Bf 110s from JG 3, JG 26, JG 51, JG 54 and ZG 26.
The British correctly estimated the German strength as 250 aircraft. To meet the threat the Fighter Controllers at 11 Group's Uxbridge centre scrambled 13 Squadrons; No. 12 Group at Watnall passed on ordered to four more. Soon, a combined total of 47 Spitfires and 97 Hurricanes were in the air. Ten of the RAF fighters in the air (nine Spitfires from No. 19 Squadron and one Hurricane from No. 151 Squadron) were armed with 20 mm cannon.
No. 11 Group moved No. 32, 54, 56, and 501 Squadrons, totalling 11 Spitfires and 33 Hurricanes, to the Margate-Canterbury line to engage the enemy formations first. The remaining units were to climb to altitude and wait over or near the threatened fighter airfields, until a clearer picture emerged of enemy intentions.
KG 53 raid.
KG 53 approached North Weald from the east between Maldon, Essex and Rochford. No. 56 Squadron's 12 Hurricanes engaged the bombers, while No. 54 Squadron’s 11 Spitfires engaged the escorting Bf 109s and Bf 110s. In the engagement, at least one Bf 110 was shot down. The line of advance was now clear to the British ground controllers. Five Squadrons: No. 46, 85, 151, 257, and 310 with 61 Hurricanes, were scrambled to intercept the bombers in front of, or over the target. By 17:00 the airfield was covered in 5/10ths stratocumulus at 5,000 feet. Within thirty minutes the base fell to just 3,500 feet. The German formation leaders soon realised that there was no hope of hitting a target from 12,000 feet, particularly when they could not see it. At 17:40, KG 53 turned away and headed for base. They had lost a single bomber to 56 Squadron. Things were about to change. As they turned around, 28 Hurricanes from Nos. 46, 85, and 151 Squadron prepared for a head-on attack. Meanwhile, 12 Hurricanes from 256 Squadron closed on the Germans from behind.
No. 151's Pilot Officer Richard Milne shot down "Gruppenkommandeur" of II./KG 53, Major Reinhold Tamm. The He 111 blew up, killing all aboard. The escorting Bf 109s counter-attacked, shooting down two No. 151 Squadron Hurricanes, killing one pilot and wounding the other. No. 257 Squadron also engaged and lost one pilot killed in a crash landing after combat with Bf 110s. No. 46 Squadron—the only 12 Group unit to take part—also engaged. Shortly hence, the 13 Hurricanes from No. 85 Squadron, led by Peter Townsend, struck at the bombers but was blocked by ZG 26 Bf 110s. Bf 109s was also present and inconclusive engagements began. It was likely the Bf 109s belonged to III./JG 51 providing top cover. There were intense combats around the bombers. No. 1 Squadron's leader, David Pemperton, accounted for one JG 3 Bf 109. No. 85 Squadron accounted for one He 111, but lost a Hurricane to the Bf 110s, the pilot, Pilot Officer Paddy Hemmingway, bailed out into the Channel and survived. Another pilot, Flight Lieutenant Dick Lee, a veteran of the Battle of France and a flying ace with nine victories was reported missing in action. He was last seen chasing three Bf 109s out to sea. His body was never found. Among the few British squadrons left in the fight (owing to fuel and ammunition running low) was No. 54 Squadron. Its commander, Colin Falkland Gray, destroyed a Bf 110.
As KG 53 retreated out to sea, the German bombers dumped their bombs. Around 32 German bombs fell on the town of Shoeburyness. Two houses were destroyed and 20 damaged. One bomb landed on an Anderson Air Raid Shelter, killing a man and his wife. Another landed on the railway signal box, killing the signalman. Several bombs fell on a War Department gunnery range, causing no damage. Some 200 German bombs fell on the mud flats and sandbanks off Shoeburyness. Many were delayed-action bombs, and would go off at irregular intervals.
KG 53 had lost only four He 111s destroyed and one damaged. Its personnel losses amounted to 12 dead, two wounded and four prisoners of war. A further five were rescued by British ships, bringing the total number captured to nine. The low losses of the group in the face of fighter attacks were down to the determination of ZG 26. It cost the unit seven Bf 110s and a further six damaged.
KG 2 raid.
Squadron Leader Michael Crossley was back in action with No. 32 Squadron. With No. 501, Crossley's units attempted to engage KG 2 while over Herne Bay. The 15-strong Hurricanes were blocked by escorting Bf 109s. No. 501 came under attack from II./JG 51. One was shot down and its pilot, George E.B. Stoney was killed. His victor was "Hauptmann" Josef Foezoe, an Austrian pilot. No. 501 quickly counter-attacked, destroying two Bf 109s. One of them was flown by Horst Tietzen, an ace with 20 victories and the fourth highest claimant in the Luftwaffe at that time. The other victim was Hans-Otto Lessing. Both German pilots were killed. Another Bf 109 fell to Peter Brothers. The Bf 109s 22-year old pilot, Gerhard Mueller was killed. Meanwhile Crossley, Karol Pniak and Alan Ackford shared in the destruction of another Bf 109. The pilot, Walter Blume was severely injured and taken prisoner. Within a short time, the Germans turned the tables, and three Hurricanes (Crossley, Pilot Officer de Grunne and Pilot Officer Pearce) were shot down. All three survived, though Pearce and de Grunne suffered burns. But while the RAF fighters were kept busy by the escort, the Dorniers continued without interception.
As the Dorniers passed Sheerness, the anti-aircraft defences opened fire to protect the naval yard at Chatham, Kent. Along the south bank of the Thames Estuary 15 gun positions fired six 4.5in of 3.7in heavy shells. The German bombers opened up a little, to spread out. The cloud over the target ruined the German bomb run, and some bombers began the return trip with their loads still on board. While crossing the coast over Deal, Kent, three attacked the Royal Marines barracks there. They continued back across the Channel, having made no contact with enemy fighters.
Night raids.
German.
At 18:18 night began to fall. The Luftwaffe sent bombers from KG 1, 2, 3, 27 and 53 to bomb targets at Sheffield, Leeds, Hull, Colchester, Canvey Island, Manningtree and Sealand. British records mentioned damage only at Sealand. Most bombs were scattered over rural districts. In one incident, a KG 27 He 111, shortly before midnight, attacked the flying and training school at Windrush, in Gloucestershire, where night flying was in progress. The bomber, piloted by Alfred Dreher, crashed into an Avro Anson piloted by Sergeant Bruce Hancock. Both aircraft crashed, killing all five men involved.
British.
While the Luftwaffe was attacking Britain, 36 Bristol Blenheim's from RAF Bomber Command took off in ones and twos to attack a score of German airfields in the Netherlands and France. Its sole success was at Vlissingen, Netherlands, where it damaged two "Jagdgeschwader 54" (JG 54) Bf 109s. At the same time four Armstrong Whitworth Whitleys were attacking the Fiat works in Turin, Italy and 20 more were heading for the aluminium works at Rheinfelden in southern Germany. The 18 August 1940 would end before either force reached its target.
Aftermath.
Overclaiming and Propaganda.
Overclaiming of aerial victories was not uncommon, and both sides claimed more aircraft shot down than was the case. For the 18 August action, British propaganda claimed 144 German aircraft destroyed, which was over twice the actual figure. In response, the Germans claimed they had only lost 36, a figure which has since been proven to be half the actual figure (69 to 71). The German propaganda elements claimed to have destroyed 147 British aircraft, which was over twice the actual figure. Again, the British admitted to losing only 23, when the actual figure was around 68. Other sources between them insist the RAF's losses were 27–34 fighters destroyed, and 29 aircraft destroyed on the ground, including only eight fighters.
One German fighter pilot stated that losses were always under reported. Siegfried Bethke pointed out that the German High Command always misled the public about losses. According to him, German aircraft that crashed into the Channel were not counted in the official figures although the loss of the aircraft was total. One aircraft in his unit that was damaged by 88 hits and had to be broken up and taken back to Germany. Bethke intimates it was not added to the loss record.
Sorties and losses.
During the 18 August 1940, Luftwaffe units flew a total of 970 sorties over Britain: some 495 by medium bombers, 460 by fighters and 15 by reconnaissance units. Of this total, about 170 of the bomber sorties were flown on the night of 17/18 August; the remainder were flown during the daylight hours on the 18 August. Less than half of the available (or serviceable) aircraft on the "Luftflotte 2" and "Luftflotte 3" order of battle were involved in the action that day, so it was clear that the Luftwaffe was not greatly extended in providing forces for the offensive. "Luftflotte 5" did not take any part in the fighting, although its reconnaissance aircraft were active over England and Scotland.
Altogether, the Luftwaffe lost between 69 and 71 aircraft destroyed or damaged beyond repair as a result of its operations over Britain on 18 August 1940. Of this total, 59 were lost to certain or probable action by fighters while two fell to ground fire, four to a combination of both and one collided with a British training aircraft. The remaining three crashed in German-held territory owing to technical failures. Altogether, the losses represented seven per cent of the force committed. Around 29 aircraft crashed in England. Personnel losses were 94 German crews killed, 40 captured and 25 returned with wounds. Some 27 to 31 German aircraft returned with damage.
The gross underestimation of Fighter Command's strength issued to Luftwaffe units meant the British reaction was much stronger than expected. During the 24-hour period, Fighter Command flew 927 sorties, slightly fewer than the Germans. Only 41 of these sorties were flown by night, 28 on 17/18 August and 13 on 18/19 August. The remaining 886 sorties were flown by day, a number almost exactly equal to the 861 serviceable Spitfire, Hurricane, Defiant and Gladiator day fighters available to squadrons.
The average operational sortie rate of one per serviceable fighter was not spread evenly throughout the command, however. Nos 12 and 13 Groups in the Midlands and north of Britain, with a third of the serviceable fighters between them, put up 129 (or only 15 per cent) of the day sorties, and of these only three made contact with the enemy. No. 11 Group put up one-third of the serviceable fighters in 600 sorties, or more than two-thirds of the total; on average. Each of the serviceable Spitfires and Hurricanes flew 1.7 operational sorties. No. 43 squadron flew the most sorties: 63 operations including five each from the 13 serviceable at the beginning of the day.
Only 403 (45 percent) of the total number of sorties flown by Fighter Command were directed at the three major German raids. A further 56 (or just over 6 per cent) were standing patrols to protect shipping off the coast. Most of the remaining 427 sorties (nearly 50 per cent) were made to engage the reconnaissance aircraft. Usually several half-squadrons were committed. This was not excessive. But by sending more units to counter the flights, German aircraft were forced to fly higher and were denied the opportunity to drop to low altitude to take higher resolution photographs. This contributed to a lack of German intelligence which often failed to distinguish fighter, bomber and naval airfields from each other. Much of the time their strength was directed at non-fighter airfields on this date.
Of the 403 sorties put up by Fighter Command to meet the major German attacks, 320 of those made contact with the enemy, meaning 80 percent of the fighters sent to intercept the bombers did so. The percentage would have been higher, had the bombers on the afternoon raid not turned around short of their targets.
Between 27 and 34 RAF fighters were destroyed. A specialist source of the battle indicated the figure to be 31 destroyed or beyond repair. Of these, 25 fell to German fighters, two to return fire from the bombers. One was shot down by British ground fire in error and the loss of the remainder cannot be established. Some 26 of the fighters lost were Hurricanes, and five were Spitfires. Personnel losses for the RAF amounted to 10 British fighter pilots killed on the day, and another who died of wounds. Around 19 pilots were wounded, 11 so seriously that they did not take part in the rest of the battle.
Losses on the ground amounted to eight fighters (two Spitfires). Around 28 aircraft of other types were destroyed on the ground. The total destroyed or damaged beyond repair amounted to 68 aircraft, although 17 of these were trainers or non-operational types.
Göring, Mölders and Galland.
Göring spent "The Hardest Day" at Karinhall with two of his top fighter pilots, Werner Mölders and Adolf Galland. He was decorating them with the Combined Pilots-Observation Badge in Gold with Diamonds after they had achieved much success in recent weeks. However, Göring took the opportunity to berate them over bomber losses and in particular, what he saw, as a lack of aggression in the "Jagdwaffe". This did not go down well with the two men. Göring moved to quickly reconcile with them by ordering their promotion to "Geschwaderkommodore" (Wing Commander) in command of their respective "Geschwader" (Wings). Göring felt a younger generation of combat leaders would help motivate the force. They were dismissed.
On the 19 August, Göring read the reports on the losses of the 18 August, and unhappy with the extent of the losses, recalled both pilots. Hitler's Directive 17 had ordered the Luftwaffe to achieve air superiority, but remain strong enough for when, or rather if, "Sea Lion" was launched. Moreover, Göring recognised that the Luftwaffe was his power base. A failure would be bad, but a severe weakening of the Luftwaffe would be far worse. He emphasised to his commanders the need to preserve the Luftwaffe's strength. Essentially, the core theme of the conference was fighter protection. The fighter leaders advocated sweeps to clear the skies in advance of attacks. Other commanders present thought a combination of sweeps and close escort would be more effective in reducing losses. Göring agreed and listed a number of forms that the sweeps may take. The most important tactical change he made was instituting a wholesale purge of older "Geschwaderkommodore" in favour of younger men. From now on, leaders were to be drawn from the ranks, given responsibility based on skill and experience rather than rank, while allowing them to have a free rein in tactical engagements (a form of aerial "Auftragstaktik").
Göring also placed emphasis on correct rendezvous with the bombers, which had been lacking in recent operations (see "Adlertag"). The longer-range bombers were ordered directly to fighter airfields to pick up their escorts on the way to the target. He determined that as many fighters as possible should remain on sweeps while a smaller number maintained close contact with the bombers. For now, this would be the main tactical arrangement of fighter-bomber cooperation.
Outcome.
German target selection was sound on "The Hardest Day". There were four means open to the Luftwaffe for destroying Fighter Command; bombing airfields; destroying the command, control system and radar stations; and attacking aircraft factories producing fighter aircraft.
"Luftflotte 2" was well used in this way. Operations against Kenley, Biggin Hill, North Weald and Hornchurch had the potential to destroy 11 Group's major sector stations and impair its defences. It would also draw the defending fighters into battle. The attempt to attack Kenley, however, failed and "9 Staffel" KG 76 paid a high price. The weather put paid to any chance of the raids on Hornchurch and North Weald being successful. On the other hand, "Luftflotte 3" had poor intelligence, and its raids on the radar stations were ineffective. Radar elimination would enable the Luftwaffe to destroy the command and control system of Fighter Command, but despite the severe damage done to the Poling station, the existence of other stations nearby gave the system plenty of cover. The airfields the Air Fleet attacked at Ford, Gosport and Thorney Island had nothing to do with the main battle as they belonged to Coastal Command and the FAA. Sperrle and his command remained unaware of their errors in intelligence.
The tactical handling of "Luftflotte 3" was not good either. The escorting fighters of StG 77 were stretched too far across a 30-mile front. By chance half of the defending fighters went into action against one of the attacking Ju 87 groups with disastrous results for the group concerned. The German fighters, which outnumbered the RAF units by 2:1, were unable to protect the "Stuka" units. Had the targets been closer together, the concentration of fighters would have allowed the Germans to destroy more RAF fighters in the air, while protecting their charges.
Considering the weight of attack against airfields, hardly any fighters were destroyed on the ground. Figures indicated just two Spitfires and six Hurricanes were lost in this manner. The main reason for this was the high state of readiness of RAF units during daylight. The command depended on radar and the Observer Corps warning them in advance, giving them plenty of time to get airborne. The successful strafing attack by Bf 109s of JG 52 on Manston depended on a combination of circumstances and chance which would not occur often during the battle.
The attacks on airfields, on this day and throughout the battle, did not cause any real danger to RAF Fighter Command. Biggin Hill was never out of service during the Battle of Britain, and Kenley was out of action for only two hours on 18 August. German medium bombers, usually sent in waves of 50, could carry between 60 and 85 tons of bombs. But this was not enough to destroy an airfield. If the airfield's hangars and buildings were destroyed, work on aircraft could be done in the open in summer periods. Should the craters become too troublesome, RAF units could move to another field, not necessarily an airfield, and operate fighters of it, provided it was 700 yards long and 100 yards wide to allow for operations. The vulnerable operations buildings on some airfields were hidden underground. One flaw was the vulnerability of operations rooms. At Kenley and Biggin the sector operations buildings were above ground, but they were difficult to hit even had the Luftwaffe known their location. Vital communications (telephone cables) were buried underground, making them vulnerable only to an accidental direct hit.
Attacking and destroying the radar chain was also difficult. The stations were indeed vulnerable to dive bombers and low flying aircraft, however the British had mobile units which could be moved around to cover any gaps. Rapid repair services were also quick. Rarely were radar stations out of action for more than a few days.
A last option was to attack fighter factories, which was not attempted on 18 August. Only the Spitfire factory at Southampton and the Hawker factory in Surrey were within range of escorted bombers. Without the Bf 109s, the bombers would suffer heavy casualties attempting to attack factories further north in daylight. Still, the attacks on the southern factories would require large concentrations of bombers and fighters which would be powerful enough to destroy them without sustaining heavy losses.
Overall, each side suffered more losses on this date than on any other day during the Battle of Britain. In terms of the outcome, the battle does not appear to have been strategically favourable to either side. The loss rates were in the British favour, but the both air forces had sustained a level of attrition they could not support for long. Historian Alfred Price:
The laurels for the day’s action went to the defenders. The aim of the Luftwaffe was to wear down the Fighter Command without suffering excessive losses in the process, and in this it had failed. It cost the attackers five aircrew killed, wounded, or taken prisoner, for each British pilot casualty. In terms of aircraft, it had cost the Luftwaffe five bombers and fighters for every three Spitfires and Hurricanes destroyed in the air or on the ground. If the battle continued at this rate the Luftwaffe would wreck Fighter Command, but it would come close to wrecking itself in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="30961923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961923" title="Michael Kramer (narrator)">
Michael Kramer (narrator)

Michael Kramer is an award winning American audiobook narrator. Kramer has recorded over a hundred audiobooks for trade publishers and has participated in the Library of Congress's Talking Books program.
Reception and awards.
Kramer has received praise for his narrations, with the "Library Journal" stating that Kramer reads "clearly and intensely".

</doc>
<doc id="30961925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961925" title="Glyceollin">
Glyceollin

Glyceollins are a family of prenylated pterocarpan found in ineffective types of nodule in soybean in response to symbiotic infection. They are phytoalexins with an antiestrogenic activity.
Molecules found in the family are :
Metabolism.
Glycinol is the direct precursor of glyceollins through the action of a prenyltransferase. Glyceollin synthase then transforms those prenylated precursors into glyceollins.

</doc>
<doc id="30961929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961929" title="Glyceollin I">
Glyceollin I

Glyceollin I is a glyceollin, a type of prenylated pterocarpan. It is a phytoalexin found in the soybean.
Glyceollin synthase is an enzyme responsible for the production of glyceollin. The five substrates of this enzyme are 2-dimethylallyl-(6aS,11aS)-3,6a,9-trihydroxypterocarpan, 4-dimethylallyl-(6aS,11aS)-3,6a,9-trihydroxypterocarpan, NADPH, H+, and O2, whereas its three products are glyceollin, NADP+, and H2O.
In in vitro studies, this molecule has been shown to exhibit antiestrogenic properties.

</doc>
<doc id="30961932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961932" title="Renault Maxity">
Renault Maxity

The Renault Maxity is a light commercial vehicle with a cab-over-engine style truck launched by the French manufacturer Renault Trucks in 2007. The Maxity is near-identical to the Nissan Cabstar, sharing the same drive-train and engine options and manufactured on the same Nissan owned production line in Avila, Spain. While the sharing of engines and production facilities is part of the Renault-Nissan Alliance, the vehicle is sold by Renault Trucks which is owned by Volvo.
Specifications.
In Europe the Maxity is available from 2.8 to 4.5-tonne versions, but only as a 3.4 or 3.5-tonne in Britain. The Maxity is rear-wheel drive and powered with a choice of two diesel engines; a 2.5 L DXi2.5 in and states of tune, and a 3.0 L DXi3 turbo producing . All are mated to a five-speed or six-speed manual transmission depending on specification.
In 2010, Renault Trucks trialled an electric version with a 2-tonne payload in Paris with drinks distributor Tafanel. The prototype truck was developed in collaboration with electric commercial vehicle manufacturer PVI.
The compact dimensions of the Maxity are promoted by Renault Trucks to emphasise the use in towns and cities, with a cab width of , a length from to depending on configuration, and a compact turning radius of .

</doc>
<doc id="30961939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961939" title="Learning-by-doing">
Learning-by-doing

Can refer to Learning-by-doing (economics)

</doc>
<doc id="30961953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961953" title="Works of fiction set in 2003">
Works of fiction set in 2003

The following fictional entities are set in the year 2003:

</doc>
<doc id="30961964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961964" title="Gibiteca Antonio Gobbo">
Gibiteca Antonio Gobbo

The Gibiteca Antonio Gobbo is a major public collection of comics books in Brazil. It is one of the biggest of this kind in Brazil and Latin America. It is in the city of Belo Horizonte, in Minas Gerais state, Brazil. The Gibiteca is located at the "Biblioteca Pública Infantil e Juvenil de Belo Horizonte," that belongs to the "Fundação Municipal de Cultura de Belo Horizonte" (Municipal Foundation of Culture of Belo Horizonte).
History.
The Gibiteca Antonio Gobbo was founded in 1992 from the donation of the "Biblioteca Nacional de Histórias em Quadrinhos - BNHQ" (National Comics Library), private collection of Antonio Roque Gobbo.
Collection.
The collection 2010 consists of more than 18,000 copies of many genres and theoretical material, with specimens from countries, such as France, USA, Portugal, Italy and Spain.
In the collection one can find comic books, journals, albums, comics, fanzines, etc.
Activities on Gibiteca.
The Gibiteca is a centre for expositions, lectures, activities, etc.
Localization.
The Gibiteca is in the "Biblioteca Pública Infantil e Juvenil de Belo Horizonte" a public library. The address is
Rua Carangola, 288, bairro Santo Antônio, Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="30961980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961980" title="Works of fiction set in 2002">
Works of fiction set in 2002

The following fictional entities are set in the year 2002:
I

</doc>
<doc id="30961981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30961981" title="Computerspielemuseum Berlin">
Computerspielemuseum Berlin

The Computerspielemuseum Berlin (Computer Games Museum Berlin) was founded in 1997. From 1997 to 2000, it had a permanent exhibition in Berlin. Afterwards, it became an online only museum. In 2011, it reopened its permanent exhibition in Berlin's neighborhood of Friedrichshain. During the first month of its permanent exhibition, it had 12,000 visitors.
General.
The Computerspielemuseum opened the first permanent exhibition in the world for digital interactive entertainment culture in 1997 in Berlin. After that, it became responsible for 30 national and international exhibitions. Among these was the project "pong.mythos" sponsored by the German Federal Cultural Foundation, Germany's most successful traveling exhibition in the history of computer games. In the last five years, over 470,000 visitors have seen this exhibition. The museum contains around 16,000 game titles, around 10,000 technical magazines, many historical home computers and console systems, which were sold in Europe, and an extensive amount of other documents, for example: videos, posters and handbooks. It contains one of the largest collections of entertainment software and hardware in Europe.
The Computerspielemuseum's collection is the property of the Booster Club for Youth and Social Work. The new museum itself is run by Gameshouse gGmbH. Building the new permanent exhibition was financed by the German Lottery Fund in Berlin and from the Cultural Investment Program of Berlin's Cultural Affairs Department, so the ERDF.
The Computerspielemuseum is a member of the International Council of Museums (ICOM) as well as the Nestor project, which is financed by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research (Germany).
Projects.
The museum is a cooperative partner of the EU research project ""PLANETS" (Preservation and Long-term Access through Networked Services). Besides that, it is also a contributor to the EU research project Keeping Emulation Environments Portable.
Prizes.
The museum won the German Children's Cultural Prize in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="30962001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962001" title="Works of fiction set in 2001">
Works of fiction set in 2001

The following fictional entities are set in the year 2001:

</doc>
<doc id="30962009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962009" title="Thomas Welsh (rower)">
Thomas Welsh (rower)

Thomas Welsh (born 6 May 1977 in Philadelphia) is an American rower. He finished 5th in the Men's eight at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30962020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962020" title="Chris Singleton">
Chris Singleton

Chris Singleton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30962058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962058" title="Garrett Miller">
Garrett Miller

Garrett Miller (born 7 June 1977 in Philadelphia) is an American rower. He finished 5th in the Men's eight at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30962061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962061" title="Pampas (disambiguation)">
Pampas (disambiguation)

In English Pampas usually refer to the plains around Río de la Plata. Pampas may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30962064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962064" title="Justine Ozga">
Justine Ozga

Justine Ozga (born 31 January 1988 in Gliwice, Poland) is a German tennis player.
Ozga has won two singles and eight doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 15 October 2007, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 259. On 20 September 2010, she peaked at world number 214 in the doubles rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="30962065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962065" title="Ministry of Finance of Georgia">
Ministry of Finance of Georgia

The Ministry of Finance () is a governmental agency within the Cabinet of Georgia in charge of regulating the financial sector in the Republic of Georgia. Incumbent minister is Nodar Khaduri
Structure.
Main functions of the ministry is regulation of financial sector by ensuring sustainable economic development and financial stability; enforcing state policies on financial issues, budgeting and taxes; ensuring stability of state finances and development of financial markets in the country; attracting foreign creditors to Georgian economy; improvement of budgeting, tax forecasting, financial mechanisms; ensuring financial control over budgetary funds and spending; treasury development, revenue mobilization, provision of state budget funds management and controlling movement of funds within Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="30962101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962101" title="Actinodaphne menghaiensis">
Actinodaphne menghaiensis

Actinodaphne menghaiensis is a species of tree belonging to the family Lauraceae. It is only known from Menghai County, Yunnan in the People's Republic of China.
This tree, growing to 8 m tall, is found in dense, humid forest. Whorls of five or six leaves, up to 40 cm long, are borne at the end of branchlets. It is very similar to "Actinodaphne obovata" but can be distinguished by the glabrous branchlets, leaves and buds; and smaller fruits with more slender pedicels.

</doc>
<doc id="30962145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962145" title="Stephanie Schneider">
Stephanie Schneider

Stephanie Schneider (born 25 September 1990) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2008. Her best World Cup finish was first in the two-woman events at Whistler in November and Lake Placid in December 2010.
She won gold at the 2011 FIBT World Championships in Königssee in the mixed team events.

</doc>
<doc id="30962188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962188" title="Per Sundberg">
Per Sundberg

Per Sundberg (born 8 May 1949) is a Swedish fencer. He competed in the individual foil and team épée events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30962197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962197" title="J. Michael Durnil">
J. Michael Durnil

J. Michael Durnil is the President and CEO of the Simon Youth Foundation (SYF). Durnil is the former Senior Vice President and Interim President of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD), and the former Executive Vice President for Governmental Affairs & University Outreach and Assistant Secretary to the Board of Trustees at Roosevelt University in Chicago, Illinois. He has been nationally recognized for his service in the field of higher education and for his advocacy of LGBT rights. Durnil serves on the executive board of the American Council on Education Council of Fellows. Durnil is also an ordained Elder in the Presbyterian Church and a member of the International Order of DeMolay.
Durnil currently lives in Indianapolis, Indiana. He has two adult children, Lauren Durnil and J. Andrew Durnil, who is a professional artist and creates under the pen name Andrew Gouwen.
Early life & education.
Durnil was born in Decatur, Illinois to D. Dean Durnil, a sheet metal worker, and Patricia Lawler Durnil. From 1975 to 1979, he attended Eisenhower High School where he showed an interest in biological sciences. A first-generation college student, Durnil graduated from Illinois State University (ISU) in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in biology. Influenced by his experiences in student government, residence life, and admissions activities at ISU, Durnil graduated a year later with his Master's of Sciences from ISU's Educational Administration and Foundations graduate program.
In 1991, Durnil was admitted to Loyola University Chicago to pursue his Ph.D. in higher education. Inspired by his professional work on HIV/AIDS, Durnil completed his doctorate 18 months later, successfully defending his dissertation entitled, ""More than red ribbons: Student affairs professionals who advocate for HIV/AIDS issues in higher education."" He continued on to Harvard University and completed his post-doctorate certificate in Educational Management in 2003. In 2004, Durnil was selected as a Fellow of the American Council on Education, spending his residency year at Fairleigh Dickinson University in New Jersey, and working with the United Nations Ambassador Corp.
Professional career in higher education.
Durnil began his full-time career in higher education as an Assistant Director of "the Preview ISU" orientation and Residence Hall Director at Illinois State University. In 1985, he moved to San Antonio, Texas and continued working in Student life at St. Mary's University. In 1986, Elmhurst College invited Durnil to become their Assistant Dean of Students; a position he held until 1993. During his tenure at Elmhurst, the landscape of higher education swiftly changed due to social and political issues. One such issue was the emergence of a new, deadly virus, HIV/AIDS. Affected by the stories of fellow students and staff, Durnil chaired a Chicago-based American Red Cross task force that would later create a national model for HIV/AIDS peer facilitators at colleges and universities.
In 1992, Roosevelt University announced plans to restructure its division of student affairs. In 1993, Durnil became the inaugural Dean in a newly formed area of student life and served as the Senior Student Affairs Officer. He continued serving at Roosevelt in various administrative capacities, including CEO of the Schaumburg Campus, where he oversaw the master-planning and buildout of the campus; the Vice President for Administration; and Vice President for Governmental Affairs and University Outreach. Beginning in 2005, Durnil led Roosevelt University's initiatives to become more engaged in civic life. Through Durnil's efforts, Roosevelt University established ties with the International Consular Corp. of Chicago and Save the Children and was recognized for their leadership on immigration issues by the American Immigration Law Center in 2008.
LGBT and GLAAD.
In 2002, Roosevelt University appointed Chuck Middleton as President. Middleton was the first openly gay President of any major national college or university. Working with Durnil, Middleton used this position to forward the University's agenda on social justice. In 2006, Roosevelt University assisted with the logistics and provided space for the Gay Games VII.
In 2008, Durnil was recruited by then-President Neil Giuliano to become the Senior Vice President of GLAAD. GLAAD is dedicated to promoting and ensuring fair, accurate and inclusive representation of people and events in the media as a means of eliminating homophobia and discrimination based on gender identity and sexual orientation. GLAAD advocates for full equality for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community in television and news outlets. As Interim President for several months of 2009, Durnil successfully directed GLAAD through the leadership transition from Giuliano to Jarrett Barrios. Durnil stepped down from all of his positions at GLAAD on June 30, 2010.
Simon Youth Foundation.
On December 13, 2010, the Simon Youth Foundation (SYF) announced that its new CEO would be J. Michael Durnil, Ph.D. Following the announcement, Durnil moved to Indianapolis and assumed his leadership role.
Awards and recognition.
In 2008, Durnil was recognized by both the city of Chicago and by the Governor of the State of Illinois for his service to higher education. That same year, the 110th Congress of the United States bestowed upon Durnil Congressional Recognition, presented by the Hon. Danny K. Davis. In 2010, his doctoral alma mater, Loyola University Chicago, recognized Durnil with the "Distinguished Alumni Award." Durnil was similarly recognized by his K-12 school system, Decatur (IL) Public School District #61 in 2005 as an outstanding alum.

</doc>
<doc id="30962226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962226" title="Alfons Bialetzki">
Alfons Bialetzki

Alfons Bialetzki (born 29 September 1919) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He was also awarded the very rare Close Combat Clasp in Gold one of only 631 awards.

</doc>
<doc id="30962230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962230" title="Žvaigždžiakalnis">
Žvaigždžiakalnis

Žvaigždžiakalnis is a village in the Molėtai district municipality, in Utena County, eastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census, the village has a population of 4 people. The village is located in a remote area 10 km south east from Suginčiai, in a peninsula at the western edge of the Lake Aisetas. Žvaigždžiakalnis is surrounded by forest and is part of the Labanoras Regional Park.
Etymology.
The name Žvaigždžiakalnis came from Lithuanian words "žvaigždė" and "kalnas" and means "a mount of stars".

</doc>
<doc id="30962240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962240" title="Orvar Jönsson">
Orvar Jönsson

Orvar Jönsson (born 5 September 1950) is a Swedish fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30962262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962262" title="Aboubacar Soulama">
Aboubacar Soulama

Aboubacar Soulama is a former Ivorian rugby union player. He played as a wing.
Soulama had 4 caps for Ivory Coast, from 1994 to 1995, scoring 1 try, 1 conversion and 2 penalties, 13 points in aggregate. He was called for the 1995 Rugby World Cup, playing in two games and scoring a try in the 54-18 loss to France.

</doc>
<doc id="30962267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962267" title="Stelian Badea">
Stelian Badea

Badea Stelian (born 29 July 1958), widely known as Stelică Badea, is a retired Romanian football midfielder.
Biography.
He was born in Bucşani and his first steps in football were under the guidance of coach Stere Popescu. He debuted at I.O.R. Bucharest, and at twenty years of age he had reached FC Olt Scorniceşti. In 1980, he arrived in Piteşti, where he was soon took the left midfield position. He played ten seasons at FC Argeş Piteşti, playing 244 matches and scoring twenty goals.

</doc>
<doc id="30962270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962270" title="Francesco Friedrich">
Francesco Friedrich

Francesco Friedrich (born 2 May 1990) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2006.
He won gold at the 2011 FIBT World Championships in Königssee in the mixed team event.

</doc>
<doc id="30962314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962314" title="Florian Becke">
Florian Becke

Florian Becke (born 15 March 1983) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2002. His best World Cup finish was first in the four-man event at Winterberg in January 2011. 
He won gold at the 2011 FIBT World Championships in Königssee in the mixed team event.

</doc>
<doc id="30962317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962317" title="Hans Wieselgren">
Hans Wieselgren

Hans Wieselgren (born 26 March 1952) is a Swedish fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30962345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962345" title="Gaston Burssens">
Gaston Burssens

Gaston Karel Mathilde Burssens (born 18 February 1896, Dendermonde – deceased 29 January 1965, Antwerp) was a Belgian Expressionist poet. He studied in Flanders at the University of Ghent, at which, during World War I, the Germans introduced classes given in Dutch language.
Biography.
Like that of Paul van Ostaijen, during the 1920s his work evolved from humanitarian expressionism towards a more organic expressionism — upon which his poetry stayed focused on musicality. Van Ostaijen's not earlier published poems were published posthumously by Burssens.
Burssens received the" 'Driejaarlijkse Prijs voor Poëzie'", a reward for poetry granted every third year, for 1950-52, and once again for 1956-58.

</doc>
<doc id="30962359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962359" title="August Stöber">
August Stöber

August Daniel Ehrenfried Stöber (1808–1884]) was an Alsatian poet, scholar and collector of folklore.
He was born July 9, 1808 in Strasbourg and died March 19, 1884 in Mulhouse, where he had worked as a teacher. 
Stöber composed poetry and tales in the Alsatian dialect, and studied the culture and history of his homeland.

</doc>
<doc id="30962394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962394" title="Libya, Libya, Libya">
Libya, Libya, Libya

"Libya, Libya, Libya" (, English: "Libya, Libya, Libya"), also known as "Ya Beladi", or "O my country!", is the national anthem of Libya, and was previously the national anthem of the Kingdom of Libya, from 1951 to 1969. It was composed by Mohammed Abdel Wahab, in 1951, with the lyrics themselves being written by Al Bashir Al Arebi.
History.
Kingdom of Libya.
"Libya, Libya, Libya" was composed by Mohammed Abdel Wahab in 1951 and was originally the national anthem of the Kingdom of Libya, from its independence in 1951 until 1969 when King Idris I was overthrown by a bloodless coup d'état led by Muammar Gaddafi. The lyrics themselves were written by Al Bashir Al Arebi.
Libyan Arab Republic.
In 1969, Muammar Gaddafi adopted the Egyptian military marching song "Allahu Akbar" as the national anthem of the newly proclaimed Libyan Arab Republic, and later, the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya.
Libyan civil war.
In 2011, "Libya, Libya, Libya" was declared as the new national anthem of Libya by the National Transitional Council. "Libya, Libya, Libya" ultimately did become the national anthem of Libya once again, following the Libyan civil war and the death of Muammar Gaddafi. The Anthem now does not contain the verse that glorifies King Idris (shown in grey).

</doc>
<doc id="30962396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962396" title="John Reid (bishop)">
John Reid (bishop)

John Robert Reid (born 15 July 1928) was an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney. He was the Bishop of South Sydney (the Southern Region) from 1972 to 1993.
Reid was educated at the University of Melbourne and Moore Theological College. After a curacy in Manly he was the incumbent at Gladesville from 1956 to 1969 when he became Archdeacon of Cumberland, his last position before being ordained to the episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="30962398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962398" title="St Michael's Cemetery, Sheffield">
St Michael's Cemetery, Sheffield

St Michael’s Cemetery is a Catholic burial ground in the Rivelin Valley area of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. The cemetery stands on a steep hillside on the south side of Rivelin Valley Road at its junction with Rivelin Road and Hollins Lane.
History.
In the early 1860s there was no consecrated ground for the burial of Catholic people within the boundaries of Sheffield. This came about largely because of past persecution resulting from the English Reformation of the 16th century. Father Burke of St Vincent‘s Church on Solly Street in the city, being quite concerned about this began a search for a suitable burial ground and finally purchased an eight acre site on a sloping hillside in Rivelin Glen. The plot of land was bought for £600 in the Spring of 1862 from Mr. Wilson of Loxley, a member of the famous Wilson family of snuff manufacturers. The site was quickly enclosed and walled off at a further cost of £250 and received official Government approval as a burial ground on 25 August 1862.
On 29 September 1862 (Michaelmas day) Robert Cornthwaite, Bishop of Beverley laid and consecrated the cornerstone of the original St Michael’s chapel. When later writing about the laying of the cornerstone, Father Burke revealed the names of some of the benefactors who helped pay for the cemetery. He wrote, "a few humble Irish Catholics who had by good conduct and honest industry, realised a little property, offered to supply £500 or £600 to purchase a graveyard". They were Michael Monaghan, Lawrence Brown and James Callaghan. A further £200 was donated by a Mr. Hodgkinson "a worthy English gentleman" and these four along with Father Burke and Arnold Sutton of Revell Grange were named as trustees of the cemetery.
It is believed that the first interments in the new cemetery took place on 23 September 1862 when two young children Mary Mulvey, aged three and Catherine Hopkins, aged seven were buried at St Michael’s. By the summer of 1863 the work on the cemetery and its chapel were complete with the final cost coming to £1,400. On 26 October 1863 the chapel was blessed by Father Burke and dedicated to St Michael The Archangel. In December of that year the St Vincent Catholic Young Men’s Society donated a statue of Saint Patrick and a set of bas relief Stations of the Cross which were erected in the chapel.
The original chapel was always meant to a temporary building and in 1877 a new permanent building was erected at a cost of £2,000, which was donated by George Harvey Foster, a local businessman in the tailoring trade, and his wife Mary Ann. This gift is marked by a marble plaque on the right (epistle) side of the chapel. The Foster family also have a family crypt close to the chapel, which is marked by an ornate pointed monument. The new chapel was opened and blessed, again by Robert Cornthwaite (now Bishop of Leeds), on 11 December 1877.
Chapel architecture.
The chapel is in the Early English style and was designed by the architects Messrs Hadfield and Son with Mr. M.J. Dowling used as the contractor. It is built of dressed Greenmoor wallstone with Worrall stone dressing, internally it is 22 feet wide and 72 feet long, the roof is covered by Staffordshire tiles. At the chapel’s western end is a sixty foot high bell turret in which hangs a five cwt bell by Mears of London. The chapel was designated a Grade II listed building in December 1984. The cemetery’s most notable grave is the Walsh monument which is a Grade II listed structure. This is a vault and memorial constructed for the Walsh family, it consist of mostly granite and marble with decorative cast iron railings and a 1.5 metre high figure on top.
Interior.
The altar is made of polished marble and veined alabaster and has a figure of the dead Christ lying beneath it, sculpted by Messrs R. L. Boulton & Sons of Cheltenham. The chancel has a floor made of patterned encaustic tiles. John Francis Bentley designed the three east windows which feature, The Risen Christ, The Blessed Virgin and St John, they were produced by the firm of Lavers, Barraud and Westlake. In 1884 the Foster family financed improvements to the interior to the tune of £430. These featured designs by Nathaniel Westlake and Matthew Hadfield and included the west window (in memory of Father James Fitzgerald), the Sienese crucifix and wall paintings of the four Resurrections.
War Graves.
The cemetery contains the graves of 30 Commonwealth service personnel, registered and maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, 24 from World War I and 6 from World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="30962412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962412" title="Human-transcriptome database for alternative splicing">
Human-transcriptome database for alternative splicing

The Human-transcriptome DataBase for Alternative Splicing (H-DBAS) is a database of alternatively spliced human transcripts based on H-Invitational.

</doc>
<doc id="30962413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962413" title="Kristin Steinert">
Kristin Steinert

Kristin Steinert (born 3 September 1987) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2009. His best World Cup finish was third in the two-woman events at Lake Placid in December 2010. 
She won silver at the 2011 FIBT World Championships in Königssee in the mixed team event.

</doc>
<doc id="30962418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962418" title="1907 Targa Florio">
1907 Targa Florio

The 1907 Targa Florio was a Grand Prix motor race held at Madonie on 22 April 1907. It was run over 3 laps of the 92.473 mile circuit, totaling 277.42 miles.
Source.
II Targa Florio

</doc>
<doc id="30962424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962424" title="Lacombe pig">
Lacombe pig

The Lacombe is a breed of domestic pig native to Canada. Named for the Lacombe Research Centre in Lacombe, Alberta, the breed was the first strain of livestock developed in the country. 
Description.
The Lacombe is a white, medium-sized pig with a docile temperament. The breed has large drooping ears, is long bodied, rather short of leg, and quite meaty in conformation. The breed has been especially selected and noted for its rapidity of gain and docility, especially the sows. There has been much attention paid to litter size, weaning weight, growth rate, efficiency of feed conversion, carcass quality and physical soundness. 
History.
The development of the breed began in 1947 with crosses of Berkshire sows to boars of Danish Landrace and Chester White ancestry. The goal was to produce a pig that would be appropriate for crossing with the Yorkshire, the dominant breed in Canada at the time. The Lacombe was eventually unveiled to pork producers in 1957, and quickly grew to be a popular breed in Canada. The Lacombe breed is the fifth ranking breed of swine in Canada; 1,743 were registered in 1981, of which 648 were boars and 1,095 were females. 
The breeding program that founded the breed was conducted at the Canadian Department of Agriculture Research Station at Lacombe, Alberta, and was under the direction of Dr. J. G. Stothart and Dr. H. T. Fredeen. The breed was hence named after the location of the station. The foundation stock was top Berkshire sows obtained in Canada which were mated to Landrace-Chester White crossbred boars secured from the United States Department of Agriculture. Starting in 1947, twelve years of selective breeding and testing included 258 sires and 840 dams - all highly selected for performance. All Lacombes that entered the herd after 1954 were backcrossed with purebred Berkshires and those that produced any pigs with black hair were discarded. This insured genetic purity for the white color, because in swine, the white color is dominant to black. From 1954-57, Lacombes were evaluated in 60 commercial Yorkshire herds in Alberta and proved to have the performance, capabilities and meat qualities that were sought. 
Lacombe boars were released to the public in 1957. The first sows were made available a year later. When released, the breed was estimated to carry 56 percent Landrace, 23 percent Berkshire and 21 percent Chester White blood. Lacombes were accepted for registration by the Canadian National Livestock Records in 1957, and in 1959, the Canadian Lacombe Breeders' Association was incorporated under the Livestock Pedigree Act. 
Today the Lacombe breeding stock is held largely by a few private corporations, and is considered critically endangered by Rare Breeds Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="30962428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962428" title="Alfred Ghiro">
Alfred Ghiro

Alfred Ghiro (born August 13, 1968 in Baro, Makira) is a Solomon Islands politician.
He began his career in national politics when he was elected MP for East Makira in the August 2010 general election, standing as a candidate for the Democratic Party. The Democrats obtained thirteen seats out of fifty, making them by far the largest party in the National Parliament, but their leader Steve Abana failed to obtain the support of a parliamentary majority after the election, and thus became Leader of the Opposition to Prime Minister Danny Philip's government. Appointing his Shadow Cabinet, Abana made Ghiro Shadow Minister for Provincial Government and Institutional strengthening.
At some point, Ghiro defected to the parliamentary majority, becoming a government backbencher, despite being a member of the main opposition party. He subsequently defected back to the Opposition, accompanying several government ministers, on August 20, 2011. When those ministers rejoined the government the following month, he followed suit on February 21.
When Gordon Darcy Lilo replaced Philip as Prime Minister in November 2011, he appointed Ghiro as Minister for Public Service. On or around 1 March 2012, Lilo reshuffled Ghiro to the position of Minister for Fisheries, whereby he exchanged portfolios with Bradley Tovosia.

</doc>
<doc id="30962440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962440" title="Athanase Dali">
Athanase Dali

Athanase Dali (born 9 September 1967) is a former Ivorian rugby union player. He played as a fly-half.
The son of François Dali, the main introducer of rugby in Côte d’Ivoire, he graduated in Journalism in France in 1995. He played for Clamart Rugby 92 in France.
He had 7 caps for Côte d'Ivoire, scoring 2 conversions, 8 penalties and 1 drop goal, 31 points in aggregate. His debut was at 26 October 1993 in the 19-16 win over Tunisia in Tunes for the 1995 Rugby World Cup qualifiers, in a game where he scored a conversion, three penalties and one drop goal. After the surprising qualification of Côte d’Ivoire for the 1995 Rugby World Cup, he was the captain in their first game, an 89-0 loss to Scotland. He missed the following game and returned, as a substitute for the 29-11 loss to Tonga, at 3 June 1995, in Rustenburg, scoring two penalties. It would be his last game for his National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="30962458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962458" title="Nikolai Biasi">
Nikolai Biasi

Nikolai Nikalayevich Biasi () was a Soviet General, sportsman and writer.
Biasi was born into an Italian family which had long settled in Russia. His grandmother, Daria Lebeda was a well regarded opera singer and a favourite of Glinka. His grandfather, Alexander Palme was a member of the Petrashevsky Circle and was subject to last minute reprieve from execution together with Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
Biasi was initially educated in at the drama school in Odessa and appeared on the stage as a child. He moved with his family to St Petersburg at the age of 12. He fought in the Imperial Russian Army during World War I and joined the Bolsheviks after the revolution. During the Russian Civil War he fought on the Caucasus Front and was one of the commanders of the railway guards.
From 1922 Biasi developed a career in military education. In 1922 he taught in the Infantry School in Tbilisi. From 1923 to 1927 he was chief at TVOKU in Tashkent. In 1928-31 he was director of military studies at Tomsk University.
Biasi was appointed Military Attache to Italy between 1936 and 1938. He was the founding Principal of the Institute of Military Interpreters and ran the institute between 1940 and 1944, during this time he compiled several military dictionaries. During this time Biasi was deputy to the commander of the Caucasus Front and led a special mountain warfare school. Biasi was appointed Lieutenant General in 1944.
Biasi was a keen sportsman. He competed at football, boxing, yachting, athletics, shooting and cycling at the highest level in Russia. He became target rifle champion of Russia, one of the first football referees in the Soviet league and a boxing referee at major championships.
Biasi settled in Yessentuki, Stavropol Krai after his retirement.
Sources.
"This article is translated from Russian Wikipedia"

</doc>
<doc id="30962461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962461" title="H-Invitational">
H-Invitational

the H-Invitational Database (H-InvDB) is a comprehensive annotation resource for human genes and transcripts.

</doc>
