<doc id="31026376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026376" title="James Jones (cricketer)">
James Jones (cricketer)

James M Jones, known as Jimmy Jones, played first-class cricket for Somerset and Glamorgan in the 1920s. He also appeared in first-class cricket matches for the Wales team. Though his cricket career is well documented, very few personal details about him are known: his birthdate, birthplace and the date and place of his death are all unknown. 
Jones was a left-handed lower- or middle-order batsman and a wicketkeeper. He appeared for Somerset in a single match in the 1922 season, and then became a regular player as a professional for the first two-thirds of the 1923 season, though he kept wicket only when amateur players, in particular Dar Lyon were not available. In addition to occasionally keeping wicket, Jones often made useful runs. In the match against Gloucestershire at Taunton he batted at No 7 and top-scored in the first innings with 70, which was his highest score for Somerset. He batted at No 3 in other matches and from there he made 50 in the match against Worcestershire at Kidderminster.
Jones moved to Wales and played cricket for Gowerton Cricket Club while qualifying for Glamorgan. He played as a middle-order batsman and wicketkeeper in eight matches in 1928 and 1929, and against Essex at Leyton in 1928, scored 57 and 75, the second innings being the highest of his first-class career. "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" in its review of Glamorgan's 1928 season expressed the view that "Jones may become the regular stumper". But early in the 1929 season Jones lost his place in the side to Trevor Every and he never regained it. He played two first-class matches for the Wales side in 1929, but then played local cricket in South Wales before becoming coach at Denstone College and later a publican in Staffordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31026377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026377" title="¡Suicídate, mi amor!">
¡Suicídate, mi amor!

¡Suicídate, mi amor! ("Kill Yourself, My Love!") is a 1961 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026378" title="2011 Democratic Republic of the Congo coup d'état attempt">
2011 Democratic Republic of the Congo coup d'état attempt

The 2011 Democratic Republic of the Congo coup d'état attempt was an alleged coup attempt against President Joseph Kabila on February 27, 2011.
On February 27, 2011, between 1:00 pm and 1:30 pm, two groups of about one hundred people dressed in civilian clothes attacked the presidential residence in Gombe.
The President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo was not there at the time and was seen on the Boulevard du 30 Juin.
Six people died after being stopped by soldiers at a roadblock near the Kinshasa Presidential Palace. According to some other sources, seven attackers were killed, as well as two palace guards. Subsequent news reports indicated that 19 people died, consisting of 11 attackers and eight members of security forces.

</doc>
<doc id="31026380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026380" title="Hut 3">
Hut 3

Hut 3 was a wartime section of the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) at Bletchley Park tasked with the translation, interpretation and distribution of German Army (Heer) and Air Force (Luftwaffe) messages decyphered by Hut 6. The messages were largely encrypted by Enigma machines. 
Location.
Located initially in one of the original single-story wooden huts, the name “Hut 3” was retained when Huts 3, 6 & 8 moved to a new brick building, Block D, in February 1943. Then the decodes from Hut 6 for Hut 3 
which had been sent in a wooden tray from one hatch to another via a wooden tunnel between the huts were sent from the Hut 6 Decoding Room by a conveyor belt that “never stopped” 
Operation.
The Enigma “Red” cypher was the main cypher used by the Luftwaffe in every theatre where they operated. Red had been broken sporadically from the beginning of 1940, and from 22 May BP overcame some changes to the Enigma machines. From then on, Hut 6 broke Red daily to the end of the war, and it became the “constant staple” of ULTRA. Calvocoressi wrote that later in the war “we in Hut 3 would get a bit tetchy if Hut 6 had not broken Red by breakfast time.” 
Initially there were only four people in Hut 3, and there were serious personal frictions between them. They were the original leader Malcolm Saunders (Squadron Leader, RAF), Robert Humphreys (senior liaison officer with the Air Force), Captain Curtis (senior liaison officer with the War Office, who knew no German), and Cambridge academic F. L. Lucas who had been in the Intelligence Corps in WWI. Humphreys was “an excellent German linguist, but no team player. He wanted to get his own way. He found this difficult to do if only because Saunders had a mind of his own. Nigel de Grey described the situation as 'an imbroglio af conflicting jealousies, intrigues and differing opinions'. Initially Travis moved the three out of Hut 3 and put a small committee including Eric Jones in charge. As this did not work, Jones was made sole head in July 1942. Just over a year after he took over, H. S. Marchant was made his deputy, and the pair were in charge to the end of the war.” 
Army and Air Force Ultra was distributed by the SLUs (Special Liaison Units)] set up by Frederick Winterbotham. By the end of the war there were about 40 SLUs to 40 commands. Signals were given a priority from Z to ZZZZZ (the highest of 5), and about 100,000 signals were sent to commands during the war 
The rules of interpretation for Hut 3 were that if the text was not explicit the Hut 3 officer could not add his interpretation without qualification; for a 1944 SS Panzer message where the placename had been missed or corrupted when received, the officer did not say simply “Dreux” but would say “slight indications Dreux” or
“fair indications Dreux” or “strong indications Dreux”. They could also add glosses preceded by the word “Comment”. 
The Air Index had “hundreds of thousands” of cards about 5 by 9 inches; so important that they were photographed and stored in the underground stack of the Bodleian Library in Oxford in case they were destroyed by bombing. Run by “about two dozen girls” and a man who was a “strange genius”, it had cards for every individual, unit, place or equipment so that any previous reference to (say) Major So-and-So could be found. There were two card indexes, 3A & 3M. 
Personnel.
A photograph of the Officers of 3A in 1943 or 1944 names them as: Labertouche, Brooke, Faure, Newton-John, Haskins, Bragg, Ware, Squire, Calvocoressi, van Norden, Harrow, Myers, Pilley, Manners-Wood, Rose, Cullingham, Millward. 

</doc>
<doc id="31026382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026382" title="Safo'63">
Safo'63

Safo'63 is a 1963 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026383" title="Hristo Zlatanov">
Hristo Zlatanov

Hristo Zlatanov (Bulgarian: Христо Златанов - born 21 April 1976 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian-Italian volleyball player. He currently plays as spike for Copra Volley. He is the son of Dimitar Zlatanov.

</doc>
<doc id="31026396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026396" title="Romeo contra Julieta">
Romeo contra Julieta

Romeo contra Julieta ("Romeo Against Juliet") is a 1968 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza and stars Angelica Maria.

</doc>
<doc id="31026399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026399" title="Marriage in South Africa">
Marriage in South Africa

Marriage in South Africa exists in a number of different forms, as a result of the diversity of religions and cultures in the country. Historically the legal definition of marriage, derived from the Roman-Dutch law, was limited to monogamous marriages between opposite-sex couples. Since 1998 the law has recognised marriages, including polygynous marriages, conducted under African customary law, and in 2006 South Africa became the fifth country in the world to allow same-sex marriage. According to the 2011 census, 36.7% of South Africans aged 20 or older were married. During the year 2011 a total of 173,215 new marriages were recorded.
Marrying.
There are three different laws under which a marriage may be formed in South Africa:
A person may only be married under one of these laws at a time, except that a couple in a monogamous customary marriage can contract a marriage with each other under the Marriage Act.
Marriages under the Marriage Act and the Civil Union Act must be solemnized by a marriage officer and in the presence of two witnesses. Magistrates are "ex officio" marriage officers, and civil servants (in practise usually officials of the Department of Home Affairs) are appointed as marriage officers by the Minister of Home Affairs. The Minister may also appoint ministers of religion as marriage officers; they cannot solemnize marriages under the Civil Union Act unless their denomination has applied to the Minister to be registered to do so.
The spouses must be over 18 to form a valid marriage, except that a girl over 15 may marry under the Marriage Act with the consent of her parents. A person may not marry his or her direct ancestor or descendant, sibling, uncle or aunt, niece or nephew, or the ancestor or descendant of an ex-spouse.
Financial consequences.
There are several marital property regimes which can apply to a marriage in South Africa. By default, if a couple does not sign an antenuptial contract before the marriage, they are married in community of property, which means that all of their assets and liabilities (even those acquired before the marriage) are merged into a single estate, in which each spouse has an undivided half-share. Each spouse has equal power to deal independently with the estate, except that certain major transactions require the consent of both spouses.
Spouses can marry under a different property regime by executing an antenuptial contract before a notary public; to be effective against third parties, the contract must also be registered in a deeds registry. An antenuptial contract can exclude community of property so that each spouse maintains a separate estate with separate assets and liabilities. The contract can also make specific provision for the handling of property and its distribution after death or divorce. In marriages contracted since 1984 with an antenuptial contract, the accrual system will apply to the marriage unless it is specifically excluded by the contract. Under the accrual system, the spouses' property remains separate for the duration of the marriage, but at the time of death or divorce their estates are adjusted so that the difference in "accrual" between the two estates is divided equally. "Accrual" is the increase of the net value of the estate from the marriage's commencement to its dissolution. However, the accrual system does not apply if one of the estates is insolvent at the time the marriage ends. In calculating the adjustment, the minimum value an estate of a party can have is zero; negative estate values are not taken into account.
The financial consequences of marriages under African customary law entered into before 2000 are governed by the applicable customary law. In those entered into after 2000, if the marriage is monogamous the same rules apply as for civil marriages. If the marriage involves a second or subsequent wife, the law requires the husband to apply to court to approve a written contract that will regulate the future matrimonial property system of his marriages.
The doctrine of the marital power, which gave the husband exclusive control over the estate in a marriage in community of property, and the power to administer the wife's estate in a marriage out of community of property, was abolished in 1984 for all future marriages, and in 1993 for all marriages.
Divorce.
South African law provides for no-fault divorce based on the "irretrievable breakdown" of the marital relationship. The courts may accept any relevant evidence of breakdown, but the law specifically mentions one year's separation, adultery, and habitual criminality as factors which may prove irretrievable breakdown. A divorce may also be obtained on the grounds of incurable mental illness for two years, or continuous unconsciousness for six months.
Divorce cases are heard in the High Courts or, since 2010, in the regional civil magistrates' courts. A court has the jurisdiction to hear a divorce if either of the spouses is legally domiciled within the geographical jurisdiction of the court, or if either spouse is "ordinarily resident" (i.e. normally lives in) the jurisdiction and has been ordinarily resident in South Africa for at least a year.
Divorce of same-sex couples is subject to the same law as divorce of opposite-sex couples. Divorce for marriages under customary law is also subject to the civil law, with certain modifications to account for the fact that customary marriages may be polygynous.
Statistics.
According to the 2011 census, of South Africans aged 20 or older, 43.7% had never been married, 36.7% were married at the time of the census, 11.0% were living together like married partners, 5.7% were widowed, 0.9% were separated, and 1.9% were divorced.
In 2011, the Department of Home Affairs registered 167,264 marriages under the Marriage Act, 5,084 customary marriages under the Recognition of Customary Marriages Act, and 867 marriages or civil partnerships under the Civil Union Act. In the same year 20,980 divorces were reported.

</doc>
<doc id="31026402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026402" title="Persíguelas y alcanzalas">
Persíguelas y alcanzalas

Persíguelas y alcanzalas () is a 1969 Mexican film written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026408" title="Pancho Tequila">
Pancho Tequila

Pancho Tequila is a 1970 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026412" title="Hut 4">
Hut 4

Hut 4 was a wartime section of the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) at Bletchley Park tasked with the translation, interpretation and distribution of German Navy (Kriegsmarine) messages decyphered by Hut 8. The messages were largely encrypted by Enigma machines. As the Kriegsmarine operated Enigma more securely, Hut 8 had less information for Ultra than Hut 6 which handled Army and Air Force messages. Hut 4 also broke various hand cyphers and some Italian naval traffic. 
Location.
Located initially in one of the original single-story wooden huts, the name "Hut 4" was retained when the section moved to a new brick building, Block A, in 1941. 
Operation.
Naval Ultra was handled differently from Army and Air Force Ultra because the Admiralty was an operational HQ and could give orders during a battle; while the Imperial General Staff (Army) and Air Staff would give commanders general orders say to “clear the enemy out of Africa” without telling him how to do it. Hence verbartim translations of naval decodes were sent to the Naval Intelligence Division (NID) of the Admiralty's Operational Intelligence Centre (OIC) in London and nowhere else (except for some naval intelligence sent directly from BP to Commanders-in-Chief in the Mediterranean).
Hut 4 also decoded a manual system known as the "dockyard cipher". This sometimes carried messages that were also sent on an Enigma network. Feeding these back to Hut 8 provided excellent "cribs" for breaking the current naval Enigma key.

</doc>
<doc id="31026414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026414" title="La chamuscada">
La chamuscada

La chamuscada ("The Charred") is a 1971 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026417" title="Presagio">
Presagio

Presagio ("Omen") is a 1975 Mexican film directed and written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026424" title="HMIS Clive (L79)">
HMIS Clive (L79)

HMIS "Clive" (L79) was a sloop, commissioned in 1920 into the Royal Indian Marine (RIM).
She served during World War II in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN), the successor to the RIM. Her pennant number was changed to U79 in 1940. Although originally built as a minesweeper, she was primarily used as a convoy escort during the war. She was scrapped soon after the end of the war.
History.
HMIS "Clive" was ordered under the Emergency War Programme of World War I, she was completed after the end of the war. During World War II, she was a part of the Eastern Fleet. She escorted numerous convoys in the Indian Ocean 1942-45.
She was decommissioned and scrapped in 1947, soon after the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="31026427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026427" title="Maha Naji Salah">
Maha Naji Salah

Maha Naji Salah is a Yemeni writer and social activist. She was born in Sanaa in 1978 and studied at the University of Sanaa where she was involved in student journalism. She started writing and publishing short stories in 1996. She has since gone on to found an NGO called the Ebhar Foundation for Childhood and Creativeness.

</doc>
<doc id="31026428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026428" title="Cucao and Huillinco">
Cucao and Huillinco

Cucao and Huillinco are two lakes in central Chiloé Island, Chile, linked by a strait forming one hydrologic lake. The two lakes are orinted in west-east fashion cutting of the Chilean Coast Range in Chiloé Island into two ranges; Piuchén to north and Pirulil to the south. The outlet of the lakes, Desaguadero or Cucao River lies at Cucao Lakes western end, and flows into the Pacific. 

</doc>
<doc id="31026429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026429" title="En la trampa">
En la trampa

En la trampa ("In the Trap") is a 1979 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026435" title="7000 días juntos">
7000 días juntos

7000 días juntos () is a 1994 film directed by Fernando Fernán Gómez. It was written by Fernando Fernán Gómez Javier García Maurino Fernando Morales and stars Pilar Bardem, José Sacristán, Chus Lampreave, Maria Barranco, Agustín González and Tina Sainz.

</doc>
<doc id="31026437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026437" title="Pesadilla para un rico">
Pesadilla para un rico

Pesadilla para un rico () is a 1996 Mexican film written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026441" title="Geisingberg">
Geisingberg

The Geisingberg is a striking basalt mountain in the eastern Ore Mountains in the German federal state of Saxony.
Location and surrounding area.
The Geisingberg lies in the upper Eastern Ore Mountains between the mining town of Altenberg and the village of Geising. On its northern and western slopes runs the track of the Müglitz Valley Railway. With a maximum incline here of 1:27 (37 per mil) it is one of the steepest working railway lines in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31026443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026443" title="Mareham Lane">
Mareham Lane

Mareham Lane is an unclassified road between Graby and Sleaford in Lincolnshire, England. It is approximately long.
The Roman Road.
For most of its length Mareham Lane follows the route of a minor Roman road, and the name is also used for that Roman road from Bourne to the original ford at Sleaford and perhaps on to Lincoln (Lindum Colonia).
Margary numbers.
Dr Margary allocated the following numbers in his classification scheme: 

</doc>
<doc id="31026446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026446" title="La Torre de los suplicios">
La Torre de los suplicios

La Torre de los suplicios ("The Tower of Torture") is a 1941 Mexican film. It stars Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026448" title="Guo Li Zhuang">
Guo Li Zhuang

Guo Li Zhuang () is a restaurant brand that specializes in dishes prepared from the genitals (penises and testicles) of male animals from a wide variety of species such as horse, ox, donkey, dog, deer, goat, sheep, and snake. The first restaurant was opened by the Guo family in the Chinatown of Atlanta, Georgia in 1956 on the occasion of the birth of Jason Guo, the eldest son in the 7th generation of the Guo family. The first Guo Li Zhuang restaurant in Beijing was opened in November 2006. Since then, restaurants have been opened in several locations in Beijing. The name of the restaurant is derived from homophones of the family name of its founder (Guo), the family name of his wife (Li), as well as the nickname of his son (Zhuang) and literally means "the strength inside the pot". The dishes are supposed to include medicinal secrets passed down in the Guo family and are often given poetic names such as "The Essence of the Golden Buddha," "Phoenix Rising," "Jasmine Flowers with 1,000 Layers", "Look for the Treasure in the Desert Sand", "Head crowned with a Jade Bracelet", and "Dragon in the Flame of Desire".
Beyond genitals, the restaurant also carries such curious (and rare) delicacies as stewed deer face, sheep foetus in brown garlic sauce, and peacock claws.

</doc>
<doc id="31026453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026453" title="La Vírgen morena">
La Vírgen morena

La Vírgen morena ("The Brunette Virgin") is a 1942 Mexican drama film directed by Gabriel Soria.

</doc>
<doc id="31026458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026458" title="El rayo del sur">
El rayo del sur

El rayo del sur ("The Ray of the South") is a 1943 Mexican film. It stars Domingo Soler.

</doc>
<doc id="31026464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026464" title="Rosa de las nieves">
Rosa de las nieves

Rosa de las nieves ("Rose of the Snows") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026466" title="Matthew Giobbi">
Matthew Giobbi

Matthew Tyler Giobbi (born 1974) is an author, photographer and educator in the fields of science criticism, philosophy, media theory, psychoanalysis and psychology. He has written ""A Postcognitive Negation: The Sadomasochistic Dialectic of American Psychology"", "An "A" Effort: The College Student's Guide to Success", and is the Editor of The International Association of Transdisciplinary Psychology Giobbi is the Erich Fromm Research Associate at the European Graduate School in Switzerland. Giobbi teaches courses on media psychology and the history of psychology at Rutgers University at Newark.

</doc>
<doc id="31026467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026467" title="El Capitán Malacara">
El Capitán Malacara

El Capitán Malacara ("Captain Malacara") is a 1945 Mexican film directed by Carlos Orellana. It stars Pedro Armendáriz and Manolita Saval.

</doc>
<doc id="31026473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026473" title="Holy Week in Viveiro">
Holy Week in Viveiro

Holy Week in Viveiro ("Semana Santa de Viveiro") is one of the most important traditional events of Viveiro, Spain. It is celebrated in the week leading up to Easter (Holy Week among Christians), and is one of the best known religious events within Galicia. As a reflection of its importance, is also considered as a Fiesta of International Tourist Interest of Spain since 2013. 
This week features the procession of "pasos", floats of lifelike wooden sculptures of individual scenes of the events of the Passion, or images of the Virgin Mary showing restrained grief for the torture and killing of her son. Some of the sculptures are of great antiquity and are considered artistic masterpieces, as well as being culturally and spiritually important to the local Catholic population.
During Holy Week, the city is crowded with residents and visitors, drawn by the spectacle and atmosphere. The impact is particularly strong for the Catholic community. The processions are organised by "hermandades" and "cofradías", religious brotherhoods. During the processions, members precede the "pasos", dressed in penitential robes. They may also be accompanied by brass bands.
The processions work along a designated route from their home churches and chapels, usually via a central viewing area and back. As of 2011, a total of 15 processions are scheduled for the week, from the previous Friday to Palm Sunday through to Easter Sunday afternoon.

</doc>
<doc id="31026478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026478" title="Nationaal Songfestival">
Nationaal Songfestival

Nationaal Songfestival (the National Song Festival in Dutch) is the name for the Dutch preselection for the Eurovision Song Contest. It started in 1956. It was organized until 1969 by Dutch television Nederlandse Televisie Stichting (NTS). Then the broadcaster Nederlandse Omroep Stichting (NOS) took over the event but in 1996, 2003, 2004 and 2005 the broadcaster TROS organized the event and the broadcaster VARA does that in 2007 and 2008. In 2009 TROS took over the event. In 2014, TROS along with Avro (later AvroTros) took ever the event for the year.
In 1961, 1980, 2008 and 2013, the Dutch entry to the Eurovision Song Contest was not chosen through a national contest but representative was assigned by a committee. In 1963, the Nationaal Songfestival event for 1963 was canceled because of a strike.
In 1985, 1991, 1995 and 2002, Netherlands did not participate in the Eurovision Song Contest.
Over the years there were many different formats chosen for the Dutch contribution to be determined.
In 2007, 2009 and 2011, the representing artist(s) was designated in advance, but the song was chosen during the Nationaal Songfestival.
In 2010, Pierre Kartner was internally designated as a lyricist and composer. Then, during the competition, five candidates were chosen to interpret the song written by Kartner.

</doc>
<doc id="31026481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026481" title="Diocese of Central Europe">
Diocese of Central Europe

The Serbian Orthodox Diocese of Central Europe () is a Serbian Orthodox Church diocese in central Europe. It has its headquarters in Hildesheim-Himmelsthür, Germany. The diocese operates churches in Austria, Germany, and Switzerland.
By July 2011 a new Eparchy of Austria, Switzerland and Italy was installed, by now administrated by Irinej (Mirko Bulović), bishop of Bačka.

</doc>
<doc id="31026483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026483" title="Pointe au Baril">
Pointe au Baril

Pointe au Baril may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31026491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026491" title="La casa de la Troya">
La casa de la Troya

La casa de la Troya ("The House of Troy") is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026499" title="Sidi Fredj Halimi">
Sidi Fredj Halimi

Sidi Fredj Halimi was the Chief Rabbi of Constantine during about sixty years at the beginning of the 20th century. The meaning of his name, Fredj, in English is "consolation". Sidi Fredj is called by his relatives "Baba Laaziz", meaning "beloved father" in English. 
Sidi Fredj Halimi was born on October 23, 1876 in Constantine, shortly after all the Jews of Algeria received French nationality following the Cremieux decree in 1870. He died on September 25, 1957, the eve of Jewish New Year, and was buried in the Jewish cemetery in this city. His death occurred a short time before the massive emigration of virtually all Algerian Jews, following the events of Algerian war (1961–63). 
Sidi Fredj Halimi was the spiritual father of the Jews living in Constantine, and his reputation spread during his life far beyond that city, in Algeria as well in the neighboring countries of North Africa and in the Jewish community of France. He also maintained a correspondence with famous rabbis from different European countries. So far he is still one of the most revered figures of Algerian Judaism in France and in Israel. In recognition for his work for the nation, Sidi Fredj Halimi received from the French government the order of Knight of the Legion of Honour.
Biography.
Fredj Halimi was the son of Rabbi Sidi Abraham Halimi (called by his relatives "Sidi Baha") and Bendkia Zerbib, called by her family "Ma Bendkia", daughter of Rabbi Shimon Zerbib. By his father's side Sidi Fredj comes from an illustrious line of rabbis, including his father Sidi Benjamin Halimi and his grandfather Rabbi Khalfalah Halimi. By his mother's side too, he comes from an illustrious line of rabbis going back to the famous Rabbi Messa'oud (also known as "El Hasid", author of "Zerah Haemeth") of the 18th century. 
Sidi Fredj's parents were poor, and the situation even worsened when Rabbi Abraham Halimi died when Sidi Fredj reached the age of 13. As teenager, he studied thoroughly at the Yeshiva Jewish studies: the Torah, both Talmuds, the Halakha and the Haggadah, but at the same time he had to work to support his family (his mother, his brother, Sidi Khai and his sisters, Clara and Esther). In a few years he acquired an excellent knowledge in Judaism, and this was noticed by the community leaders. He was appointed as "Dayan" (simple judge) at the age of 18, "Rosh Beth Din" (rabbinical court president) at the age of 21, and finally he was appointed as the Chief-Rabbi of Constantine at the age of 24.
Personality and influence.
He was a rabbi with a boundless devotion to his community. He was in good relation with all the Jews of the community without distinction, whatever their religious or political views. He succeeded by his influence to preserve the unity of the community, that at a period of profound social and cultural upheaveals due to the francization of the Algerian Jews. He also worked tirelessly to improve the plight of the poor, and was the president of many associations working in the framework of the community, such as the charity association, the Talmud Torah, etc.. An event illustrating his great fame is that the position of Chief Rabbi of Tunisia was proposed to him during the Algerian war. He refused, saying that a rabbi must be familiar with his community and this since a young age, so by attachment to his own community. We can describe his personality in this way: "His erudition and wisdom were matched by his dedication and humility".
Family.
Sidi Fredj Halimi married Tefakha Bitoun (called by her relatives "Ma Tefakha") and had eight children, seven daughters (Myriam, Turkia, Pauline, Georgette, Blanche, Julie and Suzanne) as well as one son, Abner Shalom. His daughter Myriam, divorced only a few years after her wedding, died young, leaving her son Gilbert Mordechai Achour orphan at the age of 9. Then his grandparents adopted him and raised him as one of their own children. All his children left Algeria in the early sixties following Algeria's independence, settling mostly in the Paris and Marseilles regions. Some if his descendants later emigrated to Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="31026513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026513" title="Ciara Conway (politician)">
Ciara Conway (politician)

Ciara Conway (born 13 August 1980) is an Irish Labour Party politician. She was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency at the 2011 general election.
A former member of Dungarvan Town Council, she was first elected to the council at the 2009 local elections.
Conway seconded the nomination of Enda Kenny as Taoiseach at the start of the 31st Dáil. She is married to Gary Honer.

</doc>
<doc id="31026522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026522" title="Operation Jackpot (drug investigation)">
Operation Jackpot (drug investigation)

Operation Jackpot was a federal drug task force based in South Carolina that captured and convicted more than 100 marijuana smugglers from 1983 to 1986 during President Ronald Reagan's War on Drugs. Among the chief targets of Operation Jackpot were South Carolina marijuana kingpins Barry Foy and Les Riley, who stood accused of smuggling 347,000 pounds of marijuana and 130,000 pounds of hashish into the United States. Known as the 'gentlemen smugglers' because of their college educations and aversion to violence, Foy, Riley and their associates regularly sailed drug-laden boats from Jamaica, Colombia and Lebanon through the marshes of the Eastern Seaboard. Because of lax drug coastal patrols, hometown familiarity and a plethora of inlets, South Carolina was the gentlemen smugglers' most frequent destination for offloading drugs.
Organized by U.S. Attorney Henry McMaster, Operation Jackpot was one of the first federal drug task forces to use newly enacted federal civil forfeiture laws to combat drug smugglers by seizing the gentlemen smugglers' assets, including homes, cars, money and boats. Operation Jackpot was also one of the first federal task forces to combine investigators from a variety of federal agencies, including the Internal Revenue Service, U.S. Customs, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Drug Enforcement Administration and U.S. Customs Patrol. Ultimately, Operation Jackpot would indict four smuggling rings operating in South Carolina. Many of the smugglers and kingpins evaded arrest for years, resulting in manhunts across the United States and world through the early and mid-1980s, and captures in Antigua, Australia, Miami, New York, and San Diego. The last fugitive from Operation Jackpot was arrested in 2007.
Foy has since established himself as a budding actor and played man number 1 in Spooks.

</doc>
<doc id="31026536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026536" title="Effects of climate change on terrestrial animals">
Effects of climate change on terrestrial animals

Climate change has had a significant direct effect on terrestrial animals, by being a major driver of the processes of speciation and extinction. The best known example of this is the Carboniferous Rainforest Collapse which occurred 350 million years ago. This event decimated amphibian populations and spurred on the evolution of reptiles.
Climate change is a natural event that has occurred throughout history. However, with the recent increased emission of CO2 in the Earth's atmosphere, abrupt climate change has occurred. It has been hypothesized that anthropogenic greenhouse gas forcing has significantly influenced global climate since about 8000 before present (Van Hoof 2006).
Animals have had specific responses to climate change. Species respond to climate changes by migration, adaptation, or if neither of those occur, death. These migrations can sometimes follow an animal's preferred temperature, elevation, soil, etc., as said terrain moves due to climate change. Adaptation can be either genetic or phenological, and death can occur in a local population only (extirpation) or as an entire species, otherwise known as extinction.
Climate changes is projected to affect individual organisms, populations, species distributions and ecosystem composition and function both directly (ex. Increased temperatures and changes in precipitation) and indirectly (through climate changing the intensity and frequency of disturbances such as wildfires and severe storms)(IPCC 2002).
Every organism has a unique set of preferences or requirements, a niche and biodiversity has been tied to the diversity of animals' niches. These can include or be affected by temperature, aridity, resource availability, habitat requirements, enemies, soil characteristics, competitors, and pollinators. Since the factors that compose a niche can be so complex and interconnected, the niches of many animals are bound to be affected by climate change (Parmesan Yohe 2003).
One study done by Camille Parmesan and Gary Yohe from University of Texas, Austin shows the global fingerprint of climate change on natural systems. The results of their global analysis of 334 species were recorded to demonstrate the correlation of patterns consistent with global climate change of the 20th century. Using the IPCC's (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) ‘levels of confidence’, this study proved significant nonrandom behavioral changes due to global climate change with very high confidence (>95). Furthermore, an accuracy of 74-91% change in species has displayed predicted change for species in response to climate change.
Direct impact.
Habitat fragmentation.
During the Carboniferous Rainforest Collapse, the vast and lush rainforests of Euramerica were destroyed, fragmenting into small 'islands' in a much less diverse landscape. This event decimated amphibian populations and spurred on the evolution of reptiles.
Increased temperatures.
“Average Temperature changes do not in themselves provide simple predictions about evological consequences. Average temperatures have changed more in high latitudes than in the tropics, but tropic species are likely more sensitive to temperature changes than temperate ones (IPCC 2008).”
Q10 is the rate of change of a biological or chemical system as a consequence of increasing the temperature by 10 °C.
Phenology.
Phenology is the life cycles of animals or plants due to seasonal or other variable climate changes. These responses by animals due to climate change may or may not be genetic
Migration.
Range shifts.
Range shifts are a natural response to climate change. Species with sufficient levels of mobility may respond quickly to environmental change, with species capable of undertaking long migratory movements likely to shift ranges first (Lundy "et al.," 2010). Migration is not limited to animal populations - plants can migrate via passive seed dispersal, establishing new individuals where conditions allow.
“The range of plants and animals are moving in response to recent changes in climate (Loarie 2009).” As Temperature increases, ecosystems are particularly threatened when their niche has, essentially no were else to move to. This hindrance is particularly prevalent in mountain ranges for example. The speed at which climate is changing is derived from ratio of temporal and spatial gradients of mean annual near-surface temperature.
“Mountainous biomes require the slowest velocities to keep pace with climate change. In contrast, flatter biomes, such as flooded grasslands, mangroves and deserts require much greater velocities. Overall, there is a strong correlation between topographic slope and velocity from temperature change (Loarie 2009).”
Temperatures are expected to rise more than average in higher latitudes and at higher elevations. Animals living at lower elevations could migrate to higher elevations in response to climate change as temperatures rises. Whereas animals in higher elevations will eventually ‘run out of mountain’. “Results confirmed that protected large-scale elevation gradients retain diversity by allowing species to migrate in response to climate and vegetation change. The long-recognized importance of protecting landscapes has never been greater"(Moritz 2008).
Over the past 40 years, species have been extending their ranges toward the poles and populations have been migrating, developing, or reproducing earlier in the spring than previously (Huntley 2007).
Adaptation.
The 2007, IPCC's report stated that “adaptation will be necessary to address impacts resulting from the warming which is already unavoidable due to past emissions.” (IPCC 2007)
Changes in phenology.
As mentioned earlier, phenology is the changing in timing of an animal’s behavior due to climatic circumstances. It may or may not be genetic. These genetic changes in animal populations have involved adaptation to the timing of seasonal events or to season length. For example, the Canadian red squirrels are reproducing earlier in the spring, thereby capitalizing on earlier spruce cone production (Huntley 2007).
Because of the increasing evidence that humans have had a significant impact on global climate over the previous centuries, many scientists wonder how species—and the ecosystems they live in—will adapt to these changes, or if they even can.
Usually the first and most easily detectable response is a change in the species’ phenotype, or its physical features. But there is a debate among scientists over whether or not these changes reflect an adaptive genetic evolution or simply phenotypic plasticity.
A recently published study by Franks "et al." sought to demonstrate that a shift in the annual flowering time of the Bassica Rapa plant in response to a multi-annual drought is southern California is in fact an adaptive evolutionary response. Based on the study, they concluded that post-drought genotypes appeared to be better adapted to shorter growing seasons than the pre-drought genotypes, and that this was a result of adaptive evolution.
Huntley counters the findings of Franks "et al." (Huntley 2007) with a study by Wu, "et al." (Wu L 1975) which provided evidence that not only different species but also different populations of the same species exhibited markedly different potentials for the selection of heavy metal tolerant genotypes. This lead Bradshaw and McNeilly to conclude that different populations of the same species can adapt their phenology to survive in the short term and at local sites, but genetic variation across an entire species in response to rapid climate change is not possible (Bradshaw 1991).
Huntley concludes that while some evolution is likely to occur in some species in relation to global climate change, it is unlikely to be sufficient to mitigate the effects of said changes, especially if they occur as rapidly as has happened in the past.
In refuting the findings of Franks, "et al.", Huntley concludes:
“Although the demonstration of an evolutionary basis for a phenotypic response may be interesting, it is insufficient to overturn the conclusions of Bradshaw and McNeilly (Bradshaw 1991). Evolutionary adaptation is unlikely to be of major importance in the response of species to the climatic changes expected this century. Furthermore, even its limited potential is likely to be severely reduced as a consequence of habitat and population fragmentation, and of the rapidity and magnitude of the expected climatic changes, that together are likely to lead to rapid genetic impoverishment of many populations. A more likely outcome is that, rather as in the grasslands developed on heavy metal contaminated soils, a small number of species that happen to have the necessary genetic variance will come to dominate many plant communities, with potentially far-reaching consequences for biodiversity, ecosystem function and the ecosystem services upon which mankind depends (Huntley 2007).”
There are many ways that an animal can alter its behavior. The timing of their Reproduction, Mating, and migration, or the changes in abundance-changes in timing of feeding, etc.,
Evolutionary.
Adaptive shifts in the timing of seasonal events should precede adaptive shifts of thermal optima or increased heat tolerance over evolutionary time, and that is the pattern that is emerging (Bradshaw 1991).
It has been hypothesized that as temperature increases, body size would decrease. Smaller body size would dissipate heat more efficiently, so in an increased temperature environment one would expect an animal to be smaller. The opposite also holds true, when temperature decreases, studies have shown with great correlation that body size increases. This was shown.
Climate change has been associated with changes in plant as well as animal size.
Factors contributing to adaption.
Short generational times as for many microbial disease organisms, small insects, common fisheries species and annual plants are thought to be highly more adaptive.
Wide dispersal areas allow animals to migrate and move to an environment better suitable in an effort to handle climate change.
Broad climatic tolerance is essentially the ability an animal has to withstand a large range of conditions. For example, the kangaroo has a very broad climatic tolerance.
Generalists are non-habitat species in that they are not restricted to a very specific location, environment, food source, etc. The American Coyote is an example of a generalist.
Opportunistic species feed and adapt to many changes.
Factors hindering adaption.
Long generation times limit the rate at which a species can become more varied.
Poorly dispersed animals are unable to migrate and essentially escape and survive the climate change.
Narrow climatic tolerance in animals inhibits animals to adapt because their basic survival needs cannot range in location, temperature or resources.
Population confined to one geographic location does not have a simple option of migration- such as animals that live in cold regions at the tops of low-lying mountains. These animals are in habitats that will run out as climate change increases and global warming becomes more impacted.
Extinction or extirpation.
According to Stuart L. Pimm and his coauthors, human actions have raised species extinction or extirpation rates to three orders of magnitude above their natural, background rates. Pimm says that " predict that 400 to 500 of the worlds 8500 landbird species will go extinct by 2100 with a warming estimate of 2.8 degrees Celsius. A further 2150 species will be at risk of extinction" (Pimm 2009).
Given that species have limits to where they can exist, if conditions are unfavorable, mortality will be high and a species will be absent or rare in those areas. The corresponding graph representing this statement can be seen. The graph represents an experiment conducted using sand shrimp and their relative mortality rates based on salinity and temperature in a controlled environment. If climate change prompted the particular animal’s environment to become more or less salty, or too hot or too cold, and the organism was unable to move or to adapt, it would instead become extinct.
In Australia, the Grey-headed Robin is restricted to rainforests of the Wet Tropics region; and another population in the New Guinea highlands.
Although in some places it can be locally common, this bird's range is very restricted; it is found only in the north east of Queensland, and there only in the higher altitude rainforest. This is a projection of its range as climate change continues. This animal could be considered in danger of extinction.
A similar but more dramatic prediction is cast for the Lemuroid Ringtail Possum. As one can see, with a high enough temperature (climate) shift, this animal will become extinct.
Global warming as caused by humans is confirmed by the IPCC fourth Assessment to be “very likely”. This being the case, a tipping point may be reached for many species, leading ultimately to extinction (Pimm 2009).
Sometimes a species may react in one of the other two ways, by moving or by adapting, and yet find that its efforts do not save it from extinction. While not yet extinct, the Pied Flycatcher, a small insectivorous bird that migrates to Western Europe from Africa each spring, has declined to 10% of its former population. This has occurred at the same time as a main food source for the young flycatchers, caterpillars, have begun to peak much earlier. Although the birds have also begun to arrive earlier, they have not yet caught up to the peaking of the caterpillars. This individual species may or may not go extinct, but it goes to demonstrate that a species can sometimes begin to move or adapt and yet find itself dying nevertheless (Pimm 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="31026543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026543" title="Nate 'n Al of Beverly Hills">
Nate 'n Al of Beverly Hills

Nate 'n Al of Beverly Hills (spelling as officially used by the deli) is a famous delicatessen located on Beverly Drive in the Rodeo Drive shopping area of Beverly Hills, California. It has been a significant part of Beverly Hills and Hollywood culture since the 1950s, often serving as an informal office and meeting place for show business personalities, agents and executives, as well as wannabes hoping to break into "the business". In this regard, Nate 'n Al is similar to other well-known Hollywood and Beverly Hills restaurants such as Dan Tana, Spago and Canter's Deli.
History.
Nate 'n Al opened on Beverly Drive in 1945. The founders were Al Mendelson (a Russian native who moved to California from Detroit) and Nate Reimer, also from Detroit.
Nate 'n Al's Delicatessen is mentioned in the March 1969 episode of "Get Smart", season 4 called "The Not-so-great-escape", a two-part episode.
Menu.
Nate 'n Al serves both non-kosher and classic Jewish-style deli food. Breakfast specialties include lox, eggs and onions omelets, bacon and eggs, and similar fare. Sandwiches such as reubens, hot pastrami and roast beef are also available. Pickles are served with most meals.
Celebrities associated with Nate 'n Al's.
- John Belushi often ate breakfast there<br>
- Larry King is at Nate 'n Al's many times each week<br>
- Alice Cooper<br>
- Groucho Marx<br>
- Danny Thomas<br>
- Doris Day<br>
- Regis Philbin<br>
- Michael Chiklis<br>
- Kareem Abdul Jabbar

</doc>
<doc id="31026550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026550" title="Resolution Party">
Resolution Party

The Resolution Party ("Határozati Párt") was one of the two political groups of the National Assembly of 1861 in Hungary. The group was led by Count László Teleki.

</doc>
<doc id="31026551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026551" title="Oriol Riera">
Oriol Riera

Oriol Riera Magem (born 3 July 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Wigan Athletic in England as a striker.
Club career.
Born in Vic, Barcelona, Catalonia, Riera played youth football with La Liga giants FC Barcelona, but spent the vast majority of his tenure with the club in representation of the C and B-teams. His official input with the main squad consisted of 13 minutes in a 4–0 away win against Ciudad de Murcia for the season's Copa del Rey – when he was still a junior – on 17 December 2003.
After leaving the "Blaugrana", Riera resumed his career in Segunda División B, where he played with Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa and Celta de Vigo B. With the latter's main squad he appeared in five Segunda División games, four as a starter.
From 2009 to 2012 Riera competed in the second level, with Córdoba CF and AD Alcorcón. He scored 18 goals in his second year with the latter (including a hat-trick in a 3–1 success at UD Las Palmas on 8 September 2012), helping it to the promotion play-offs.
On 5 July 2013, Riera signed for three seasons with CA Osasuna. He made his La Liga debut on 18 August, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 1–2 home loss to Granada CF; his first goal in the competition came on 20 September of the same year, in a 2–1 win against Elche CF also at the El Sadar Stadium.
On 28 June 2014, after Osasuna's relegation, Riera agreed to a three-year deal with Wigan Athletic of the Football League Championship, for a reported £2 million fee.
International career.
Riera played his first match for the representative Catalan national team on 30 December 2013, scoring the last goal in a 4–1 win over Cape Verde at the Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys.

</doc>
<doc id="31026560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026560" title="Fenchel–Nielsen coordinates">
Fenchel–Nielsen coordinates

In mathematics, Fenchel–Nielsen coordinates are coordinates for Teichmüller space introduced by Werner Fenchel and Jakob Nielsen.
Definition.
Suppose that "S" is a compact Riemann surface of genus "g" > 1. The Fenchel–Nielsen coordinates depend on a choice of 6"g" − 6 curves on "S", as follows. The Riemann surface "S" can be divided up into 2"g" − 2 pairs of pants by cutting along 3"g" − 3 disjoint simple closed curves. For each of these 3"g" − 3 curves γ, choose an arc crossing it that ends in other boundary components of the pairs of pants with boundary containing γ.
The Fenchel–Nielsen coordinates for a point of the Teichmüller space of "S" consist of 3"g" − 3 positive real numbers called the lengths and 3"g" − 3 real numbers called the twists. A point of Teichmüller space is represented by a hyperbolic metric on "S".
The lengths of the Fenchel–Nielsen coordinates are the lengths of geodesics homotopic to the 3"g" − 3 disjoint simple closed curves.
The twists of the Fenchel–Nielsen coordinates are given as follows. There is one twist for each of the 3"g" − 3 curves crossing one of the 3"g" − 3 disjoint simple closed curves γ. Each of these is homotopic to a curve that consists of 3 geodesic segments, the middle one of which follows the geodesic of γ. The twist is the (positive or negative) distance the middle segment travels along the geodesic of γ.

</doc>
<doc id="31026566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026566" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1970">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1970

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1970 was a measure adopted unanimously by the UN Security Council on 26 February 2011. It condemned the use of lethal force by the regime of Muammar Gaddafi against protesters participating in the Libyan civil war, and imposed a series of international sanctions in response.
The Security Council resolution marked the first time a country was unanimously referred to the International Criminal Court by the council.
It has been alleged by Le Figaro that France has openly violated the resolution by parachuting weapons to Libyan rebels (see lower).
Background.
During the Libyan civil war, Gaddafi's loyalist forces carried out aerial bombings in Tripoli over civilian protesters, which drew widespread condemnation. Under pressure from mutinying Libyan diplomats the UN was brought to act.
Adoption.
Resolution 1970, proposed by France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States, was adopted after a day-long discussion. Libyan Ambassador to the United Nations Abdurrahman Mohamed Shalgam, who defected from Gaddafi's regime, appealed to the Security Council to act on the situation in Libya. He persuaded China, India and Russia to include a reference to the International Criminal Court, after they previously expressed concern that it could inflame the situation. Russia secured a provision preventing nations from using the resolution as a pretext for intervention in Libya. Another provision proposed by Libyan representatives to include a no-fly zone over the country was rejected.
Resolution.
Observations.
In the introduction of the resolution, the Council expressed "grave concern" at the situation in Libya and condemned the use of force against civilians. It also condemned the repression and violations of human rights, and attempts by the Libyan government to incite violence; statements of condemnation from the Arab League, African Union, Organisation of the Islamic Conference and United Nations Human Rights Council were welcomed by the Council. Such attacks on protesters were considered to amount to crimes against humanity.
There was concern at the refugee situation, a shortage of medical supplies and the welfare of foreign nationals. The Security Council recalled the Libyan government's responsibility to protect its people, respect the freedoms of assembly, expression and a free media. Additionally, the government was reminded of the need to bring those responsible for attacks on civilians to account.
The text of the resolution recalled article 16 of the Rome Statute under which no investigation or
prosecution may be commenced or proceeded with by the International Criminal
Court for a period of 12 months after a Security Council request to that effect.
Acts.
The remainder of the resolution was enacted under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter and Article 41, thus making its provisions legally enforceable.
The Council demanded an immediate end to the violence in Libya and for the government to address the "legitimate demands of the population". It urged the authorities to respect international humanitarian and human rights law, act with restraint, ensure the safety of foreign nationals and humanitarian supplies and lift restrictions placed on the media. International co-operation was advised to evacuate foreign nationals from the country.
The resolution then referred the situation in Libya to the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, who was to address the Council within two months following the adoption of Resolution 1970 and every six months thereafter on action taken, further deciding that Libyan officials should fully co-operate with the Court. An arms embargo was also imposed, preventing weapons from being exported to or out of Libya. States neighbouring Libya were encouraged to inspect suspicious cargo for weapons and to seize any found, while they were also called upon to prevent mercenaries from being used in the uprising. Furthermore, a travel ban and asset freeze was imposed on individuals both in and closely linked to the Libyan regime; any frozen assets would be made available to benefit the population.
The Security Council established a Committee to monitor the implementation of the sanctions, investigate violations and to impose targeted sanctions on additional individuals and entities. All states were called upon to facilitate humanitarian assistance to Libya. The resolution concluded with the Council stating its intention to review, modify, strengthen or lift the measures in light of the situation.
Travel ban.
The following members of the Gaddafi regime were subjects of the travel ban:
Asset freeze.
The following were also subjects of an asset freeze:
Infraction of the resolution.
On 16 April 2011, one of the rebel leaders, General Abdul Fatah Younis told Al-Arabiya that his forces were receiving armament supplies from abroad. This information was confirmed by Mustafa Gheriani, a spokesman for the rebels’ National Transitional Council. On 28 July, it became known that it was France that parachuted assault rifles, machineguns and anti-tank guided weapons for the first time, and was airlifting weapons to the airfields, recently constructed by rebels now.

</doc>
<doc id="31026586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026586" title="Kevin Cash (businessman)">
Kevin Cash (businessman)

Kevin Cash is an English businessman, who manages his families property interests in the United Kingdom.
The son of businessman Barry and his teacher wife Sheila, he and his sister were born in Birmingham. He attended Kings Norton Boys School.Cash took over the running of his father's property business, which is held from a trust in the British Virgin Islands and managed via a company in Geneva, Switzerland. The holdings of the various operations are estimated to be worth in excess of £500million.
Cash has a residence in London, and has access to North Aston Hall, a Jacobean manor house in north Oxfordshire. Cash has been married four times:

</doc>
<doc id="31026592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026592" title="Dungarvan Town Council">
Dungarvan Town Council

Dungarvan Town Council, previously known as Dungarvan Urban District Council, is responsible for administration and some public services in Dungarvan, County Waterford.
History.
Town records date to the establishment of the Town Commissioners in 1855, but many have been destroyed over the years. The earliest Dungarvan local council in surviving records is The Portreeve & Commons of the Town of Dungarvan, which was mentioned in an act of Edward IVs parliament held in Wexford in 1463, as follows:
"As the Seigniory of Dungarvan was the most great and antient honour of the King of Ireland, which through war etc., was for the most part destroyed...it was ordained that the Portreeve and Commonalty may have and enjoy all manner of free grants, liberties, privileges and customs as the tenants and inhabitants of the honourable Manor of Clare in England enjoyed, with a further power to take customs of all kinds of merchandise bought and sold within the franchises as the Mayor and Commons of Bristol did, the profits to go to the reparation of the walls and towers under the survey of the Earl of Desmond."
The earliest portreeve in surviving records was Jermyn Tuke of 1511. The earliest known native Irishman in the commons was Teigh O'Molgan, found in a list of jurors in the 1537 document "Presentment of the Tenants and Burgesses of the Manor of Dungarvan".
James I granted a charter to Dungarvan in 1609 or 1610 to establish an elected corporation. This corporation consisted of a sovereign, twelve brethren and various burgesses. These positions were elected from and by the burgesses annually. The burgesses would, in turn, appoint positions of Recorder, Town Clerk, two "Serjeants at Mace and a water bailiff," and this body had the power to hold a Court of D'Oyer Hundred twice annually to make by laws. The sovereign and recorder had the role of Justices of the Peace and would hold a Court of Record every Monday and a Court leet twice annually. The ultimate duties of this corporation included building a prison, making reparations to "the walls" and oversight and taxation of the local market. As its capture was recorded in 1642, we know that a town hall was in existence at that time and it is believed some of that building was incorporated into the Old Market House on the Main Street.
A further charter was granted to Dungarvan by James II on 15 April 1689, but this was short-lived due to the coming of power of William III. In spite of the 1689 charter it is believed the corporation may have ceased to exist before then, considering the writing of Sir Richard Cox in 1680 which notes, "The town is a decayed corporation which still sends Burgesses to Parliament," and the fact that Dungarvan fails to appear in the Poll Money Ordinances of 1660/1661.
Seneschals are recorded for the town from Thomas Barbon, appointed in 1746, until the appointment of Peter Bayly in May 1807, but there is a William Penny found in church records, whose epitaph reads, "Late Seneschal of Dungarvan." The last believed to hold the position was John Hudson of Youghal, an employee of the Duke of Devonshire, and a newcomer to the town in 1809.
A commissioners' report dated 1833 stated: "We examined one gentleman, of very great age, a native of this town, who stated that he had never known or conversed with any person who recollected the existence of a Corporation, or any Corporate officer in the town."
The Town's Improvement Act was drawn up in 1854 which provided for a town meeting and the decision to have the town under "Municipal Government." On 29 January 1855, 15 commissioners were elected.
Minutes for Dungarvan UDC date back as far as 1906.
Present.
Current council positions include elected Mayor and councillors, Town Manager, Town Clerk and Town Engineer. Services and administration responsibilities include town development, planning, roads, parking and refuse management. There are nine councillors elected through the local election system. Town councils in Ireland come under the jurisdiction of a County Council Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="31026605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026605" title="Diocese of Britain and Scandinavia">
Diocese of Britain and Scandinavia

The Serbian Orthodox Diocese of Britain and Scandinavia is a Serbian Orthodox Church diocese in Western Europe. Its headquarters are in Enskede gård, Stockholm, Sweden. It operates churches in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. Missionary parishes in the Republic of Ireland and Malta have priests from England.

</doc>
<doc id="31026610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026610" title="Ciara Conway">
Ciara Conway

Ciara Conway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31026619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026619" title="Address Party">
Address Party

The Address Party ("Felirati Párt") was one of the two political groups of the National Assembly of 1861 in Hungary. The group was led by Ferenc Deák. In 1865 the party was renamed to Deák Party. The Deák Party was succeeded by the Liberal Party which led Hungary until 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="31026620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026620" title="Mike Orlando">
Mike Orlando

Mike Orlando is an American guitarist. He was top the ten finalist for Guitar Player magazine’s Guitar Superstar of the Year in 2008 and has worked with musicians like Zakk Wylde and Bumblefoot. His first solo album, Sonic Stomp, was released in 2006 and the follow-up, Sonic Stomp II, was released in 2010. He is currently working with Symphony X vocalist, Russell Allen, on a project called Adrenaline Mob.

</doc>
<doc id="31026625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026625" title="List of coats of arms in Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge District">
List of coats of arms in Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge District

This list shows the coats of arms of the municipalities in the district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge in the German federal state of Saxony.
The following municipalities have no coat of arms:

</doc>
<doc id="31026630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026630" title="London Nights (song)">
London Nights (song)

"London Nights" is Europop duo London Boys' biggest hit single, released in 1989 from the album "The Twelve Commandments of Dance". The single was written and produced by Ralf René Maué, and its cover artwork features photography from Andy Knight. The single peaked at #2 in the UK.
Many formats of the single included an instrumental version of "London Nights", titled "London Days".

</doc>
<doc id="31026631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026631" title="Jason R. Rudy">
Jason R. Rudy

Jason R. Rudy is Associate Professor of English at the University of Maryland, College Park. A noted scholar of Victorian poetry, Rudy is the author of the ambitious and widely reviewed "Electric Meters: Victorian Physiological Poetics" (Ohio University Press 2009). He has been the recipient of a 2010-11 National Endowment for the Humanities Research Fellowship (2010-11) and a 2014 research fellowship from the American Academy of Learned Societies. Rudy received his Ph.D. in English from Rutgers University and his B.A. from Princeton University.
Selected Publications.
"Floating Worlds: Émigré Poetry and British Culture." "ELH" (Spring 2014), 325-50.
"Victorian Cosmopolitanisms" (special issue). Edited and introduced with Tanya Agathocleous, Hunter College
"Victorian Literature and Culture" (Fall 2010)
“Hemans' Passion.” "Studies in Romanticism" 45 (Winter 2006), 543-62.
“Rapturous Forms: Mathilde Blind's Darwinian Poetics.” "Victorian Literature and Culture" 34, (Fall 2006), 443-59 
"Spasmodic Poetry and Poetics" (special issue). Edited and introduced with Charles LaPorte, U of Washington
"Victorian Poetry" 42 (Winter 2004)
“Rhythmic Intimacy, Spasmodic Epistemology.” "Victorian Poetry" 42, Winter 2004 (Special issue: Spasmodic Poetry and Poetics ), 451-72
“On Cultural Neoformalism, Spasmodic Poetry, and the Victorian Ballad.” "Victorian Poetry" 41, Winter 2003 (Special issue: Whither Victorian Poetry? ed. Linda K. Hughes), 590-96

</doc>
<doc id="31026633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026633" title="Stade Omnisport Marien Ngouabi d'Owando">
Stade Omnisport Marien Ngouabi d'Owando

Stade Omnisport Marien Ngouabi d'Owando is a multi-use stadium in Owando, Republic of the Congo. It is used for football matches and serves as the home of AC Léopard of the Congo Premier League. It holds 13,037 people and opened in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="31026636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026636" title="HMIS Lawrence (L83)">
HMIS Lawrence (L83)

HMIS "Lawrence" (L83) was a sloop, commissioned in 1919 into the Royal Indian Marine (RIM).
She served during World War II in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN), the successor to the RIM. Her pennant number was changed to U83 in 1940. Although originally built as a minesweeper, she was primarily used as a convoy escort during the war. She was scrapped soon after the end of the war.
History.
HMIS "Lawrence" was ordered under the Emergency War Programme of the First World War, being launched at William Beardmore and Company on 30 July 1919 and completed on 27 December 1919. In the immediate post-war years, "Lawrence" was used by the Royal Indian Marine for servicing buoys and lighthouses and as a transport for high officials in the Persian Gulf.
On the outbreak of the Second World War, the "Lawrence", whose armament had been increased by the addition of four 3-pounder guns and a second 2-pounder pom-pom, deployed to Masirah Island off the coast of Oman where it was used to carry out patrols, taking part in the unsuccessful search for the missing airliner Hannibal in March 1940.
Immediately prior to the outbreak of the Anglo-Iraqi War, "Lawrence" helped to cover the landing of the 20th Indian Infantry Brigade at Basra on 18 April 1941. When Britain and the Soviet Union invaded Iran in August 1941, "Lawrence" took part in the attack on Abadan on 25 August 1941, boarding and capturing the Iranian gunboats "Karkas" and "Shahbaaz" and two Italian merchant ships.
In late 1944 "Lawrence" was assigned to HMIS "Himalaya", the Gunnery school in Karachi as a Gunnery School Firing Ship, and joined the Bombay training squadron in November 1945. 
"Lawrence" was decommissioned and scrapped in 1947, two years after the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="31026640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026640" title="Richard Harrison (Royalist)">
Richard Harrison (Royalist)

Sir Richard Harrison (31 August 1583 – 5 May 1655) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1621 and 1640. He supported the Royalist side in the English Civil War.
Harrison was the son of Richard Harrison of Hurst in Berkshire and his wife Elizabeth, daughter of Thomas Anton of Stratfield Saye in Hampshire, the Clerk of the Court of Wards and Liveries. His father died in 1587 and his mother remarried to Robert Marsh of Edmonton in Middlesex and Finchampstead in Berkshire. Harrison matriculated at St Mary Hall, Oxford on 1 July 1603 aged 19. He inherited the estates of Hurst and East Court at Finchampstead from a grand uncle Richard Warde (the son of Richard Warde Senior MP). He was knighted on 31 August 1621. 
In 1621 Harrison was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Wootton Bassett. He was elected MP for Berkshire in 1624 and again in 1628 and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. Harrison lived at his manor-house at Hurst, and was a friend of Archbishop Laud, who referred to him in his diary in 1625 and 1626 when Laud visited Sir Francis Windebank at Haines Hill in Hurst. He is said to have been created a baronet but the patent was lost. He was High Sheriff of Berkshire in 1636. 
In April 1640, Harrison was elected MP for Windsor in the Short Parliament. In the civil war, his son Richard fought on the Royalist side and the family suffered in the royal cause.
Harrison married Frances, the daughter of George Garrard, of Dorney in Buckinghamshire, and his wife, Margaret Dacres. They had two sons and three daughters.
Harrison died at the age of 72 and was buried in Hurst parish church.

</doc>
<doc id="31026644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026644" title="Orhan Eyüpoğlu">
Orhan Eyüpoğlu

Orhan Eyüpoğlu (1918-30 November 1980) was a Turkish politician. A graduate of Istanbul University Faculty of Law, he was deputy Director of the Istanbul Police force and later Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey in the 40th and 42nd governments. He died of a heart attack on 30 November 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="31026649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026649" title="Mohammed Ottman">
Mohammed Ottman

Mohammed Ottman is a Yemeni novelist. His first novel "Convulsion Almost Noticed!", about globalization and Yemen, has been well received.

</doc>
<doc id="31026652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026652" title="Wouri estuary">
Wouri estuary

The Wouri estuary, or Cameroon estuary is a large tidal estuary in Cameroon where several rivers come together, emptying into the Bight of Biafra. Douala, the largest city in Cameroon, is at the mouth of the Wouri River where it enters the estuary. The estuary contains extensive mangrove forests, which are being damaged by pollution and population pressures.
Hydrology.
The estuary lies to the east of Mount Cameroon and empties into the Bight of Biafra. It is fed by the Mungo, Wouri and Dibamba rivers.
The estuary lies in the Douala Basin, a low-lying depression about on average about sea level, with many creeks, sand bars and lagoons.
The Plio-Pleistocene Wouri alluvial aquifer, a multi-layer system with alternating sequences of marine sands and estuarine mud and silt lies below the estuary and surrounding region and is an important source of well water. The upper aquifer in this system is an unconfined sandy horizon that is hydraulically connected to the brackish waters of the estuary and to the coastal wetlands.
The spring tides at the mouth of the estuary are .
Rainfall is from to annually.
Salinity is very low, particularly during the rainy season. Surface salinity of 0.4% is common around Douala throughout the year.
The Mungo river splits into numerous small channels that empty into the estuary complex.
The tidal wave in the bay travels as far as up the Mungo. In this section of the river, large flats and sand banks are exposed at low tide.
The Wouri is affected by the tides for above Douala, with blocks of tidal forest along its shores throughout this stretch.
To the west of the estuary, the slopes of Mount Cameroon are covered with banana plantations. To the northeast, the mangroves are backed by freshwater tidal swamps wide.
One block of freshwater swamp between Muyuka and Dibombari covers .
There are still some patches of permanent swamp forest on the Dibamba river, but many others have been cleared and drained for oil palm plantation. The river's fauna are not well protected; particularly endangered is the African Manatee (Trichechus senegalensis).
Fauna and flora.
The estuary is a global marine biodiversity hotspot.
The mudflats and mangrove forests are home to many waterbirds, and are breeding grounds for fish, shrimp and other wildlife.
They can be classified as wetlands of international importance according to criteria under the Ramsar convention.
The estuary is home to the Cameroon ghost shrimp, which periodically irrupts into dense swarms.
At these times, people catch huge quantities, eating the females or drying them for later use, and making a fish oil from the males.
There are in total of mangrove forest in the estuary.
A large block of mangroves deep on the north shore extends up-estuary. The mangrove forest is broken by Bodeaka Bay and Moukouchou Bay, which form wide waterways through the swamp.
On the south shore of the estuary, mangroves extend from Douala to Point Soulelaba, the end of the spit that separates the estuary from the sea. These mangroves are divided by the Dibamba River and by Monaka Bay and Island.
About of the mangrove forest is within the Mouanko Reserve, which extends from the south shore of the estuary to the Sanaga River mouth.
The mangrove "Rhizophora racemosa", which makes up over 90% of mangroves in Cameroon, reaches a height of in the Wouri estuary.
"Nypa fruticans", an exotic species imported to Nigeria from South-East Asia, has been spreading quickly, encouraged by the local people.
The mangrove forests are an important source of wood for making furniture and fences, for smoking fish and for fuel. The leaves of Nypa fruticans are used for thatching house walls and roofs.
The mangroves act as a buffer zone, protecting the coast against the worst effects of storms.
However, there are no effective controls on mangrove logging, and the Wouri estuary has undergone substantial deforestation.
History.
The estuary has traditionally been home to a number of different ethnic groups including the Duala people around the mouth of the Wouri river, the Limba people in the southeast and around the mouth of the Sanaga River, the Mungo people in the north and west of the estuary and the Isubu people in the southwest.
These people originally lived through agriculture and fishing. 
The first Portuguese explorer, Fernando Po, arrived in the estuary in 1472.
He was soon followed by traders from Portugal and other European countries.
The people of the estuary became trading intermediaries, carrying European goods to the inland regions by canoe and bringing back ivory, slaves and palm products.
Ivory was obtained from the Bamenda Grassfields, to the north.
The slave trade began in the 18th century, and was an important economic activity by 1750.
Slaves captured in the Chamba wars were brought from the Grassfields via the Mungo River, and slaves from the Nun-Mbam country to the northeast were brought via the Wouri. The Dutch were the main purchasers of slaves in the estuary in the mid-18th century.
By the 1830s, the slave trade was in terminal decline due to reduced demand from the United States and punitive action by the British based on the island of Fernando Po.
By the mid 19th century, palm oil and palm kernels had become the main trade goods.
The Duala were the leading traders. They prevented European access to the interior and built efficient trade networks.
The Duala used marriage ties with the people of the interior to establish trust, with the children of the marriages acting as their agents.
At the request of King Bell and King Akwa of the Duala, the estuary was annexed by Germany in 1884, becoming the nucleus of the colony of Kamerun.
The Germans slowly extended their control over the estuary and the vast hinterland of Kamerun over a period of 25 years.
At the start of the First World War in 1914, a British expedition from Nigeria won control of the colony. In 1916, Kamerun was divided, with the British taking the lands to the west of the Mungo and the French taking the lands to the east.
In the 1920s, the French improved infrastructure, dredging the estuary to improve access to the port of Douala and rebuilding railways that connected the city to the interior.
After the Second World War, the French built a road/rail bridge across the Wouri river, linking Douala and Bonaberi, deepened the shipping canals in the estuary, converted Bonaberi into a banana port and expanded the capacity of Douala port to 900,000 tons, making it the third largest port on the West African coast.
The people of the estuary were reunited in 1961 when the modern state of Cameroon was created from the former French Colony and the southern portion of the British colony.
The early settlements of the Duala people at the mouth of the Wouri river - Belltown, Akwatown, Bonapriso, Deido and Bonaberi - have been absorbed by Douala, a city of over three million people that now contains many different ethnic groups, typically each concentrated in their own neighborhoods.
Infrastructure such as roads, water supplies, sewage and electricity is poor and in some areas non-existent. Most of the inhabitants work for low wages in informal commercial and industrial enterprises.
The port of Douala is limited in its capacity due to its location on the river Wouri, which carries heavy loads of sediment and needs constant dredging.
Outside the city, the settlements in the estuary region are villages accessible only by water.
Environmental issues.
The ecology of the estuary is under threat from growing pollution from industry, farming and households, threatening both fish yields and human health.
Sources of pollution include electroplating and oil refinery industries, pest control in cocoa, coffee and banana plantations, and waste organic oils from land transport, process industries and power generation.
The bulk of human-generated sewage is also released into the estuary without treatment.
The government infrastructure for controlling pollution is dispersed, weak and ineffective, and there is severe shortage of funding.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the Cameroon economy. Pesticides are not regulated, and also contribute to pollution. Pesticides that have long been banned elsewhere are still in use, or are being held in leaky storage facilities.
The growing population is increasing production of export crops such as coffee, cocoa, bananas, palm oil and cotton, using imported pesticides and fertilizers. Typically fertilizers contain urea, ammonia, and phosphorus. Pesticides applied are mostly DDT and other derivatives of organohalogens.
About 95% of Cameroon's industries are based in or around Douala.
Their liquid waste is released into the estuary with little or no treatment.
Douala's Bassa industrial zone ends in the estuarine creek formation of the Dibamba River, discharging pollutants. The wetlands are quickly being colonized by invasive species, and a great number of phytoplankton have been identified, some of which are caused by the pollution.
The Bonaberi suburb of Douala, with a rapidly growing population of over 500,000, illustrates the urban environmental problems.
More than 75% of Bonaberi is above sea level on average.
With limited land, poor people have encroached into wetlands.
As of 2002, the dense mangrove swamp forest, which included luxuriant growths of palms, was undergoing extinction due to urbanization.
The houses and industrial buildings on the cleared land are poorly built, without adequate drainage.
Pools of stagnant water are breeding grounds for disease.
Human and industrial waste end up in the channels of the Wouri, reducing its rate of flow.
River floods and sea incursions may cause rises of water level from to within a few minutes, destroying buildings and washing raw sewage into the wells. Waterborne diseases such as typhus and dysentery are common causes of death.
Fishery is economically of great importance to Cameroon, with about 40,000 tonnes caught each year, of which one third is exported.
In 1994, US$60 million worth of fish was exported to Europe, three quarters of which came from 12 industrial-scale fishing companies.
About 40% of the workforce in coastal Cameroon are full-time unregistered fishers.
Fish contributes about 44% of the protein in the local population's diet.
The mangroves of the estuary are spawning grounds for many types of commercial fish, but they are not protected.
The area covered by mangroves continues to shrink and the fish population has been declining steadily.
Levels of persistent organic pollutants in the fish are rising.
A 1991 study showed excessive levels of DDTs and PCBs in fish, shrimp and oysters in the area around Douala.
High pollution loads of heavy metals such as mercury, lead and cadmium are also a concern.
Oil potential.
There appears to be potential for oil and gas production.
The Matanda block in the northern half of the estuary and the surrounding region has estimated reserves of between 60 and 300 million barrels.
Exploratory work by Gulf Oil several decades ago indicated that production of 4 million barrels a year could be feasible.
In April 2008, a subsidiary of Swiss firm Glencore International AG and Afex Global Limited signed a deal with the Cameroon state oil company for a $38 million exploration project in the zone, which was approved by Badel Ndanga Ndinga, Minister of Industries, Mines and Technological Development.

</doc>
<doc id="31026657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026657" title="Dove River, New Zealand">
Dove River, New Zealand

In New Zealand, Dove River may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31026662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026662" title="Sinno family">
Sinno family

The Sinno Family () is a Lebanese Syrian family, considered one of Beirut's oldest families, and is said to be descending from the Muslim Leader Tarek bin Sinno.
The Sinno Family members mainly reside in the Lebanese capital Beirut as well as its suburbs such as Aramoun, Bchamoun, Doha, Naama and Choueifat. They reside also in Saida, in some Syrian cities such as Damascus and Aleppo, and in Arbeen village and Amman in Jordan.
Name Origin and History.
Several explanations and writings about the origin of the name and here is a list of the most known explanations:
In his book "The Sinno Family: History and Statistics" 1983, Bahaa Al Din suggests that the family name's original spelling was “Sunna” or “Sinno” and there is a third spelling possibility, including the name of “Jude” used by a number of family members without strong evidence.
Sheikh Taha Al Wali, an important researcher in that field notes that “the original name is “Sunna” and was known ever since the Sunna family migrated to Beirut along with other emigrants from the Maghreb countries, hundreds of years ago.The family resided in the vicinity of the Imam Ouzai. The reputation of commitment to the religion and to the Sunna (doctrine) of the Prophet, made other residents of the city visit them for the blessing they would get. The family name progressively changed to “Sinno”, which became the surname of the family for over a century now. The only evidence and written documents we have encountered in that regard, are the records of the Sharia Court”.
Number of families from Beirut came originally from Maghrebin descend, particularity those whose surnames end with “o” instead of the formal Arabic suffix “i”, or the Turkish suffix “gi”. The Sinno family in particular emigrated from the Moroccan city of Fes.
The Sinno family was indisputably known for its strong support of the Sunna, which is as old as its roots in the Maghreb. The word Sunna was then merged with the usual Maghrebin suffix “o” which transformed the surname to Sinno. Therefore, historians usually correct the spelling from Sinno to Sunno, in line with the reasons above to avoid confusion with any other Arabic words such as “tooth” or “age”.
Family Association.
After a small fight between two Sinno members who don't know each other, a meeting was held in the house of Hajj Hassan Sinno attended by many family members where they establish the "Sinno Family Association".
The first Administrative Board was established as a result; it was presided by Mohammad Radhi Bin Abdul Hameed Sinno, with Ahmad Abdul Qader Sinno as Vice President, Muneer Saleem Sinno as Secretary, and Mohammad Subhi Rahdi as second Secretary. It was noted that all four members derived from Abdul Qader branch of the family.
In 1921, the first Charter was issued with the slogan “Fraternity, Aid, Education”. The first statistics for the family were issued also that year in a booklet prepared by Muneer Saleem Sinno, however, those statistics covered only the male members and excluded all females.
Administrative Boards.
The First Administrative Board remained in charge until 1937, and its activities were limited to charity, aid and family connections. 
On December 1, 1937, the second Charter prepared by Lawyer Tawfiq Sinno was issued, and a Second Administrative Board of 23 members was elected as follows:
The former president, Mr. Mohammad Radhi Sinno was appointed Honorary President.
In 1940, a Third Administrative Board presided by Fouad Abdul Fatah Sinno was elected, however, no information besides this was provided about it. The late Bahauddeen Rashed Sinno mentions in his book entitled: “The Sinno Family, History and Statistics”, that a conflict arose among the members of the Board. This conflict limited the Board's public activities to minor formal visits such as the one paid to the President of the Republic Sheikh Bechara El Khoury and Prime Minister Riad as-Solh to ask for their intervention to free Rasheed Ameen Sinno (a Family Board Member in 1937), Media Manager in Sanaa, who was arrested and accused of belonging to the Free Front in the Kingdom of Yemen. This was the group that executed an armed coup which lead to the assassination of the President, Imam Yehya Bin Hameeduddeen in 1947. The efforts of the Lebanese officials were successful and Rasheed was released as a result.
The Association went on passively until 1964, when a number of young family members gathered in the residence of Dr. Wafeeq Musbah Sinno in Khaldeh and decided to revive the association and its activities after it was inhibited for a long time. On the Day of Eid Al Fitr of the same year, another meeting was held in the residence of Baheej Hassan Sinno. Many family members attended that meeting, and they all unanimously hoped and requested for action to activate the association. 
The Fourth Administrative Board for this new stage included 12 members, namely:
Sinno Family League.
Successive Board elections took place in 1969, 1971, 1977, 1981, 1982, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993 and 1997. In 1998, amendments to the Charter were ratified, among which was increasing the number of Board members to 24, and changing the official name of the association to the “Sinno Family League”. A new Board was formed consequently as follows:
Goals of the League.
The objective of the establishment of this association is to consider the various ways of bringing benefit to the Sinno Family, improving the educational level within the family, organizing gatherings with returns to family members, and literature, health and history lectures, in addition to other events of public interest.
In the system of 1965, the second item stipulated that the objective of the Association is to bring family members together, and create bonding among them. It is also to improve the standing of the family in general and of every individual member of it. It also aims at socially organizing the family and offering help and aid to entitled members.
The second item of the 1998 system adopted the objectives stated in the 1965 system, with the addition of the last statement: “to encourage the productive and outstanding individuals of the family and to develop their potentials and abilities of each one of them”. The slogan of the association was also amended to become: “Fraternity- Education- Development”.
The third item of the system of 2007 however, defines the objectives as follows:
Gathering.
Gathering in Khaldeh-Lebanon of the Sinno family back in 1964
Committees.
Four committees were founded in 1965 in the system of the Sinno League and now there is around 9 committees and the most active ones are Culture and Education Committee, Social Committee and Youth Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="31026675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026675" title="List of Atlanta Braves first-round draft picks">
List of Atlanta Braves first-round draft picks

The Atlanta Braves are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Atlanta, Georgia. They play in the National League East division. Officially known as the "First-Year Player Draft", the Rule 4 Draft is MLB's primary mechanism for assigning players from high schools, colleges, and other amateur clubs to its franchises. The draft order is determined based on the previous season's standings, with the team possessing the worst record receiving the first pick. In addition, teams which lost free agents in the previous off-season may be awarded compensatory or supplementary picks. Since the establishment of the draft in 1965, the Braves have selected 56 players in the first round.
Of those 56 players, 27 have been pitchers, the most of any position; 15 of these were right-handed, while 12 were left-handed. The Braves have also selected eight outfielders, seven shortstops, five catchers, four third basemen, three first basemen, and two second basemen in the initial round of the draft. The franchise has drafted nine players from colleges or high schools in the state of Florida, more than any other state. Eight more selections have come from their home state of Georgia. Two selections have come from outside the 50 United States: Luis Atilano (2003) is from the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and Scott Thorman (2000) is from Ontario, Canada.
Four of these players have won a World Series championship with the Braves—Kent Mercker, Steve Avery, Chipper Jones, and Mike Kelly—all as part of the 1995 championship team. The team's 1974 selection, Dale Murphy, won consecutive National League Most Valuable Player Awards (NL MVP) in 1982 and 1983, the Lou Gehrig Memorial Award in 1985, and the Roberto Clemente Award in 1988. Bob Horner, the Braves' 1978 selection, won the National League Rookie of the Year Award in the same year. Chipper Jones, drafted by the Braves in 1990, won the NL MVP Award in 1999. The Braves have held the first overall pick twice; in 1978 they used it to select Horner, and in 1990 they chose Chipper Jones.
Atlanta has made 13 selections in the supplemental round of the draft. They have also received three compensatory picks since the first draft in 1965. These additional picks are provided when a team loses a particularly valuable free agent in the previous off-season, or, more recently, if a team fails to sign a draft pick from the previous year. The Braves failed to sign 1995 selection Chad Hutchinson, for which they received the 35th overall pick in the 1996 draft, which they used to draft Jason Marquis.

</doc>
<doc id="31026677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026677" title="Vasil Glavinov">
Vasil Glavinov

Vasil Kostov Glavinov (Bulgarian and Macedonian: Васил Костов Главинов) (Veles, 1872 – Sofia, 1929) was a Bulgarian socialist from Ottoman Macedonia, a member of the Bulgarian Workers' Social Democratic Party. He is considered a Macedonian in the Republic of Macedonia.
Glavinov worked in his native Veles before moving to Sofia in 1887. There he went bankrupt, owing to the financial support which he gave to the first Bulgarian theatre troupe. In July 1891 on the initiative of Dimitar Blagoev, several social democratic circles united to form the Bulgarian Social Democratic Party (BSDP). In 1892 Glavinov became acquainted with Dimitar Blagoev's exposition of the Marxist view of history and in 1894 he entered the Bulgarian Social Democratic Workers Party. In the same year, under Vasil Glavinov's leadership and in order of Blagoev, the first Social-Democratic group in Ottoman Macedonia was formed. In 1896 Glavinov founded a Macedonian Revolutionary Social-Democratic Union, as part of the Bulgarian Workers' Social-Democrat Party. The last idea was probably influenced by the League for the Balkan Confederation, created in 1894 by Balkan socialists, which supported Macedonian autonomy inside a general federation of Southeast Europe. In Sofia Glavinov met the future leader of the Internal Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization (IMARO) Gotse Delchev and both became a friends. Glavinov also edited several Socialist papers here.
The first Conference of Macedonian Socialists was held on June 3, 1900, near Krushevo, where the activities of Vasil Glavinov's political group defined the basic aspects of the creation of a Macedonian Republic as a part of a Balkan Socialist Federation, with equal rights to all its citizens. After the Young Turk Revolution in 1908, he moved to the Ottoman Empire and initially gravitated around the People's Federative Party (Bulgarian Section). The newspaper "Rabotnicheska Iskra" (Worker's Spark), edited by him, described the two rivaling Bulgarian parties at the time, the PFP (Bulgarian Section) and the Union of the Bulgarian Constitutional Clubs. According to the newspaper, both of the parties, the former a defender of the poorer Bourgeois, the latter - of the richer, were nationalist and were led by desires of unification with Bulgaria. Because of that, Glavinov was disappointed and entered the Ottoman Socialist Party in Salonica in 1910. It was actually not a real political party, but rather a group of intellectuals. In the same year he participated also in the First Balkan Socialist Conference held in Belgrade, which important aspect was the call for a solution to the Macedonian Question. 
After the Young Turks had taken stringent measures against it, difficult times began for the Ottoman Socialist Party. As a consequence, on the eve of the Balkan Wars in 1911 Glavinov moved back to Sofia, where he rejoined the Bulgarian Narrow Socialists. Here he opposed the Balkan Wars and World War I and was sympathetic to the October Revolution in Russia. In 1919 his Bulgarian Social Democratic Workers' Party (Narrow Socialists) joined the Comintern and was reorganised as the Communist Party of Bulgaria. In 1920 Glavinov was elected as a member of the Central Emigrant's Commission to the Central Committee of the Party. After the St Nedelya Church assault on 16 April 1925 he was arrested and afterwards Glavinov withdrеw from political life. He died in Sofia in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="31026679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026679" title="Kolbeh Square">
Kolbeh Square

Kolbeh Square is a square in eastern central Shiraz, Iran where Abu Nasr Boulevard, Bustan Boulevard and Golestan Square meet. There is an urban bus terminal located in this square.

</doc>
<doc id="31026684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026684" title="Carlos Orellana">
Carlos Orellana

Carlos Orellana (1900–1960) was a Mexican actor, film director and screenwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="31026685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026685" title="Marie-France (actress)">
Marie-France (actress)

Marie-France (Marie-France Plumer, born 7 February 1943) is a French actress known mainly for her roles as a child.

</doc>
<doc id="31026690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026690" title="Information Sharing Environment">
Information Sharing Environment

The Information Sharing Environment (ISE) was established by the United States Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004. Under Section 1016 of IRTPA, the Program Manager for the Information Sharing Environment (PM-ISE) was granted government wide authority to plan for, oversee the implementation of, and manage the ISE.
Scope of the Information Sharing Environment.
The ISE provides analysts, operators, and investigators with information needed to enhance national security. These analysts, operators, and investigators come from a variety of communities - law enforcement, public safety, homeland security, intelligence, defense, and foreign affairs – and may work for federal, state, local, tribal, or territorial governments. They also have mission needs to collaborate and share information with each other and with private sector partners and our foreign allies. Federal agencies and state, local, tribal, and private sector partners — the ISE Mission Partners — deliver, and operate, the ISE and are accountable for sharing to enable end-to-end mission processes that support counterterrorism.
Role of the Office of the Program Manager for the ISE.
The PM-ISE works with ISE Mission Partners to improve the management, discovery, fusing, sharing, delivery of, and collaboration around terrorism-related information. The primary focus is any mission process, anywhere in the United States, that is intended or is likely to have a material impact on detecting, preventing, disrupting, responding to, or mitigating terrorist activity. Examples include: terrorism watchlisting, person and cargo screening, suspicious activity reporting, and alerts, warnings and notifications. The PM-ISE facilitates the development of the ISE by bringing together mission partners and aligning business processes, standards and architecture, security and access controls, privacy protections, and best practices.
Laws and Presidential Authorities Inclusive of IRTPA.
The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001 removed barriers that once restricted the sharing of information between the law enforcement and intelligence communities.
The Homeland Security Act of 2002 established the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in part to improve the sharing of information among Federal, State, and local government agencies and the private sector, in order to enhance the Nation's ability to detect, identify, understand, and assess terrorist threats to and vulnerabilities of the homeland, to better protect our Nation's critical infrastructure, integrate our emergency response networks, and link State and Federal Governments. On July 29, 2003, the U.S. President issued Executive Order 13311, addressing key information sharing provisions in the Homeland Security Act.
The Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (IRTPA) reorganized the Intelligence Community and established the position of Director of National Intelligence to serve as the U.S. President's chief intelligence advisor and the head of the Intelligence Community, and to ensure closer coordination and integration of the 16 agencies that make up the Intelligence Community. IRTPA also established the National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC) to serve as a multiagency center analyzing and integrating all intelligence pertaining to terrorism, including threats to U.S. interests at home and abroad.
Section 1016 of IRTPA embraced the key principles of Executive Order 13356 and directed the establishment of the Information Sharing Environment. The U.S. President was charged to create the ISE, designate its organization and management structure, and determine and enforce the policies and rules to govern the ISE's content and usage. The law further required the ISE be "a decentralized, distributed, and coordinated environment" that "to the greatest extent practicable ... connects existing systems ... builds upon existing systems capabilities currently in use across the Government ... facilitates the sharing of information at and across all levels of security ... and incorporates protections for individuals' privacy and civil liberties."
IRTPA required the U.S. President designate a Program Manager for the ISE. The role of the Program Manager is to manage the ISE, oversee its implementation, assist in the development of ISE standards and practices, and monitor and assess its implementation by federal departments and agencies. IRTPA also established an Information Sharing Council to advise the U.S. President and the Program Manager on the development of ISE policies, procedures, guidelines, and standards, and to ensure proper coordination among federal departments and agencies participating in the ISE. Under the Obama Administration, the Information Sharing Council has been integrated into the White House policy process through the Information Sharing and Access Interagency Policy Committee (IPC), so that the important work of the ISC will move forward under the auspices of the Executive Office of the President.
Laws and Presidential Authorities Post-IRTPA.
On August 27, 2004, in response to the Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission, the U.S. President issued Executive Order 13356, Strengthening the Sharing of Terrorism Information to Protect Americans. In it the U.S. President directed agencies to give the "highest priority" to the prevention of terrorism and the "interchange of terrorism information among agencies" and "between agencies and appropriate authorities of States and local governments." The U.S. President further directed that this improved information sharing be accomplished in ways that "protect the freedom, information privacy, and other legal rights of Americans."
On October 25, 2005, the U.S. President issued Executive Order 13388, Further Strengthening the Sharing of Terrorism Information to Protect Americans, superseding Executive Order 13356, to facilitate the work of the Program Manager, expedite the establishment of the ISE, and restructure the Information Sharing Council.
On December 16, 2005, in accordance with section 1016 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004, the U.S. President issued a Memorandum to Heads of Executive Departments and Agencies prescribing the guidelines and requirements in support of the creation and implementation of the ISE. The Memorandum contained two requirements and five guidelines which prioritize efforts the U.S. President believes are most critical to the development of the ISE and assigned Cabinet officials responsibility for resolving some of the more complicated issues associated with information sharing. 
The U.S. President directed that the ISE be established by building upon "existing Federal Government policies, standards, procedures, programs, systems, and architectures (collectively "resources") used for the sharing and integration of and access to terrorism-related information, and ... leverage those resources to the maximum extent practicable, with the objective of establishing a decentralized, comprehensive, and coordinated environment for the sharing and integration of such information." The U.S. President also directed the heads of executive departments and agencies to "actively work to create a culture of information sharing within their respective departments or agencies by assigning personnel and dedicating resources to terrorism-related information sharing, by reducing disincentives to such sharing, and by holding their senior managers accountable for improved and increased sharing of such information.".
Later, in August 2007, the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 included amendments to section 1016 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and to the Homeland Security Act of 2002. The new law expanded the scope of the ISE to explicitly include homeland security information and weapons of mass destruction information. It also endorses and formalizes many of the recommendations developed in response to the President's information sharing guidelines, such as the creation of the Interagency Threat Assessment and Coordination Group, and the development of a national network of State and major urban area fusion centers.

</doc>
<doc id="31026712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026712" title="La noche del pecado">
La noche del pecado

La noche del pecado ("The Night of Sin") is a 1933 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026715" title="Juárez y Maximiliano">
Juárez y Maximiliano

Juárez y Maximiliano (English:Juárez and Maximiliano) is a 1934 Mexican historical drama film directed by Miguel Contreras Torres and Raphael J. Sevilla. The film is set during the French intervention in Mexico during the 1860s, and features the battle between Maximilian I of Mexico and Benito Juárez, a theme used in the later 1939 American film "Juarez". It was one of the few major commercial successes for the Mexican film industry in the early sound era, before the beginning of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="31026716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026716" title="No basta ser madre">
No basta ser madre

No basta ser madre ("Not Enough to be Mother") is a 1937 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026718" title="Scotland Loves Animation">
Scotland Loves Animation

Scotland Loves Animation, is a UK-based film festival, dedicated to animation, which began in 2010 with a primary focus on Japanese animation with an event called "Scotland Loves Anime".
About the organization.
Scotland Loves Animation is a registered Scottish charity for the promotion of animation - screening premieres, classics and hosting talks, education days and more.
Established in 2010, Scotland Loves Animation promotes animation worldwide with a core selection of events running in October each year. Based across three of Scotland’s cultural hubs: Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Dundee, Scotland Loves Animation offers premiere screenings, exhibitions, workshops and international guests.
The focus of 2010 was on Japanese animation, with a double-screening of "Evangelion 1.0" and "Evangelion 2.0" (the UK premiere was in Glasgow the previous year 2009), as well as a full festival called Scotland Loves Anime in October 2010.
Scotland Loves Animation offers a platform for recent graduates, and will run an educational programme geared towards inspiring, improving, and celebrating graduates’ works. This year’s guests included Jonathan Clements, Oscar Wright and Nik Taylor. This is achieved through an Education Day that run as part of the festival whereby top industry professionals are invited to meet student in a full day of talks, panel discussions, and workshops.
Event dates, locations and venues.
In October 2010, Scotland Loves Animation created several events celebrating Japanese animation under the umbrella name of "Scotland Loves Anime" and ran them in the Glasgow Film Theatre in Glasgow and the Edinburgh Filmhouse in Edinburgh. The festival will be run again in October 2011. During the rest of the year they collaborate with other events, including the Glasgow Film Festival and the Glasgow Youth Film Festival, to program animated content.
We Love Anime and other events.
In 2011, Scotland Loves Animation announced another project called "We Love Anime" that will tour Anime content across the UK and Ireland. It is scheduled to begin on March 26, 2011 and end in July 2011. Locations include: Edinburgh, Birmingham, Leeds, Newcastle, Dumfries, Dublin, Bexley and London.
Films in its line-up for 2011 include: "The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya", "Summer Wars", "Redline", "King of Thorn" and "".

</doc>
<doc id="31026720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026720" title="Sucedió en La Habana">
Sucedió en La Habana

Sucedió en La Habana ("It Happened in Havana") is a 1938 Mexican-Cuban film. It stars Carlos Orellana.One of the must successful and ambitious Cuban film during the 1930s. The film it's a combination of music, romance and comedy in a guided tour in Havana's hottest night spots.

</doc>
<doc id="31026721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026721" title="El hotel de los chiflados">
El hotel de los chiflados

El hotel de los chiflados ("The Hotel of the Stooges") is a 1938 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026722" title="Tripoli Zoo">
Tripoli Zoo

Tripoli Zoo is a zoological garden and botanical garden in Tripoli, Libya. Located south of Tripoli's city center adjacent to Tarabulus Zoo Park, it is a large reserve of plants, trees and open green spaces and is the country's biggest zoo.
Libyan civil war.
The zoo was forced to shut for safety reasons due to the Libyan civil war, with many animals becoming more and more traumatised and distressed. After the overthrown of Muammar Gaddafi, the BBC published a short news film detailing the problems the zoo now faces, from a lack of money to feed the animals, to a fragile security system. The animals, the BBC said, were recovering slowly and returning to normal.

</doc>
<doc id="31026724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026724" title="El Rosario de Amozoc">
El Rosario de Amozoc

El Rosario de Amozoc ("The Rosary of Amozoc") is a 1938 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026726" title="Trygve Heltveit">
Trygve Heltveit

Harald Trygve Heltveit (8 December 1913 – 21 August 1985) was a Norwegian philologist.
He was born in Balestrand as a son of teacher Olav Heltveit (1873–1959) and Petra Sættevik (1878–1947). In 1943 he married Erna Røisum.
He became a student in 1936 and graduated with the cand.philol. degree from the University of Oslo in 1942. He was hired as a school teacher at Vestheim School in 1943 and Sinsen School in 1952, but received a research fellowship in 1947 and took the dr.philos. degree in 1954 with the thesis "Studies in English Demonstrative Pronouns". He was hired as a lecturer in 1954, was promoted to docent in 1962 and professor in 1970. His field was English philology. He retired in 1981 and died in 1985 and was buried at Vestre gravlund.

</doc>
<doc id="31026727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026727" title="El capitán aventurero">
El capitán aventurero

El capitán aventurero ("The Adventurer Captain") is a 1939 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026728" title="En un burro tres baturros">
En un burro tres baturros

En un burro tres baturros ("Three Peasants on a Donkey") is a 1939 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026730" title="Tero Similä">
Tero Similä

Tero Similä (born 26 February 1980 in Ylivieska, Northern Ostrobothnia) is a Finnish cross-country skier. He competed in cross-country skiing at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, and placed tenth in the relay with the Finnish team.

</doc>
<doc id="31026735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026735" title="Julio Abril">
Julio Abril

Julio Vicente Agapito Abril Mayorga ( 20 August 1911, Moniquirá, Boyacá Department - 24 April 1979 in Villavicencio, Meta) was a Colombian sculptor, painter, and draughtsman.
Biography.
Beginnings in the arts.
Julio Abril studied in 1928 at the Salesian school Central Technical Institute of Bogotá and during 1929 was the student of Colombian cartoonist Lisandro Serrano's mother in Moniquirá. In 1933 he completed his studies at the school founded by the prominent educator Alfonso Ramirez who in timely fashion stimulated the budding artist in Abril.
From 1934 to 1939, on scholarship from the Department of Boyacá he studied sculpture under the direction of artists Gustavo Arcila Uribe, José Domingo Rodríguez and Carlos Reyes at the School of Fine Arts of the National University in Bogotá, Colombia.
In 1936 he held his first exhibition where he presented his wood sculpture "Cabeza de India" (Head of an Indian Woman) (1936), which was comprehensively commented by Leon Angel for "El Tiempo" (Colombia) and for which he received first prize at the Exhibition of Barranquilla in 1938.
His appreciation and talent for drawing led him to produce, in collaboration with artists Luis Alberto Acuña and Gonzalo Ariza, the illustrations for the book "La roma de los chibchas" (The rome of the chibchas) by Gabriel Camargo Pérez in 1937 and starting in 1938 he began publishing his drawings in the Sunday pages of El Tiempo. He continued until his death to publish illustrations and drawings in the newspapers and magazines of Colombia.
In 1939 he won the national competition for the monument to the chibcha race in Boyacá, Monumento al Indio (Monument to the Indian), with his project "Monument to Quemuenchatocha" (1939). The same year he organized and participated in the Exhibit of Artists of Boyacá on the IV Centennial of Tunja where he exhibited 4 sculptures: "Cabeza de India Boyacense" (Head of Boyacense Indian Woman) (1936), "Maternidad" (Maternity) (1939), "Alfarera de Ráquira" (Potter Woman of Ráquira) (1938), "Project for the Monument to the Indian" (1939), and 3 drawings: "Bañista" (Bather), "Project for the Monument to the Races", "Project for the Monument to the Quimbayas". Following these events, the interview "Julio Abril, the interpreter in stone of autochthonous motifs" in which Abril reveals his concepts on Colombian artists, is published in the newspaper La Razón, and in the magazine Estampa, an article is published about his intensely autochthonous works as strong representatives of a Colombianist art.
The years in México and the United States.
In 1939 the Department of Boyacá awarded Abril a scholarship to further his studies in sculpture at a school of fine arts in Italy or México. For reasons of the generalized war in Europe he moved to México City to continue his art studies at the Academy of San Carlos of the National Academy of Fine Arts and the School of Painting, Sculpture and Engraving "La Esmeralda", where he specialized in sculpture and casting under the direction of Guillermo Ruiz, Ortiz Monasterio and Rómulo Rozo.
Despite his absence from Colombia, he participated in the II Salon of Colombian Artists and obtained an honorable mention for his "Indio Sibundoy" (Sibundoy Indian) (1941), one of his first works of his period in Mexico. In 1941 he participated with Luis Alberto Acuna, Rómulo Rozo, Leo Matiz, and Juan Sanz Santamaría in the Exhibition of Paintings, Sculptures and Prints of Colombian Artists living in Mexico at the Palacio de Bellas Artes (Palace of Fine Arts) where among his sculptures and prints, he exhibited: "Familia de Mineros" (Family of Miners) (1940) and "Karl Marx" (1940). The Chilean poet Pablo Neruda spoke at the opening ceremony and Jose Reyes wrote about the Colombian artists in Mexico.
During his years in Mexico, Abril befriended Colombian writer Porfirio Barba-Jacob in the final years of the poet's life. Following Barba-Jacob's death on 14 January 1942, Abril produced the poet's funeral mask which later passed into the possession of Colombian painter Dario Jimenez Villegas. Years later, Abril paid tribute to his friend Barba-Jacob with his sculpture Acuarimántima.

</doc>
<doc id="31026737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026737" title="Calumnia">
Calumnia

Calumnia ("Slander") is a 1939 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026742" title="Mujeres y toros">
Mujeres y toros

Mujeres y toros ("Women and Bulls") is a 1939 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026744" title="El signo de la muerte">
El signo de la muerte

El signo de la muerte ("The Sign of Death") is a 1939 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta and stars Carlos Orellana.
Cast

</doc>
<doc id="31026745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026745" title="Praxis (store)">
Praxis (store)

Praxis, full name Praxis Doe-Het-Zelf Center B.V. ("Praxis Do-It-Yourself Centre B.V.") is a Dutch Hardware store-chain, headquartered in Diemen. The company started in 1978 in Venlo and as of 2009 it has 136 stores spread over the Netherlands of which 26 have an extended assortment, the so called "Megastores". Praxis employs about 5000 people. 
Praxis focusses not just on construction products but more on decorative do-it-yourself products. It also supplies garden materials. It is known to the general public for its sponsoring of the RTL 4 television program Eigen Huis & Tuin.
Praxis is part of the Maxeda retail group. Current board member of Maxeda responsible for the DIY section is Nick Wilkinson.

</doc>
<doc id="31026749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026749" title="Pobre diablo">
Pobre diablo

Pobre diablo ("Poor Devil") is a 1940 Mexican film directed by José Benavides hijo. It stars Fernando Soler.

</doc>
<doc id="31026751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026751" title="La canción del milagro">
La canción del milagro

La canción del milagro ("The Song of the Miracle") is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026754" title="Miente y serás feliz">
Miente y serás feliz

Miente y serás feliz ("Lie and be Happy") is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026756" title="Borrasca humana">
Borrasca humana

Borrasca humana () is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026757" title="El secreto de la monja">
El secreto de la monja

El secreto de la monja ("The Secret of the Nun") is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026761" title="Charles Dias de Oliveira">
Charles Dias de Oliveira

Charles Dias de Oliveira (born 4 April 1984), simply known as Charles, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Celta de Vigo in Spain, as a striker.
He played most of his career in Spain, mainly in Segunda División and Segunda División B.
Football career.
Born in Belém, Pará, Charles started playing football with Santos FC where he arrived at the age of four, then completed his formation with Tuna Luso Brasileira still in his country and C.D. Feirense in Portugal. He started his senior career with the latter, competing in both the second and third divisions.
In the 2004 summer Charles moved to Spain, signing with Pontevedra CF in Segunda División. He made his league debut on 28 August in a 0–1 home loss against Polideportivo Ejido, being sent off after only three minutes on the pitch.
Charles spent the following five seasons with the Galicians in Segunda División B. In his last he led the side to the promotion playoffs after scoring 15 goals in the regular season, but it eventually fell short.
In early July 2010, Charles signed as a free agent for Córdoba CF in the second level. He again netted 15 times in his first campaign, notably grabbing braces in wins against Xerez CD (3–1 away) and Albacete Balompié (5–1, home).
Charles joined fellow league side UD Almería – also in Andalusia – for the 2012–13 season, after engaging in extensive and fruitless conversations with Córdoba to renew his contract. On 2 December 2012 he scored a hat-trick past Racing de Santander in a 4–3 away win and, already fully reconverted as a striker after having started his career as a winger, was crowned the competition's Pichichi Trophy at 27 goals (plus five in the playoffs) to help his team back to La Liga after two years.
On 27 June 2013 Charles penned a four-year contract with top-divisioner Celta de Vigo, as a replacement for Liverpool-bound Iago Aspas. He scored in his top flight debut at the age of 29, helping to a 2–2 home draw against RCD Espanyol.
Charles was the author of the first-ever goal at the new San Mamés Stadium on 16 September 2013, but in a 2–3 loss to Athletic Bilbao. He took his league tally to seven on 11 January of the following year, netting a brace to help the hosts come from behind and defeat Valencia CF 2–1. 
Charles scored both goals in a 2–0 home win over Real Madrid on 11 May 2014, which ended his opponents chances of winning the league.
Personal.
Charles is cousin to two other footballers, Igor de Souza and Yuri de Souza. They too are forwards and also spent several seasons in Portugal and Spain, also representing Pontevedra.

</doc>
<doc id="31026762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026762" title="Noche de recién casados">
Noche de recién casados

Noche de recién casados ("Night of Newlyweds") is a 1941 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026767" title="Cinco minutos de amor">
Cinco minutos de amor

Cinco minutos de amor ("Five Minutes of Love") is a 1941 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026770" title="Dos mexicanos en Sevilla">
Dos mexicanos en Sevilla

Dos mexicanos en Sevilla ("Two Mexicans in Seville") is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026776" title="Simón Bolívar (1942 film)">
Simón Bolívar (1942 film)

Simón Bolívar is a 1942 Mexican historical drama film directed by Miguel Contreras Torres and starring Julián Soler, Marina Tamayo and Carlos Orellana. It is a biopic of the revolutionary Simón Bolívar who fought to end Spanish rule over much of Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="31026778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026778" title="Secreto eterno">
Secreto eterno

Secreto eterno ("Eternal Secret") is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026782" title="Qué hombre tan simpático">
Qué hombre tan simpático

Qué hombre tan simpático is a 1943 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026783" title="Béla Szombati">
Béla Szombati

Béla Szombati (born 1955) is a former Hungarian Ambassador to the United States.
Career.
He served as head of the Strategic Planning and Information Management Department at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (2006-09) as well as Hungary’s ambassador to the United Kingdom (2002-06) and to France (1994-99). In addition, he was deputy head of the State Secretariat for European Integration (1999-2002) and foreign policy advisor to the Hungarian president and head of the Foreign Relations Department of the President’s Office in Budapest (1991-94).
Szombati — who previously served in Washington from 1988 to 1991 as cultural attaché at the Hungarian Embassy — has also held posts at the Hungarian Embassy in Vietnam as well as in the Foreign Ministry’s Departments for North America, Asia, Western Europe and International Security.
He was appointed ambassador to the United States in 2009 following Ferenc Somogyi in this position. After the 2010 Hungarian parliamentary election he was replaced by György Szapáry, a Hungarian businessman.
Education.
He completed his higher education at London University and Eötvös Loránd University in Budapest, where he graduated in 1980, after which he joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
He speaks fluent English and French as well as some Russian and Spanish.
Private life.
Szombati is married to Zsuzsa Mihályi and has two sons, Kristóf (born 1980) and Dániel (born 1986).

</doc>
<doc id="31026786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026786" title="Tierra de pasiones (1943 film)">
Tierra de pasiones (1943 film)

Tierra de pasiones ("Land of Passions") is a 1943 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026789" title="Schwarzwasser (Mulde)">
Schwarzwasser (Mulde)

The Schwarzwasser () is a right tributary of the Zwickauer Mulde in the German state of Saxony and the Czech Republic.
Geschichte.
August Schumann schrieb im „Vollständigen Staats- Post- und Zeitungs-Lexikon von Sachsen“, 10. Band, Zwickau 1823, S. 794–800 über das Schwarzwasser:
„"Das Schwarzwasser des Erzgebirges ... hieß bei den Sorbenwenden Czurnitz oder Schurnitz, von Czorny (jetzt Czerny) schwarz, und dieß gab Veranlassung, sowohl den Fluß Schwarzwasser, als die anliegende Stadt Schwarzenberg zu benennen."
"Dieser Fluß, anfänglich böhmisch ..., gehört dann gänzlich zu Sachsen, und fast ausschließlich ins Kreisamt Schwarzenberg. Nächst unter Aue vereinigt er sich mit der nicht stärkern, ja sogar hinsichtlich des Flußgebietes etwas unbedeutendern Zwickauer Mulde, welche aber ihren Namen weiter fort behauptet." 
"Seinen Namen erhielt das Schwarzwasser im Gegensatz der Pöhl (ursprünglich Biela, d. i. Weißwasser), welche auch wirklich ein helleres Wasser führt, während daß des Schwarzwassers sehr in’s Kaffeebraune fällt - eine Eigenheit aller, über Granitblöcke jäh herabstürzender Flüsse, die besonders im Riesengebirge sehr auffällt, und auch im böhmischen Erzgebirge nicht selten ist. Die Pöhl verdünnt diese braune Farbe bei Sachsenfeld sehr merklich."
"Die Quellen des Schwarzwassers liegen am westlichen Abhang des hintern Fichtelbergs, also in der Hirschpfalz, auf dem Centralpunct des Erzgebirgs, 3400 bis 3500 pariser Fuß über dem Meere, in einer moorigen Gegend nordöstlich von Gottesgabe. Dieses Städtchen durchfließt es, schon durch 2 Bächlein, deren eines eisenhaltig ist, verstärkt, und bildet noch kein Thal, sondern was man im Niederlande eine Aue nennen würde, hier aber, auf so rauher Höhe, nicht so nennen kann. Höher als jene Quellen liegen im Erzgebirge nur die der Zschopau, der Sehma und des, Ober-Wiesenthal von Unterwiesenthal scheidenden Bächleins; diese Wässer aber bilden bald ein tieferes Thal, während das Schwarzwasser, da es mit dem Hochgebirge parallel fließt, lange keinen merklichen Thalgrund erhält. In seinem westlichen Laufe bespühlt es den nördlichen Fuß des Spitzbergs, das Oertchen Seyffen und die böhmischen Forsthäuser, wo es sich in 2 Arme theilt. Der rechte, welcher der obere heißt, schlängelt sich weit durch flach ansteigende Berge hin, und nimmt 12 Bächlein auf, die am hintern Kaff, am Mückenberg u. s. w. entspringen. Den kürzern linken oder untern Arm verstärken nur 3 Wässerchen, weil ihn das eigentliche Hochgebirge (zwischen Gottesgabe, Aberthann und Platten) sehr nahe begleitet. Den von Gottesgabe nach Platten geführten Berggraben aber zerstörte die Fluth im Aug. 1661." 
"Der obere Arm trifft das höchst einsam gelegene Oertchen oder die Eisenzeche Irrgang, unter dem bedeutenden Plattenberg aber das Dorf Hengst (Langenhengst), der untere hingegen am westlichen Fuß dieses Berges (den beide Arme als eine Insel umfließen) das Städtchen Platten. Nächst darunter, bei der Silbergrube Kaiser Karl, stürzt der obere Arm in den untern herab, und der Bach wendet sich, nachdem er hier 4 Mühlen getrieben, unter dem Namen des Breitenbachs nördlich, nachdem er 3 Stunden weit westlich geflossen, und bis zu etwa 2550 par. Fuß Meereshöhe herabgefallen ist. Er tritt aus seiner flachen und kahlen Niederung urplötzlich in ein waldiges, tiefes, schönes Thal ein, verstärKt durch ein aus Süden kommendes Bächlein. Bis hierher gieng auch ehedem die, bei Gottesgabe anhebende Flöße, welche 1540, da noch das ganze Schwarzwasser sächsisch war, Stephan Lenke für Platten anlegte." 
"Im Thale nun, welches rechts böhmisch, links sächsisch ist, treibt der Bach zwei kleine böhmische, zum Berggebiet Platten gehörige Blaufarbenwerke, welche älter als alle sächsi-schen sind, und stürzt Stufe zu Stufe, auf einigen Granitblöcken findet sich hier Veilchenmoos, und das Thal hat ein recht riesengebirgischen Ansehen. Plötzlich tritt der steile Fastenberg, den auch der aus Westen kommende Jugeler Bach bespühlt, in den Weg, und zwingt das, nun wieder sogenannte Schwarzwasser zu östlicher Ausbeugung. Es treibt noch das böhmisch-wittichsthaler oder breitenbacher Blaufarbenwerk, tritt gänzlich in Sachsen ein, wendet sich wieder nördlich, und scheidet Johanngeorgenstadts Höhe vom großen Hammerwerk und Bergflecken Wittichsthal, wo ein Bach es sehr verstärkt, der die Quellen des Rabengebirgs sammelte. Nach Betrieb einiger Mühlen tritt es abermals in ein tiefes, jedoch nicht so finstres Waldthal hinein, welches es zwischen 2 bis 300 Ellen hohen, zum Theil felsigen Bergwänden, und in vielen kleinen Krümmungen, jedoch im Ganzen nordöstlich, nach Schwarzenberg hinableitet. Dieses 3 Stunden lange Thal gehört ohne alle Fragen zu den schönsten und gandiosesten in Sachsen, und steht nur in gewisser Hinsicht den Felsengründen der sächs. Schweiz nach. Seine Einsamkeit unterbrechen anfangs nur die Haberlandsmühle, Täubners Haus und ein zweites Waldhaus, dann das Hammerwerk Breitenhof, bis beim Erlahammer vor Schwarzenberg ein volles reges Leben beginnt. Rechts steigt das vordre Rabengebirge, unterwärts aber das des Magneten- und Rothenbergs mächtig an; links sind die Höhen weniger hoch, aber steiler, und häufig mit den sonderbarsten, 30 bis 60 Ellen hohen Felsengruppen besetzt, welche größtentheils eigene Namen haben, z. E. die Teufelskanzel, der Teufelstein u. s. w. Bis ¾ Stunde von Johanngeorgenstadt führen mehrere Stollen ins Gebirge. Mit mächtigem Rauschen stürzt der kleine Fluß von Stufe zu Stufe, oft 2 Ellen hoch, heran, und das braune Wasser contrastirt, wie im Riesengebirge, sonderbar gegen die weißen Granitblöcke. Der wildeste Punct ist beim Einfluß der, aus einem 300 Ellen tiefen labyrinthischen Waldthale in südöstlicher Reichtung herbeistürzenden Steinbach; hier drängen sich die Berge dicht zusammen, und an den Felsenspitzen hallt das doppelte Rauschen beider starken Wässer wieder. Weiterhin fällt rechts der Ortbach mit dem Breitenbrunner Wasser, links der Fellbach, der Stink- und Halsbach ein - kleiner Wässer hier nicht zu gedenken." 
"Von der sonderbaren Windung des Flusses und von den Felsen bei Schwarzenberg, wo jener das Drahtwerk, 2 Hämmer und 3 Mühlen treibt, s. d. Art. Schwarzenberg. Er tritt 1000 Schritt unter der Stadt plötzlich in die Sachsenfelder Aue ein, eigentlich eine Verlängerung des lieblichen Thales der Pöhl, welche (durch beide Mittweiden, den Schwarz- und Oswaldbach reich verstärkt) dem Schwarzwasser fast gleich kommt. Dieser Vereinigungspunct liegt gegen 1350 par. Fuß über dem Meere, also gegen 1200 Fuß unter jenem bei Platten; auf 4 ½ Stunden gewiß ein seltenes Gefälle!" 
"Nun wendet sich der Fluß nach Nordwest, empfängt rechts in Obersachsenfeld das Beyerfelder, dann das Bernsbacher, ferner das Pfannenstiehler Grenzwasser, endlich beim Pfannenst. Blaubarbenwerke die Rumpelsbach, links besonders die Griese am Geresberg, der Dorfbach am Ende von Lauter, den Lumbach vor Aue, wo er sich, nachdem er Zelle der Länge nach, Aue nur am Ende bespühlt hat, in einem höchst reitzenden Thale, nach Laukner 1090 par. Fuß über der Nordsee, mit der Mulde vereinigt."
"Aus der Sachsenfelder Aue kommt der Fluß rasch in ein enges felsiges Thal, welches unter Lauter eine, so zu sagen, grausenhafte Schönheit gewinnt, in welcher es aber dem Publicum nicht bekannt ist, weil kaum ein Fußsteig in demselben hinführt. Diese tiefe Einsamkeit desselben unterbricht nur ein einzelnes, nach Barnsbach gehöriges, auf den Charten fehlendes Haus am Pfannenstiehler Bache. Hohe Felsenberge schließen den vielfach gewundenen Grund ein, und bereiten immer erneuete schöne Ansichten. Ein ganz mit Eichen bewachsener Berg (im Erzgebirge eine seltene Erscheinung), eine natürliche Felsenhöhle, uralte Stollnmündungen, eingefallene Felsenklippen, die Cascaden des Flusses - Alles dieß fesselt die Aufmerksamkeit, und entschädigt den Wanderer für den mühevollen Weg durch das Thal, welches vielen der schönsten Parthien im Plauenschen Grunde gleich zu stellen ist, aber noch keine Beschreibung fand. Starke Waldungen bekleiden seine Bergwände, und wegen der Steilheit derselben wirft man die Scheite des geschlagnen Holzes, zum Theil über 100 Ellen hoch, von der Höhe in den Fluß herunter. Da aber viele am Felsen hangen bleiben, so bilden sich dadurch, so zu sagen, Klippen von Holz, welche zum Theil eine höchst sonderbare Ansicht gewähren. Dieses merkwürdige Thal öffnet sich beim Pfannenst. Blaufarbenwerk in eine, der Sachsenfelder ähnliche Aue, welche auch dem Städtchen diesen Namen gegeben hat, und zu den reizendsten, anmuthigsten Parthien des Erzgebirges gehört; ..." 
"Nach obigen Angaben hat das Schwarzwasser überhaupt eine Ausdehnung von 10 ½ Stun-den, davon 3 ½ zu Böhmen allein gehören und 1 gemeinschaftlich ist, und gegen 2900 pariser Fuß oder 1360 Ellen Gefälle. Von Breitenhof an, wo es ein Fluß heißen kann, führen 11 Brücken darüber." 
"Wegen der vielen Hüttenwerke ist die Fischerei in demselben verhältnismäßig gering, wiewohl ehemals, besonders bei Sachsenfeld, die trefflichsten Forellen bis zu 9 Pfund schwer, und bei Aue ansehnliche Lachse gefangen worden sind; groß dagegen ist, ohne noch an eine Menge von Mahl-, Bretmühlen, auch einige Oelmühlen zu denken, des Wassers Nutzen im Betrieb von Kunstwerken. Denn es liegen daran die Kunstgezeuge des Johannes am rothen Berge, der Irrgangs, mehrerer Eisenwerke bei Johanngeorgenstadt u. s. w., ferner 3 kleine böhmische Blaufarbenwerke, und das treffliche sächsische bei Pfannenstiehl, der Schwarzenberger Drathhammer, die Hammerwerke Wittichsthal, Breitenhof und Erlahammer, drei Hämmer zu Schwarzenberg und Untersachenfeld, mehrere Werke bei Platten u. s. w. Durch die Nebenwässer des Flüsses aber werden noch 5 große Hammerwerke, 4 kleine Hämmer, ein wichtiges Drahtwerk, 3 Vitriolwerke u. s. w. in Umtrieb gesetzt."
"Wichtig ist der Fluß noch durch die Holzflöße, indem jährlich 2600 Klafter 8/4liches Scheitholz, bestimmter- und ziemlich vieles unbestimmtermaßen, außerdem aber auch viel Stöcke geflößt werden. Jedes der 3 sächs. Hammerwerke erhält 350 Klafter, das Pfannenstiehler Werk gegen 1000 Klafter Scheite; die übrigen erhalten Schwarzenberg, Sachsenfeld, Beyerfeld, Bernsbach u. s. w. Man findet diese Flöße und die damit verbunden gewesene auf der Mittweide schon im J. 1571 im Gange; letztere war besonders ums J. 1669 stark, wo man die Waldungen am Erbisbach zu schlagen begann, und wo die landesh. Wälder der Erbisleite, des Kaffbergs, Hennebergs, der Hölle u. s. f. bis Gottesgabe hin auf 100.000 Schragen geschätzt wurden. Am Erbisbache selbst (an der kleinen Mittweide) gab manche Tanne über 10 Klafter Holz, um 1669 flößte man dessen 10.000 Schragen fort. Diese Flöße auf der Mittweide ist aber mit den meisten dortigen Hammerwerken zugleich ein-gegangen. Die Schwarzwasserflöße hat ihre Expedition in einem Privathause zu Schwarzenberg, und einen besondern Floßmeister. Das Holz kommt fast lediglich aus den Domainenwäldern, wird von den Holzhauern im Winter auf Handschlitten an die Flüsse gefahren, und im Frühjahr in das angeschwollene, doch nicht durch Floßteiche künstlich zu verstärkende Wasser aufgeworfen."
"Das gesamte Flußgebiet des Schwarzwassers begreift 6 ¼ Quadratmeilen, und grenzt westlich mit dem der Mulde, östlich mit dem der Zschopau, nördlich ein wenig mit dem der Chemnitz, südlich mit einigen, zum Egergebiet gehörigen Flüßchen, besonders der Weißritz."“

</doc>
<doc id="31026790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026790" title="Wicklow (disambiguation)">
Wicklow (disambiguation)

Wicklow is a town in Ireland.
Wicklow may also refer to:
Constituencies.
The current parliamentary constituency bearing the County's name is:
The previous constituencies were:

</doc>
<doc id="31026792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026792" title="Arriba las mujeres">
Arriba las mujeres

Arriba las mujeres () is a 1943 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026795" title="El herrero">
El herrero

El herrero ("The Blacksmith") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026797" title="El pecado de una madre">
El pecado de una madre

El pecado de una madre ("The Sin of a Mother") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026801" title="La fuga (1944 film)">
La fuga (1944 film)

La fuga ("The Escape") is a 1944 Mexican film, which starred Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026803" title="El intruso (1944 film)">
El intruso (1944 film)

El intruso ("The Intruder") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026808" title="Alma de bronce">
Alma de bronce

Alma de bronce () is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026810" title="La hora de la verdad">
La hora de la verdad

La hora de la verdad ("The Moment of Truth") is a 1945 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026811" title="La Casa de la zorra">
La Casa de la zorra

La Casa de la zorra ("The House of the Vixen") is a 1945 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026813" title="Devil's Point, Devon">
Devil's Point, Devon

Devil's Point is located on the eastern side of the mouth of the River Tamar where it meets the English Channel at Plymouth Sound. It is also known as Western Kings Point. The Point marks the southwest extremity of East Stonehouse in Plymouth, England. On the opposite western shore of the Tamar is Mount Edgcumbe Country Park. To the immediate North is the Royal William Victualling Yard
The area is a public park and has a wealth of historical features. For centuries it has been used by friends and family to wave goodbye or welcome home to the crews of Royal Navy warships as they transit the narrow waters adjacent to Devil's Point.

</doc>
<doc id="31026815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026815" title="Crimen en la alcoba">
Crimen en la alcoba

Crimen en la alcoba ("Crime in the Bedroom") is a 1946 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026818" title="Maputo Corridor">
Maputo Corridor

The Maputo Corridor is a major trade corridor which connects the Gauteng, Limpopo, and Mpumalanga provinces of South Africa with Maputo, which is a port and the capital of Mozambique.
The corridor comprises roads - including the new N4 highway - and railways, ports, and border facilities at Komatipoort. which connect the industrial areas around Gauteng, and mines and agricultural districts to the east, with ports on the Mozambique coast. Maputo and Matola are both deepwater ports.
Transport organisations and border control agencies are cooperating to improve transport and lower barriers to trade.
History.
The corridor was first planned in 1994, as a rehabilitation project for disused transport links. Since then, the project has broadened, new parties have become involved, and over $5 billion invested.

</doc>
<doc id="31026822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026822" title="Zahra Rahmat Allah">
Zahra Rahmat Allah

Zahra Rahmat Allah (born 1954) is a Yemeni short story writer. She studied English literature at Aden University and worked at Saba, the state news agency. She was also chief editor of the magazine of the Yemeni Women's Union. Her first book of short stories was titled "Bidaya Ukhra" (Another Beginning) was published from Sanaa in 1994. Her story "The Secret" won a BBC short story competition in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31026824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026824" title="La barca de oro">
La barca de oro

La barca de oro ("The Golden Boat") is a 1947 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026827" title="¡Vuelven los García!">
¡Vuelven los García!

¡Vuelven los García! ("The Return of the García!") is a 1947 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026829" title="Café de chinos">
Café de chinos

Café de chinos ("Chinese Coffee") is a 1949 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31026831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026831" title="Rencontres d'Arles">
Rencontres d'Arles

The Rencontres d'Arles (formerly called Rencontres internationales de la photographie d'Arles) is an annual summer photography festival founded in 1970 by the Arles photographer Lucien Clergue, the writer Michel Tournier and the historian Jean-Maurice Rouquette.
The Rencontres d’Arles has an international impact by showing material that has never been seen by the public before. In 2013, 96,000 people visited the festival.
The specially designed exhibitions, often organised in collaboration with French and foreign museums and institutions, take place in various historic sites. Some venues, such as 12th-century chapels or 19th-century industrial buildings, are open to the public throughout the festival.
The Rencontres d’Arles has revealed many photographers, confirming its significance as a springboard for photography and contemporary creativity.
In recent years the Rencontres d'Arles has invited many guest curators and entrusted some of its programming to such figures as Martin Parr in 2004, Raymond Depardon in 2006 and the Arles-born fashion designer Christian Lacroix.
The festival.
Events.
Opening week at the Rencontres d’Arles features photography-focused events (projections at night, exhibition tours, panel discussions, symposia, parties, book signings, etc.) in the town’s historic venues, some of which are only open to the public during the festival.
Memorable events in recent years include Europe Night (2008), an overview of European photography; Christian Lacroix’s fashion show for the festival’s closing (2008); and Patti Smith’s concert for the Vu agency’s 20th anniversary (2006).
Nights at the Roman Theatre.
At night, work by a photographer or a photography expert is projected in the town’s open-air Roman theatre accompanied by concerts and performances. Each event is a one-off creation.
In 2009, 8,500 people attended evenings at the Roman theatre, an average of 2,000 a night, and 2,500 were there on closing night, when the Tiger Lilies played during a projection of Nan Goldin’s “The Ballad of Sexual Dependency”.
In 2013 over 6,000 people attended the nighttime photography projections, an average of approximately 1,000 each night.
The Night of the Year.
The Night of the Year, which was created in 2006, is a festive event in the streets of Arles, where visitors can walk around to see the year’s work by photographers from the press, agencies and collectives on 14 screens.
Symposia and panel discussions.
Photographers and professionals participating in symposia and panel discussions during opening week discuss their work or issues raised by the images on display.
In recent years the themes included whether a black-and-white aesthetic is still conceivable in photography (2013); the impact of social networks on creativity and information (2011); breaking with past, a key idea for photography today (2009); photography commissions: freedom or constraint (2008); challenges and changes in the photography market (2007).
The Rencontres d’Arles awards.
Since 2002 the Rencontres d’Arles awards have been an opportunity to discover new talents. In 2007 the number of annual awards was reduced to three, presented at the closing ceremony of the festival’s professional week: the Discovery Award (€25,000), Author’s Book Award (€8,000) and History Book Award (€8,000).
Photo Folio Review & Gallery.
Since 2006 aspiring photographers have been able to submit their portfolios to international photography experts in various fields, including publishers, exhibition curators, heads of institutions, agency directors, gallery owners, collectors, critics and photo editors, for appraisal during the festival’s opening week. Photo Folio Review & Gallery offers them an opportunity to show their work throughout the festival. 
Photography classes.
The Rencontres d’Arles has always been a place where professional photographers and practitioners on every level have been able to meet each other and exchange ideas. Each year, photography class participants undertake a personal journey of creation through photography’s aesthetic, ethical and technological issues.
Leading photographers such as Guy le Querrec, Antoine d’Agata, Martin Parr, René Burri and Joan Fontcuberta regularly teach at the Rencontres d’Arles.
Rentrée en Images.
“Rentrée en Images” has been a key part of the festival’s educational activities since 2004. During the first two weeks in September, special mediators take students from the primary to graduate school level on guided tours of the exhibitions. Based on the festival’s programming, the event aims to introduce young people to the visual arts and fits in with a wider policy of cultural democratisation. “Rentrée en Images” reaches thousands of students, and for many of them it is their first exposure to contemporary art.
Budget.
Public funding accounted for 48% of the 2013 festival’s €6.3-million budget, sales (mainly of tickets and derivative products), 35% and private partnerships, 17%.

</doc>
<doc id="31026835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026835" title="New Tomorrow">
New Tomorrow

"New Tomorrow" is a 2011 English language song by Danish pop/rock band A Friend in London. It represented Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, held in Düsseldorf, Germany. On 26 February 2011, the song won the Danish preselection contest Dansk Melodi Grand Prix in 2011. It is the first single from their yet-untitled debut album.
Immediately after, the single was released in Denmark, making it straight to #3 in its first week of release (chart dated 4 March 2011).
The song was used as the Labour Party's anthem for the 2013 Malta elections.
Controversy.
"New Tomorrow" was written and composed by Lise Cabble and Jakob Glæsner. However, even before it was chosen to represent Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest, it was accused of plagiarising several different songs, e.g. "Herz an Herz" by German NDW band Paso Doble, "Sing for Me" by Swedish singer-songwriter Andreas Johnson, "Face 2 Face" by Future Trance United, "Super Star" by Taiwanese girl band S.H.E., "Silk Road" a Chinese folk tune interpreted by Kitaro, "Yasashii Uta" by MUCC, and "Shine" by Take That. 
One of the co-writers Jacob Glæsner commented that "the song is very popular in its expression and consist basically only of five tones. It is unavoidable that it doesn’t remind of a song one has already heard".
Performance.
A Friend in London performed the song during Eurovision 2011 finishing fifth overall with 134 points, including 12 points from Ireland, Iceland and the Netherlands and 10 points from Sweden and Estonia and 8 points from Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="31026840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026840" title="Tarabulus Zoo Park">
Tarabulus Zoo Park

Tarabulus Zoo Park is a park in Tripoli, Libya, located to the south of Tripoli city center. Tripoli Zoo is in the south-west corner of the park, and the Rixos Al Nasr hotel is situated in its south-east corner. 
Colonel Gaddafi's Bab al-Azizia complex is situated immediately to the north-east of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="31026861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026861" title="Dove River (Canterbury)">
Dove River (Canterbury)

The Dove River is a river in the Canterbury region of New Zealand. It rises near Mt Te Kooti and runs southward, draining the Big Island Hills to its west and the Tekoa Range to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="31026874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026874" title="Plumer">
Plumer

Plumer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31026899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026899" title="Henry Henne">
Henry Henne

Henry Henne (21 October 1918 – 2002) was a Norwegian linguist.
He was born in Bergen, and grew up in Solheimsviken, as a son of Halvar Henne (1894–1965) og Hansine Ellingsdatter (1884–1959). He was married twice, the second time to an American citizen.
He finished his secondary education in 1938. He studied different languages on his own, and during the Second World War he received private tuition in Russian language from professors Christian Schweigaard Stang and Erik Krag. He received a Rockefeller Foundation grant in 1946 to study the Chinese language under Bernhard Karlgren in Sweden, and Henne graduated with the fil.kand. degree from the Stockholm University College in 1948, and went to South China to study further. He made a name studying Hakka Chinese, and later learnt Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese and Thai in Japan and the United States. He was a research fellow at the University of Oslo from 1952 to 1956, before taking the fil.lic. degree at Stockholm University College in 1958. He was a professor at the International Christian University, Tokyo from 1958 to 1963, at Cornell University from 1963 to 1965, at the International Christian University, Tokyo from 1965 to 1966, at the University of Oslo from 1966 to 1981 and the University of Bergen from 1981 to 1988. He then worked with Japanese tuition at the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration from 1988 to 1992.
He was the chairman of the Institute for Comparative Research in Human Culture from 1975 to 1986 and a board member of the Central Nordic Institute of Asian Studies from 1967 to 1988. He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1970 and the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters from 1979, and was decorated with the Order of the Rising Sun in 1988. He died in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31026902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026902" title="Jürgen Pinter">
Jürgen Pinter

Jürgen Pinter (born 30 March 1979 in Villach) is an Austrian cross-country skier. He competed in cross-country skiing at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin. He participated at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31026907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026907" title="Ray Butler (politician)">
Ray Butler (politician)

Ray Butler (born 30 December 1965) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Meath West constituency at the 2011 general election. Living in Trim, Butler's family is originally from Kells. He served on Trim Town Council from 2004 to 2011, including a year as mayor of that council, and was elected to Meath County Council in May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31026930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026930" title="Jestřabí">
Jestřabí

Jestřabí may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31026934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026934" title="Jabera (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Jabera (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Jabera Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 2008, following delimitation of the legislative assembly constituencies. Before delimitation, the area covered by this constituency was part of the erstwhile Nohata constituency abolished in 2008.
Overview.
Jabera (constituency number 56) is one of the 4 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Damoh district. This constituency covers the entire Jabera and Tendukhera tehsils of the district.
Jabera is part of Damoh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Pathariya, Damoh and Hatta in this district, Deori, Rehli and Banda in Sagar district and Malhara in Chhatarpur district.

</doc>
<doc id="31026945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026945" title="Eugen Buktenica">
Eugen Buktenica

Eugen Buktenica (1914-1997) was a Croatian painter. His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb. He was born in Grohote on the island of Šolta. The nature and life on the island in the Mediterranean provided the most subjects of his paintings

</doc>
<doc id="31026946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026946" title="Ben Lawrence (American football)">
Ben Lawrence (American football)

Benjamin J. Lawrence is a former guard in the National Football League. He was a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers during the 1987 NFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="31026948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026948" title="P.A.R.C.E. Tour">
P.A.R.C.E. Tour

The P.A.R.C.E. Tour is an ongoing concert tour by Colombian rock musician Juanes. The tour, in support of his 2010 album, "P.A.R.C.E.", began on March 10, 2011 in Seattle, Washington. The tour is presented by AT&T.
Setlist.
Encore

</doc>
<doc id="31026950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026950" title="Dragan Gaži">
Dragan Gaži

Dragan Gaži (1930-1983) was a Croatian painter. His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="31026958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026958" title="Drago Jurak">
Drago Jurak

Drago Jurak (1911-1994) was a Croatian painter. His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="31026969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026969" title="Matija Skurjeni">
Matija Skurjeni

Matija Skurjeni (1898–1990) was a Croatian painter associated with the naïve art movement.
Background.
Skurjeni was born on September 14, 1898 in Veternica, Croatia. His father worked as a carpenter and died in an accident felling a tree when Matija was a boy. As one of eight children, Skurjeni was forced to quit school at the age of seven to work as a shepherd in Veternica. He learned to read and write from his older siblings. At the age of twelve, Skurjeni found work building the Karlovac railways, but soon apprenticed a painter in Metlika. At the age of eighteen, Skurjeni served as a soldier in World War I on the Russian and Italian fronts. After one year of service, he was wounded at Castel Tessino. He served once more as a soldier from 1921 until 1922 when he contracted malaria. After serving in the army, Skurjeni worked as a miner on his land near Golubovec, but preferred his more artistic occupations. He therefore finished his apprenticeship in Metlika and moved to Zagreb, where he worked with the painters “Broz-Gubec-Zakošek.” In 1928, he was hired at the State Railways in Zagreb’s workshop where he worked until retiring in 1956. In 1964, Skurjeni helped found the Association of Independent Naïve Artists of Croatia.
Skurjeni fell ill in 1975 and ceased painting. In 1984, he gave some of his paintings and sketches to the municipality of Zaprešić, building the foundation of the Matija Skurjeni Gallery. He died in Zaprešić on October 4, 1990.
Artistic Development.
In 1924, Skurjeni commenced copying oleographs, making drawings on packing paper and coloring it with wall paint. These oleographs primarily contained religious images. At this time, Skurjeni was still considered a craftsman rather than a professional painter. 
In 1945, Skurjeni joined a Workers’ Cultural Society headed by Vinko Jeđut that hosted evening courses funded by its instructors. The classes, which lasted until 1949, sought to instruct individuals about formal artistic techniques and initiate artists to the socialist realist movement. Skurjeni’s paintings from this time period certainly reflect the movement, including figures with a more regular and proportionate anatomy, such as oval shaped heads. The Cultural-Educational Societies of Zagreb’s art sections considered Skurjeni’s art too primitive, however, and it was never exhibited in their shows in the 1950s.
The Belgrade Exhibition Pavilion opened the first exhibit of Yugoslav naïve artists in 1957 in which Skurjeni’s work “Zaprešićka rampa” (Zaprešić Ramp) appeared, thus launching him into the realm of professional artists. Skurjeni began to receive international recognition as he exhibited with Vinko Jeđut and other Yugoslav Railways employees. During the next several years Skurjeni forged a strong relationship with the Zagreb Gallery of Primitive Art and its director Dr. Mića Bašičević with whom he often collaborated.
From 1958, Skurjeni's style distinguished itself from other naïve painters through his paradigmatic work. In the early 1960s, Skurjeni associated with the avant-garde artists of Zagreb who called themselves the Gorgon. He participated in their first exhibition entitled “Salon G” and then continued to use the Gorgon motif throughout his career, including pieces such as: “Gorgon,” “In the Honor of the Gorgon,” and “The Gorgon Castle.” However, while associated with several avant-garde artists, Skurjeni’s style never conformed to the movement.
Style.
Skurjeni is considered one of the most influential independent naïve artists, along with Ivan Rabuzin and Emerik Feješ. However, Skurjeni differs from many other naïve artists in that his work often focuses on the beyond through symbolism, metaphor and the inclusion of many fantastical elements. He concentrates less on physical spaces than many other naïve artists and hosts his paintings in a realm of imagination and dreams in a world he referred to as, “beyond the real.” His pictures often depict spatially and temporary separate actions converging in one tableau, especially in his studies. Nevertheless, many motifs from Skurjeni’s own life appear in his work, such as trains, mines, the gorgon, ruins, gypsies, astronauts and landscapes from Zagorje. He paints the working world but according to his own deformed characteristics. Many of his motifs find links from his childhood and comment on political development.
Exhibits.
Skurjeni exhibited independently in Zagreb in 1958 and 1962, Belgrade and Novi Sad in 1959, Split in 1961 and Paris in 1962, Cologne in 1963, Zurich 1928, Frankfurt 1973, retrospective in Zlatar 1973, Milan 1978, Zapresic 1983 and 1987, Zagreb 1998, Zapresic 1998. He also received positive recognition in group exhibitions in Poland, South America, Italy, Sweden, Hungary and Germany, the United States. Skurjeni’s work is housed in room five of the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art, where his pieces on display include, Roaming Athletes, 1960; Soccer Players, 1961; and My Homeland, 1960.
The first written plans for the Matija Skurjeni Gallery appeared on July 2, 1984, when Skurjeni and his collaborator Milka Kobešćak discussed donating several of his works to the municipality of Zaprešić. The Palace in Zaprešić opened the Matija Skurjeni Gallery July 15, 1987, proclaiming him an honorary citizen the same year. Up until 2000 the Gallery remained a part of the Brdovec Museum when, on November 20, the Minister of Culture announced the transition from the Matija Skurjeni Gallery to the Matija Skurjeni Museum after Kobešćak bequeathed upon her death her own collection of Skurjeni’s works to the city of Zaprešić and the Skurjeni Gallery, leading the city to demand a more permanent exhibition space.

</doc>
<doc id="31026977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026977" title="Petar Smajić">
Petar Smajić

Petar Smajić (1910–1985) was a Croatian painter. His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="31026980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026980" title="Slavko Stolnik">
Slavko Stolnik

Slavko Stolnik (11 June 1929 in village Donja Voća near Varaždin - 17 May 1991 Donja Voća) was a Croatian painter. 
Life.
Interested in painting since childhood, but born in poor peasant family, he did not have funds for education. Employed, first as a miner, then went to serve in the People's militia in Zagreb. 
Hegedušić influence.
In Croatian capital, soon he meets art pedagogue Krsto Hegedušić who noticed his talent for painting, and teaches him painting on glass. After the great success, was considered almost a sensation in the art world, Stolnik went to Paris to conquer the world. Uneducated peasant, unaccustomed to the cruelty of the big city, ended up as a Tramp under the Seine bridges. In 1963 returns to Zagreb and then to his birthplace where he is inspired by the local images of everyday life. In third, and most fruitful phase of his painting, between 1970 and 1976 he created most important works. Apart from painting, he has sculptor and skilful in folk medicine, which is why in late 80's, people throughout Yugoslavia visited him seeking remedy for recovery.
His first solo exhibition was in Zagreb in 1955. 
Exhibitions.
He has exhibited in numerous solo and group exhibitions at: Zagreb, Rijeka, Dubrovnik, Beograd, Lausanne, Paris, Zlatar, Varaždin, Frankfurt, Milano, Duisburg, Torino Asti, Eisenstadt.
His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb.
Death.
During the night between 16 and 17 May 1991 year, in his home in Stolnik hamlet of Donja Voća, was killed by two robbers.

</doc>
<doc id="31026986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026986" title="Lavoslav Torti">
Lavoslav Torti

Lavoslav Torti (1875-1942) was a Croatian painter. His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="31026994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026994" title="Ivan Večenaj">
Ivan Večenaj

Ivan Večenaj (18 May 1920 – 13 February 2013; Koprivnica, Croatia) was a Croatian painter. His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="31026999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026999" title="Josip Generalić">
Josip Generalić

Josip Generalić (1935–2004) was a Croatian painter. His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="31027003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027003" title="Requiem (London Boys song)">
Requiem (London Boys song)

"Requiem" is Europop duo London Boys' first hit single, released in 1988 from the album The Twelve Commandments of Dance. The single was written and produced by Ralf René Maué. The single peaked at #4 in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="31027004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027004" title="Mijo Kovačić">
Mijo Kovačić

Mijo Kovačić (1935-) is a Croatian painter. His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="31027008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027008" title="Martin Mehkek">
Martin Mehkek

Martin Mehkek (born 1936) is a Croatian painter. His works can be found at the Croatian Museum of Naïve Art in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="31027013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027013" title="Sandwell Council election, 2008">
Sandwell Council election, 2008

The 2008 Sandwell Council election took place on 1 May 2008 to elect members of Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council in the West Midlands, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Background.
Before the election Labour ran the council with 52 of the 72 seats, compared to 11 for the Conservatives, 5 Liberal Democrats, 2 British National Party and 2 independents. This meant the Conservatives could not gain control of the council whatever the results, despite Labour defending 17 of the 24 seats being contested. Other candidates in the election included 12 from the British National Party, 7 from the Green party and 1 Socialist Labour party candidate in Oldbury ward.
Election result.
The results saw Labour remain in control of the council with 49 seats, but the Conservatives made a net gain of 3 to move to 14 seats. The Conservatives gained 4 of the 17 seats Labour had been defending, in the wards of Bristnall, Cradley Heath and Old Hill, Princes End and Wednesbury South. However Labour did take 1 seat back from the Conservatives in St Pauls ward. Labour put the results down to them keeping council tax levels low and improving services, however the Conservatives said they were moving forward in "a traditional Labour stronghold".
The Liberal Democrats held the 2 seats they had been defending in Great Barr with Yew Tree and Newton wards to stay on 5 seats, while neither the Greens or the British National Party won any seats. The British National Party share of the vote in the 12 seats they contested, dropped to 17% from the 33% they had won in the 2006 election.

</doc>
<doc id="31027014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027014" title="Patricia Harty (actress)">
Patricia Harty (actress)

Patricia Harty (born November 5, 1941 in Washington, D.C.), also known professionally as Trisha Hart, is an American actress. She is known for her starring roles in several short-lived television series, "Occasional Wife" (1966-67) as Greta Patterson, "Blondie" (1968) as the titular Blondie Bumstead, "The Bob Crane Show" (1975) as Ellie Wilcox and "Herbie, The Love Bug" (1982) as Susan MacLane. She also appeared on Broadway in "Fiorello!" and "Sail Away".
Harty married "Occasional Wife" co-star Michael Callan in June 1968. The marriage ended in divorce. She married Les Sheldon, who had been associate producer on "The Bob Crane Show", in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31027015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027015" title="Rochford Hughes">
Rochford Hughes

Air Marshal Sir Sidney Weetman Rochford Hughes KCB, CBE, AFC (25 October 1914 – 17 September 1996) was a British Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding Far East Air Force.
RAF career.
Educated at Waitaki Boys' High School, Hughes joined the Royal Air Force in 1938. He served in World War II mainly in the Middle East and North Africa: after being shot down, he was taken prisoner in 1941 by a group of Italian soldiers near Benghazi - although he later turned the tables and took 130 Italians prisoner himself. He became Officer Commanding No. 511 Squadron in September 1945. After the War he served as Officer Commanding the Royal Aircraft Establishment at Farnborough before becoming Station Commander at RAF Jever in 1955. He went on to be Air Officer Commanding No. 19 (Reconnaissance) Group in 1962 and Deputy Controller of Aircraft (RAF) at the Ministry of Aviation in 1964 before becoming Air Officer Commanding Far East Air Force in 1966 and retiring in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31027047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027047" title="African Nations Championship">
African Nations Championship

The African Nations Championship (sometimes referred to as African Championship of Nations or CHAN) is a football tournament which was first announced on 11 September 2007. It is administered by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) and is played between the best national teams of Africa, exclusively featuring players who are active in the national championships and qualified to play in the ongoing season. Expatriate players, regardless of where they play, even in Africa, may not qualify to take part in the African Championship of Nations.
The first tournament was held in 2009. It was hosted by Côte d'Ivoire and won by The Democratic Republic of the Congo. The competition was expanded to 16 teams for the second tournament, held in Sudan in 2011. The tournament was won by Tunisia, in the wake of the Tunisian Revolution.
The tournament is held every two years, alternating with the Africa Cup of Nations. The qualifying phase has taken place every even year and the final every odd year. From now on it has swapped years with Africa Cup of Nations. 
Tournament formation.
The creation of the African Nations Championship was a response to the desire to revive or strengthen national competitions regularly weakened by a mass exodus of top players who leave their home countries to play for foreign teams which will pay more and get them more media coverage. Starting from the 2014 edition onwards, all of the match's are recognize by FIFA as 'A' team match's.
CAF hopes that the players in the national competitions can experience the joy of the selection, and to one day integrate the selection with that of the Cup of African Nations.
Qualifying.
The eight tournament spots, for the first edition in 2009, were allocated the following way:
Since the second edition, in 2011, 16 teams qualify for the tournament, allocated this way (including host country):
Tournament format.
The Group stage of the African Nations Championship features pools of four teams drawn at random. The top two teams from each group advance to the knockout stage.
On 8 March 2009, Democratic Republic of the Congo defeated Ghana 2–0 to become the first winner of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31027051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027051" title="Duif">
Duif

Duif (means "pigeon") is Dutch surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31027057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027057" title="Jeff Lee (American football)">
Jeff Lee (American football)

Jeffrey Leroy Lee is a former wide receiver in the National Football League. He played with the St. Louis Cardinals during the 1980 NFL season.
Mr. Jeff Lee is currently a beloved elementary teacher in Racine Unified School District. In addition to this, he is the head football coach for one of the RUSD high school teams.

</doc>
<doc id="31027058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027058" title="Gunnar Henningsmoen">
Gunnar Henningsmoen

Gunnar Henningsmoen (17 September 1919 – 23 April 1996) was a Norwegian palaeontologist.
He was born in Kristiania, as a son of the Colonel Nils H. Henningsmoen. In 1962 he married Kari Egede Larssen.
He became a student in 1939 and graduated with the cand. real. degree from the University of Oslo in 1946. During the Second World War he had spent some time in exile in Sweden, after the University of Oslo was closed. He was hired as a curator at the Palaeontological Museum in 1948 and promoted to head curator in 1956. He took the dr.philos. degree in 1957 with the thesis "The trilobite family Olenidae". He was the secretary-general of the International Commission on Stratigraphy from 1960 to 1965, a visiting professor at the University of Kansas from 1966 to 1967 and a professor at the University of Oslo from 1967. In addition to his academic publications, he is known for the popular release "Trilobitter" in 1977.
He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1965. He was a board member of the Norwegian Geological Survey from 1947 to 1952, and edited the journal "Norsk Geologisk Tidsskrift" in 1966, 1968, 1969 and 1970. He died in April 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31027064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027064" title="Francisco Cabello y Mesa">
Francisco Cabello y Mesa

Francisco Antonio de Cabello y Mesa (1764 -1814) was a Spanish soldier and writer. He edited the first newspapers of the current nations of Peru, Argentina and Uruguay and founded "El telégrafo Mercantil" in Buenos Aires in 1801. He wrote under the pseudonym Jaime Bausate y Meza.
Born in Extremadura, he joined the army without having completed law studies he had begun in Salamanca. He was sent to the Viceroyalty of Peru, where he was commissioned to defend the border of the province of Jauja, in the Amazon jungle, with the rank of colonel in 1790.
Returning from that duty, he edited the first newspaper published in South America, called "The Curious Journal, Scholar and Trade", in Lima. He was one of the founders of the Patriotic Society of Friends of the Country, a typical group in the Age of Enlightenment. He was also an attorney from the Audiencia of Lima.
In 1798 he went off to Spain, but his travels came to an end in Buenos Aires, for health reasons, and because he had difficulty finding passage. In the capital of the Viceroyalty of Río de la Plata, he contacted local representatives of the Enlightenment, including Secretary of Consulate in Buenos Aires, Manuel Belgrano.
He founded there the Society of Friends of the Country, but it was unsuccessful. This short-lived society had historical significance because, in partnership with the Consulate, the Society published the first newspaper in present-day Argentina, El Telegraph Commercial, Rural, Political, Economic and historiography, although it was not often known by its full name. The first issue appeared in April 1801, as a collaboration between Cabello, Manuel Belgrano and José de Lavardén. The last issue was published in October, 1802, after ten issues as a result of poor circulation and declining subscribers.
Cabello belonged to the "Lodge Independence", active since 1805 in Buenos Aires, directed by Juan José Castelli, which intended to garner British support for separating the Spanish territories from their parent country. During the British invasion, many Creoles collaborated with the British. Many of them did so in secret, but Cabello agreed to hold a public position in the government of invading Governor William Carr Beresford. When the Reconquista occurred by the Creole and Spanish, Cabello was arrested and charged with treason against the King, and was taken prisoner at Montevideo.
The following year, in 1807, Cabello was arrested in the eastern city during the second British invasion. He was released when that city fell into the hands of General Samuel Auchmuty, and his successor in command, John Whitelocke, put him in charge of the editorial of a newspaper in British propaganda, the Southern Star, a bilingual publication with which the British hoped to ingratiate themselves with the natives. After the Battle of Buenos Aires, which forced the British to withdraw also from Montevideo, the British invaders refused to take Cabello with them.
He was arrested by order of Viceroy Liniers and sent, a prisoner to Spain, where he expected to be condemned to death.
The French invasion of the peninsula saved his life for a few years. He was released, and joined the Liberal Party Spanish in Sevilla. He took refuge in Cadiz, protected by the English fleet, until the restoration of King Ferdinand VII of Spain. He could not escape more.
He was shot in Seville in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="31027065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027065" title="Walney Wind Farm">
Walney Wind Farm

Walney Wind Farm is an offshore wind farm 14 km west of Walney Island off the coast of Cumbria, in the Irish Sea, England. It has a capacity of 367 MW, which makes it one of the world's largest offshore wind farms. The wind farm was developed by Walney (UK) Offshore Windfarms Limited, a partnership between DONG Energy and Scottish and Southern Energy. The farm is immediately north west of the West of Duddon Sands Wind Farm and also to the west of Ormonde Wind Farm. The farm is in water depths ranging from 19m to 23m and covers an area of approximately 73 km2.
Description.
Both phases have 51 turbines giving a nameplate capacity of 367 MW. Until September 2012 it was the world's largest operational offshore wind farm. It is expected to generate about 1,300 GW·h/year of electricity, with a load factor of 43%
Planning.
The key planning consents obtained were the following:
Construction.
In 2004 DONG Energy was awarded a 50-year lease from The Crown Estate to develop a wind farm off Walney Island, as part of the second UK offshore wind farm tendering process known as "Round 2". The farm was constructed sequentially in two phases with overlapping installation activities to reduce the overall construction timeframe.
The project involved constructing the wind turbines and their foundations, building two offshore substations and installing two undersea power cables, one for each phase, and two short onshore cables to connect to two existing onshore Electrical substations for connection into the UK National Grid. Phase 1 connects to a substation at Heysham and Phase 2 connects to substation at Stanah, south of Fleetwood. Both undersea cables pass close by Barrow Wind Farm. All the construction work was expected to take less than 2 years, with both phases operational by the end of 2011. On 11 July 2011 Phase 1 became operational, comprising 51 turbines with an installed capacity of 183.6MW.
Walney 2 began sending power to the grid on 1 November 2011. In February 2012, DONG Energy claimed to have installed the 51 turbines in Walney 2 in 5 months and 14 days, including monopiles and complete turbines; about 3.25 days per turbine. Walney 1 took 7 months. The improvement is due to commonality of projects and resources. The wind farm was officially opened on 9 February 2012 by the new energy secretary, Ed Davey, MP, although the last of the 51 turbines in Walney 2 were only activated in April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31027096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027096" title="Wachtler">
Wachtler

Wachtler is a German surname. Notable persons with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="31027097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027097" title="Hitomi Niiya">
Hitomi Niiya

She formed part of the Japanese junior team at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships from 2004 to 2006, helping them to team medals each time. She also won a bronze medal over 5000 metres at the 2005 World Youth Championships. Niiya won the 2007 Tokyo Marathon at the age of eighteen in her debut over the marathon distance. Her best for the event is 2:30:58 hours. She has also had success in ekiden relay running, having represented Japan at the Yokohama International Women's Ekiden and helped Toyota Industries to their first team title domestically.
Career.
Niiya attended Kōjōkan Senior High School and began competing in track and field and cross country running while there. After winning the junior selection race at the Chiba Cross Country, Niiya made her international debut at the 2004 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and her nineteenth place finish helped the Japanese junior women to the team bronze medal. She took a consecutive victory in Chiba in February 2005, thus returning to the world event the following year. She improved to thirteenth place and helped the Japanese team to another bronze alongside Akane Wakita and Yurika Nakamura. The 2005 World Youth Championships in Athletics in Marrakesh provided her the venue for her first international individual medal, as she claimed the bronze in the 3000 metres. That October, she won the 3000 m at the 2005 National Sports Festival of Japan in Okayama, being the only local athlete to win at the festival. At the end of that year she won at the inter-high school championships and ran the second fastest time ever for a Japanese high school student in the 5000 metres, taking her title with a time of 15:28.70 minutes.
Niiya repeated both her thirteenth placing and team bronze at the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships junior race, but began to move towards ekiden road running competitions that year. She represented Japan in the Yokohama International Women's Ekiden and just edged past Ethiopia's Ameba Denboba on the final leg to lift Japan into the top three. After graduating from high school she chose to focus on running full-time, working under coach Yoshio Koide, who trained Olympic champion Naoko Takahashi. The rebooted Tokyo Marathon in 2007 did not invite any elite level women and Niiya filled the void, entering the race among the thousands of public runners, and won the women's race, recording a time of 2:31:01 hours for her debut over the distance.
In March 2008, she debuted in the half marathon, finishing with a time of 1:11:41 hours to take third place behind Mara Yamauchi and Rie Takayoshi at the Matsue Ladies Half Marathon. She competed in her second marathon that August but found herself behind Yukari Sahaku (also coached by Koide) and finished in second place at the Hokkaido Marathon. Her year ended on a high note as she helped Toyota Industries to their first title at the All Japan Corporate Team Women's Ekiden Championships.
Her third marathon came in March 2009 at the Nagoya Marathon – she was leading at 30 km and although she achieved a personal best time of 2:30:58, she slowed in the latter stages and finished eighth. At the Oda Memorial in April she won the 5000 m with a personal best time of 15:23.27 minutes. The following year, a third place finish in Fukuoka gained her a place on the senior team for the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where she finished in 31st place.
Her 2011 season began with two domestic victories at the Chiba and Fukuoka Cross Country races, winning by large margins in both. At the 2011 IAAF World Cross Country Championships she finished in 26th place, helping Japan to seventh in the women's team rankings. On the track, she ran a 5000 m best of 15:13.12 minutes in June then claimed the 2011 Asian Athletics Championships silver medal in the event a month later, finishing behind Ethiopian-born Bahraini Tejitu Daba. She was selected for the 2011 World Championships in Athletics and reached the 5000 m final, coming 13th overall. At the Chiba International Ekiden in November she ran a stage record on the final leg to help Japan to second place behind Kenya.
The Inter-Prefectural Women's Ekiden in January 2012 saw Niiya win the final 10K stage to lift the Chiba team into third place overall. She was the best-performing Asian-born runner at the 2012 Asian Cross Country Championships, where she finished fourth in the women's race. She gained the Olympic A standard for the 10,000 m with a world-leading and personal best run of 31:28.26 minutes to win at the Hyogo Relays. She represented Japan in both the 5000 m and 10,000 m at the 2012 London Olympics. She set a best of 30:59.19 minutes for ninth place at the 10,000 metres final and ran a best of 15:10.20 minutes in the 5000 metres heats. She won the 5000 m at both the Japanese National Games and the Japanese Championships that year.
She won the Fukuoka cross country title for a third year running in February 2013.
Niiya competed in the 10,000m at the World Athletics Championships in Moscow on 11 August 2013. Taking the lead early on, she led for the majority of the race but was outsprinted in the last 600m eventually finishing fifth in a personal best time of 30:56.70.
On January 31, 2014, at a press conference, Niiya officially announced her retirement from running professionally, citing her foot injury as the cause. In November of 2012, she was diagnosed with plantar fasciitis in her right foot and had decided then that the 2013 World Championships would be her last professional race. When asked to reflect back on her past career as a runner, she said, "Once I'm a granny I might think, 'Man that was hard,' but right now I have nothing but good memories" and that her favorite memory was winning the National High School Ekiden Championships while attending Kōjōkan High School. When asked about her future away from the sport, she said, "It's a complete blank. I can't imagine what I'll be doing. I can't do anything useful for society, but I will completely cut off connection with the world of athletics." She cried with her mother and left these final words for future athletes: "Always do what you think is the right thing no matter what anybody tells you." She will be missed by her adoring fans. 

</doc>
<doc id="31027106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027106" title="Wächtler">
Wächtler

Wächtler is a surname of Germanic origin, sometimes romanized as Waechtler.
Notable persons with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="31027107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027107" title="Myra Taylor">
Myra Taylor

Myra Taylor may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31027118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027118" title="Chapel of Love (London Boys song)">
Chapel of Love (London Boys song)

"Chapel of Love" is Europop duo London Boys' first single of 1990 from the album "Sweet Soul Music". The single was written and produced by Ralf René Maué, and peaked at #75 in the UK. The single wasn't available on 7" vinyl in the UK but on 12" and CD instead. 7" versions were released in Germany.
Most likely to sound more commercial, the single version features the backing lyrics "crying" whereas the album version replaces "crying" with "forever and a day".
Critical reception.
Smash Hits wrote a positive review stating ""Back! Yes! The rubber men in the ill-advised vests return to form with a mental Euro-stunner of "London Nights" hilarity; prepostous classical bit at the beginning, thumping chorus about crying in the chapel (enough to make Duke Elvis Priestly do cartwheels in his grave), bells bonging, cymbals freaking out completely, deep-throated huskings in the background a-plenty - not one with-it house beat happening flare in sight. Quite right, too. Their resolute unfashionableness is their genius for they are, after all, the new Abba. All hail the Kings of Chronic!""

</doc>
<doc id="31027129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027129" title="2010–11 British and Irish Cup">
2010–11 British and Irish Cup

The 2010–11 British and Irish Cup was the 2nd season of the annual rugby union competition for second tier, semi-professional clubs from Britain and Ireland. First round matches began on Friday 15 October 2010 and the final was held on Saturday 7 May 2011.
Defending champions Cornish Pirates were unable to make it out of the pool stages. Bristol lifted the cup, narrowly defeating Bedford Blues 17-14 in the first all-English final.
Teams.
The allocation of teams was as follows:
Competition format.
The teams were divided into four pools of six, playing over five weekends during the Autumn International and Six Nations windows. The four pool winners and runners-up contested a knock-out stage, with quarter-finals on 5 or 6 March, semi-finals on 23 March and the final on 7 May.
Knock-out stages.
Qualifiers.
The four pool winners and the four runners up proceeded to the knock out stages. The best four qualifiers (pool winners) had home advantage in the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="31027136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027136" title="Millionnaya Street">
Millionnaya Street

Millionnaya Street () is a street in the Central District of St. Petersburg. It runs parallel to the Palace Quay from the Swan Canal to the Palace Square. Significant buildings include the New Hermitage Museum, the Chief Pharmacy, the Marble Palace, and the New Michael Palace. 
History.
In the first half of the 18th century, the area of the current Millionnaya Street was the "German Settlement", the area in St. Petersburg where foreigners lived. Close to the Field of Mars and the current marketplace area was a Greek suburb. Several streets that ran near or on the route of the current Millionnaya Street existed under various names at various times: German Street, Great German Street, Greek Street, Great Street, Holy Trinity Street, Nobility Street, and Meadow Street, the last referring to the high meadow which later became the Field of Mars.
The last and most well-established name was Millionnaya Street, the name generally being ascribed to the wealth of the built-up streets in the area and the proximity of the royal residence, the Winter Palace. 
In Soviet times the street was named Khalturina Street, in honor of the Narodnik revolutionary Stepan Khalturin, who detonated a bomb in the Winter Palace in 1880 that caused 67 casualties (but failed to kill the Czar). 

</doc>
<doc id="31027139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027139" title="Čížkov">
Čížkov

Čížkov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31027146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027146" title="Oskar Stein Bjørlykke">
Oskar Stein Bjørlykke

Oskar Stein Bjørlykke (born 1939) is a Norwegian poet, novelist and children's writer.
He made his literary debut in 1966 with the poetry collection "Deg høyrer dagen til". Among his novels are "Reise til september" from 1968 and "Dropar" from 2000. 
Among his children's books are "Kom til dammen!" from 2003, which was awarded the Critics Prize for the year's best children's or youth's literature.

</doc>
<doc id="31027151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027151" title="Corriere del Lunedì">
Corriere del Lunedì

Corriere del Lunedì ('Monday Courrier') was an Italian-language weekly newspaper published in Tripoli, Libya, founded in 1950. The newspaper was published by the Political Association for the Progress of Libya, a pro-independence front organization of the clandestine Communist Party. The newspaper was suppressed prior to Libyan independence in December 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="31027173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027173" title="Fritz Amling">
Fritz Amling

Fritz Amling (17 January 1916 – 6 March 1994) was a highly decorated Oberwachtmeister in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. During his career, Fritz Amling was credited with the destruction of 42+ tanks and armoured vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="31027194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027194" title="Robert Stoepel">
Robert Stoepel

Robert Auguste Stoepel (1821 – October 1, 1887) was a German-born American composer and conductor. His compositions include "Hiawatha", a symphony for orchestra and vocal soloists, as well as incidental music for plays, piano works, songs, and several operas. Born in Berlin, Stoepel worked in Paris and London, but spent a large portion of his career in New York City where he died at the age of 66. From 1857 until their divorce in 1869, he was married to the actress Matilda Heron. Their daughter Bijou Heron was also an actress.
Biography.
He was born Auguste Stöpel in Berlin, 1821. Because his father had a reputation as a court musician, he adopted his forename. His sister, Hélène Stöpel, was noted as a "charming and talented pianist." (She later married the composer William Vincent Wallace.) After he graduated from the Berlin Conservatory of music, he went to Paris where he graduated from the Conservatoire de Paris, where his teachers included Luigi Cherubini, Fromental Halévy, and Friedrich Kalkbrenner He apparently got his start at composing incidental music for dramas there, being one of three composers who contributed to a stage production of "Monte-Cristo", a play by Alexandre Dumas and Auguste Maquet which premiered on February 3, 1848 at the Théâtre Historique. According to his obituary in the "Musical Times", while in Paris he wrote two operas, "Indiana" and "Charlemagne". In an 1849 article in the "Musical World" it was noted that he was negotiating with John Medex Maddox to produce his opera, "La sentinelle perdu", for the Princess Theatre in London, and that he had already composed a ballet which was performed at the Paris Opera.
In 1850, impresario Max Maretzek brought him to New York City. His first association was with Wallack's Theatre, where he wrote and conducted incidental music for plays. In 1856 the New York Times reported: "The orchestra of this establishment Wallack's Theatre is deliciously neat and effective, and the compositions it plays are thoroughly artistic. Mr. Robert Stoepel, the conductor, is one of the best informed musicians in the country, and the evidence of taste and knowledge are never absent. He has succeeded in making the musical department an important feature of the entertainments, and if the orchestra always plays as well as it did on Saturday night we are not at all surprised thereat."
He wrote incidental music for all of the plays written by Dion Boucicault during his stay in New York from 1854 through 1860. He was the conductor of many New York productions of Offenbach operettas, including "La Grande-Duchesse de Gérolstein", "La Vie Parisienne", "Fleur de Thé", and "Geneviève de Brabant". 
His most ambitious compositional effort was "Hiawatha" based on Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem "The Song of Hiawatha". Subtitled "an Indian Symphony," this was a work symphonic in proportions with vocal soloists and a part for narrator. It was first performed by the Mendelsson Union with soloists Mrs. I.I. Harwood (who alternated between the two female roles of Nokomis and Minnehaha), Harrison Millard (Hiawatha), J. Q. Wetherbee (who sang the Great Spirit and the Arrow-Maker) with recitations by the composer's wife Matilda Heron, on February 21, 1859 at the Boston Theatre in Boston. It was performed in New York shortly thereafter. "Hiawatha" had its London premiere on February 11, 1861.
He stayed at Wallack's Theatre through the 1860s. He also worked for the Winter Garden Theatre (1850). After it burnt down in 1867, he worked for Daly's Fifth Avenue Theatre. There he composed and conducted incidental music for the stage productions "The Hurricane", "Divorce", "Frou-Frou", "Man and Wife", and "Fernande".
Sometime in the 1870s he moved to London where he was engaged by Henry Miller. He composed incidental music for all of Miller's first successes. When Miller came to New York, Stoepel found that Miller was still using his music, so he filed a suit against him and settled for $2,000.
During the 1880-81 season he was musical director of the Adelphi Theatre in London. While in London he wrote an opera called "Aldershot". 
Around 1884 he became deaf, and apparently moved back to New York. At the time of his death he was working on two more operas, "Unita" and "The Mahdi". The "Musical Times" obituary mentions that at once time he amassed a fortune of ₤20,000, but lost ₤12,000 during a real estate panic in New York.
Personal.
In 1857 he married the actress Matilda Heron. Stoepel and Heron were divorced in 1869. They had one child, Helen Wallace Stoepel, born in 1863, better known as Bijou Heron, who became an actress herself, and married Robert Stoepel's employer, Henry Miller.
At the end of his life, Robert Auguste Stoepel had been living at 40 West 24th Street. He died at his daughter's house, 70 West 37th Street, on October 1, 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="31027195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027195" title="Mesirah">
Mesirah

Mesirah (or mesira, ) is the action in which one Jew reports the conduct of another Jew to a non-Rabbinic authority in a manner and under the circumstances forbidden by Rabbinic Law. 
This may not necessarily apply to reporting legitimate crimes to responsible authority, but does apply to turning over a Jew to an abusive authority, or to a legitimate one who would punish the criminal in ways seen as excessive by Jewish community, though "excessive" punishment by non-Jews may be permissible if a precept of the Torah has been violated.
The term for an individual who commits "mesirah" is "moser" or "mossur". A person who repeatedly violates this law by informing on his fellow Jews is considered subject to "Din Moser" (law of the informer), which is analogous to "Din rodef" in that both prescribe death for the offender, and he may be killed without warning.
Modern times.
According to Michael Broyde, there are many different opinions among twentieth century Rabbis as to the extent and circumstances "mesirah" is still valid in modern times.
According to "The Times of Israel" and a Channel 4 investigation, the concept of mesirah was used by a Haredi leader to protect community members investigated for child molestation from police investigation.
The principle of mesirah has also been used to dissuade Jewish auditors from reporting other Jews to the IRS for tax fraud.

</doc>
<doc id="31027203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027203" title="Halima Bashir">
Halima Bashir

Halima Bashir is the author of "Tears of the Desert", a memoir about women's experiences with genocide and war in Darfur.
The memoir was co-authored with journalist Damien Lewis.
In 2010, Bashir was awarded the Anna Politkovskaya Award for speaking out about the Janjaweed militia's violent attacks on school girls in Darfur. However her courageous work to draw attention to this matter put her in danger.

</doc>
<doc id="31027205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027205" title="Club act!one">
Club act!one

Club act!one is a regular stand-up comedy event in Finland, held since 2003. The event mostly occurs once per week in the Studio Pasila venue of the Helsinki City Theatre in Pasila, Helsinki, but performances may also occur in other cities, and private performances for events such as company parties can also be ordered.

</doc>
<doc id="31027210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027210" title="Pulkkinen">
Pulkkinen

Pulkkinen is a Finnish surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31027226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027226" title="Gare de Bègles">
Gare de Bègles

Bègles is a railway station in the Bègles area of Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Bègles:

</doc>
<doc id="31027227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027227" title="Aki Uusikartano">
Aki Uusikartano

Aki Uusikartano is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Ässät of the SM-liiga.

</doc>
<doc id="31027230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027230" title="Syracuse Stars (minor league baseball)">
Syracuse Stars (minor league baseball)

The Syracuse Stars was the name of several Minor league baseball teams who played between 1877 and 1929. The Stars were based in Syracuse, New York, and played in the International League, affiliated with the League Alliance; the New York State League (1885, 1902-1917), Eastern Association (1891), Eastern League (1892, 1894-1901), International League (1886-1887), International Association (1888-1889), and New York-Pennsylvania League (1928-1929).

</doc>
<doc id="31027238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027238" title="Community gardening in the United States">
Community gardening in the United States

Community gardening in the United States encompasses a wide variety of approaches. Some influential community gardens, such as the Clinton Community Garden in the middle of Manhattan in New York City, and the Peralta garden in Berkeley, California, inspired by architect and community garden visionary Karl Linn, are gathering places for neighbors and showcases for art and ecological awareness, with food production cherished but seen as one part of a much larger vision. Other gardens resemble European "allotment" gardens, with plots where individuals and families can grow vegetables and flowers, including a number (for instance, in Minneapolis and Ann Arbor, Michigan) which began as "Victory Gardens" during World War II. Even such "food" gardens are very different, however — for instance, plot sizes range widely from as small as 1.5m × 1.5m (5 ft × 5 ft) in some inner city gardens and art gardens, such as the Dovetail Garden in Charlotte, North Carolina, to relatively large plots of 15m × 15m (50 ft × 50 ft) such as those at Hilton Head, South Carolina.
Some community gardens, in contrast, are devoted entirely to creating ecological green space or habitat, still others to growing flowers, and others to education or providing access to gardening to those who otherwise could not have a garden, such as the elderly, recent immigrants or the homeless — for example, the Community Garden for the Homeless, also in Charlotte, not far away from the very different Dovetail Garden. Some gardens are worked as community farms with no individual plots at all, shading into becoming urban farms.
Overview.
A community garden is any piece of land gardened by a group of people. The majority of gardens in community gardening programs are collections of individual garden plots, frequently between 3m × 3m (10'×10') and 6m × 6m (20'×20'). This holds true whether they are sponsored by public agencies, city departments, large non-profits, or (most commonly) a coalition of different entities and groups.
Whether the garden is run as a co-op by the gardeners themselves (common in New York, Boston and other East Coast cities) or managed by a public or non-profit agency, plot holders typically are asked to pay a modest fee each year and to abide by a set of rules. Many gardens encourage activities such as work days, fundraisers, and social gatherings. Community garden organizers typically say that "growing community" is as important as growing vegetables; or, as the American Community Gardening Association (ACGA) puts it: "In community gardening, 'community' comes first." In New Orleans, community gardens have been an effective approach to cleaning up and maintaining abandoned, vacant lots.
Equally important, according to ACGA, is encouraging political involvement. As storied New York community gardener Adam Honigman puts it: "Community gardening is 50% gardening and 100% local political organizing." Community gardens are more than a meeting ground — they are also a training ground for political empowerment. In a sense, as Karl Linn pointed out, they are the 21st Century version of the New England village green, common space that brings people together and inspires shared action.
ACGA, a non-profit coalition founded in 1979, is the primary advocacy group for community gardening in the US and Canada. After many years of being hosted by the community garden support program Philadelphia Green in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, ACGA is now based at the Franklin Park Conservatory in Columbus, Ohio.
Community gardening exists across northern North America, and is particularly strong in the Northeast, where literally thousands of community gardens grow in New York City, Philadelphia and Boston. It is also strong along the West Coast, especially in British Columbia, and in Midwestern centers such as Chicago and Minneapolis.
The European history of community gardening in the US dates back to the early 18th century, when Moravians created a community garden as part of the community of Bethabara, near modern Winston-Salem, North Carolina - a garden still active and open for visitors today. First Nations peoples also gardened with a community approach ("Buffalo Bird Woman's Garden" paints a picture of gardens among the Hidatsa), likely for generations before the arrival of waves of immigrants.
Academic study of American community gardening by T.J. Bassett and more recently Laura Lawson ("City Bountiful") suggests that the community gardening "movement" is best described as a series of distinct phases each with contrasting ideologies and purposes, even though all resulted in people creating gardens on public or abandoned land. The latest phase began with the alternative politics and culture and dawning ecological activism of the late 1960s.
From the mid-1970s through the early 1990s, community gardening in a select number of major American cities enjoyed Federal financial support, though many programs struggled to find funding. The loss of the Federal program increased the challenge of finding funding to support programs. Funding remains a key challenge, along with secure land tenure for garden sites, finding insurance, and helping gardeners develop ways to work together smoothly.
Community gardening in the United States overlaps to some extent with the related but distinct movement to encourage local food production, local farmers' markets and community supported agriculture farms (CSAs). Leases and rules prevent some, though not all, community gardeners from selling their produce commercially, although their gardens may donate fresh fruits and vegetables to local food pantries, cooperatives, and homeless members of their community.
However, community gardens offer ideal sites for local farmers markets, and gardeners often seek farmers to provide space-intensive crops such as corn or potatoes. They also can hire farmers to provide services such as plowing and providing mulch and manure. In turn, small farmers can reach a wider audience and consumer base by drawing on community gardeners and their contacts. Although the two approaches are distinct, both can be effective ways to produce local food in urban areas, safeguard green space, and contribute to food security. Community gardens also increase environmental aesthetics, promote neighborhood attachement and social involvement.
In an interesting variant on the practice of reclaiming bombed-out areas for community gardens (also practiced during WWII in the ghettos of Eastern Europe), in American inner-cities, community groups have reclaimed abandoned or vacant lots for garden plots. In these cases, groups have subsequently leased from a municipality that claims the property or claimed squatter's rights or a right to subsistence not currently recognized by the legal system. Two notable cases include the gardens of Manhattan's lower Eastside and the South Central Farm of Los Angeles, California. A lasting legacy of the New York gardens is 'guerrilla gardening', perfected by NYC's legendary "Green Guerrillas", founded by Liz Christy. In contrast, The South Central Farm was recently bulldozed in Los Angeles.
ACGA provides resources to assist anyone wishing to start a community garden or find a garden near their home, as well as training classes in community gardening organizing and management. They also offer a website, a newsletter, an email listserve and a magazine. ACGA's most recent survey suggests that the total number of community gardens around the US alone is over 5000.
Community gardens often face pressure due to economic development, rising land values, and decreased city government budgets. In some cases they have responded to the changes by forming nonprofit organizations to provide assistance and by building gardens on city park spaces and school yards.
Impact on health.
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recommends eating more dark green vegetables, orange vegetables, legumes, and fruits; eating less refined grains, fat, and calories; and obtaining 60 minutes of physical activity on most days. Recent public health evaluations show community gardens as a promising approach to promote healthy behaviors. This is particularly important in establishing healthy behaviors among children given the rise of childhood obesity. One recent pilot study in Los Angeles showed a gardening and nutrition intervention improved dietary intake in children and reduced body mass index.
By state.
California.
In San Francisco, community gardens are available through various public and private entities. Most community gardens in San Francisco are available through its Recreation and Park Department, which manages over 35 community gardens on City property. These are allotment gardens whereby individuals or groups volunteer to be assigned garden plots. Garden members within their respective gardens democratically organize themselves to set bylaws that are consistent with City policy. These gardeners often self-impose garden dues as a membership requirement to cover common expenses. To standardize the development and management of its community gardens, the Recreation and Park Commission adopted its Community Garden Policy in 2006.
Though not plot-based, the City's Department of Public Works supports communal-style gardening on City property whereby community groups participate in the development and maintenance of public gardens. No one person is responsible for any portion of the site. One group, a community-based and resident-led volunteer group in an underserved neighborhood called Bayview Hunters Point, has created an enclosed food-producing garden on City-owned land, as well as developed many residential urban farms around privately owned homes. This group, the Quesada Gardens Initiative, is one of many organizations in the San Francisco Bay Area working at the nexus of environmental justice, health and wellness and food security, and community-building.
All of the community gardens of San Francisco are listed on the San Francisco Garden Resource Organization web site with detailed directions and garden pictures of some of the gardens.
Colorado.
There are over 100 community gardens in the Denver metro area. Gardens are located on vacant land (42%), school grounds (26%), housing facilities (15%), and other location (17%) such as churches and senior centers. Based on land tenure, community gardens in Denver are found on public land (52%), private land (24%), or owned by non-profits (16%) and Denver Urban Gardens (8%).
Denver Urban Gardens (DUG), a non-profit organization that assists community members with the design, planning, and construction of neighborhood community gardens. The majority of DUG's community gardens are located in low-to-moderate income areas, and more than 20 are located at Denver public schools. DUG also partners with government and other non-profit agencies to offer gardening and nutrition education.
Professor Jill Litt and colleagues at University of Colorado School of Public Health evaluated the effects on community gardening in the Denver metro area on social environment, community building, and fruit and vegetable intake. Community gardeners were more likely than home gardeners and non-gardeners to meet the national recommendations of fruit and vegetable intake. Social involvement and neighborhood aesthetics were both positively correlated with fruit and vegetable consumption. Semistructured interviews carried out by Teig and colleagues among community gardeners in Denver also revealed that gardeners felt a high level of trust between members of the garden and a strong sense of community. Furthermore, gardeners were involved in community voluntary efforts and donated surplus produce to populations without access to fresh produce.
Kentucky.
Commonwealth Gardens is a 501(c)3 organization dedicated to the formation of community gardens and school gardens in the Frankfort and Franklin County area. Commonwealth Gardens also encourages the consumption of locally grown food not only because it tastes better and takes less energy to produce, but also because it is important to support our local farmers and merchants.
Commonwealth Gardens has the support of the Frankfort Department for Parks, Recreation, and Historic Sites, Kentucky Employees Credit Union, Franklin County Cooperative Extension, Pioneering Healthy Communities, The Kentucky Coffeetree Cafe, Earth Tools, Inside Out Design, and many other local businesses and organizations in the Frankfort area.
Massachusetts.
In the city of Boston, Massachusetts there are a variety of local and non-profit organizations which own, promote and manage approximately 180 community gardens throughout the city. These organizations include the Boston Natural Areas Network (BNAN), Boston Nature Center of the Massachusetts Audubon Society, Boston Parks and Recreation Department, Boston Urban Gardeners (BUG), MA Department of Conservation and Recreation, Dorchester Gardenlands Preserve, ReVision House, and the South End Lower Roxbury Open Space Land Trust. In 2002, the volunteer-run Boston Community Garden Council was formed as a means of facilitating communication and cooperation between these organizations along with individual gardeners in Boston.
Michigan.
Community gardens located in Detroit include the Earthworks Farm, the North Cass Community Garden, and the Woodbridge Community Garden.
New Jersey.
Community gardens in New Jersey include the South Orange Community Garden.
New York.
In New York City, community gardens include the Floyd Bennett Garden Association in Floyd Bennett Field, Brooklyn (www.FBGA.net); the Tremont Community Garden, Bronx; and the Petit Versailles garden on East Houston Street. The Esperanza Garden on East Seventh Street was razed in 2000. The Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space in the East Village offers guided walking tours of the neighborhood's community gardens, which number 39. Begun in 1978 and still flourishing today, the Clinton Community Garden on W. 48th St. in Manhattan, became the first community garden in NYC to be transferred to permanent parkland status. 
Utah.
In Salt Lake City, community gardens are available through the non-profit organization Wasatch Community Gardens. On May 16, 2009 Wasatch Community Gardens, in collaborated with The Redevelopment Agency of Salt Lake City (RAD), launched the first People's Portable Garden in Salt Lake City. The garden is designed to stimulate growth and revitalize different areas of the city. Salt Lake City put $48,000 into the People’s Portable Garden on 900 South. The People's Portable Garden is located at 900 S 200 W, Salt Lake City
Washington state.
The Seattle P-Patch program for community garden plots began in the early 70s during an economic downturn known locally as the "Boeing Bust" which had resulted in many people without work or money. Darlyn Rundberg Del Boca, a University of Washington student, saw an opportunity to promote children's gardening with a focus on growing for the local Neighbors in Need food bank program, and with the help of a Seattle Councilmember obtained permission to use part of the Picardo family's truck garden in northeast Seattle with the City of Seattle renting the land for the cost of its real estate taxes. The first garden consisted of a large central garden plot planted by children from the nearby elementary school and their parents; families who volunteered to help were offered smaller individual plots around the perimeter of the central plot. The City subsequently purchased the Picardo farm, and the program of renting individual garden plots arising from the first efforts was named 'P-Patch' in honor of the Picardo family's contribution. The P-Patch program continued to grow and currently consists of 1900 plots in 68 locations with a total of of land, with additions planned each year, and the tradition of growing for local food banks resulted in 12.3 tons of food donated in 2008.
In 2010 the city of Olympia adopted a plan to create up to six community gardens. Currently the city has two gardens: one at Sunrise park and the Yauger Community Garden Project. There are also many private community gardens such Wendell Berry in the Bigelow neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="31027240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027240" title="Branagan">
Branagan

Branagan is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31027276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027276" title="Vogelzang">
Vogelzang

Vogelzang is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31027281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027281" title="Nils H. Henningsmoen">
Nils H. Henningsmoen

Nils Hansteen Henningsmoen (25 October 1894 – 25 January 1983) was a Norwegian military officer.
He was born in Eidsberg as a son of forest owner Martin Henningsmoen (1860-1943) and Kirstine Braarud (1868-1949). He was married twice. In 1919 he had the son Gunnar Henningsmoen, a palaeontologist.
He became a student in 1913 and was done with his officer training in 1916. He reached the ranks of Captain in 1930, Lieutenant Colonel in 1936 and Colonel in 1948. He spent his military career in the artillery. He was a battalion leader from 1936 to 1940, and during the Second World War he eventually fled to Scotland and led a battery there fro 1944 to 1945. He led "AR 3" from 1948 to 1949, and Field Artillery Regiment 1 from 1949. From 1957 to 1958 he was the commander of Fredriksten Fortress. He was also a chief aide-de-camp for King Haakon VII of Norway from 1950 to 1953.
He was decorated as a Commander, First Class of the Order of the Sword and Knight of the Italian Order of the Crown. He died in January 1983 and was buried in Øymark.

</doc>
<doc id="31027286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027286" title="Hatta (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Hatta (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Hatta Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the Vidhan Sabha constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes since 2008, following delimitation of the legislative assembly constituencies.
Overview.
Hatta (constituency number 57) is one of the 4 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Damoh district. This constituency covers the entire Hatta and Patera tehsils, Hindoria nagar panchayat and part of Damoh tehsil of the district.
Hatta is part of Damoh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Pathariya, Jabera and Damoh in this district, Deori, Rehli and Banda in Sagar district and Malhara in Chhatarpur district.
See also.
shiv kumar kurmi vill.patoha mahesh patel patoha

</doc>
<doc id="31027308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027308" title="Arne Berggren">
Arne Berggren

Arne Berggren (born 1960) is a Norwegian novelist, children's writer, songwriter and rock musician. He made his literary debut in 1991. In 1992 he published "Stillemannen", which was awarded the Critics Prize for the year's best children's or youth's literature. Among his novels are "Instamatic" from 1994 and "Webers lov" from 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31027311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027311" title="Ptáček">
Ptáček

Ptáček is a Czech surname (meaning ""little bird""), it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31027321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027321" title="Emily Biggs">
Emily Biggs

Emily Louise Biggs (born 16 March 1990) is an English singer and member of girl group Parade. She entered the "The X Factor" in 2007 as a solo artist and got to boot camp. She was previously a member in the band Hope, which were formed on the X Factor. In 2009 the band's official website was taken down and they later disbanded.
Career.
Hope.
At the age of 17, Biggs auditioned for "The X Factor (UK)" as a solo artist but only got to boot camp. Later, Louis Walsh suggested that she and five other girls should re-audition as a six-piece band called Hope. After reaching the judges' homes stage, they were told that they had made the final twelve. Hope was eliminated on 1 December 2007 by public vote. Since leaving the show Hope performed at various events around the UK. As of 28 April 2009, the band's official website was taken down and Hope later disbanded. Before auditioning, Emily went to Torquay Girls Grammar School (TGGS) in Devon.
Parade.
In 2010, Emily became a member of the new girl group Parade, featuring Jessica Agombar, Sian Charlesworth, Bianca Claxton and Lauren Deegan. They released their debut single "Louder" on 13 March 2011, which consequently entered the UK Official Chart at number 10. Parade supported Shakira on the English dates for her 2010 "The Sun Comes Out World Tour". They also supported Alexandra Burke on her "All Night Long 2011 Tour" and Shayne Ward on his 2011 "Up Close and Personal Tour". Emily featured with Parade on Blackberry's Live and Lost Challenge. She toured with Parade supporting The Wanted on their UK arena tour "The Code". In February 2013, Parade announced their split after band member Bianca Claxton decided to quit the group.

</doc>
<doc id="31027324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027324" title="John Slappey">
John Slappey

John Henry Slappey (August 8, 1898 – June 10, 1957) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="31027332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027332" title="Freedom (London Boys song)">
Freedom (London Boys song)

"Freedom" is Europop duo London Boys' last charting single in the UK of 1990 from the album "Sweet Soul Music". The single was written and produced by Ralf René Maué. In the UK, the single fared at #54, better than the previous single "Chapel of Love" which peaked at #75. In the UK, only a CD-single version was made available.

</doc>
<doc id="31027339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027339" title="Franz Ammann">
Franz Ammann

Franz Ammann (3 November 1919 – 18 August 1943) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Franz Ammann was killed on 18 August 1943 in Boromlja, Russia. He was posthumously awarded the Knight's Cross on 23 August 1943 and promoted to Oberleutnant der Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="31027349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027349" title="Spanish expedition to Balanguingui">
Spanish expedition to Balanguingui

The Balanguingui Expedition of 1848 was an amphibious campaign organized by Governor General Narciso Clavería y Zaldúa to capture Balanguingui Island in the Sulu Archipelago from the Moro Pirates, who were using it as a base for their piratical activities. 
The expedition, composed of 19 warships of various sizes under José Ruiz de Apodaca, set sail from Manila, was joined by additional forces at Daitan and Zamboanga, and arrived at Balanguingui on 12 February. The island was defended by four strongholds. After a landing near one of these forts, a naval bombardment and an assault succeeded in capturing the building. The second and biggest fort, as well as a minor nearby fortification, were taken by the Spaniards three days later in a bloody assault. On 21 February the remaining fort was easily captured. The campaign ended shortly after. It was a major blow to the pirates, as the Spaniards succeeded in capturing four forts and several villages, which they burned, along with more than 150 proas that were used by the pirates. About 550 captives were also freed during the operation.
Background.
By the mid-nineteenth century, the south of Mindanao and the south of the Philippines in general, were a usual haven of Muslim pirates, who devastated the coasts of the archipelago in search of booty and prisoners that they later sold in the market of Jolo. The Spanish government proposed the elimination of the pirates. To accomplish this, several expeditions were carried out against the pirate havens starting in 1843. One of the major expeditions was led by Narciso Clavería y Zaldúa, the governor-general of the Spanish colony, in early 1848. He organized a fleet of 19 warships at Manila under Brigadier José Ruiz de Apodaca including 2 steamers, 2 schooners and 3 brigs, plus several smaller vessels, including gunboats and feluccas. Three regular infantry companies under Lieutenant Colonel Arrieta were embarked on these ships on 27 January. Two other companies, a beefeater battalion, a contingent of police, an artillery detachment, and some engineers and workers were later embarked. The flagship of the fleet was the steamer "Reina de Castilla". The fleet was joined by several transports at Daitan, and, on 17 February, set sail to the major pirate base of Balanguingui. The fleet was reinforced on the way by several Filipino local vessels called "vintas" and 150 auxiliaries of Zamboanga.
Balanguingui was a small island with an area of 6 square miles, covered with mangroves and jungle. The ground was so flat and swampy that when the tide rose, just a few sandbanks remained dry. Four forts stood over these sandbanks, surrounded by some houses built on stilts. A shallow channel divided the island in two portions, also spreading into several branches which penetrated inside the ground, making Balanguingui a swampy maze. The forts were known by the names of "Sipac", "Balanguingui", "Sungap" and "Bocutingol". The first two were the biggest, and were located at the tip of the largest estuary. Their walls were built with tree trunks ranging from 2 to 3 feet in diameter and from 18 to 20 in height, and were reinforced by fences and stone embankments.
Expedition.
Capture of Fort Balanguingui.
At dawn on February 16, taking advantage of the low tide, which had left the fort linked to the mainland, the regular infantry companies of Asia, la Reina, Segundo Ligero and Fernando VII, plus the 150 veteran Zamboangan auxiliaries, were landed. The first three were entrusted with the capture of the fort, while the second one and the auxiliaries, under Andrés Arriete, were a reserve force. Two steamers and two schooners, with support from several minor vessels, began to shell the fort. Once the bombardment had lowered the morale of the pirates, the assault was launched. 
It was found that grappling hooks were needed to climb the fort's walls, but despite this and stubborn resistance by the pirates, who defended themselves with rifles, grenades, spears and stones, the Spaniards managed to scale the walls and enter the fort. Some 25 pirates were killed inside, while another 30 or 40 dove into the water and were drowned or killed by the fire from the Spanish feluccas and armed boats. 14 artillery pieces were taken. The Spanish losses amounted to 5 regular soldier and two auxiliaries killed and about 50 wounded, including two colonels, José María Pañarada and Cayetano Figuera.
Capture of Fort Sipac.
The Spaniards then tried to advance inside the island through the channel, but there wasn't enough water for the Spanish boats. Clavería decided to assault the Fort called Sipac. He reconnoitered the fort and found that the naval forces could not approach to surround it, so he gave orders for 2 12 caliber mountain howitzers to be deployed on the isthmus. At dawn on the 19th the naval forces took their positions. They opened fire at 7:00 AM, at the same time as the land batteries. One hour later, the assault columns, which included a naval brigade and 50 grappling hooks, began the assault shouting ""Viva la Reina"". They were met with heavy rifle-fire from the pirates but succeeded in cutting down some wooden obstacles and entering the fort. The pirates, in their desperation, killed their families or rushed themselves against the Spanish bayonets. Many civilians were killed during the battle, and about 150 were captured by the Spaniards, who sent them to a field hospital.
Near the main fort, on the other side of a thick coconut grove, there was a minor fort that had inflicted some casualties during the previous engagement. Claverías entrusted its capture to Captain Gregorio Bárcenas and his carabineer company of the 2nd Light Regiment. Only one Moro was wounded in the assault, compared to no Spanish casualties. The Spaniards took 93 artillery pieces at the two forts, most of them bronze cannons. Thirteen others were found in nearby houses. The Spanish losses had been considerable: 16 killed, 124 wounded and 22 bruised. Captain José María Ataide, of the 1st Light Regiment, was killed, and Clavería's two adjutants were wounded along with other officers. 340 corpses of dead pirates were bunched together and burned to avoid disease.
End of the campaign.
There was a last fort in the hands of the pirates at the island. The Spaniards were informed by some fugitives that the pirates were improving the fort's defenses. They also showed Clavería and his men a point from which they could approach to the fort without being seen. On 21 February, Clavería detached a company of the 1st Light Regiment under Colonel Peñarada and some Zamboagan auxilliares from his naval forces to be landed at the signaled point with the aim of reconnoitering the area or, if possible, capturing the fort. Peñarada and his men, once disembarked, advanced through waist-deep water and managed to surprise the fort. 
The pirates, lacking military experience, were caught by surprise and fled, leaving the fort and 3 artillery pieces in Spanish hands; another one was captured in a nearby house. After this, two Spanish armed boats and some Zamboagan "vintas" entered the island through its channels and set fire to numerous "pancos" and other vessels used by the pirates, 150 in number. The infantry, meanwhile, cut between 7,000 and 8,000 coconuts, set fire to the seven villages on the island and dismantled and burned the forts. Although the minor vessels of the expedition were detached during the nights to prevent the escape of the remaining pirates, some of them managed to escape to Jolo or the nearby islands. On the other hand, most of those who had sought refuge in the mangroves died of hunger and thirst.
Aftermath.
On 25 February the Spanish troops were reembarked along with the wounded, the prisoners and the freed captives, and the fleet set sail to Zamboanga. After a short stop at the islands of Tonquil and Pilas to inform the natives there about the punishment inflicted to Balanguingui, the steamers arrived at Zamoanga on 28 February, followed a day later by the remaining ships. The success of the expedition was simultaneously celebrated at Zamboanga and at Manila, where news of the Spanish victory had been received. Clavería was awarded the Cross of San Fernando and was made Count of Manila and Viscount of Clavería by the Queen Isabella II of Spain.
Besides the capture of the pirate vessels and artillery, about 250 captives were freed. The Spanish casualties of the expedition numbered between 229 and 237 men, of which 22 were killed, but the success greatly contributed to reduce the activities of the Moro pirates against the Spanish possessions in the area. Since the pirates had also affected Dutch possessions in the area, the General-Governor of those possessions congratulated Clavería on 25 July 1849. Thanks to the Spanish victory trade was temporarily reactivated and the pirates of the Sulu Archipielago, having been informed of Clavería ""ravaging the island of Balanguingui and putting its defenders to sword"", were terrified It was rumored, at the beginning of 1849, that the island had been reoccupied by the pirates, but after an expedition was sent to the area, no significant force was found.

</doc>
<doc id="31027357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027357" title="Metaverse Mod Squad">
Metaverse Mod Squad

Metaverse Mod Squad is a global social media management services based in the United States. The company currently has over 3,000 moderators on staff. Metaverse offers digital engagement services and teams across online, e-commerce, in-game and social media channels.
History.
The company was founded by attorney Amy Pritchard in 2007, to provide brands with a way to give their online communities a high-touch experience. Looking at the step change that today's brands could make in managing their online communities as akin to the London "Mods" youth culture, with COO Mike Pinkerton they created a service based around remote community managers and moderators (Mods), to staff virtual sites. The firm originally specialised in providing avatar staffing, but soon expanded to supplying forum moderation and latterly customer service across a wide range of brands. By 2010, the company had 500 experienced Mods working on more than 100 clients sites.
Present.
Presently the company has over 3,000 Mods, a 24/7 operations center in Sacramento, California established in 2010, and an office in Brooklyn, New York City. Clients include Warner Bros. (including Gossip Girl and Harry Potter), Harper Collins, the Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon, the National Football League, Reel FX Entertainment (parent firm of Webosaurs), Electronic Arts, enVie Interactive, and the United States Department of State.
Operations.
The company operates by providing services via over 3,000 "Mods" or moderators, via a series of outsource-provision contracts. Operating under a predefined customer service brief, vetted and trained Mods manage a variety of online community activities, specializing in digital engagement from forum chat through to customer service, maintenance tickets and quality assurance. Mods help to maintain and shape clients unique online communities by assisting with community events, assisting users with problems both technical and social, orienting new arrivals, and channelling community concerns and feedback to corporate clients.
Mods take both an active position in forums by acting as the corporate client to provide services, as well as passively looking through the end user experience to monitor social media and quality assurance testing. In active mode Mods: moderate content; chat with customers; manage communities; protect child safety (approved by Safe Kids USA); monitor game experience; customer support; check for bugs; and buzz in social media. Using a variety of Customer Relations Management systems, Mods work from anywhere in the world with secure internet access, to enable services to be provided in local natural language during peak traffic and activity hours.

</doc>
<doc id="31027364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027364" title="Kohout">
Kohout

Kohout is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31027370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027370" title="Kohaut">
Kohaut

Kohaut is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31027377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027377" title="Beji Caid el Sebsi">
Beji Caid el Sebsi

Beji Caid el Sebsi (, ""; born 29 November 1926) is a Tunisian lawyer and politician. From 27 February 2011 to 24 December 2011, he was the Prime Minister of Tunisia. He previously served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1981 to 1986.
Personal life.
Born in Sidi Bou Said to a family from the beylical agricultural makhzen, he is a great-grandson of Ismail Caid Essebsi, a mamluk of Tunisian corsairs in Sardinia at the beginning of the 19th century, raised with the beylical family and later an important member of the beylical administration.
He has two sons and two daughters.
Political career.
He studied law in Paris and became a lawyer in 1952 at the Tunis bar, where he began his career with the defence of Neo Destour activists. After Tunisia's independence in 1956, he joined Prime Minister Habib Bourguiba as an adviser. From 1957 to 1971, he performed various functions such as director of the regional administration, general director of the "Sûreté nationale", Interior Minister from 5 July 1965 to 8 September 1969, Minister-Delegate to the Prime Minister, Defence Minister from 7 November 1969 to 12 June 1970, and then Ambassador in Paris. From October 1971 to January 1972, he advocated greater democracy in Tunisia and resigned his function, then returned to Tunis. In April 1981, he came back to the government under Mohamed Mzali as Minister of Foreign Affairs, serving until September 1986.
In 1987, he was appointed as Ambassador to Germany. From 1990 to 1991 he was the President of the Chamber of Deputies. His last parliamentary mandate ended in 1994.
Events since 2011.
On 27 February 2011, he became Prime Minister after Mohamed Ghannouchi resigned amid pressure from the Tunisian Revolution. He left office on 24 December 2011 when Interim President Moncef Marzouki, elected by the Constituent Assembly, appointed Hamadi Jebali of the Islamist Ennahda Movement, which had won elections held in October.

</doc>
<doc id="31027378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027378" title="HMS Protector (A173)">
HMS Protector (A173)

HMS "Protector" is a Royal Navy ice patrol ship built in Norway in 2001. As MV "Polarbjørn" (Norwegian: "polar bear") she operated under charter as a polar research icebreaker and a subsea support vessel. In 2011, she was chartered as a temporary replacement for the ice patrol ship, and was purchased outright by the British Ministry of Defence in September 2013.
Service history (Norway).
An earlier icebreaker "Polarbjørn" was bought by Greenpeace in 1995 and renamed .
"Polarbjørn" was designed and built for long Antarctic expeditions and for supporting subsea work.
"Polarbjørn" was equipped to DP2 class and had accommodation for 100. Large cargo holds and open deck areas provide storage capacity for ROVs and related equipment. A 50-ton knuckle-boom crane and the 25-ton stern A-frame allow equipment to be deployed over the side and over the stern.
"Polarbjørn" worked in the "spot" market, on short-term charter. During 2009, the vessel was chartered for electromagnetic survey work in the North Sea, Norwegian Sea and Barents Sea. She was exposed to a downturn in business during 2010, with only a 33% utilisation.
Prior to the Royal Navy charter, she underwent a ten day refit in Odense, Denmark. The helipad, originally above her bridge, was repositioned over the stern and a multi-beam echo sounder for survey work was installed. Her engines and gearboxes were overhauled and she was modified to allow the carriage of the ancillary vessels and vehicles (survey boats, all-terrain vehicles) used in support of the British Antarctic Survey.
Service history (Royal Navy).
From April 2011, she was chartered to the Royal Navy for three years as a temporary replacement for the ice patrol ship, , and was renamed HMS "Protector". In September 2013, she was purchased outright by the British Ministry of Defence.
She was commissioned into the Navy on 23 June 2011 as HMS "Protector". She underwent a brief refit to ready her for her role within the Royal Navy. During September 2011, "Protector" embarked on operational sea training in preparation for her first deployment in November.
In February 2012, after receiving a distress call from a Brazilian Antarctic research station on King George Island in the South Shetland Islands, "Protector" sailed to provide assistance after a large fire had broken out at the facility. 23 of her sailors were put ashore with fire-fighting equipment to tackle the large blaze. Two of the researchers died in the incident.
During March and April 2012, the ship operated in the vicinity of Rothera. During a major visit, she delivered around 170 cubic metres of aviation fuel. At 67° 34’S, this is the most southerly visit of her career to date, nearly 800 miles from Cape Horn, the southernmost tip of the South America. The crew competed in a ‘winter Olympics’ with scientists from the British Antarctic Survey. It is expected that she will visit Rothera regularly as part of her duties in this region.
Embarked equipment.
"Protector" operates several small boats, including; The Survey Motor Boat "James Caird IV", the Rigid Work Boat "Terra Nova" and two Pacific 22 RIBs "Nimrod" and "Aurora". She also embarks three BV206 all-terrain vehicles and a number of quad-bikes and trailers for activities on Antarctica, such as moving stores and equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="31027387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027387" title="1948–49 Iraqi Premier League">
1948–49 Iraqi Premier League

The 1948-49 season was the 1st edition of the Iraqi League. The season saw Sharakat Nafat Al-Basra crowned as champions.
Clubs 1948-49.
Group A
Group B
Finalists.
Kuliya Al-Askariya won Group A and Sharakat Nafat Al-Basra won Group B, which meant both teams qualified to play in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31027389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027389" title="Harry Thompson (baseball)">
Harry Thompson (baseball)

Harold "Harry" Thompson (September 9, 1889 – February 14, 1951) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Washington Senators and the Philadelphia Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="31027418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027418" title="Matthew Turner (shipbuilder)">
Matthew Turner (shipbuilder)

Matthew Turner (1825-1909) was an American sea captain, shipbuilder and designer. He constructed 228 vessels, of which 154 were built in the Matthew Turner shipyard in Benicia. He built more sailing vessels than any other single shipbuilder in America, and can be considered "the 'grandaddy' of big time wooden shipbuilding on the Pacific Coast."
Early life.
Matthew Turner was born in Geneva, Ohio on June 17, 1825, the fourth child of George Turner and Emily Atkins. George Turner owned a sawmill on the shores of Lake Erie and later launched his first ship, the sloop "Geneva", in 1839, to ship lumber and building stone. Matthew, after watching the construction of the "Geneva" and a later vessel the "Philena Mills", designed his first ship, the schooner "G.R. Roberts". His father was sufficiently impressed with the design to build the boat, which was launched in 1848. Matthew took on the command of the boat and later that year married Amanda Jackson. Amanda died in childbirth with their first child. On a trip down the Mississippi river in late 1849 he heard about gold mining in California and set off for the West Coast in 1850. He spent 3½ years mining gold in Calaveras County and was quite successful.
Career as ship captain.
Turner later travelled to New York where he bought the schooner "Toronto", sailing her back to California. There he went into business with Captain Richard Thomas Rundle and started shipping timber to San Francisco from the Mendocino coast. They were soon able to replace the "Toronto" with another larger schooner, the "Louis Perry", and a few years later they purchased the brig "Temandra". When Turner took this larger vessel to the Sea of Okhotsk he noticed the abundance of cod and so bought the "Porpoise" to capitalize on this, as cod were selling in San Francisco at a high price. Meanwhile Turner also set up a company to trade with Tahiti.
During his career as a ship's captain he twice received recognition of his heroism and the services that he rendered to foreign governments. He was given a gold-mounted spyglass by Queen Victoria in recognition of his part in saving the lives of British sailors. The Norwegian government presented him with a silver service for his rescue of a Norwegian vessel in danger of foundering at Honolulu.
Shipyard in Benicia.
He designed his first ocean-going ship, the brig "Nautilus", in 1868, which was built at Eureka, in an attempt to get a faster ship for the Tahiti run. The hull of "Nautilus" was exactly the reverse of what was customary in the area at that time, being "long and sharp forward, lean and full on the waterline aft." Despite the predictions of sceptics that the ship would dive and pitch into the water, resulting in a very wet ride, "Nautilus" proved a great success. Turner decided to move into shipbuilding, setting up a yard near Hunter's Point with his brother Horatio. In 1876 he married for a second time, to Captain Rundle's widow, Ashbeline. The success of his first shipyard led him to search for another location, to allow the business to expand. He went into business with his brother and John Eckley, forming the Matthew Turner Shipyard at Benicia in 1883. This yard constructed at least 154 wooden-hulled ships.
Turner was greatly admired by shipbuilder Henry Hall, of the Hall Brothers shipyard in Port Blakely. He described the "Turner Model" of sailing rig, using the Bermudan sail, a "fore and aft sail without gaff, being a large triangular sail." Eliminating the gaff made it much easier to bring the sail down during sudden Pacific squalls.
Prolific shipbuilder.
During his career as a shipbuilder, Turner designed and built 228 sea going vessels in a period of 37 years, from 1868 to 1905, more sailing vessels than any other American shipbuilder. According to Gibbs, "although many were small in size, this record was probably never equalled by any other individual shipbuilder in the American era of sail. He further, in all probability, built more vessels for foreign account than any other American since the Revolution." Turner had business interests in the South Sea Islands, and many of his ships were built for owners in that region. He also specialized in vessels for pelagic sealing. "Turner also built some of the fastest racing yachts in the world, proven out during the famous races sponsored by the San Francisco Yacht Club, of which Turner was a charter member."
Later life.
Turner was something of an invalid from 1904 onwards. Nonetheless, in 1906, at age 81, Turner, was still personally supervising work at his shipyard, and found himself suddenly swamped with work following the San Francisco Earthquake. He decided to retire. He died on February 10, 1909 at the age of 83 years after a short illness at his home in Oakland.
Legacy.
Gibbs reports that Turner's influence on the South Seas schooner was still evident as late as 1941, when a two-masted schooner, "Benicia", built in Tahiti by a shipwright who had worked in Turner's yard, arrived in San Francisco under the French flag.

</doc>
<doc id="31027423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027423" title="Enigma Variations (album)">
Enigma Variations (album)

The Enigma Variations is a compilation album of newer artists (in 1985) that were on Enigma Records or one of its subsidiaries. It was originally released as a double LP and cassette, but was then subsequently also released as a CD with a reduced number of tracks. The album was compiled by Steve Pross and William Hein. The Greek pressing of the album (on Virgin Records) was issued as a single LP.
A second volume was compiled and released in 1987.
Track listing.
US LP.
Disc 1, Side 1
Disc 1, Side 2
Disc 2, Side 1
Disc 2, Side 2
Greek LP.
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="31027430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027430" title="Vujčić">
Vujčić

Vujčić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вујчић) is a surname.
According to Jovan Cvijić and Jovan Erdeljanović, until the first appearance of the dictionary of Vuk Karadžić in 1867, the surname was referred to as Vuičić. At the turn of the (20th) century, some registered the name as Vujičić while others as Vujčić hence today's two separate last names. Karadžić used the letter j as a borrowing letter from the Latin alphabet. 
The first Vujčić is mentioned in the year 1518 around Serbia's capital Belgrade. The first mention of the Vujčić family as a tribe is in 1541 in the nahija of Zmijanje near Banja Luka where even today there are people with this surname. After this, there were migrations to Herzegovina, Montenegro then to Raška and Sjenica. After the Battle of Čegar in 1809, fearing revenge from the Ottoman Turks, the Vujčićs followed Karađorđe Petrović for the then-empty Šumadija. Karađorđe himself decided who of them would live in which area. 
Serbs have been documented in Croatia from as early as the year 1600 as frontiersmen ("graničari"). There the surname Vuičić was also documented. The first Vujčić family in Croatia hails from the village of Kusonje. The surname also has roots from the Morača canyon in Montenegro where the surname shares kinship ("svojta") with the surnames Đalović, Radović and Femić. Even today there are many people in Brčko with the last name Vujčić.
German-based Serbian language newspaper "Vesti" has reported that the first Vujčić appeared in 1790 in Čurug and in Gospođinci in 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="31027433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027433" title="Mathis Mathisen">
Mathis Mathisen

Mathis Mathisen (born 1937) is a Norwegian teacher, novelist, playwright and children's writer.
He made his literary debut in 1965 with the novel "De blanke knappene". His play "Ærefrykt for livet" was staged for Fjernsynsteatret in 1969. Among his children's books are "Malla" from 1978, "Paradisøya" from 1985, and "Elskede Johnny" from 1991. 
He was awarded the Critics Prize for the year's best children's or youth's literature in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31027441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027441" title="Sweet Soul Music (London Boys song)">
Sweet Soul Music (London Boys song)

"Sweet Soul Music" is a single by Europop duo London Boys which also featured Soul Kitchen. The single was written and produced by Ralf René Maué, and was the first since the duo's rise to fame not to be released in the UK.
The single had a promotional music video created to support the track. This became the last promo video for the duo although there was a video for 1995 single "Gospel Train to London" which was released under the name The New London Boys, despite being the same duo.

</doc>
<doc id="31027472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027472" title="Arne-Johan Henrichsen">
Arne-Johan Henrichsen

Arne-Johan Henrichsen (31 August 1918 – 8 March 2005) was a Norwegian philologist.
He was born in Kristiania as a son of teacher Gustav Wilhelm Henrichsen (1883–1947) and Birgit Heftye Blehr. He was married twice.
He finished his secondary education in 1935. He studied Romance languages at Sorbonne from 1945 to 1947, and graduated with the cand.philol. degree from the University of Oslo in 1951. He took the dr.philos. degree in 1956 with the thesis "Les phrases hypothétiques en ancien occitan-étude syntaxique". He had been a school teacher, but was in 1956 appointed as a professor in Romance philology at the University of Bergen. He was the dean of the Faculty of History and Philosophy from 1959 to 1961, and rector of the University of Bergen from 1972 to 1977.
He was deputy chairman of NAVF from 1966 to 1969, and was acting chairman for a year. Henrichsen was a member of Åsane municipal council from 1964 to 1965. He was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 1977. He died in March 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31027474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027474" title="15 of the Best">
15 of the Best

15 of the Best is a compilation album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Liberty Records on May 2, 1992. The album peaked at number 62 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31027478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027478" title="Kasprowicz">
Kasprowicz

Kasprowicz is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31027491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027491" title="Weaverland Old Order Mennonite Conference">
Weaverland Old Order Mennonite Conference

The Weaverland Old Order Mennonite Conference is a Christian denomination of Old Order Mennonites, which divided in 1927 over disagreements over the use of automobiles. Those opposed to car usage became the Groffdale Conference Mennonite Church (also named for Bishop Joseph Wenger). The remainder of the Weaverland Conference are known as the Horning Church or "Black-bumper Mennonites" for their past custom of purchasing cars but covering up the flashy chrome with black paint.
Ideologically this group shares many similar beliefs with Conservative Mennonites though differing in not having Sunday Schools or revival meetings. They identify more with the values of the Old Order groups but share common core values or distinctives.
Publishing.
The Weaverland Conference publishes a number of booklets and tracts under the name Weaverland Mennonite Publications.

</doc>
<doc id="31027494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027494" title="Derek Nolan">
Derek Nolan

Derek Nolan (born October 1982) is an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway West constituency at the 2011 general election.
Nolan attended Saint Michael's Boys' School, Mervue, and St. Mary's College, Galway. He won a seat on Galway City Council in June 2009, aged 26. He was a trainee solicitor when he contested the 2011 general election. He was nominated to succeed Labour Party president Michael D. Higgins in the election to Dáil Éireann, topping the poll in Galway West as a first time candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="31027512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027512" title="820th Radar Squadron">
820th Radar Squadron

The 820th Radar Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the Boston Air Defense Sector, stationed at Fort Heath, Massachusetts. It was inactivated on 1 December 1962.
The unit was a General Surveillance Radar Squadron providing for the air defense of the United States. It is unique in that it is the only unit originally activated as a Radar Squadron that was redesignated as an Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron An earlier 820th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron had been programmed for activation at Robins AFB, GA, but that action was cancelled.
Lineage.
Assignments
Stations

</doc>
<doc id="31027514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027514" title="List of golf courses in The Villages">
List of golf courses in The Villages

One of the key advertising campaigns of The Villages is that residents are able to play "free golf for life". The advertising is only partially true; the "free golf" is paid for by mandatory amenities fees assessed to all homeowners in The Villages. The "free golf" extends only to the executive golf courses and only to players walking the courses, wherein a greens fee is not assessed. Players riding golf carts on executive courses pay no greens fee but must pay a trail fee. Greens fees and trail fees are required on The Villages country club courses (though memberships are provided "free" – again, as part of the amenities fee – to residents).
Executive Courses.
All of The Villages' executive courses are 9-hole layouts. At buildout The Villages will operate 35 executive courses.
Country Club Courses.
All of The Villages' country club courses are 27-hole layouts except for Orange Blossom Gardens and Tierra Del Sol, which are 18-hole layouts. Except as noted all 9-hole layouts are par-36. At buildout The Villages will operate 12 country-club courses; the last two (courses #11 and #12, not yet named) will be 27-hole layouts and there are no plans to expand the two 18-hole courses.
Bonifay.
Opened in 2011 with its first two layouts (Destin and Fort Walton).
Cane Garden.
Opened in 2004, the course is centered around a 150-acre eagle preserve. All three of its 9-hole layouts are named for flowers (Allamanda, Hibiscus, and Jacaranda).
Glenview.
Opened in 2000, PGA professionals Tommy Aaron, Hubert Green, and John Mahaffey were consultants during design. The layouts are named Talleyho, Fox Run, and Stirrup Cup.
Hacienda Hills.
Opened in 1991, PGA professional Chi Chi Rodriguez christened the course, and later remarked that two of his favorite holes are on the course (hole #1 on the Lakes Course and hole #1 on the Oaks Course). The third layout is named the Palms Course.
Havana.
Opened in 2007, it is one of the newest of The Villages' country club courses. The layouts are named Kilimanjaro, Kenya, and Hemingway.
Mallory Hill.
Opened in 2005. The three layouts are named Amelia, Caroline, and Virginia.
Nancy Lopez Legacy.
Opened in 2002 and designed by the club's namesake (who along with husband Ray Knight are residents of The Villages), each of the three layouts are named for one of Lopez's and Knight's three daughters (Torri Pines, Ashley Meadows, and Erinn Glenn). Lopez and Arnold Palmer christened the Torri Pines course, after which Palmer participated in the ground breaking for his course, Palmer Legends (which would be the next country club course to open in The Villages).
Orange Blossom Gardens.
Opened in 1985 as a 9-hole course, it is the oldest course in The Villages and was later expanded to 18 holes. The two layouts are named Citrus Hill and Citrus Grove.
Palmer Legends.
Opened in 2004 and designed by the club's namesake. The three layouts are named Riley Grove, Laurel Valley, and Cherry Hill.
Tierra Del Sol.
Opened in 1997, it is the other 18-hole course at The Villages. The course hosted the Samsung World Championship of Women's Golf in 1998. It is the only course on which the 9-hole layouts are not separately named.

</doc>
<doc id="31027521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027521" title="Charmian Hussey">
Charmian Hussey

Charmian Hussey is an author of children's literature. Her book "The Valley of Secrets" is a best seller in many countries.
Biography.
According to her website, Hussey was born in London in 1939. She pursued a career as a model, then decided to obtain her college education. She studied archeology at the University of London, then at Oxford she completed a doctorate in Turkish pottery. She currently lives in the Cornish countryside with husband John.

</doc>
<doc id="31027524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027524" title="Joel M. Reed">
Joel M. Reed

Joel M. Reed is an American film director, producer and writer.
Reed is best known for directing the controversial "Blood Sucking Freaks". "Blood Sucking Freaks" was a notorious horror comedy that has since achieved cult status but upon its initial release was the subject of protests.
Reed is also known for the films "The G.I. Executioner", "Career Bed", "Blood Bath", and "Night of the Zombies".
Reed wrote and directed "Blood Bath" ("Terror, Night and the City") which was produced by the Trans-Orient Entertainment Corporation and had a budget of $100,000. In a 1974 interview with "The New York Times", he described the film as a "contemporary, episodic occult-horror adventure". Harve Presnell starred in the film as a producer of horror films who arranges in his studio a Black Mass.
In May 2012, Reed signed with Polus Books beginning with his short story Zombie Wall.

</doc>
<doc id="31027530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027530" title="Physics of the Solid State">
Physics of the Solid State

Physics of the Solid State is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles from researchers based at the Russian Academy of Sciences and other leading institutions in Russia. The journal is published by Pleiades Publishing and the online version is provided by the publisher Springer.
Scope.
Articles published in the journal cover research from all areas of solid state physics including solid state optics, solid state acoustics, electronic and vibrational spectra, phase transition, ferroelectricity, magnetism, and superconductivity.
Abstracting and indexing.
Physics of the Solid State is abstracted and indexed in the following databases:

</doc>
<doc id="31027536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027536" title="2011 Monterrey Open – Singles">
2011 Monterrey Open – Singles

Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova was the defending champion and defended her title by defeating Jelena Janković 2–6, 6–2, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31027541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027541" title="Pat Deering">
Pat Deering

Pat Deering (born 2 February 1967) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency at the 2011 general election. He was a member of Carlow County Council for the Tullow electoral area from 2009 from 2011.
Before he ran for election to Dáil Éireann he served for a number of years as Chairman of the Carlow GAA County Board.

</doc>
<doc id="31027546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027546" title="Joseph Wenger (bishop)">
Joseph Wenger (bishop)

Joseph Wenger (1868-1956) was an Old Order Mennonite preacher, who, in the 1927 schism of the Weaverland Old Order Mennonite Conference was ordained bishop by bishops in Indiana, Michigan, and Virginia, and made head of a new branch broken from the Weaverland Conference. The branch, which split from Weaverland over the issue of adopting the automobile, became formally known as the Groffdale Conference Mennonite Church, the congregation where Wenger preached, but is also informally known as the "Wenger Church".

</doc>
<doc id="31027551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027551" title="Nordeus">
Nordeus

Nordeus is a Serbian social network game developer based in Belgrade, with offices in Dublin, San Francisco and Skopje. The company develops mobile and browser-based games that work across multiple platforms.
History.
Nordeus was founded in March 2010 by ex-Microsoft employees. The company is self-funded and one of Europe's fastest-growing companies in the field of computer games. As of February 2014, Nordeus has more than 120 employees.
Games.
Top Eleven Football Manager.
The company's first title was Top Eleven Football Manager, an online football management game initially launched on Facebook and later released on mobile platforms. The game has seen a steady growth since being published in May 2010 and currently has over 12M Monthly Active Players and 5M Daily Active Players. Top Eleven Football Manager is available for Facebook, Odnoklassniki, Android, iPhone and iPad. Rather than being a multiplatform game, the title is actually cross-platform.
Sportster - Bet and Win.
Sportster - Bet and Win is a collaboration between Nordeus and Bwin.Party Digital Entertainment. The title an online sports betting game that's currently accepting applications for its closed beta.

</doc>
<doc id="31027560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027560" title="Fatimah Yousif al-Ali">
Fatimah Yousif al-Ali

Fatma Yousif al-Ali (born 1953) is a Kuwaiti journalist and short story writer. A graduate in Arabic Literature from Cairo University, in 1971 she became the first Kuwaiti woman to write a novel. She has also published four collections of short stories. She is a prominent member of the Kuwaiti Literary Association. Her work has been published in Banipal magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31027588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027588" title="Helga Gunerius Eriksen">
Helga Gunerius Eriksen

Helga Gunerius Eriksen (born 1950) is a Norwegian novelist and children's writer.
She made her literary debut in 1986 with the children's book "På stripejakt". Among her other children's books are "Båten i treet " from 1988, "Vi kjem frå havet" from 1998, and "Flugepapir" from 2003, which earned her the Brage Prize. Among her novels is "Rut" from 2002. 
She was awarded the Critics Prize for the year's best children's or youth's literature for "Finn Inga!" in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31027589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027589" title="Horning Church">
Horning Church

The Horning Church (or Black-bumper Mennonites) are an Old Order Mennonite denomination, known for their adoption of the automobile. This group remained from the fragmenting of the Weaverland Conference following the 1927 schism of the Wenger Church which rejected the car. The church is named for Bishop Moses Horning, who owned a car bought for him by a parishioner.
The group is also known as "Black-bumper Mennonites" for their early custom of painting over the chrome on their cars for modesty, though in the modern day this custom is only mandatory for ministers
Ideologically this group shares many similar beliefs with Conservative Mennonites though differing in not having Sunday Schools or revival meetings. They identify more with the values of the Old Order groups but share common core values or distinctives.

</doc>
<doc id="31027604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027604" title="Taleb Alrefai">
Taleb Alrefai

Taleb Alrefai (born 1958) is a Kuwaiti journalist and writer. An employee of Kuwait’s National Council for Culture, Arts, & Letters, and the monthly tabloid "Jaridat Al-Fonoon", a monthly arts tabloid, his novels include "Shade of the Sun" ("Dar Al-Sharqiyyat") (1998) and "Samar's Words" ("Dar al-Mada") (2006). His work has been published Banipal magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31027605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027605" title="Marqod">
Marqod

Marqod, also known as Baal-Marqod (Lord of the Dance), was a Phoenician god of healing and dancing. It is unknown if Marqod's association with dancing came as a result of the Phoenician belief that Marqod was the creator of dancing or because dancing was the proper way to worship the deity. This may be evidence that the Phoenicians were the first ancient Near Eastern culture to have a specific deity devoted to dance.

</doc>
<doc id="31027608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027608" title="K2 discography">
K2 discography

This page includes the discography of the Serbian duo K2.

</doc>
<doc id="31027610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027610" title="Csaba Preklet">
Csaba Preklet

Csaba Preklet (born 25 January 1991 in Kapuvár) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Egri FC.

</doc>
<doc id="31027617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027617" title="Margie Santimaria">
Margie Santimaria

Margie Santimaria (born 18 February 1989 in Vigevano), is an Italian professional triathlete, National U23 Champion of the year 2010 and number 4 in the National Elite Ranking 2010.
In Italy, Margie Santimaria represents "Atlectica Bellinzago" and "Gruppi Sportivi Polizia di Stato Fiamme d'Oro."
In 2010, Santimaria also took part in the prestigious French Club Championship Series "Lyonnaise des Eaux" representing "TriClub Nantais" like her country fellow Charlotte Bonin. Santimaria took part in only one of the five triathlons of this circuit and placed 22nd at Beauvais (13 June 2010), thus being the second best of her French club, which could not nominate any French triathlete.
In 2008 Margie Santimaria concluded the secondary school "ISIS A. Omodeo" in Mortara, close to her native town Vigevano.
ITU Competitions.
In the four years from 2007 to 2010 Santimaria took part in 7 ITU races. From 2010 on she has competed in the "Elite" category only.
The following list is based upon the official ITU rankings and the athlete's "Profile Page." Unless indicated otherwise, the following competitions are triathlons and belong to the "Elite" category.
DNS = "did not start" • DNF = "did not finish"

</doc>
<doc id="31027621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027621" title="2011 Monterrey Open – Doubles">
2011 Monterrey Open – Doubles

Iveta Benešová and Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová successfully defended their last year's title, defeating Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Vania King 6–7(8), 6–2, [10–6] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31027630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027630" title="Croatian Footballer of the Year">
Croatian Footballer of the Year

The Croatian Footballer of the Year () is the most prestigious annual association football award in Croatia. It is awarded by the newspaper "Večernji list" to the best Croatian football player in the preceding year regardless of the league they play in, based on a points system which measures their performances for club and country. The award is usually presented in a ceremony hosted by the Croatian Football Federation.
The award was established in 1972 and until 1990 the award was given to the best Yugoslav player in the preceding year. Since 1991 and the breakup of Yugoslavia the award is given to best Croatian players. Davor Šuker holds the record for most wins with six awards won between 1992 and 1998, followed by Dado Pršo with three consecutive wins from 2003 to 2005 and Luka Modrić with three wins in 2007, 2008 and 2011.
In 1995 a separate award named Hope of the Year ("Nada godine") was introduced, given to the best Croatian young player. As of 2014 only Ivica Olić and Luka Modrić have won both the Hope of the Year and Footballer of the Year awards.
List of winners.
Yugoslav Footballer of the Year (1972–90).
† denotes shared wins
1991–present.
Notes on club name changes:
Multiple winners.
Players in bold are still active. Wins marked with asterisk (*) denote wins in Yugoslav competition before 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31027634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027634" title="Ebrahim al-Khaldi">
Ebrahim al-Khaldi

Ebrahim al-Khaldi (born 1971) is a Kuwaiti journalist and writer. An employee of the daily Kuwaiti newspaper "Al-Watan", he has published two collections of poetry and a book of essays. His work has been published Banipal magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31027644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027644" title="Sassari railway station">
Sassari railway station

Sassari is the main railway station of the Italian city of Sassari, the second largest city of Sardinia. It is owned by the "Ferrovie dello Stato" (FS), the national rail company of Italy, and also by the "Ferrovie della Sardegna" (FdS).
History.
The station was inaugurated in 1884, when the FS line from Cagliari was completed. In 1888 it became the terminal of the Sassari-Alghero line, owned by FdS. During the Second World War, on 14 May 1943, it was damaged during a bombardment.
Structure and transport.
Located in the north-western side of the city and in front of the downtown, the large station building has 3 floors. In front of it, since 2006, is located a tram stop of the new metro-tramway line. Track gauge used in the station is mainly standard (1,435) and partly narrow (950 mm). Narrow gauge is used by the 3 lines owned by the FdS. 3 terminal tracks, used by FdS trains, are located in north of the building. After the 3 passerby tracks served by platforms, there are other 4 tracks used for freight traffic.
Sassari station, not electrified as others in Sardinia, is served by several regional trains to Porto Torres, Olbia, Oristano and Cagliari. The adjacent tram-train stop provides for urban services.

</doc>
<doc id="31027656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027656" title="James Dixon Boyd">
James Dixon Boyd

James Dixon Boyd (29 September 1907 – 7 February 1968) was an Irish-American Professor of Anatomy, Cambridge University from 1951 until his death and a Fellow of Clare College, Cambridge.
In 1933 he married Amélie Loewenthal; Sir Robert Boyd is their son.

</doc>
<doc id="31027664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027664" title="James R. McCartney">
James R. McCartney

James R. McCartney (April 7, 1920, Meyersdale Somerset, Pennsylvania, USA – February 22, 2011 Morgantown, West Virginia, USA) was the Secretary of State of West Virginia from 1975 until 1977. He graduated from West Virginia University and served on several state commissions including the West Virginia Ethics Commission. 

</doc>
<doc id="31027690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027690" title="Harry Andree">
Harry Andree

Harry Andree (2 October 1913 – 15 August 1944) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Harry Andree died on 15 August 1944 in a field hospital in Borzęcin, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="31027692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027692" title="Croonin'">
Croonin'

Croonin' is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records on November 2, 1993. The album peaked at number 1 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31027706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027706" title="Laila al-Othman">
Laila al-Othman

Laila al-Othman (born 1945) is a Kuwaiti writer. As of 2011 she is the author of seven short collections, published in Beirut and Kuwait. Her work has been published Banipal magazine.
She has published the following collections of short stories: Imra'a fi ina' (1977), ar-Rahil (1979), Fi al-layl ta'ti al-uyun (1980), al-Hubb lahu suwar (1982), Fathiya takhtar mawtaha (1987), Halat hubb majnuna (1989), al-Hawajiz sawda' (1994), and two novels: al-Mar'a wa al-qitta (1985) and Wasmiyya takhruj min al-bahr (1987).
The names of the short story collections in English are: "A Woman In A Pot", "The Leaving", "In The Night The Eyes Come", "Love Has Forms", "Fat'hiyya Chooses Her Death", "An Mad Case Of Love", and "The Black Barriers" respectively. As for the novels, they are: "The Woman And The Cat", and "Wassmiyya Comes Out From The Sea." Respectively.
References:
Barbara Michalak-Pikulska, "at-Turath wa al-mu'asira fi ibda' Layla al-Uthman", Bairut:al-Mada 1997
Barbara Michalak-Pikulska, "The Contemporary Kuwaiti Short Story in Peace Time and War 1929-1995", Krakow 1998

</doc>
<doc id="31027712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027712" title="Rah!">
Rah!

Rah! is a 1961 studio album by Mark Murphy, arranged by Ernie Wilkins.
This was Murphy's first Riverside Records album, and he is supported by such luminaries as Jimmy Cobb, Wynton Kelly, Bill Evans, Urbie Green, Ernie Royal and Clark Terry.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Eugene Chadbourne awarded the album four stars and said that "Rah!" "has worn well over the years...On tracks such as "Green Dolphin Street," he dives into the rhythm with the relaxed calm of an expert. And when the result can be the harebrained complexity of "Twisted" or the funky timing of "Doodlin'," the wisdom of letting the experts handle the hard work has never been more apparent"

</doc>
<doc id="31027722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027722" title="Fluminense (disambiguation)">
Fluminense (disambiguation)

Fluminense may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31027728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027728" title="Arnfinn Graue">
Arnfinn Graue

Arnfinn Graue (born 1 October 1926) was a Norwegian nuclear physicist.
He was born in Bergen. He was appointed as a docent at the University of Bergen from 1961, took the dr.philos. degree in 1966 and was promoted to professor in experimental nuclear physics in 1971. He served as dean of the Faculty of Natural Sciences from 1978 to 1980, vice rector from 1981 to 1983 and rector from 1984 to 1989. He was also a Norwegian delegate to CERN from 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31027740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027740" title="2011 in the European Union">
2011 in the European Union

Events from the year 2011 in the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="31027757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027757" title="Sons of Zadok">
Sons of Zadok

The Sons of Zadok ( "benei Zadok") are a family of Jewish priests, kohens, descended from Zadok, the first high priest to in Solomon's Temple.
The sons of Zadok are mentioned three times in the Hebrew Bible, as part of the Third Temple prophecies in the final chapters of the Book of Ezekiel, and are a theme in Jewish and Christian interpretation of these chapters.
Hebrew Bible.
The Aaronic priesthood in the Tanakh.
The Tanakh records how prior to the death of Aaron at Hor HaHar, he was accompanied by his brother Moses, as well as his (Aaron's) elder son Eleazar and younger son Ithamar. Upon entry to the cave where Aaron died, he witnessed as his brother Moses dressed his elder son Eleazer with the clothes of the high priesthood, as initiation to high priesthood. Jewish commentaries on the Bible express that this initiation ceremony served as the catalyst for the stipulation that all future candidates of high priesthood be patrilineal descendants of Eleazar the elder son of Aaron and not Ithamar - the younger son. Similarly, the Hebrew Bible relates how, at the time Phineas son of Eleazar appeased God's anger, he merited the divine blessing of God; . Torah commentators such as Yosef Karo and explain that the continuity of high priesthood is put forth to the descendants of Phineas from this noted verse.
The removal of the priesthood from the house of Ithamar to the house of Zadok.
Torah commentators record that Phineas sinned due to his not availing his servitude of Torah instruction to the masses at the time leading up to the Battle of Gibeah. In addition, he also failed to address the needs of relieving Jephthah of his vow. As consequence, the high priesthood was taken from him and given to the offspring of Ithamar, essentially Eli and his sons. Upon the sin of Eli's sons, Hophni and Phinehas, Elkanah prophesied the return of high priesthood to the sons of Elazar; . This prophecy of Elkanah ultimately happened in the era of King David when Zadok from the progeny of Eleazar was appointed as high priest. The Metzudoth and Obadiah ben Jacob Sforno comment that the service of Zadok and his sons was in line with the will of God even at times when the actions of the general nation was not. The Midrash Rabba relates how Zadok and offspring were righteous in their personal actions and service to the Temple to the point that were Aaron and his sons present at the era of Zadok and sons, Zadok and sons would supersede them in quality (Koheleth Rabbah Chap. 1). Rashi comments that since Zadok functioned first as high priest in Solomon's Temple, as opposed to the tabernacle, which was mobile, and also busied himself with establishing the twenty-four priestly divisions, he merited that the preferred lineage of Eleazar be called by his name, "the sons of Zadok (as opposed to being titled the sons of Eleazar), and the entire concept of the twenty-four divisions be attributed to him (Rashi to Ezekiel 43:19).
The sons of Zadok in the Book of Ezekiel.
The three Hebrew Bible mentions of the sons of Zadok in the Third Temple occur in the book of Ezekiel. These sources are presented in spite of Ezekiel himself, as a kohen (jewish priest), being from the descendants of Ithamar and not Eleazar, as are Zadok and sons.
Dead Sea scrolls.
Various documents of the texts found at Qumran mention the teachers of the community as "kohanim Sons of Zadok", leading some scholars to assume that the community at Qumran included kohanim (Jewish priests) who refused to participate in the Hellenization of the priesthood then taking place in Jerusalem.
The possible "Zadokite" origin of the Sadducees.
Abraham Geiger (1857), the founder of Reform Judaism, was of the opinion that the Sadducee ("Tzadoki" in Mishnaic pronunciation) sect of Judaism drew their name from Zadok the high priest in The First Temple, and that the leaders of the Sadducees were in fact the "Sons of Zadok.".
However Avot of Rabbi Natan (5:2) states that the Sadducees began at the same time as the Boethusians, and their founder was a later Zadok who, like Boethus, was a student of Antigonus of Sokho during the second century BCE, who preceded the "Zugot" era during the Second Temple period.
Sifri, the Tannaitic midrash on Deuteronomy, took a dim view of both the Sadducees and Boethusian groups not only due their perceived carefree approach to keeping to written Torah and Oral Torah law, but also due their attempts to persuade common-folk to join their ranks.
Maimonides viewed the Sadducees as Gonvei Da'at (stealers of the mind/knowledge) of the greater Jewish nation and of intentionally negating the Chazalic interpretation of Torah (Torah Shebal Peh). Likewise, in his Mishneh Torah treatise he defines the Sadducees as "Harming Israel and causing the nation to stray from following HaShem.
Considering the lack of Chazalic documentary indicating a connection between Zadok the first high priest and the later Zadok student of Antignos of Sokho, along with the thirteen or more generations between the two Zadoks, Rabbinical writings tend to put a damper on that association Additional aspects disproving that association include a Chazalic mention that the Sadducee and Boethusian groups favored using vessels of Gold and Silver whereas the common vessel usage of Kohanim - to negate transmission of uncleanliness - were typically of stone.
Rabbinical commentary.
Ezekiel records the general rebellion of the children of Israel against God (Meir Leibush ben Yehiel Michal to Ezekiel chap. 2). Rabbinic commentators understood this general rebellion as referring to that of Jeroboam and the Ten Tribes against the Kingdom of David and the priesthood of Zadok. A number of commentators point out that at the time of a popular rebellion the true adherents to the king stand firm in their commitment of support to the king, and once the rebellions subsides the king comes forth the reward his unwavering supporters. As recognition for not participating in idol worship and for actively and publicly sanctifying God's holy name, the sons of Zadok were granted numerous benefits in the Third Temple(Meir Leibush ben Yehiel Michal to Malachi 3:3). Asher ben Jehiel in his Torah commentary likens the public actions of the sons of Zadok to those of the Tribe of Levi at the time of the sin of the Golden Calf (Rosh to Deuteronomy 10:8). In describing the uniqueness of the sons of Zadok, Rabbinic commentators liken their ability to reject Idol worship to that of a person with Medical Immunity against a plague, thus allowing them to function normally while others succumb to its undesirable results.
This specific Kohanic family proved themselves as loyal to the service of Yahweh in terms of not submitting to the then popular theme of idol worship - as did the general population of Jerusalem as well as the "Kohanim" (plural form of Kohen). According to Meir Leibush ben Yehiel Michal on Ezekiel 4:5 the period of idol worship initiated from the rebellion of Jeroboam up until the destruction of the First Temple. According to Meir Leibush ben Yehiel Michal on Ezekiel 4:5 the period of idol worship initiated from the rebellion of Jeroboam up until the destruction of the First Temple.
The book of Ezekiel details that the family line of priests, sons of Zadok, will execute the primary services in the Third Temple, that is the services of the altar of the burnt-offering. According to Oral Torah, the choosing and appointing of the high priest depends on the appointee being a descendant of Zadok, in the "Midrash ha-Gadol" to Genesiu 6:4 et al. As well, the Jewish establishment of the Second Temple upon return from Babylonian captivity included this specific prerequisite of the high priest being of Zadokite descent, according to Rashi.
The Jewish liturgist Shmuel HaNagid wove the timely actions of the sons of Zadok into his composition;
Meir Leibush ben Yehiel Michal comments that unlike the sons of Zadok who did not submit to idol worship the other priests who served idols are not eligible to service the altar of burnt offering but only other services, such as song service. In regards to "terumah" and kodesh (sacrificial) consumption, those priests will be eligible in the future Third Temple.
As high priests.
Rabbinic commentators on the haftarah of the Sabbath Torah reading of Emor, the 8th Section of Leviticus, that discusses the sons of Zadok, Ahavath Yonathan, Jonathan Eybeschutz, Isaac Abrabanel, Meir Leibush ben Yehiel Michal, note that the status of the sons of Zadok after the coming of the Messiah will be that of "semi" high priests.
One similarity shared by the High Priest and the Sons of Zadok is the instance that the Law prohibiting the High Priest from defiling himself by contact with a dead family member lists the father before listing the mother. This same sequence is followed regarding the sons of Zadok as opposed the standard priest, where the mother is listed first, the former listed in Parshat Emor in Leviticus and the latter in the Haftarah to Parshat Emor.
Categorization of the sons of Zadok as quasi-High-Priests is not purported to discount the notion of one of the sons of Zadok being singled out for role as full high priest. Such, there is Rabbinic documentary that describe the future high priest from the sons of Zadok as having certain priorities, or at least being equal to the future Jewish Messiah King. (Torah study to Samuel 1 2:37)
Initial sacrifice offering.
From the detail listed in Ezekiel regarding the future inauguration by the sons of Zadok of the altar of burnt offering in the Third Temple, the type of animal listed is a bull (Ezekiel 43:19), the animal typically reserved as a sacrifice of the high priest.
Primary obligations.
The sons of Zadok are noted by Ezekiel as acting on the primary services in the Third Temple, mainly the handling and sacrificing of fat and blood of sacrifices and organizing the showbread .
Kabbalic analysis.
Jonathan Eybeschutz explains the prophetic choosing of the words "fat and blood" to describe the sons of Zadok's actions as symbolizing the union of spirituality and physicality, as opposed to using the word "mincha" (offering) which usually connotes a vegetable offering. Additionally, the choice of the words "they will come close to my table to serve me", noting that the table is placed to the North side of the Temple, symbolizes monetary control (as per common Kaballah teaching that north is synonymous with monetary issue) without concern of the sons of Zadok falling to temptation of Bribery and similar monetary injustices (Ahavath Yonathan to Haftarah Emor reading in Leviticus).
Garments of linen.
The sons of Zadok are instructed to don priestly clothing exclusively made of linen when performing Temple service, and to refrain entirely from using wool, commonly used in the standard priestly sash.
Commentators write that wearing clothing exclusively linen is considered haughty and showy, therefore the sons of Zadok are permitted to wear clothes of wool when going out to mingle with the nation. As an additional explanation to refraining from wool during service in the inner court is due to the nature of sheep to graze in any field they find -even one that the owner does not specifically give permission to (i.e. theft), whereas linen -as a crop- grows where the sustenance-source of the crop is taken by and with the will of the field owner.
Kabbalic rational.
Some Mekubalim (teachers of Kabbala) reason that the spiritual source of the Sons of Zadok is that of the "sitra" of Cain (In the Kabbalah Cain's soul belongs to the "Sitra Ahara", the demonic side), where Cain's spiritual source will be elevated to goodness in the messianic era, and therefore are instructed to don linen for the temple service -as it was the fruit of the linen crop that Cain chose to sacrifice to God.
Marriage prohibitions.
Ezekiel 44 prohibits "priests, Levites, sons of Zadok" from certain marriages;
The stipulation that a priest is forbidden from marrying a divorcee is already known from Leviticus 21:1-24:23. However, the inclusion of forbidding a widow, which was usually permitted to a priest if not the high priest, is a subject of Rabbinic debate. The Talmud Bavli reads that the earlier part of Ezekiel 44 relates to the sons of Zadok, whereas 44:22 relates to priests who are not of Zadokite descent, meaning that the Zadokites, like the high priest, were forbidden from marrying a widow (B.Kiddushin 78b). This explanation is echoed by the Malbim, Jonathan Eibshitz, and other commentators who see the future status of the sons of Zadok in a Third Temple as quasi-high priests.
Reasoning.
Jonathan Eybeschutz explains that the widow of a priest is instructed by Ezekiel to marry another priest so as not be demoted from eating terumah, but she is nonetheless forbidden from marrying the sons of Zadok. Along with his view, others explain that since the sons of Zadok are ordered by Ezekiel to be active in the Torah instruction of the Kohanim, the need to have a positive public image is crucial and marrying a widow may cause gossip and rumor that the Zadokite priest had transgressed forbidden relationships in Judaism Similarly, there is the concern that the widow of a non-priest was initially a divorcee, and over time this fact was forgotten, whereas the widow of a priest is likely not a divorcee since all priests are forbidden from marrying divorcees. Jonathan Eybeschutz also reasons is the marital life quality with a widow is not one of full tranquility. As well, the wording of Ezekiel directs the Zadokite priest to marry a virgin, as he is to maintain a disposition of peace. Meir Leibush ben Yehiel Michal favors the initial marriage of the sons of Zadok with the daughter of a priest.
Alternative interpretation.
Others understand the ending part of the verse to concern the Sons of Zadok as well (i.e. a Son of Zadok is permitted to marry the widow of another priest). The Chasam Sofer reasons that only the widow of the priest is permitted to the ons of Zadok since the purity (marital integrity) level of the former wife of a priest is of greater quality than that of the standard daughter of Israel. Along this style of reasoning, others explain that the turmoil of the Jewish diaspora is cause for loss of marital integrity amongst the greater Jewish population whereas the Kohanim are more apt at maintaining an above-average standard of integrity for their spouses -thus the widow of a priest is permitted to the sons of Zadok.
Torah instruction and sanctifying Shabbat.
The sons of Zadok are directed to devote themselves to a national theme of Torah instruction;
Judicial obligations.
The appointment of the sons of Zadok to teach the law appears to be redundant to the standard portrayal of the priest as instructor;
Other Hebrew Bible verses direct the priest to be judges at Torah law, to be involved with curing skin disease, the law of the anonymous murder victim (see Shoftim (parsha)), and Sotah justice. Although these items are expounded on by Chazal, there is not an absolute Chazalic directive that requires the Kohanim to busy themselves with monetary justice.
Chaim Yosef David Azulai, based on the writings of Samson ben Pesah Ostropoli, explains that the sons of Zadok are required to commit to judging monetary disputes, and are divinely blessed with an inherent ability to conquer the negative attribute of forgetfulness and to judge truthfully.
Guarding the Sabbath.
Commentators explain that the Zadokite priests are told to guard the Sabbath since they are permitted to do certain activities prohibited on Shabbat due to sacrificial activity that override Shabbat in the Temple, there is concern that they may come to do so outside the Temple (Meir Leibush ben Yehiel Michal on Ezekiel 44:24). An additional concern is due to their requirement to engage in judicial activity they may transgress Shabbat by writing down item that pertain to law and order. Likewise, there is the need to ascertain the sons of Zadok will not issue a death sentence on the Shabbat.
The Mekubalim, Kabbalah mystics, note that in the Messianic era the concept of nightfall and darkness will cease, thus no visual indication of the start of Shabbat will be present (as Shabbat typically begins at sunset), thus the sons of Zadok will be responsible for indicating to the nation of Israel the precise start time of sanctifying Shabbat. Zadok HaKohen of Lublin writes that the observance of Shabbat by the priests, who are otherwise sustained by the twenty-four kohanic gifts and do not participate in the national workforce, causes a surplus of "kedusha" to the entire nation of Israel and protects them from submitting to evil impulses.
Apportioned chambers.
Due to the sons of Zadok performing the altar of burnt offering services of the Third Temple, a specified chamber is apportioned to them as per the architectural detail laid out by Ezekiel. The verse describes one unique aspect of this chamber (compared to the other chambers) in the aspect that its entry-point faces North (as opposed to the other chambers opening towards South). Torah commantators describe that since the Zadokite priests are given the duties of the altar of burnt offering, therefore their chamber is situated at the South of the ramp leading up to the Mizbeach, with the entry and exit to their chamber facing North, thereby allowing them easy and direct access to this ramp (Meir Leibush ben Yehiel Michal on Ezekiel 40:41). The text in Ezekiel does not however, detail the size of this chamber nor describe if it is apportioned to multiple rooms in itself or if it is one large room.
Estates in Jerusalem.
As per the prophetic vision of Ezekiel regarding the divisions of the Land of Israel to the Twelve tribes of Israel and to the Messiah, the apportioning of a swath of land to the Sons of Zadok around the Temple Mount is mentioned. The measurement of this area is specified as 4,750 kanns (The kann measurement of Ezekiel is described as six amahs, with each amah consisting of six tefachs) beginning from the southern end of the Temple Mount heading South and from the opposite edge of the Temple Mount leading North, 12,250 kanns leading West and likewise to the East. This portion of the sons of Zadok is included in the 25,000 by 25,000 kanns that are to be given the greater Tribe of Levi with the greater tribe of Levi including Kohanim as well (Ezezkiel chapters 45 and 48).
Identifying Kohens of Zadokite lineage.
Rav Hai Gaon, in a letter-document sent to the Priests of Djerba (see also Beit Knesset Kohanim HaDintreisa), describes multiple personality aspects to be used in identifying genuine Kohanim. Hai Gaon, in his letter, describes the character traits of the Kohanim sons of Zadok as such;
Known priests of Zadokite lineage.
Priests in the Hebrew Bible of Zadokite lineage include Ezra and his relative Joshua the High Priest.
Commonly known Rabbinic "kohanim" of Zadokite lineage include the Tanna Eleazar ben Azariah, noted as being of tenth generation lineage to Ezra. The Babylonian Talmud introduces "Rabbi Ezrah the great-grandson of Rabbi Avtulas" as a Kohen of tenth generation from Rabbi Elazar Ben Azariah.
Rabbi Rifael Ziskind Katz of Hamburg was likewise known to be a descendant of the biblical Ezra, his patrilineal grandsons include HaRav HaNazir, and modern Rabbinic persona She'ar Yashuv Cohen and Yoel Kahan.
Rabbinic literature indicates that there were numerous priestly families of Zadokite lineage - amongst them David HaKohain Bar Isha, who upon the Spanish expulsion in 1492, emigrated to the town of Debdou in Morocco - a town purported to have consisted of a large population of Jewish priests.
The abbreviation כ"ץ "Kat"z.".
The abbreviation (כ"ץ) "Kat"z" -a common Jewish surname, may be found after some rabbinical author names. It indicates "kohen zadok" (כהן צדוק), or Zadokite lineage.
The Sons of Zadok in Christianity.
The idea of a literal fulfillment of Ezekiel's Third Temple in Jerusalem is an idea shared between some schools of Judaism and some millennial or adventist Protestants. These beliefs may include the reinstatement of animal sacrifices, and the reestablishment of a Zadokite priesthood: 

</doc>
<doc id="31027758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027758" title="Abdel Khaliq al-Rikabi">
Abdel Khaliq al-Rikabi

Abdel Khaliq al-Rikabi is an Iraqi author. He is one of the few major Iraqi authors to have stayed in the country. He is best known for his acclaimed novel "Seventh Day of Creation".

</doc>
<doc id="31027796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027796" title="The Best…So Far">
The Best…So Far

The Best…So Far is a greatest hits album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records on November 29, 1994. The album peaked at number 2 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31027806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027806" title="Abdulaziz Mohammed Majid Al-Farsi">
Abdulaziz Mohammed Majid Al-Farsi

Abdulaziz Mohammed Majid Al-Farsi (born August 27, 1976 in Shinas) is an Omani writer and senior specialist in oncology at the National Oncology Centre at the Sultani Hospital in Muscat. He is a graduate of Sultan Qaboos University in 2001 and became a fellow of the British Royal Medical College in Edinburgh in 2006. Since 2003 he has published four short story collections. His work has been published Banipal magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31027808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027808" title="Lee Henshaw">
Lee Henshaw

Lee Henshaw (born 1972, Macclesfield) is a British fiction writer.
His first novel, "Queer Fish in God's Waiting Room", was published by Legend Press in 2008 and was called 'distinctive and engaging' by "The Guardian". It also received praise from comedian and author Dom Joly. He called it ‘simply brilliant’ and described Lee as ‘a stoned new Kerouac’. 
Fruit Tree Books released the "Queer Fish in God’s Waiting Room" audiobook in early 2011. The American actor Adrian Pasdar ("Heroes", "Castle" and "Iron Man") recorded the audiobook in Manhattan in the summer of 2010.
Biography.
In 1989, during his ‘year out’ between A Levels and University, Henshaw wrote for his local newspaper, "The Macclesfield Express", as a music columnist. He also published a local music fanzine called "Feedback". 
While at university in Manchester in 1990 he recorded features for Mark Radcliffe’s BBC Radio 5 show "Hit The North" and wrote features for the listings magazine "City Life". 
For his creative writing module at university he wrote his first fiction, a short story called "Hedley Had An Erection". 
In 1993 he became the music columnist and a feature writer for "The Manchester Evening News". 
His first book, a biography of the rock band Oasis, was published in 1996. 
Working as a journalist, Henshaw’s writing has appeared in many high-profile publications in the UK, including "The Guardian", "The Observer" and "The Times". 
Henshaw currently lives in London with his wife and two children and is working on his next novel, "The Uncertainty of Friendship", a tragedy set in Macclesfield in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="31027809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027809" title="Jean-Marie Cuoq">
Jean-Marie Cuoq

Jean-Marie Cuoq (born 21 September 1967) is a French rally driver. He finished seventh on the 2008 Monte Carlo Rally in a privately entered Peugeot 307 WRC, scoring two World Rally Championship points.
Career.
Cuoq won the French Gravel Rally Championship in 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2010. In 2007 he also won the French asphalt title, but in February 2008 he was stripped of this title for having a notebook from the previous year during the reconnaissance for the Rallye du Var. He and co-driver David Marty also had their licenses suspended for 24 months, with 12 months suspended.
In January 2007 Cuoq made his World Rally Championship debut on Monte Carlo Rally where he finished ninth. One year later he scored his first WRC points by finishing seventh.
After his suspension he returned to the WRC for the 2010 Rally de Portugal, but retired from the rally.

</doc>
<doc id="31027812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027812" title="Gare de Collonges – Fort l'Écluse">
Gare de Collonges – Fort l'Écluse

Collonges - Fort l'Écluse station is a disused station near the small town of Collonges and the Fort l'Écluse, in the Ain department, eastern France. It is situated on the Bellegarde-Geneva section of the Lyon-Geneva Railway at the junction with the Divonne branch line. It is still manned by a signalman, who manages trains from Longeray to la Plaine and operates the points twice per day to allow the daily waste disposal train to join or leave the main line. It is remarkable for being one of the last places on the RFF network with operating semaphore signals from the PLM era. Another curiosity is the solar panel, which power an automatic point greaser.
Gallery.
Train oubliés, Volume 2 : Le P.L.M. (José Banaudo, 1981, 171 pages, Editions du Cabri)

</doc>
<doc id="31027825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027825" title="Robert Boyd (paediatrician)">
Robert Boyd (paediatrician)

Sir Robert David Hugh Boyd FRCP, FFPH, FRCPCH, FMedSci (born 14 May 1938) is a British paediatrician and head of research and Development for Greater Manchester NHS. From 1989 to 1993 he was Dean of the Medical School and Professor of Paediatrics at the University of Manchester. He was Principal of St George's Hospital Medical School, University of London, 1996–2003, and Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the University of London from 2000 to 2003. He was made a Knight Bachelor in 2004. He is the son of James Dixon Boyd.

</doc>
<doc id="31027827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027827" title="Bundesstraße 62">
Bundesstraße 62

Bundesstraße 62 or B62 is a German federal road. It connects Roth (Altenkirchen) with Barchfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="31027835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027835" title="Lindach">
Lindach

The Lindach is a small river in the central foothills of the Swabian Alb, which rises below the Reussenstein Castle in the Neidlingen valley and flows into the Lauter in Kirchheim unter Teck. It runs through the towns of Neidlingen, Weilheim an der Teck and the Jesingen district of Kirchheim unter Teck.
The source chambers are located at the top of the ridge. The karst water flows mainly from the eastern bay and after a few metres above the tuff overhang of the Neidlingen waterfall. A legend recorded by Wilhelm Hauff maintains that the source was formed when a giant tried to leap from one side of the valley to the other and slipped. The Lindach then gushed from the hole he made in the rock. 
The upper Lindach valley (also known as Neidlinger valley) is a popular tourist area. The ruins of Reussenstein Castle are well-known, as is the waterfall near the source of the Lindach. In the vicinity of the river, we find the Randecker Maar crater and the Limburg mountain. A bit further afield, we find the source of the Fils river, the Teck castle and Lenningen valley.
The landscape of the lower Lindach valley is less attractive, but the old town of Kirchheim is picturesque, especially the nearby town of Holzmaden with its well-known Primeval World Museum Hauff, which contains one of the most important collections of fossils in southern Germany.
"'

</doc>
<doc id="31027865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027865" title="Foreign Investment and NRI Cell, Government of Haryana">
Foreign Investment and NRI Cell, Government of Haryana

The Government of Haryana has nominated Rajiv Chhabra, a General Secretary of Indian Overseas Congress UK as a non official member of Foreign Investment and NRI Cell, Haryana, which would provide an Institutional mechanism for: Provision of guidance and advisory services for attracting foreign investment in the state and redressal of other problems faced by the NRI’s of Haryana domicile e.g. property, marital discord, and law and order issues etc. 
The Foreign Investment and NRI Cell will be located in the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC) Panchkula. While the HSIIDC is designated as the nodal agency for Investment related matters, the Home department will act the nodal agency for addressing grievances related to property, martial dispute, law and order, and other related social issues. 
The Cell would also create its Web Portal “Connect Haryana Forum” to act as the single point contact for NRIs & PIOs and also for building up the necessary database. The HSIIDC will undertake all necessary steps for development and updation of the website.
The Home department shall nominate a single point of contact to whom all relevant correspondence /grievances received in the Cell, in electronic or paper form, will be forwarded and monitored along with a status tracking facility to the person making such correspondence.
Advisory committee.
An Advisory Committee is also constituted at the Apex level to consider related matter and review the action taken by the Cell from time to time. The Advisory Committee shall consist of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31027889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027889" title="Community of Metros">
Community of Metros

Community of Metros (also called CoMET) is a system of international railway benchmarking. CoMET consists of large metro systems from around the world. The 14 members of CoMET are the Beijing Subway, Berlin U-Bahn, Guangzhou Metro, Hong Kong Mass Transit Railway, London Underground, Mexico City Metro, Madrid Metro, Moscow Metro, New York City Subway, Paris Métro, Santiago Metro, Shanghai Metro, São Paulo Metro, and Taipei Metro. Each metro has a volume of at least 500 million passengers annually.
Objectives.
The four main objectives of CoMET are:
History.
Project between London Underground and Hamburger Hochbahn.
In the UITP(International Association of Public Transport) conference of 1982, London Underground and Hamburger Hochbahn (The company that operates Hamburg U-Bahn) decided to create a benchmarking exercise to compare their two railways with additional data for other 24 metro systems.
Use of KPIs.
The project was successful despite the fact that metros were very different in sizes, structures and accounting practices. However, CoMET used the Key Performance Indicator(KPIs) innovatively to solve the problem.
Group of Five.
In 1994, the Mass Transit Railway of Hong Kong proposed to London Underground, Berlin U-Bahn, New York City Subway and Paris Métro to form a benchmarking consortium. Thus, the metros can exchange performance data and investigate best practice amongst similar heavy metros. These five metros are later known as the "Group of Five".
Community of Metros.
As the group progresses, Mexico City Metro, São Paulo Metro and Tokyo Metro joined the group in 1996. With eight members in total, the group became known as the "Community of Metros" (CoMET).
Creation of Nova.
Following the success of the CoMET, the Nova group was created in 1998. The Nova is currently consisted of 14 small to medium-sized metros.
1999 to Present.
Later, Moscow Metro joined the CoMET in 1999. Madrid Metro transferred from Nova to CoMET in 2004. Shanghai Metro joined in 2005. Santiago Metro and Beijing Subway joined in 2008. Taipei Metro was the last member to join the CoMET which also joined in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31027890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027890" title="Bulgaria women's national ice hockey team">
Bulgaria women's national ice hockey team

The Bulgarian women's ice hockey team represents Bulgaria at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by Bulgarian Ice Hockey Federation. As of 2011, Bulgaria has 27 female players. The Bulgarian women's national team is ranked 24th in the world.
History.
The Bulgarian women's hockey team has competed at very few high level international tournaments. It took its first attempt at the olympic gold in a qualification tournament. They played four games against Slovakia, Croatia, Italy, and Latvia. They lost all four games and were not able to qualify for the Olympics. The scores were 39-0 against Latvia, 30-1 against Croatia, 41-0 against Italy, and a record breaking 82-0 loss to Slovakia. The only goal was scored by forward, Olga Gospodinova assisted by the defensemen Elina Milanova and Sofiya Iliycheva.
World Championships record.
In 2011 the Bulgarian Women team was the first time involved in the World Championship competition.
All-time Record against other nations.
"As of December 8, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="31027894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027894" title="Anne Murray (album)">
Anne Murray (album)

Anne Murray is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records on August 6, 1996. The album peaked at number 10 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31027897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027897" title="Jason Sabio">
Jason Sabio

Jason Abbott Abantao Sabio (born 30 June 1986) is a Philippines international soccer player who plays as a center back or a right back for Ceres FC, but is more comfortable at central defense because of his leap, speed and communication skills.
A native of the Philippines, he moved to the United States at a young age where he eventually settled in Huntsville, Alabama. There he took up the sport of soccer, playing in high school and in college where he also obtained a bachelor's degree in biochemistry graduating cum laude. He is currently in law school at the University of Alabama and is also a player and coach of their club soccer team. An aspiring lawyer, he will pursue playing professional soccer if he cannot get offers from Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz or Maynard Cooper Gale law firms.
Early life.
Sabio was born in Manila, Philippines whose parents are physicians. His mother is originally from Koronadal and his father is from Marikina. In 1989 Sabio's father started working in the United States, and by 1991, Sabio and his mother followed. They were originally based in Long Island, New York but moved to Huntsville, Alabama when Sabio was in the 5th grade. Growing up in Huntsville, he spent a lot of time at his best friend's (named Edward Wills) house due to his parents working a lot. Wills was a soccer player and he was the one who got Sabio into the sport by the 7th grade.
Playing career.
College career.
Sabio was recruited from Grissom High School by Birmingham-Southern College (BSC) where he received an academic and athletic scholarship. He played for BSC's soccer team, the Panthers from 2004–2007 and won two NCAA Division 1 Big South Conference championships. Sabio revealed that after two years, he took classes at Northwestern University and almost transferred there but decided to stay at BSC due to their better paying scholarship. After graduation, he was offered a contract to play professionally in Germany but declined the offer due to personal obligations and opting to teach and coach in a high school.
Club career.
A former Alabama Spirit player, he was signed by Rocket City United (RCU) for the 2009 NPSL season in late April 2009. He made his debut in RCU's opening game on 2 May 2009 as he conceded two goals in their 2–1 defeat to Saturn FC. He would concede another two goals in their following match against Pumas FC but RCU were able to win 5–2. It would be his last match until their 1–1 away draw to Chattanooga FC on 21 June as Sabio had other commitments which included trying out for the Philippines national team. During his absence, RCU suffered a second league defeat, losing 2–0 to Atlanta FC. This would be their last defeat in the regular season and Sabio would be part of RCU's undefeated run which led them to win the Southeast Division Championship. However, he conceded four goals in the 4–2 defeat to Erie Admirals in the NPSL National semi-finals.
Sabio was bound to play for RCU in the 2010 NPSL season but was unable to due to commitments to his law firm work. However, the club reported on 1 February 2011 that he will be returning for the 2011 NPSL season. His first game back came on the opening day of the season. He got an assist and a clean sheet as RCU defeated Knoxville Force 2–0. He would practically the miss the rest the season due to being on international duty with the Philippines national team.
On 13 August 2011, it was reported that Sabio had signed for Kaya in the Philippines.
International career.
Sabio was discovered by Philippines national team captain Aly Borromeo. Sabio met him in the summer of 2009 and since then, Borromeo has been getting him to join the Philippines national team. He was not able to do so due to commitments in law school. By January 2011, as the Philippines were preparing for their 2012 AFC Challenge Cup qualification first leg play-off match against Mongolia on 9 February, it was reported that Sabio was one of six new foreign based players that would be trying out for the team. He joined the team on 31 January, just nine days before their match against Mongolia but was still named in the final roster. During the match, he came on as a 70th minute substitute for Anton del Rosario at right back and provided the assist to Phil Younghusband's injury time goal, as the Philippines eventually won 2–0. Due to the absence of regular central defender Rob Gier, Sabio started and completed the 90 minutes in the second leg against Mongolia. However, he gave away a penalty and eventually conceded two goals, as the Philippines lost 2–1. They still advanced to the group stage of the qualification by winning 3–2 on aggregate.
Coaching career.
In the spring of 2008, Sabio was on the coaching staff of John Carroll High School's junior varsity team and varsity team where they won the state championship. In 2009, he also coached the Huntsville High School girls soccer team, Huntsville United soccer club, and an under-12 boys team.

</doc>
<doc id="31027907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027907" title="Eric Stanley">
Eric Stanley

Eric Gerald Stanley FBA (born 19 October 1923) is a scholar of Medieval literature, with a particular focus on Old English literature; he was Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon and Fellow of Pembroke College, Oxford 1977–1991, and has been emeritus professor since then.

</doc>
<doc id="31027909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027909" title="Siracusa railway station">
Siracusa railway station

Siracusa is the main railway station of the Italian city of Syracuse (It.: "Siracusa"), in Sicily. Like Palermo Centrale, Catania Centrale and Messina Centrale it is one of the most important stations in Sicily. It is owned by the "Ferrovie dello Stato", the national rail company of Italy.
History.
The station was inaugurated on 19 January 1871 as the southern terminal of the line from Messina and Catania. On 13 August 1892 a short rail connection to the port and the station of Siracusa Marittima was opened, originally named Siracusa Porto, not used for passenger traffic. The original building of Siracusa Porto remains but the tracks have mostly disappeared and the area is now a car park. At the end of the 1990s, on the line from Catania, a new double-track siding from Targia with a tunnel under the city was built, causing the closure of the historical line and of the Syracusan station of Santa Panagia. Nowadays, except for the station of Targia, located in the petrochemical park in the north of the city, this station is the only one serving Syracuse. Some online maps still show the old railway lines including Google Maps. Other rail stops located in the municipality are situated in the villages of Santa Teresa Longarini, Fontane Bianche and Cassibile.
Structure and transport.
Siracusa station is located in south of the city, in the area of the port and close to the island of Ortygia. Its building has 2 floors. After the closure of the line via Santa Panagia, passing in the eastern side of the city, the station became a terminus.
The station is electrified, but not on the line to Ragusa and Gela, and served by regional trains. Mainly connected to Ragusa, Gela Catania and Messina, it is periodically linked to Palermo. For long distance transport Siracusa is the southern terminal of InterCity and Express trains to Rome, Turin, Milan and Venice, linking it also with Genoa, Naples, Bologna, Florence, Pisa and other cities. There are around 10 trains a day to Catania and Messina, several trains heading south towards Gela and one or two to Rome and beyond. There is a daily night service in both directions between Rome and Syracuse.
Facilities.
There are several ticket offices and automatic machines. There is a small café, tobacconists and a police station.

</doc>
<doc id="31027942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027942" title="Olga Gospodinova">
Olga Gospodinova

Olga Gospodinova (born February 25, 1992) is a Bulgarian woman ice hockey player. 
She plays for the Sofia ice hockey club in her home country and has also played for the Bulgaria women's national ice hockey team.
In 2008, she has scored the only goal for the team during the Olympic qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="31027954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027954" title="Alistair Campbell (academic)">
Alistair Campbell (academic)

Alistair Campbell (12 December 1907 - 5 February 1974) was a British academic who was Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon, University of Oxford, and Fellow of Pembroke College, Oxford, from October 1963 until his death. He was the editor of the standard edition of the Old English poem "Battle of Brunanburh" and the author of "Old English Grammar" (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1959 ISBN 0-19-811901-1).

</doc>
<doc id="31027996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31027996" title="Arthur Napier">
Arthur Napier

Arthur Sampson Napier (30 August 1853 - 10 May 1916) was a British academic.
He was Merton Professor of English Language and Literature, Oxford University from 1885 and also Rawlinsonian Professor of Anglo-Saxon since 1903. Napier was also a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford.
Arthur Napier was also an avid collector of the Oxford college Stamp issues and gave talks and displays on this subject,he also wrote many articles for Gibbons Stamp Monthly on the College Stamp Issues.

</doc>
<doc id="31028001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028001" title="Syracuse railway station">
Syracuse railway station

Syracuse railway station, or Syracuse station, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31028016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028016" title="Arkansas Highway 15">
Arkansas Highway 15

Arkansas Highway 15 is a designation for two state highways in Arkansas. The northern segment of runs from Altheimer north across Interstate 40 to Furlow. The southern segment of is entirely in Union County, and runs from Louisiana Highway 161 north to U.S. Route 82 in El Dorado.
Route description.
Union County.
AR 15 begins at Louisiana Highway 161 and runs northeast, cutting through South Arkansas country. The highway serves as a southern terminus for Arkansas Highway 355 outside El Dorado, AR 15 lone junction with another state road. AR 15 next meets the four-lane U.S. Route 82 outside El Dorado, where it terminates.
Altheimer to Furlow.
The route begins at US 79 Business and runs north, intersecting Arkansas Highway 31 in Sherrill near the Sherrill Methodist Episcopal Church and the Tucker School in Tucker before entering Lonoke County. Upon entering England, AR 15 forms a concurrency with U.S. Route 165 north to Keo for . AR 15 continues due north across U.S. Route 70 (near the historic US Route 70 Union Valley segment) and Interstate 40 (AR 15 being exit 169, Remington Rd.) before ending at AR 89/AR 294 west.
History.
Arkansas Highway 15 was one of the original 1926 routes designated by the Arkansas Highway Commission. The modern day routes were connected. AR 15 continued east from El Dorado into Bradley County through Hermitage and Warren. The route continued north into Cleveland County through Pansy and into Jefferson County, where it ran through Pine Bluff and along present-day AR 31 north to Sherrill, where it meets with today's routing.
The original 1926 routing ended at AR 36 in England, and no state highway ran to Furlow.

</doc>
<doc id="31028023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028023" title="Our Fragrance">
Our Fragrance

Our Fragrance (Urie Hyanggi) is a 2003 North Korean film written by Ri Suk Gyong and produced and directed by Jon Jong Pal. It falls under the genre of comedy and reflects the period following the 2002 market-oriented economic reforms. Although an initial match-making attempt between Pyongho and Saebyol through their grandparents is unsuccessful, the two are brought together by fate to participate in the Pyongyang spring fashion show. Modelling both the fashion and the virtues of a wedding couple, their families convene to judge the potential unity. However, tradition versus the foreign influence seeping into society becomes the theme as misunderstandings come to create drama between the two families and the young couple.

</doc>
<doc id="31028024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028024" title="Ghul, Oman">
Ghul, Oman

Ghul or Wadi Ghul is an abandoned village, located to the northwest of Al Hamra in Oman. The area is referred to as the "Omani grand canyon".

</doc>
<doc id="31028028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028028" title="Panic of 1930">
Panic of 1930

The Panic of 1930 was a financial crisis that occurred in the United States which led to a severe decline in the money supply during a period of declining economic activity. A series of bank failures from agricultural areas during this time period sparked panic among depositors which led to widespread bank runs across the country.
The decline in deposit currency ratio lowered the money multiplier, money supply and spending, dragging economic growth for the years to come. The lack of expansionary monetary policy by the Federal Reserve Board coupled with such deteriorating financial and economic situation exacerbated the recession into what became known as the Great Contraction and later the Great Depression.
Bank failures.
Most of the failed banks were because of bad business owners. National banks accounted for less than 1/6 of the total bank failures and less than 1/4 were members of the Federal Reserve System. 
Caldwell and Company stands as a notable bank failure given its prominence as the “Morgan of the South” owed to its role as a leading investment bank with a half-billion dollars worth of financial interests that include a number of insurance companies, industrial enterprises, newspapers, and the region’s largest bank chain. When Caldwell collapsed, its correspondent network of financial interests failed as well. Its collapse sparked further demand for currency from banks in affected regions.
Role of the Federal Reserve System.
The Federal Reserve, created in 1913 in response to the Panic of 1907, did not expand national money supply during this time period. The regional Federal Reserve Banks took different approaches to the panic.
The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis followed the real bills doctrine and did not open the discount window to its member banks in trouble following the collapse of Caldwell and Company. The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta opened the discount window to solvent member banks which had illiquid securities and needed liquidity. Banks under the Atlanta Fed had a lower failure rate than those under the St. Louis Fed, lending credence to the theory that the panic was largely an issue of liquidity rather than solvency.
Explanations.
Illiquidity coupled with a contagion of fear is seen as the major factor in precipitating the financial crisis. A contagion of fear led to higher short-term demand for currency and further strained the liquidity of banks and as a result made them cash flow insolvent. The contagion also led banks to dump their earning assets to build up their reserves which led to the failure of some banks otherwise solvent.
Balance sheet insolvency is seen as another possible explanation for the banking panic. However, data shows that most bank failures due to balance sheet insolvency happened between the panics between 1930-1933 while most bank failures due to illiquidity happened during the actual bank panics. Illiquidty shocks were observed by measuring increased hoarding.
Aftermath.
After the ensuing Great Contraction, the Fed began to learn to deal with regional banking panics and started to embrace its role as lender of last result. The importance of conducting expansionary monetary policy became evidence as a result of the consequent Great Depression.

</doc>
<doc id="31028030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028030" title="Michael Smith (darts player)">
Michael Smith (darts player)

Michael Smith (born 18 September 1990) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Career.
Smith reached the last 32 of the 2010 UK Open, knocking out Peter Manley and Matt Clark before losing to Mervyn King. He was one of a number of young players to make a significant impact in the tournament, along with William O'Connor, Arron Monk and Reece Robinson.
He was the number four seed for the 2011 PDC Under-21 World Championship, and lost in the quarter-finals to Benito van de Pas.
On 26 February 2011, Smith hit a nine-dart finish in a PDC Youth Tour event in Barnsley, against Michael van Gerwen. He eventually won through to the final, where he lost to Shaun Griffiths. The following day, he won his first PDC Pro Tour event, defeating Dave Chisnall 6–5 in the final of the 2011 UK Open Qualifier 2.
Smith had now become a full-time professional on the PDC darts Circuit and made his debut at the World Championships in 2012, losing 0–3 to Co Stompé in the first round. Smith only hit 3 of his 14 darts at a double during the match.
2012.
Smith won his second professional tournament in January 2012, at the Players Championship Event 2 in Benidorm. He won seven matches, concluding with a 6–3 victory over Justin Pipe to take the title and the £6,000 prize money. In April, he earned a place in the European Tour Event 1 in Vienna by defeating Les Wallace and Shaun Griffiths in the UK qualifier. He played Jamie Caven in the first round and hit a nine dart finish on his way to a 6–4 win, but then lost 5–6 to Mark Walsh in round two. His results meant he qualified for the World Matchplay for the first time in his career via the ProTour Order of Merit. He faced Raymond van Barneveld in the first round and was comfortably beaten 4–10. Smith also played in the World Grand Prix for the first time, losing to Phil Taylor 0–2 in sets in the first round. After all 33 ProTour events of 2012 had been played, Smith was 25th on the Order of Merit, inside the top 32 who qualified for the Players Championship Finals. It was Smith's first appearance in the tournament and he edged out Ian White 6–5 in the first round, before losing 6–10 to Kim Huybrechts.
2013.
Smith's position on the ProTour Order of Merit also saw him qualify for the 2013 World Championship, as he took the second of sixteen places that were awarded to the highest non-qualified players. However, he ran into an in-form Raymond van Barneveld in the first round who averaged 108.31 as Smith could only win one leg during the match in a 0–3 defeat.
Smith reached the final of the third UK Open Qualifier in March, but was beaten 2–6 by Michael van Gerwen.
Smith won the 2013 PDC World Youth Championship with a 6–1 victory over Ricky Evans which was broadcast just before the 2013 Premier League Darts Final. Smith led van Barneveld 3–0 in the third round of the UK Open, but went on to lose 8–9. In October, he advanced to the semi-finals for the second time in 2013 at the 12th Players Championship but his run was ended with a 6–3 defeat to Kevin Painter. His youth title earned him a place in the Grand Slam of Darts and he produced an impressive display in his first group match against Dave Chisnall as from 3–1 down he hit legs of 11, 12, 14 and 13 darts to win 5–3 with an average of 103.17. However, he then lost 5–2 to Scott Waites and 5–1 to Ted Hankey to finish third in Group H and be eliminated from the tournament.
2014.
Smith broke into the world's top 32 on the Order of Merit just before the cut-off for the 2014 World Championship to qualify through the main ranking list for the first time. He beat Morihiro Hashimoto 3–1 in the first round.
He then incredibly defeated reigning and 16-time world champion Phil Taylor 4–3 in the second round, taking out the bullseye on a 128 finish to win the match. In the next round Smith hit a 136 finish, with his opponent Peter Wright waiting on 41, to lead 3–2 but only won one more leg after this to lose 4–3 in a high quality encounter. He was named the PDC's Young Player of the Year at the Annual Awards in January. Smith won through to the final of the sixth UK Open Qualifier of the year but averaged just 70.94 as he was whitewashed 6–0 by Michael van Gerwen. A rematch against Wright followed in the third round of the UK Open with Smith throwing for the match in the final leg, but he missed a total of seven darts at doubles to lose 9–8. His second final of 2014 was at the fifth Players Championship which he reached by beating Raymond van Barneveld 6–3 in the quarter-finals and Gary Anderson 6–4 in the semis, but was again whitewashed in the decider, this time by Brendan Dolan.

</doc>
<doc id="31028042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028042" title="Concord International High School">
Concord International High School

Concord International High School (CIHS) was a private high school founded in 1973 that focused on preparing its students for entrance to college. It was accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
The school filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in November 2010 closed in 2011 and lost its 501(c)(3) Internal Revenue Service status in 2012. Susan Packer Davis, director for nearly thirty years, resigned in 2010 and was "named in a civil lawsuit" filed by the new board of directors.; In 2012 she "agreed to pay parents and other creditors $200,000 as part of a settlement." Some teachers and parents from CIHS founded a school called Concord Prep and located it in temporary quarters.

</doc>
<doc id="31028056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028056" title="Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni">
Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni

Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni is a Marathi film director. He is an alumnus of the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune. He is known for Marathi films such as "Valu" (The Wild Bull), "Vihir" (The Well) and "Deool" (The Temple).
Early life.
Umesh Kulkarni was born on 6 December 1976 in Pune to Vinayak and Vishakha Kulkarni. He has done graduation in commerce from BMCC, Pune, besides acquiring a Law degree. He joined FTII Pune in February 2000.
Career.
Kulkarni also directed notable short films such as "Girni, Three of Us, Vilay" and "Gaarud".
Direction -Valu,Vihir,Deool
Producer-Masala,Pune 52
Girni won the National Film Award for the Best Non Feature Film. Valu, released in January 2008 was featured in the Berlin film festival. Vihir was featured in Berlin film festival and Rotterdam International Film Festival 2010, the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="31028065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028065" title="Have a Little Talk with Myself">
Have a Little Talk with Myself

"Have a Little Talk With Myself" was a song recorded by Ray Stevens, released in early 1970. Although it failed to peak into the Billboard Hot 100, it did manage to peak at #63 on the Hot Country Songs charts, making it his second hit to chart in the American country market. Sammy Davis, Jr. later covered the song for his 1972 album "Sammy Davis, Jr. Now".

</doc>
<doc id="31028078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028078" title="Éxitos y Recuerdos">
Éxitos y Recuerdos

Exitos y Recuredos () is a compilation album series that was first released in 1995 under the title "Exitos Del Recuerdo" which spotlighted Selena. In 1996, the series changed the name to "Exitos y Recuerdos" spotlighting other artists of different Mexican music genres, mostly of Tejano music singers. The album was produced by EMI-Capitol Special Markets in the United States whereas Madacy Entertainment was produced in Canada.
Following is a list of albums in the Exitos y Recuerdos series:

</doc>
<doc id="31028079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028079" title="An Intimate Evening with Anne Murray">
An Intimate Evening with Anne Murray

An Intimate Evening with Anne Murray is a live album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records on September 16, 1997. The album peaked at number 8 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31028106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028106" title="Wits Vuvuzela">
Wits Vuvuzela

The Wits Vuvuzela is the official student newspaper of the University of the Witwatersrand (Wits). The newspaper is produced by the students of the Wits School of Journalism, and appears in both printed and online formats.

</doc>
<doc id="31028108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028108" title="Wei Christianson">
Wei Christianson

Wei Christianson (August 21, 1956 – ) is the CEO and managing director of Morgan Stanley in Asia.
Education.
Ms. Christianson applied to liberal arts colleges in the United States, and was accepted in 1983 to Amherst College as a transfer student and as perhaps its first student from mainland China since China adopted the Open and Reform policy in early 1980s. She graduated "cum laude" with a B.A. in political science in 1985.
She immediately continued on to Columbia Law School, where she graduated with honors in international law in 1989.
Career.
After Christianson moved to Hong Kong, she attained a position drafting the regulatory structure that would enable the first batch of People's Republic of China companies to be listed outside China — a unique job that helped pave the way for her investment banking career.
Christianson held a similar position with Credit Suisse First Boston, as a managing director, chairman and country manager. Christianson joined Credit Suisse First Boston from Morgan Stanley, where she was an executive director, Beijing chief representative, and a senior team member of Morgan Stanley's Resources, Power and Transportation Group. Christianson later joined Citigroup as a managing director and chairman of China, Citigroup Global Markets (Asia) Ltd., where she was responsible for the securities and investment banking businesses in China.
As a banker, Christianson has masterminded major initial public offerings including Sinopec, China Life, and SMIC, and oversaw the $4.2 billion acquisition of Gas Khazakstan by CNPC, which was the largest cross-border M&A deal ever undertaken in China at that time.
Awards.
Christianson was listed in the "Fortune" magazine “International Power 50” in 2008 to 2011 as one of the 50 Most Powerful Women in Business. She is one of the "Wall Street Journal" 50 Women to Watch of 2006, 2007 and 2008. She is one of the Top 25 Nonbank Women in Finance, 2007 and 2008, rated by "American Banker" and "U.S. Banker". She was awarded the Medal for Excellence by Columbia University School of Law Association. She was on the Power Women to Watch list in 2010 and 2011 by Financial Times.
She received several awards recognizing her achievements as a Chinese native. She received the Pinnacle Award as one of the Outstanding 50 Asian Americans in Business 2009 by Asian American Business Development Center. She also received the Legacy Award in 2008 by Museum of Chinese in America, and the China Women’s Achievement Award in 2008 by Women’s Federation of P.R. China and Sun Media Group.
Personal.
Wei is married to Jon Christianson, a partner of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and Affiliates, and is the mother of three boys, Erik, Neil and Nicholas. She currently lives with her family in Beijing and co-owns with her husband a home in Idaho's Sawtooth Valley, just north of the Sawtooth Valley Ranger Station near Fisher Creek on Highway 75.

</doc>
<doc id="31028112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028112" title="Bonny Estuary">
Bonny Estuary

The Bonny Estuary or Bight of Bonny is an estuary on the coast of Rivers State, Nigeria near Port Harcourt. It forms part of the Campo River delta. The area is dominated by mangrove swamp, similar in vegetation to the estuarine area of the Niger Delta.

</doc>
<doc id="31028128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028128" title="Greg Habeeb">
Greg Habeeb

Gregory "Greg" D. Habeeb (born June 15, 1976) is a lawyer and American politician in Southwest Virginia. Habeeb, a conservative Republican, is a member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 8th District, which includes the City of Salem, Craig County, and parts of Roanoke and Montgomery Counties.
Personal Life & Education.
Habeeb was born in Syracuse, New York and was raised in Christiansburg, Virginia. 
Habeeb attended Christiansburg High School and was an active member in the YMCA's Model General Assembly Program. He served as Youth Governor and remained interested in politics. 
Habeeb attended Wake Forest University in North Carolina, earning an undergraduate degree in 1998. He earned his law degree from the Wake Forest University School of Law in 2001. While at Wake Forest, he met his future wife, Christy. 
Currently, Habeeb has three children and lives in Salem, Virginia. He is a partner at Gentry, Locke, Rakes & Moore, a business law firm in Roanoke, Virginia. 
Habeeb and his family attend the Restoration Church in Salem. Habeeb is a volunteer with Young Life, a youth ministry, and formerly served on the Board of Directors of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Southwest Virginia. He also volunteers at the Military Family Support Center in Salem.
Political career.
Habeeb got his start in politics during college as intern for then Governor George Allen and subsequently for then Senator John Warner (R-VA).
After practicing law in Richmond, Virginia from 2001-2004, Habeeb moved back to the Roanoke Valley. In 2007 he was elected Chairman of the Salem Republican Committee. During his tenure, the Salem Republican Committee grew from about 10 members to over 120 members. Habeeb's work as Salem Republican Committee Chair was recognized by the Republican Party of Virginia which named him its statewide Unit Chair of the Year in 2007 and the 6th District Unit Chair of the Year in 2008.
During this time, Habeeb also worked closely with then Delegate Morgan Griffith, who was the House Majority Leader. 
In November 2010, Griffith was elected to Congress in Virginia's 9th Congressional District, defeating long-time incumbent Rick Boucher. Griffith resigned from the House of Delegates in December. 
Habeeb, while initially not interested in running, reconsidered after receiving calls from many community members and several prominent party officials.
Electoral history.
2011 Special Election.
Habeeb announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for the 8th District seat in the Virginia House of Delegates on November 7, 2010. His candidacy was supported by, among others, Congressman-elect Griffith, 6th District Congressman Bob Goodlatte and Virginia State Senator Ralph Smith. 
Habeeb was also endorsed during his primary by Governor Bob McDonnell, Lieutenant Governor Bill Bolling and Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli. Due in part to the overwhelming level of support he received by party leaders and Republican voters, Habeeb ultimately won the Republican nomination without opposition. McDonnell set the date for the special election as January 11, 2011 - giving candidates just under two months to campaign. 
Habeeb's opponent was Democrat Ginger Mumpower, a business owner from Roanoke County. Habeeb defeated Mumpower by a margin of 64% to 36%, winning every precinct in the District.
2011 Re-Election.
Habeeb announced in April 2011 his intention to seek a full term in the House of Delegates. Habeeb went unchallenged for the Republican nomination and eventually won re-election without opposition.
Member of the Virginia General Assembly.
Habeeb was sworn-in as a member of the Virginia General Assembly just over 14 hours after thanking his supporters on Election night. 
During his first session, Habeeb sponsored several pieces of legislation aimed at reducing the size of government, making it more efficient, transparent and accountable. 
He was initially assigned to three committees: House Courts of Justice, House Transportation and House Militia, Police, and Public Safety. 
After serving just half a term in the House, Habeeb was appointed to the influential House Committee on Commerce & Labor. In addition, he currently also serves on the Courts of Justice and Transportation committee. Habeeb was also appointed to the important Rules committee, which is in charge of determining under what rule a bill will be considered under.

</doc>
<doc id="31028134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028134" title=".224 Montgomery">
.224 Montgomery

The .224 Montgomery is a wildcat centerfire cartridge designed by Tim Montgomery. The round is made by necking down a .25 ACP case to accept a .224 sized bullet.

</doc>
<doc id="31028138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028138" title="RuPaul discography">
RuPaul discography

The discography of RuPaul, an American singer-songwriter, contains seven studio albums (including one holiday album), two soundtrack albums, five compilation albums (of which three are remix albums), and one extended play. RuPaul has also had thirty-one singles and two promotional singles.
RuPaul reached commercial success in the United States with his debut album, "Supermodel of the World", which reached number 109 on the US "Billboard" 200. The album contained RuPaul's signature song, "Supermodel (You Better Work)". The song reached number 45 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was a Top 5 single on the Hot Dance Club Play chart in 1993. Since then, RuPaul has released six more studio albums, although none featured a single that charted as high as "Supermodel (You Better Work)". However, in 2014, coinciding with the release of season six of his show "RuPaul's Drag Race", his album "Born Naked" reached number 85 on "Billboard" 200, making it his current highest charting album.

</doc>
<doc id="31028156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028156" title="Physics and Chemistry of Liquids">
Physics and Chemistry of Liquids

Physics and Chemistry of Liquids is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes experimental and theoretical research articles focused on the science of the liquid state. 
The editors-in-chief are N. H. March and G. G. N. Angilella. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.603.
Scope.
The journal's scope includes all types of liquids, from monatomic liquids and their mixtures, through charged liquids to molecular liquids. 
Abstracting and indexing.
"Physics and Chemistry of Liquids" is abstracted and indexed in the following databases:

</doc>
<doc id="31028158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028158" title="Los tres García">
Los tres García

Los tres García ("The Three Garcias") is a 1947 Mexican film. It stars Pedro Infante, Abel Salazar and Carlos Orellana. For the film's exterior shots, the Delegation or City of Cuajimalpa, Mexico, was used, specially Parroquia San Pedro Apostol, which still provides religious services. Pedro Infante fell in love with the town, the locals and countryside, to the point of building a large mansion just outside of Cuajimalpa. He lived there until his death in 1957. The house stood there until the 1990s; it was later demolished and Husky Injection Molding Systems Mexico was constructed on the same site. The northwest exterior wall that surrounded Pedro's property still stands to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="31028161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028161" title="Foot Emancipation Society">
Foot Emancipation Society

The Foot Emancipation Society (), or Anti-footbinding Society (; "Jiè chánzú huì"), was a civil organization which opposed foot binding in late Qing dynasty China. It was impacted by the Hundred Days' Reform of 1898, and this organization advanced the feminist movement in China.
Background.
Foot binding was a custom practiced on young girls and women for approximately one thousand years in China, beginning in the 10th century. In Chinese society, bound feet were considered beautiful and erotic. The practice also limited women's mobility and was sometimes seen as a mark of status (the woman did not have to work) or a mark of male ownership (the woman's mobility was limited and she was intensely dependent on the males in her household).
After the First Opium War, China signed the 1842 "Treaty of Nanking" with Britain, which forced the Qing government to open the five ports. More Christians came to China and began to oppose foot binding, because they thought it was discriminatory against females. In 1875, a Guangzhou pastor organized an "anti-foot-binding organization", and more than 80 people attended, despite the fact that these kinds of activities had very limited influence.
Founding.
The Hundred Days' Reform of 1898 stimulated many social reform activities. The widest-ranging movement was the "anti-footbinding movement," which generated the founding of the "Foot Emancipation Society".
In 1887, Kang Youwei and Qu Eliang established the "Foot Emancipation Society" in the Nanhai District, of Foshan City; however, it was abandoned due to public opposition. In 1885, Kang Youwei and his brother Kang Guangrou () established the "Canton Foot Emancipation Society". He asked his daughters Kang Tongwei and Kang Tongbi to release their feet as examples. This movement began to impact the culture in Guangdong. In late 1896, Wu Xinggang (吴性刚) founded the "Anti-Footbinding Society" in Hunan province.
After 1897, the anti-footbinding movement developed rapidly. In the Shunde District of Foshan City, more than one hundred people attended the anti-footbinding movement. Liang Qichao (梁启超) wrote an article called "Report of Anti-footbinding" (《戒缠足会叙》). On June30, the Shanghai Foot Emancipation Society was established. It impacted related organizations in Fuzhou, Tianjing, and Macau. In 1897, Chen Baoyi () announced the establishment of the Foot Emancipation Society in Changsha. The next year, Tan Sitong and Tang Caichang began the Hunan Foot Emancipation Society.
These activities may have been restricted by the districts during this period. The movement was also limited to the more knowledgeable citizens. After the failure of the Hundred Days' Reform, the anti-foot binding movement ended and foot binding continued to be widely practiced.
Second phase.
During the Gengzi Reform (), anti-footbinding activities resumed. In 1902, Empress Dowager Cixi announced a ban on foot-binding to appease foreigners, but it was rescinded a short time later. In 1905, the Natural Feet Society () was established and largely impacted this movement. This movement gained the support of a number of provincial governors. Sichuan Governor Cen Chunxuan printed 50,000 books in support of the movement; Zhili Governor Cen Chunxuan, Huguang Governor Duanfang also wrote anti-footbinding articles. In 1904, foot binding was outlawed in many provinces, and some governmental officers asked their wives or daughters to release their bound feet.
In 1912, after the fall of the Qing dynasty, the new Republic of China government banned foot binding. Women were told to unwrap their feet lest they be killed. Societies were founded to support the abolition of foot-binding, with contractual agreements made between families who would promise an infant son in marriage to an infant daughter who did not have bound feet. When the Communists took power in 1949, they were able to enforce a strict prohibition on foot-binding, including in isolated areas deep in the countryside where the Nationalist prohibition had been ignored. The prohibition on foot-binding remains in effect today.

</doc>
<doc id="31028163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028163" title="Blériot 111">
Blériot 111

The Blériot 111 was a French four-seat executive transport monoplane designed by André Herbemont. The first French aircraft to be fitted with a retractable landing gear, after six years development it was not ordered into production.
Design and development.
The Bleriot 111 was a low-wing single-engined monoplane with an enclosed passenger cabin and an open cockpit for the pilot forward of the cabin. The first variant was the Bleriot 111/1 which first flew on 24 January 1929 powered by a Hispano-Suiza 6Mbr 6-cyl. water-cooled in-line engine. In October 1929 a second variant flew (known as the 111bis or 111/2) which had a modified landing gear. The 111/2 was re-engined with a Gnome & Rhône 9Ady radial engine and re-designated 111/3. The 111/3 was flown as part of the Patrouille Blériot which gave exhibitions and demonstrations around France and Spain in the 1930s. 
The 111/1 was modified as the 111/4 with a revised wing bracing, a Hispano-Suiza 12Jb engine and retractable landing gear,a first for a French aircraft. The 111/4 flew on 27 October 1930. The next variant was the 111/5 which moved the pilot's cockpit to the rear of the passenger cabin and was fitted with a Hispano-Suiza 12Mbr engine. A re-engined variant of the 111/5 was fitted with a Gnome-Rhône K-14(sic) radial engine and was named "Sagittaire" (). 
"Sagittaire" later fitted with a new wing and Gnome & Rhône 14Kbrs, was re-designated 111/6. The 111/6 was entered into the 1934 London to Melbourne air race but it was withdrawn when the landing gear was damaged two days before the race start. With no commercial interest in the design no more Bleriot 111s were built.

</doc>
<doc id="31028165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028165" title="Cuando los hijos odian">
Cuando los hijos odian

Cuando los hijos odian ("When the Children Hate") is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028166" title="Anacleto se divorcia">
Anacleto se divorcia

Anacleto se divorcia is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana. 
A factory's guard has problems with his wife because of a co-worker's lies.

</doc>
<doc id="31028172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028172" title="¡... Y murió por nosotros!">
¡... Y murió por nosotros!

¡... Y murió por nosotros! ("...He Died for Us!") is a 1951 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028189" title="Acá las tortas">
Acá las tortas

Acá las tortas ("Tortas Here") is a 1951 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana, Sara García and Meche Barba. It is available on YouTube.
Plot.
This is the story of an elderly couple that had worked all their life making a modest living out of selling cakes. Everything they had they gave to their three children so they could have a better future. Thanks to their sacrifice, two of them were able to study abroad and now because of the social status they had accomplished, were too ashamed of their parents and denied knowing them. The third child, had become an alcoholic and his whereabouts were unknown to his parents.

</doc>
<doc id="31028194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028194" title="Un Príncipe de la iglesia">
Un Príncipe de la iglesia

Un Príncipe de la iglesia ("A Prince of the Church") is a 1952 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028197" title="Cuando los hijos pecan">
Cuando los hijos pecan

Cuando los hijos pecan ("When Children Sin") is a 1952 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028201" title="Del rancho a la televisión">
Del rancho a la televisión

Del rancho a la televisión ("From the Ranch to the Television") is a 1953 Mexican film. It stars Luis Aguilar.
Plot.
A young country boy moves to Mexico City to become a singer. A young girl and her father support him and help him on his road to fame. Unfortunately, his success is boycotted by a jealous woman.

</doc>
<doc id="31028206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028206" title="Dos tipos de cuidado">
Dos tipos de cuidado

Dos tipos de cuidado ("Two Dangerous Fellows") is a 1953 Mexican film. It stars Pedro Infante and Jorge Negrete, with music by Carlos Orellana.
Plot.
It is the story of the two best friends, Pedro Malo y Jorge Bueno, they dated Maria (Jorge´sister)and Rosario (Pedro´s cousin) together they are nice and funny couples. One year has passed and the couples no longer are together, Jorge got his car to a services station when and old friend told him that Pedro has return to the village, they are no longer friends, in fact they are enemies because, Pedro has, short ago, get married Jorge´s girlfriend, Rosario. 

</doc>
<doc id="31028207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028207" title="2 Area Support Group Signal Squadron">
2 Area Support Group Signal Squadron

2 Area Support Group Signal Squadron (2 ASG Sig Sqn) was a Regular Force Army unit within the Canadian Forces. The Squadron was responsible to deliver secure and non-secure communication and information systems across Land Force Central Area (LFCA). The parent formation of the Squadron was 2 Area Support Group (2 ASG). Although an Army unit, for service delivery the Squadron aligned itself to an ITIL framework for business processes and a common lexicon with industry partners.
2 ASG Signal Squadron was headquartered at Canadian Forces Base (CFB) Petawawa with platoon-sized troops in Petawawa, Kingston, Toronto, London and section-sized detachments in Ottawa, Sault Ste Marie, and North Bay. The majority of soldiers within the squadron came from the Communications and Electronics Branch of the Canadian Forces. In 2013, 2 ASG Sig Sqn was renamed 4th Canadian Division Support Group Signal Squadron 
History.
2 ASG Sig Sqn, in various forms, has been located at CFB Petawawa since a school of signals was established in 1912. In 1960, Camp Petawawa Signal Squadron was formed from the amalgamation of three units: 2 Static Signal Troop, Camp Petawawa Signal Troop, and Increment D Troop. On 1 November 1966, Camp Petawawa Signal Squadron became 702 Communication Squadron (702 Comm Sqn) with the motto "Nunquam Non Paratus" (Never Unready).
Over the years the Squadron has changed hands between Army Signals, Communication Command, Director Information Services Organization and back to the Army. In 1998, 702 Communications Squadron became part of 2 ASG within Land Force Central Area (LFCA) and renamed to 2 Area Support Group Signal Squadron. Base Information Technology Support Units (BITSUs) at Ottawa, Kingston, Toronto, London, North Bay and Sault Ste. Marie were amalgamated with the Squadron to create a single unit within LFCA, which would provide consolidated information systems support to all Army units in Ontario. In 2013, 2 ASG Sig Sqn was renamed 4th Canadian Division Support Group Signal Squadron with a Government of Canada move to restore historical features of the Canadian Army. 

</doc>
<doc id="31028212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028212" title="Romance de fieras">
Romance de fieras

Romance de fieras ("Romance of Beasts") is a 1954 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028216" title="White Lauter">
White Lauter

The White Lauter is the right hand source of the river Lauter. It rises southeast of Lenningen below the state road B465. Near Lenningen it joins the Black Lauter, forming the Lauter.
Source of the White Lauter.
The source of the White Lauter is located southeast of Gutenberg in Lenningen, below the B465 and is designated as a nature reserve. It consists of several rows of wells on the valley floor, which appear a few metres apart, as Karst wells. Some of the sources are used for the supply of drinking water. The average discharge is about 300 litres per second. The catchment area is part of the adjacent Schwabian Alps plateau, but the exact extent is unknown.
Course.
The White Lauter flows west through Gutenberg. It the end of the village. it receives the creek of the Donn valley and bends to the north. At the treatment plant it joins the Black Lauter, forming the Lauter.

</doc>
<doc id="31028217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028217" title="The 96' Lost Tapes">
The 96' Lost Tapes

"The 96' Lost tapes" is an online studio album by the group Phunk Junkeez made up of old recordings from summer 1996, It was released on March 22, 2010, on Gold Chain Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31028218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028218" title="Borrasca en las almas">
Borrasca en las almas

Borrasca en las almas () is a 1954 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028221" title="La Calle de los amores">
La Calle de los amores

La Calle de los amores ("The Street of Love") is a 1954 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028223" title="Maldita ciudad">
Maldita ciudad

Maldita ciudad ("Damn City") is a 1954 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028224" title="Las Medias de seda">
Las Medias de seda

Las Medias de seda ("The Silk Stockings") is a 1956 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028227" title="Alan Harris (disambiguation)">
Alan Harris (disambiguation)

Alan Harris is a Welsh playwright.
Alan Harris may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31028228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028228" title="Tú y las nubes">
Tú y las nubes

Tú y las nubes ("You and the Clouds") is a 1955 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028234" title="Cupido pierde a Paquita">
Cupido pierde a Paquita

Cupido pierde a Paquita ("Cupid Loses Paquita") is a 1955 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028235" title="Los Paquetes de Paquita">
Los Paquetes de Paquita

Los Paquetes de Paquita ("The Packages of Paquita") is a 1955 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="31028248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028248" title="1985 Montreal Concordes season">
1985 Montreal Concordes season

The 1985 Montreal Concordes finished the season in 2nd place in the East Division with an 8–8 record and lost in the East Final to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats 50-26.

</doc>
<doc id="31028254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028254" title="São Gabriel Futebol Clube">
São Gabriel Futebol Clube

São Gabriel Futebol Clube, commonly known as São Gabriel, is a Brazilian football club based in São Gabriel, Rio Grande do Sul state. They competed in the Copa do Brasil once.
History.
The club was founded in 2000 after two local clubs, named Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa São Gabriel and Grêmio Esportivo Gabrielense, merged. São Gabriel won the Torneio Cidade de São Gabriel in 2004 and in 2006. The club competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2004, when they were eliminated in the Second Round by Palmeiras, after eliminating Figueirense in the First Round.
Stadium.
São Gabriel Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Sílvio de Faria Correia. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 8,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31028270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028270" title="Omar Fakhri">
Omar Fakhri

Dr. Omar Fakhri - الدكتور عمر فخري – B.Sc., M.Sc., Ph.D. FRCPath is a medical scientist who is best known for his research in several areas: the role of vitamin K in treating hemorrhagic diathesis in children, the cooperation between antibodies and lymphocytes and their role in immune response, the use of peritoneal macrophages in the treatment of resistant infections in leukemia patients, the effect of electroconvulsive therapy on diabetes and the use of low voltage electrotherapy in the treatment of resistant skin burns, psoriasis, exophthalmos, aplastic anaemia and other diseases.
Background and education.
Dr. Fakhri was born in Baghdad, Iraq, on October 18, 1934. After earning a B.Sc. in Pharmacy and Chemistry at the University of Baghdad in 1955, he worked as a research assistant in the Department of Biochemistry at the College of Medicine at Baghdad University. In 1958, he established a chemical pathology laboratory at the Children’s Welfare Hospital where he conducted research as well as running routine laboratory tests. In 1959, he began to work for the Republican Hospital, where he was responsible for research and other work at the recently established Department of Radioisotopes.
In 1961, he was granted a fellowship by the International Atomic Energy Agency for a year of further training at University College Hospital in London on the medical application of isotopes. After this he continued his work at the Republican Hospital in Baghdad until 1966, when he returned to London to continue his post graduate studies at the University of London at Hammersmith Hospital and the Royal Postgraduate Medical School, earning an M.Sc. in radiobiology and radiation physics in 1967 and a Ph.D. in immunology in 1971. After receiving his doctorate, Dr. Fakhri worked as a lecturer at Westminster Hospital, where he began to develop his research. He was granted membership in the Royal College of Pathologists in 1975. On his return to Baghdad in 1978, he was appointed Director of the Medical Research Center at Baghdad University. In addition, he established a private laboratory for clinical investigation.
Dr. Fakhri continued to work as director of the Medical Research Centre, developing his work on electrotherapy, until he returned to London in 1988. During 1989-1990, he worked for the Department of Dermatology at Westminster Hospital as a clinical assistant, where he successfully treated several patients with psoriasis using electrotherapy. During that period he also worked at the Institute of Ophthalmology, where he also successfully treated a number of exophthalmos cases using the electrotherapy methods he had developed in Baghdad. From 1992, he worked at the Hale Clinic in London, a private clinic promoting alternative medicine, using electrotherapy to treat patients. Since 1995 Dr. Fakhri has worked in private practice in London.
Dr. Fakhri’s work has been published in a number of international medical journals and presented at scientific conferences in the United States, Sweden, Denmark, Egypt, Turkey and Hungary.
Contributions to medical science.
Discovery of role of vitamin K in treating haemorhagic diathesis in children.
Summer diarrhea is a condition prevalent in children in Iraq due to contaminated food. Treatment usually involves a fat free diet, however the resulting lack of fat soluble vitamins, including vitamin K, can result in hemorrhagic diathesis — bleeding from the gut and from under the skin. Children suffering with this condition were typically given blood transfusions, but with little improvement. In 1959, Dr. Fakhri, Tajeldin and Nouri at the Children’s Welfare Hospital in Baghdad discovered that these patients suffered from low prothromin, which is essential for blood clotting. This could be remedied simply with vitamin K, a precursor of prothrombin. With this treatment the condition could be rapidly reversed, saving the lives of hundreds of patients threatened by this disease.
Discovery of the cooperation between antibodies and lymphocytes.
Until the late 1960s, lymphocytes and antibodies were thought to act separately and have different functions. While working on immunotherapy for cancer, Fakhri found that neither lymphocytes nor antibodies were effective against cancer cells. Inspired by what he had observed in his work with coagulation factors, Dr. Fakhri decided to investigate the cooperation between antibodies and lymphocytes to see if there might be parallels with the way different coagulation factors operated. He found that when lymphocytes were mixed with cancerous cells in the presence of antibodies the lymphocytes encircled the cancer cells and destroyed them. He called these lymphocytes “co-optable lymphocytes.” As other scientists began to explore this phenomenon these lymphocytes came to be called “K cells” or “Killer cells” and were found to play a major role in immune response. Dr. Fakhri’s discovery was featured in the scientific journal "Nature New Biology".
Transfusion of peritoneal macrophages for leukaemia.
During his PhD research, Dr. Fakhri carried out a series of experiments to determine an effective method to treat cancer with immunotherapy. He published several papers on his results, demonstrating the successful treatment of cancer in animals using macrophages and antibodies. In order to apply his findings to human subjects, he examined human peritoneal macrophages for the possibility of transfusing them between individuals. He tested for the presence of HLA D antigens, which are responsible for the rejection of foreign macrophages, on the surfaces of macrophages. To his surprise, he found none, suggesting that transfusion might be possible. He then carried out transfusions of macrophages collected from the peritoneal washout of patients undergoing peritoneal dialysis for renal failure and used these for the first time to treat leukemia patients with infections not responding to antibiotics. He also used peritoneal macrophages to treat a patient with aplastic anaemia by virtue of the colony stimulating factor which they release.
Electroconvulsive therapy.
Dr. Fakhri is best known for his discovery of the beneficial effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) on diabetic patients. He first reported this finding in a letter to "The Lancet", a medical journal, in 1966. Dr. Fakhri, Fadhli and El Rawi then conducted a larger study on diabetic patients suffering from depression and reported the benefits associated with ECT in The Lancet in 1980. Follow up studies by other scientists supported Dr. Fakhri’s findings.
Low Voltage Electrotherapy.
In 1982, Dr. Fakhri designed an electric stimulator that could be used without pain or discomfort to the patient as an alternative to ECT. He used it for the first time in the treatment of resistant skin burns, exophthalmos, psoriasis and aplastic anaemia. Although the effect of low voltage electrotherapy on the body is still not fully understood, it has been well established that it improves circulation and stimulates tissue growth. In addition, it appears to have beneficial effects with regard to various autoimmune diseases and assist in regulating an imbalanced immune system.
Dr. Fakhri has used his electrotherapy methods and inventions in the treatment of pulpitis at Al Maghreb Dental Centre in Baghdad, myelitis and cerebral oedema at the Medical City Hospital in Baghdad, and retinitis pigmentosa and heumatoid arthritis at his various private clinics in London. His work on the therapeutic applications of electrotherapy is ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="31028276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028276" title="Baňur">
Baňur

Baňur is a lake of Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="31028283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028283" title="The Strong">
The Strong

The Strong is an interactive, collections-based educational institution in Rochester, New York, USA, devoted to the study and exploration of play. It carries out this mission through five programmatic arms called “Play Partners.” These are the National Museum of Play, the International Center for the History of Electronic Games, the National Toy Hall of Fame, the Brian Sutton-Smith Library and Archives of Play, and the "American Journal of Play".
Independent and not-for-profit, The Strong houses hundreds of thousands of historical materials related to play. These enable a multifaceted array of research, exhibition, and other interpretive activities that serve a diverse audience of adults, families, children, students, teachers, scholars, collectors, and others around the globe.
Overview.
Known originally as the Margaret Woodbury Strong Museum and later simply as the Strong Museum, it became the Strong National Museum of Play in 2006 after completing renovations and an expansion that nearly doubled its size to 282,000 square feet (26,200m2). The institution rebranded as The Strong in 2010—housing the National Museum of Play and four additional Play Partners.
The Strong collects and preserves artifacts, documents, and other materials that illuminate the meaning and importance of play. The hundreds of thousands of objects in The Strong’s collections comprise the world’s most comprehensive assemblage of toys, games, dolls, electronic games, and other items related to play.
The National Museum of Play.
The National Museum of Play is the only collections-based museum anywhere devoted solely to the study of play, and although it is a history museum, it has some characteristics of a children’s museum, making it the second largest museum of that type in the United States.
The International Center for the History of Electronic Games.
The International Center for the History of Electronic Games collects, studies, and interprets video games, other electronic games, and related materials and the ways in which electronic games are changing how people play, learn, and connect with each other, including across boundaries of geography and culture.
National Toy Hall of Fame.
The National Toy Hall of Fame recognizes toys that have demonstrated popularity over multiple generations and thereby gained national significance in the world of play and imagination. Each year the hall inducts additional honorees and showcases both new and historic versions of the classic icons of play.
Brian Sutton-Smith Library and Archives of Play.
The Brian Sutton-Smith Library and Archives of Play is a multidisciplinary research repository devoted to the intellectual, social, and cultural history of play. In addition to housing the personal library and papers of eminent play scholar Brian Sutton-Smith, this Strong Play Partner holds a full spectrum of primary and secondary resources, including scholarly works, popular and children’s books, professional journals, other periodicals, trade catalogs, comics, manuscripts, game design materials, personal papers, and business records.
"American Journal of Play".
The "American Journal of Play" is a peer-reviewed, interdisciplinary quarterly that serves as a forum for discussing the history, science, and culture of play. The "Journal" includes articles, interviews, and book reviews written for a broad readership of educators, scholars, designers, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31028306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028306" title="Mark Calvert">
Mark Calvert

Mark Calvert (born September 29, 1956) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the San Francisco Giants.
Calvert attended East Central High School in Tulsa before attending the University of Tulsa and playing baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="31028310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028310" title="Interplanetary contamination">
Interplanetary contamination

Interplanetary contamination refers to biological contamination of a planetary body by a space probe or spacecraft, either deliberate or unintentional.
There are two types of interplanetary contamination:
The main focus is on microbial life and on potentially invasive species. Non biological forms of contamination have also been considered including e.g. contamination of sensitive deposits (such as lunar polar ice deposits) of scientific interest by rocket exhausts. In the case of back contamination, multicellular life is thought unlikely but not been ruled out, and in case of forward contamination, then again, forward contamination by multicellular life (e.g. lichens) becomes a consideration if you have human missions though unlikely for robotic missions.
Current space missions are governed by the Outer Space Treaty and the COSPAR guidelines for planetary protection. Forward contamination is prevented primarily by sterilizing the spacecraft. In the case of backward contamination, however, the aim of the mission is to return biological material to Earth if such exists, and sterilization of the samples would make them of much less interest. So back contamination would be prevented mainly by containment, and breaking the chain of contact between the planet and Earth. It would also require quarantine procedures for the materials and for anyone who comes into contact with them.
Vulnerability of the solar system to contamination by life.
Most of the solar system seems to be hostile to life. However the debate about whether life exists elsewhere in the solar system has not been resolved and there are several locations where some possibility of it remains.
If such life exists then it may be vulnerable to contamination by Earth micro-organisms. If the life does not exist but the habitats exist, then the habitats are vulnerable to contamination too, which would transform them from their current pristine state.
There seems some potential for life to exist on the surface of Mars, certainly in the past when it was more habitable, and some think it is also possible that life still exists there today. Other locations where life might exist today include the ocean of liquid water beneath the icy surface of Europa, the interior of Enceladus which is currently sending water into space, and the possible ocean of liquid water which some astronomers believe might exist beneath the surface of Titan (its surface has oceans of liquid ethane / methane, but it may also have liquid water below the surface and ice volcanoes).
Some extremophiles are able to survive space travel to another planet, and it is believed that there are currently many dormant micro-organisms on the surface of Mars, for instance, protected within the rovers on the planet. So in that sense we have already contaminated Mars.
However it is believed that the contamination so far is only by dormant micro-organisms that have not yet encountered conditions that permit them to metabolize and reproduce. If so then our colonization may be biologically reversible. If needed, it may be possible in the future to remove all the life we have brought to Mars and return the planet to its previous biologically pristine state. This is a suggestion made by Christopher McKay.
Several studies have shown potential for life to survive on Mars if the conditions are right. In particular, certain lichens from the arctic permafrost are able to photosynthesize and grow in the absence of any liquid water, simply using the humidity from the atmosphere. They are also highly tolerant of UV radiation, using melanin and other more specialized chemicals to protect their cells. The air on Mars approaches 100% humidity in evening and morning, and at those times frosts form on the surface. These are also conditions which might make it possible for lichens to survive there.
On 26 April 2012, scientists reported that lichen survived and showed remarkable results on the adaptation capacity of photosynthetic activity within the simulation time of 34 days under Martian conditions in the Mars Simulation Laboratory (MSL) maintained by the German Aerospace Center (DLR).
Other studies have suggested the potential for life to survive using deliquescing salts. These, similarly to the lichens, use the humidity of the atmosphere. If the mixture of salts is right, then at times of high atmospheric humidity, they may support liquid water that is warm enough (warmer than about -25C) and with the salts dilute enough to be capable of supporting life, and that is also cold enough so that it doesn't immediately evaporate in the low atmospheric pressures of Mars. The salts and perchlorates required are known to exist on Mars, though whether they occur in the correct mixtures to support these marginally habitable deliquescing droplets and thin layers of salty brines is unknown.
Issues arising from biological contamination.
For instance the astrobionibbler is a sensitive tool proposed for Mars that would be able to detect a single amino acid in a gram of sample. If the sample is already contaminated by Earth life then discovery of an amino acid in it is of considerably less interest than if the sample is uncontaminated.
The same applies to other more complex biosignatures. Searches for biological remains of ancient life or life precursors using biosignatures would be much easier on an uncontaminated planet.
It might also be hard to tell the difference between native life and Earth introduced life, even after study of the DNA. Most species of micro-organism on Earth are not yet well understood or DNA sequenced. This particularly applies to the uncultivable archaea, and the majority of micro-organisms are uncultivable, and so hard to study. This can be either because they depend on the presence of other micro-organisms, or are slow growing, or depend on other conditions not yet well understood. In typical habitats, 99% of micro-organisms are uncultivable.
The same is true of species detected on spacecraft in clean rooms. The majority of the species detected are not well understood or characterized and can't be cultivated, and are known only from DNA fragments.
Life on other planets could have a common origin with Earth life, since in the early solar system there was much exchange of material between the planets which could have transferred life as well. If so it might be based on DNA too. On a contaminated planet, it might be hard to distinguish the DNA of extraterrestrial life from the DNA of life brought to the planet by our spacecraft, because of our incomplete knowledge of the DNA sequences of Earth micro-organisms.
One argument against this is that the native life would be more adapted to the conditions there. However we have experience on Earth that species moved from one continent to another may be able to outcompete the native life adapted to that continent, for instance for rabbits introduced to Australia able to outcompete the marsupials already there. The same may be true for micro-organisms introduced to other planets. Evolution on Earth might have explored biological pathways not explored by life on other planets and so be able to out compete it. (The same is also possible the other way around for back contamination).
Prevention of biological contamination.
Apollo missions.
All of the manned Apollo missions that landed on the Moon (11, 12, & 14-17) leave open the possibility of the contamination of the lunar surface by the astronauts when they exited the lunar module.
Surveyor 3.
The Surveyor 3 Moon probe, launched by NASA, may have had a camera lens contaminated by "Streptococcus mitis" before launch. This was discovered when the camera was returned to Earth by the Apollo 12 mission; however, the time of the contamination is inconclusive and may have occurred after the camera was returned to Earth.
Human colonization challenges.
Human colonization is of particular concern for interplanetary contamination.
The main challenges are
Humans are host to typically a hundred trillion micro-organisms in ten thousand species, and these can't be removed while preserving the life of the human. Containment seems the only option but effective containment to the same standard as a robotic rover seems hard to achieve with present day technology. In particular adequate containment in the event of a hard landing seems almost impossible to achieve.
Methods of human exploration that do not lead to contamination issues.
Telerobotics and telepresence give a method of exploration of a planet that do not have the same issues of forward and backward contamination. This could be of especial interest during early stages when the celestial body is not yet well understood. Humans in close orbit around the planet could control equipment on the surface in real time via telepresence, so bringing many of the benefits of a surface mission, without its associated increased forward and backward contamination risks.
In site resource utilization is possible in orbital missions as for surface missions e.g. using resources mined from Deimos in the case of Mars.
Back contamination issues.
Since the Moon is now generally considered to be free from life, the most likely source of contamination is from Mars either during a Mars sample return or as a result of colonization of Mars.
There are no immediate plans for a Mars sample return, but it remains a high priority for NASA and the ESA, because of its great potential biological interest. The European Space Foundation report cites many advantages of a Mars sample return. In particular, it would permit extensive analysis with any of the equipment available on Earth, without the size and weight constraints for instruments sent to Mars on rovers. These analyses could also be carried out without the communication delays for experiments carried out on Martian rovers. It would also make it possible to repeat experiments in multiple laboratories with different instruments to confirm key results.
Carl Sagan was first to raise and publicise back contamination issues that might follow from a Mars sample return. In Cosmic Connection (1973) he writes:
He makes the analogy of the plot twist in "The War of the Worlds", by H.G. Wells, where Earth pathogens made the Martian invaders of Earth sick and then they die. Perhaps, he suggests, the same could happen to us on Earth if we return samples containing micro-organisms from Mars. On the one hand, he points out, this possibility seems unlikely because of the lack of contact between the two planets and because pathogens adapt to their host. But on the other hand, the lack of contact also means that we would have never evolved any defences against any pathogens. Also, pathogens when they adapt to a host normally evolve to be less rather than more lethal, and some pathogens such as Legionnaire's disease have been known to attack humans without any period of adaptation to other animal hosts first.
This possibility has been confirmed in all the later studies, as the worst-case scenario. Other possibilities have also been raised such as micro-organisms that have harmful effects on crops, or that disrupt natural cycles, and pathogens that infect other micro-organisms.
As a result, the possibility of new human pathogens, or environmental disruption due to back contamination is considered to be of extremely low probability but can't yet be ruled out completely.
Later in Cosmos (1980) Carl Sagan wrote:
The PPO and NASA and ESA view is similar to this. The findings were that with present day technology, Martian samples can be safely returned to Earth provided the right precautions are taken.
Precautions suggested for sample return.
We have already had experience of sample return thought to be a back contamination risk, during the Apollo era, when samples were returned for the first time, by Apollo 11. At the time, it was thought that there was a low probability of life on the Moon. The precautions taken then were inadequate by modern standards, however. Also the regulations used then have been rescinded, and new regulations would be needed. A different approach would be needed for a modern sample return.
Chain of contact.
The sample return mission would be designed to break the chain of contact between Mars and the exterior of the sample container, for instance, by sealing the returned container inside another larger container in the vacuum of space before return to Earth. In order to eliminate the risk of parachute failure, the current plan is to return the capsule to the Earth without the use of parachutes: the capsule will fall at terminal velocity and the impact will be cushioned by the capsule's thermal protection system. The sample container will be designed to withstand the force of the impact.
Receiving facility.
To receive the returned samples, NASA has proposed to build a biohazard containment facility - known as the Mars Sample Return Receiving facility (MSRRF).
The proposed sample return facility must be a biohazard level 4 laboratory. However, it must also contain unknown biohazards and the sizes of any putative Martian micro-organisms are unknown. In consideration of this, the ESF proposed additional requirements. Ideally it should contain particles of 0.01 µm, or larger, and release of a particle 0.05 µm or larger is unacceptable under any circumstances.
The reason for this extremely small size limit of 0.01 µm is because of the consideration of Gene Transfer Agents (GTAs). These randomly incorporate segments of the host genome and can transfer them to other evolutionarily distant hosts, and do that without killing the new host. In this way many archaea and bacteria can swap DNA with each other. This raises the possibility that Martian life, if it has a common origin with Earth life in the distant past, could swap DNA with Earth micro-organisms in the same way.
In one striking experiment first reported in 2010, researchers left GTAs (conferring antibiotic resistance) and marine bacteria overnight in natural conditions and found that by the next day up to 47% of the bacteria had incorporated the genetic material from the GTAs.
The reason for the 0.05 µm limit is because of the discovery of ultramicrobacteria as small as 0.2 µm across, and bearing in mind that these smallest size limits may be reduced further in the future..
It also must double as a clean room to preserve the science value of the samples. The problem here is that, while it is relatively easy to simply contain the samples once returned to Earth, researchers would also want to remove parts of the sample and use them in experiments. During all these handling procedures, the samples would need to be contained to prevent contamination of Earth. However at the same time the samples would need to be kept free from contamination by Earth micro-organisms and biological material; even a single amino acid of Earth origin could confuse the analysis. This introduces conflicting requirements. They surely can be reconciled but to date, no facility has had to do this, so new building requirements would need to be imposed.
A clean room is normally kept at a higher pressure than the external environment to keep contaminants out, and a biohazard laboratory is kept at a lower pressure to keep the biohazards in. The challenge is to combine these in a single building. Solutions suggested include a triple walled containment facility, and one of the suggestions includes extensive use of robot handlers for the samples.
Timescale for building the facility.
The short timescale of two years used for the quarantine facilities for Apollo 11 is now considered to be too short and probably the main reason why the facilities failed to contain the samples adequately even by the standards of the time, with two failures of containment, one at splashdown and the other in Houston. The facility would be expected to some years from design to completion. Preliminary studies have warned that it may take as many as 7 to 10 years to get it operational and an additional two years is recommended for the staff to become accustomed to the facilities.
Dissenting views on back contamination issues.
The International Committee Against Mars Sample Return maintains that it is not possible to return samples to Earth safely at this stage. Their main reason for saying this is the novelty of the containment procedures required combined with the possibility of human error and mission design mistakes, either during the return flight or after return of the samples. They urge more in situ studies on Mars first, and preliminary biohazard testing in space before the samples are returned to Earth.
At the other extreme, Robert Zubrin (Mars surface colonization advocate and director of the Mars Society) maintains that the risk of back contamination has no scientific validity. He supports this using an argument based on the possibility of transfer of life from Earth to Mars on meteorites.
For more about these issues see Planetary Protection - Controversies
Alternatives to sample return.
Several exobiologists have suggested that a Mars sample return is not necessary at this stage, and that it is better to focus more on in situ studies on the surface first. Although it is not their main motivation, this approach of course also eliminates back contamination risks.
Some of these exobiologists advocate more in situ studies followed by a sample return in the near future. Others go as far as to advocate in situ study instead of a sample return at the present state of understanding of Mars.
Their reasoning is that life on Mars is likely to be hard to find. Any present day life is likely to be sparse and occur in only a few niche habitats. Past life is likely to be degraded by cosmic radiation over geological time periods if exposed in the top few meters of the Mars surface. Also, only certain special deposits of salts or clays on Mars would have the capability to preserve organics for billions of years. So, they argue, there is a high risk that a Mars sample return at our current stage of understanding would return samples that are no more conclusive about the origins of life on Mars or present day life than the Martian meteorite samples we already have.
Another consideration is the difficulty of keeping the sample completely free from Earth life contamination during the return journey and during handling procedures on Earth. This might make it hard to show conclusively that any biosignatures detected does not result from contamination of the samples.
Instead they advocate sending more sensitive instruments on Mars surface rovers. These could examine many different rocks and soil types, and search for biosignatures on the surface and so examine a wide range of materials which could not all be returned to Earth with current technology at reasonable cost.
A sample return to Earth would then be considered at a later stage, once we have a reasonably thorough understanding of conditions on Mars, and possibly have already detected life there, either modern or past life, though biosignatures and other in situ analysis.
Study via telepresence from Mars orbit, followed by return of the sample to Mars orbit.
During the “Exploration Telerobotics Symposium" in 2012 experts on telerobotics from industry, NASA and academics met to discuss telerobotics, and its applications to space exploration. Amongst other issues, particular attention was given to Mars missions and a Mars sample return.
They came to the conclusion that telerobotic approaches could permit direct study of the samples on the Mars surface via telepresence from Mars orbit, permitting rapid exploration and use of human cognition to take advantage of chance discoveries and feedback from the results obtained so far.
They found that telepresence exploration of Mars has many advantages. The astronauts have near real-time control of the robots, and can respond immediately to discoveries. It also prevents contamination both ways and has mobility benefits as well.
Return of the sample to orbit has the advantage that it permits analysis of the sample without delay, to detect volatiles that may be lost during a voyage home. This was the conclusion of a meeting of researchers at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in 2012.
Similar methods could be used to directly explore other biologically sensitive locations such as Europa, Titan, or Encladus, once a human presence in the vicinity becomes possible.

</doc>
<doc id="31028315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028315" title="Blatné (lake)">
Blatné (lake)

Blatné is a lake of Slovakia. It covers an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="31028325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028325" title="HUDF-JD2">
HUDF-JD2

HUDF-JD2 (UDF 033238.7 -274839.8) is a distant, massive, post-starburst galaxy
that was discovered with the Hubble Ultra Deep Field (HUDF) image. It was the most distant galaxy identified in the HUDF, in 2005. It is located at in the constellation of Eridanus.
In a 2005 search for very red galaxies in the HUDF that were not detected at wavelengths shorter than the near-infrared J band, two objects were detected. The second, initially designated UDF033238.7-274839.8, displayed a high redshift and showed characteristics of a post-starburst galaxy. The derived photometric redshift yielded "z" approximately equal to 6.5, which indicates it is most likely being viewed from a time when the Universe was only 830 million years old. The estimated bolometric luminosity of this galaxy is a trillion (1012) times the solar luminosity (the luminosity of the Sun) and it has a mass of approximately .
The spectrum of this object indicates that most of its energy is being emitted by stars with three solar masses or less. Hence, as larger stars will exist for shorter periods, this galaxy has an age of more than 300 million years. The period of initial active star formation in this galaxy may have lasted less than 100 million years, during which the galaxy likely participated in the reionization event.
The unusually high mass estimate for this object may be explained by other factors. If it has an active galactic nucleus, this may reduce the mass estimate to half the current value. The estimate could also be effected by gravitational lensing, although it is too far away from the nearest visible object that could produce that effect: a foreground spiral galaxy located 7″.3 distant.

</doc>
<doc id="31028326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028326" title="Devínske">
Devínske

Devínske is a lake in Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="31028352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028352" title="Turn Your Radio On (album)">
Turn Your Radio On (album)

Turn Your Radio On was Ray Stevens' eighth studio album and his third for Barnaby Records, released in 1972. Unlike Stevens' previous album releases, this album shows Stevens' spiritual side and was his first album of gospel. The composing of the fourth track, "Let Your Love Be a Light unto the People" was written by Stevens' brother, John Ragsdale. The sixth track, "Have a Little Talk With Myself," was taken from Stevens' album of the same name. The album includes four singles, three of which were issued before this album's release: "A Mama and a Papa," the traditional gospel song "All My Trials," the title track and "Love Lifted Me", the last of which did not chart.
The album was reissued by CBS Records in 1982.
On November 15, 2005, Collectables Records re-released this album and his 1975 album "Misty" together on one CD.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="31028357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028357" title="Hlboké (lake)">
Hlboké (lake)

Hlboké is a lake in Slovakia. It is noted for its windsurfing.

</doc>
<doc id="31028366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028366" title="Estadio Florentino Oropeza">
Estadio Florentino Oropeza

Estadio Florentino Oropeza is a multi-use stadium in San Felipe, Venezuela. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Yaracuyanos FC of the Venezuelan Primera División. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31028374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028374" title="Sevil Soyer">
Sevil Soyer

Sevil Soyer (born 1950) is a Turkish artist. She was born in Turkey and graduated in 1979 from the Mimar Sinan University of Fine Arts.
In 1993 Sevil Soyer and Onay Sozer (a philosophy professor in Istanbul University) worked together on the manifesto of “Inter-disciplinary-art”. In 1994 Soyer created the “Ah Guzel Istanbul” (Interdisciplinary Art Exhibition) with 40 Turkish artists. This exhibition was supported by the Ministry of Culture of Turkey. 
At the end of 1999, Sevil Soyer went to Michigan, USA. She continued her art work in Finlandia University with sculpture and fiber, and in 2004 she founded an art gallery and worked with the local artists.
In 2007 she set up an art and glass studio in Istanbul and has done flame work and painting in this studio.
Soyer has had solo exhibitions and group exhibitions along with several installations in Turkey and the United States.
Soyer’s contemporary figurative paintings make use of oil color and acrylic techniques. Her paintings are in private, national, and international collections.
She has been a member of the UNESCO-Association Internationale des Arts Plastiques since 2003.
Exhibitions.
Solo exhibitions.
• 2007-2008 “Scrapbook” Mixed media Painting Exhibition – Turquoise Art Gallery, Michigan, USA
• 1987 “Painting Exhibition” – Vakko Art Gallery, Istanbul, Turkey
• 1983 “Painting Exhibition” – Bodrum Underwater Archeological Museum, Bodrum, Turkey
• 1983 Turkuvaz Art Gallery, Ankara, Turkey
• 1979 Taksim Art Gallery, Istanbul, Turkey
• 1977 Taksim Art Gallery, Istanbul, Turkey
• 1977 Izmir Painting and Sculpture Museum, Turkey
Installations and interdisciplinary art exhibitions.
• 2003 “Purple Rain” 2nd Interdisciplinary Art Performance by Sevil Soyer – Turquoise Art Gallery, Michigan, USA
• 1995 “Prolog” Installation – Uludağ University Fine Arts Faculty, Bursa, Turkey
• 1994 “Oh, Beautiful Istanbul” The 1st Interdisciplinary Art Performance by Sevil Soyer, Yildiz Palace, Istanbul, Turkey
• 1994 “Made in Sections II” Installation – Istanbul Technical University, Istanbul, Turkey
• 1994 “Made in Sections I” Crossings – Installation - Istanbul, Turkey
• 1979 “Istanbul 2nd Art Festival” Installation – Istanbul, Turkey
Group exhibitions.
• 2000 “Corridor” Group Painting Exhibition – Manhattan, New York, USA
• 1995 “Masters of Masters” Painting Exhibition – Istanbul, Turkey
• 1983 “4th Contemporary Art Festival” – Istanbul, Turkey
• 1982 “Our Studio” Painting Exhibition – Istanbul, Turkey
• 1981 “Abdi Ipekci Painting Exhibition” – Istanbul, Turkey
• 1980 “Golden Palette Painting Competition and Exhibition”– Istanbul, Turkey 
• 1980 "DYO Painting Exhibition” – Istanbul, Turkey
• 1979 “Our Studio”Painting Exhibition – Taksim, Istanbul, Turkey
• 1978 “DYO Painting Exhibition” – Istanbul, Turkey
• 1976 “Istanbul Archeological Museum Painting Competition&Exhibition” – Istanbul, Turkey 
• 1974 “DYO Painting Exhibition” – Istanbul, Turkey
• 1973 “7 Artists”Painting Exhibition – Darussafaka Art Gallery, Istanbul, Turkey
• 1973 “Our Studio”Painting Exhibition – Konya, Turkey
• 1973 “DYO Painting Exhibition” – Istanbul, Turkey
• 1973 “State Painting and Sculpture Exhibition” – Istanbul, Turkey
• 1972 “Our Studio”Painting Exhibition – Bursa, Turkey
• 1972 “Our Studio”Painting Exhibition – Balikesir, Turkey
Awards.
• 3rd Place Award 1980 “Golden Palette Painting Competition and Exhibition”– Istanbul, Turkey 
• 1st Place Award. 1976 “Istanbul Archeological Museum Painting Competition & Exhibition” – Istanbul, Turkey

</doc>
<doc id="31028378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028378" title="Arthur Caron">
Arthur Caron

Arthur Caron (? - July 4, 1914) was a French Canadian anarchist and a member of the Industrial Workers of the World. He masterminded an attempt to assassinate John D. Rockefeller. He was killed along with Carl Hanson, and Charles Berg on July 4, 1914 when his bomb prematurely exploded.

</doc>
<doc id="31028395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028395" title="Izra (lake)">
Izra (lake)

Izra is a lake of Slovakia. It covers an area of 3.7 hectares and is 250 m long and 210m wide.

</doc>
<doc id="31028396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028396" title="Estadio Municipal Carlos Vidaurre García">
Estadio Municipal Carlos Vidaurre García

Estadio Municipal Carlos Vidaurre García is a multi-use stadium in Tarapoto, Peru. It is used mostly for football matches, on club level by Unión Comercio of the Peruvian Primera División. The stadium has a capacity of 18,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31028400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028400" title="2011 Challenger ATP de Salinas Diario Expreso – Doubles">
2011 Challenger ATP de Salinas Diario Expreso – Doubles

Jonathan Marray and Jamie Murray were the defending champions, but decided not to participate.<br>
Facundo Bagnis and Federico del Bonis defeated 1st seeds Rogério Dutra da Silva and João Souza 6–2, 6–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31028410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028410" title="Yossi Sheffi">
Yossi Sheffi

Yossi Sheffi is Elisha Gray II Professor of Engineering Systems at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and an expert in systems optimization, risk analysis and supply chain management. He authored two books, founded or co-founded five companies and is frequently quoted in the press.
Life and work.
Yossi Sheffi has served as the Director of the MIT Center for Transportation and Logistics since 1992. From 2007 to 2012 he was the Director of the MIT Engineering Systems Division, where he set a strategy, revamped the PhD program, and set the division for future growth. He is the founding Director of MIT's Master of Supply Chain Management degree, established in 1998. Under his leadership, CTL has launched many new educational, research, and industry/government outreach programs, expanding the global reach of the center. He led this international expansion of CTL by launching the Supply Chain and Logistics Excellence (SCALE) global network of academic centers of education and research. The network includes centers modeled after CTL in Zaragoza, Spain; Bogota, Colombia; and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. In 2003 he launched the Zaragoza Logistics Center, situated in PLAZA, the largest logistics park in Europe. In 2008 he launched the Center for Latin-American Logistics Innovation in Bogota, Colombia. In 2011 he launched the Malaysia Logistics Innovation Institute in Kuala Lumpur. Sheffi obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology in 1975, Master of Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1977 and his Ph.D. from MIT in 1978.
Publications.
Sheffi is the author of three books: "Urban Transportation Networks," a textbook on transportation networks optimization (Prentice Hall, October 1985), "The Resilient Enterprise: Overcoming Vulnerability for Competitive Advantage" (MIT Press, October 2005) and "Logistics Clusters: Delivering Value and Driving Growth" (MIT Press October 2012) .
"The Wall St. Journal", in a review of "The Resilient Enterprise...," said the book is “the timely analysis of an important – and often overlooked – aspect of business strategy. Mr. Sheffi argues that crisis control can be a competitive advantage for companies that get it right."
"The Resilient Enterprise..." was selected by the "Financial Times" as one of the best Business Books of 2005. “...Sheffi shows managers how to build flexibility into all areas of their businesses,” the review said.
The book also received “Book of the Year” award in the category of Business and Economics from Forward magazine.
Academic publications include:
Non academic publications include:
Entrepreneurship.
Yossi Sheffi has founded and co-founded five successful companies:
Media appearances.
In an interview with CIO Magazine entitled “Captain Contingency”, Sheffi gave his views on what companies should be doing to emulate firms like Wal-Mart and The Home Depot that perform well in natural disasters. “...Communication is key and I’ve found that resilient companies communicate obsessively.”
In a 2009 interview with the MIT Sloan Management Review, Sheffi said that economics would take precedence over the environment in the short term: “The next two, three years will be utterly dominated by the financial crisis, so I’m really hesitant to talk beyond that because every decision counts...For companies, it will boil down to having to make money.”
In a December 28, 2009 New York Times op-ed article on Airport Security prompted by the near-miss attack on a Detroit-bound plane by a Nigerian man, Sheffi stated: “We were lucky that in addition to the malfunctioning bomb, there were no further attacks — so treating the terrorist as a common criminal did not cause more disasters. But would this be the same next time?”
Other interviews and profiles:
In 2010 Sheffi participated in CNBC’s Executive Vision program dealing with global logistics. He explained the role of logistics software in creating the efficiency of the global logistics companies.
On November 2010, Sheffi was interviewed on Bloomberg Television in a segment dealing with air security cargo. He analyzed the possibilities and costs of increased cargo scanning on cargo planes.
On December Sheffi was interviewed on CNN’s Anderson Cooper 360, explaining the reasons for the airline delays that hit the US Northeast. A more complete explanation was published by the MIT Press blog.
Most recently, Sheffi weighed in on the question of security for international flights that cross but do not touch down in the United States in The Washington Post. “We have tens of millions of packages flying almost every night," Sheffi said. “…There has to be a balance between acceptable risk and economics."

</doc>
<doc id="31028414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028414" title="Estadio Metropolitano Ciudad de Itagüí">
Estadio Metropolitano Ciudad de Itagüí

Estadio Metropolitano Ciudad de Itagüí is a multi-use stadium in Itagüí, Colombia. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Itagüí S.A. of the Categoría Primera A. The stadium has a capacity of 12,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31028436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028436" title="Taiye Selasi">
Taiye Selasi

Taiye Selasi (born 2 November 1979) is a writer and photographer of Nigerian and Ghanaian origin.
Early life and education.
Selasi was born in London, England, and raised in Brookline, Massachusetts, the elder of twin daughters in a family of physicians. She graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa with a BA in American Studies from Yale, and earned her MPhil in International Relations from Nuffield College, Oxford.
Taiye means first twin in her mother's native Yoruba.
Selasi's twin sister, Dr. Yetsa Kehinde Tuakli, is a physiatrist in the US. A passionate champion of African paralympians, Tuakli competes in the long jump for Ghana's national team. Selasi's mother, Dr. Juliette Tuakli, is a pediatrician in Ghana. Renowned for her advocacy of children's rights, she sits on the board of United Way. Selasi's father, Dr. Lade Wosornu, is a surgeon in Saudi Arabia. Considered one of Ghana's foremost public intellectuals, he has published numerous volumes of poetry.
Selasi's parents split when she was an infant. She met her biological father at the age of 12.
Career.
In 2005 "The LIP Magazine" published "Bye-Bye, Babar (Or: What is an Afropolitan?)", Selasi's seminal text on Afropolitans. The same year she penned a play, which was produced at a small theater by Dr. Avery Willis, Toni Morrison's niece. 
In 2006 Morrison gave Selasi a one-year deadline; she wrote "The Sex Lives of African Girls" to meet it. The story, published by UK literary magazine "Granta" in 2011, appears in "Best American Short Stories 2012".
In 2010 Ann Godoff at Penguin Press bought Selasi's unfinished novel. "Ghana Must Go" was published in 2013 to much critical attention. Selected as one of the 10 Best Books of 2013 by the "Wall Street Journal" and "The Economist", it has been sold in 20 countries as of 2014.
In 2012 Selasi launched a documentary series about African millennials in Central, Sahel, North, South, East and West Africa.
In 2013 she was selected as one of "Granta"′s 20 Best Young British Writers".
In April 2014 she was named on the Hay Festival's Africa39 list of 39 Sub-Saharan African writers under the age of 40 with the potential and talent to define trends in African literature.

</doc>
<doc id="31028438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028438" title="Wolfgang von Bostell">
Wolfgang von Bostell

Wolfgang Hans Heiner Paul von Bostell (25 February 1917 – 10 May 1991) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Wolfgang von Bostell was captured by Soviet troops in May 1945 and was held until October 1953. During his career, he was credited with the destruction of 48 tanks and armoured vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="31028445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028445" title="Vivian Zahl Olsen">
Vivian Zahl Olsen

Vivian Zahl Olsen (born 1942) is a Norwegian illustrator, educated from the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry. She has contributed to several television series for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, including "Fru Pigalopp", "Flode" and "Puslespill", and illustrated around seventy books. She was awarded the Jacob Prize in 1980, and the Cappelen Prize in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="31028446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028446" title="Christchurch Recovery Map">
Christchurch Recovery Map

The Christchurch Recovery Map, also known as eq.org.nz, was a short-lived website providing crowdsourced information about the Christchurch Earthquake of 22 February 2011. The site aggregated information via email, tweets with an #eqnz hashtag, SMS and a locally-hosted web form. The site was built with open source tools and active support from CrisisCommons and Ushahidi.
As well as providing information, the volunteers hosting the site provided much of the technical infrastructure behind the Student Volunteer Army. The site became a major source of public information. Within its first week of operation, it had received approximately 100,000 unique visitors. and nzherald.co.nz, as well as Google Crisis Response's and the Trademe's website. As mainstream agencies responded to the quake, other forms of communication became established and the need for a grass roots website subsided. The website is no longer updated as the normal information channels have resumed, and recommends an alternative website.
The website does not appear in the Wayback Machine. The "Christchurch Recovery Map" is unrelated to a previous "Emotional Intelligence" website on the same domain that was harvested by the Wayback Machine.

</doc>
<doc id="31028453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028453" title="Arke (mythology)">
Arke (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Arke or Arce was a daughter of Thaumas and sister of Iris. She is sometimes affiliated with the faded second rainbow. She is said to have iridescent wings, compared to Iris's golden wings. During the Titanomachy, she betrayed the Olympian gods and joined the Titans against them, becoming the Titans' messenger goddess. When the Olympians won, Zeus deprived Arke of her wings and cast her into Tartarus, together with the other vanquished Titans. Arke's wings were later given to Peleus and Thetis as a gift on their wedding day; Thetis later gave them to her son Achilles, which is where his surname Podarces (literally "swift-footed", as if from πούς, gen. ποδός "foot" + the name of Arke) was thought to have come from.

</doc>
<doc id="31028454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028454" title="Francis Lewis (disambiguation)">
Francis Lewis (disambiguation)

Francis Lewis is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31028484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028484" title="Inna Ryzhykh">
Inna Ryzhykh

Inna Ryzhykh (Ukrainian Інна Володимирівна Рижих; born 15 November 1985 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian Дніпропетровськ) is a professional Ukrainian triathlete, silver medalist at the Ukrainian Championships 2010, and a permanent member of the National Team.
At the "European Polioce Championships" in Kitzbuhel (15 August 2010), Ryzhykh placed 3rd in the individual ranking and 1st in the team ranking together with Yuliya Sapunova and Victoria Kachan.
ITU Competitions.
In the six years from 2005 to 2010, Ryzhykh took part in 21 ITU competitions and achieved 4 top ten positions.
The following list is based upon the official ITU rankings and the "Athlete's Profile Page."
Unless indicated otherwise, the following events are triathlons (Olympic Distance) and belong to the "Elite" category.

</doc>
<doc id="31028489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028489" title="Frankie Gavin (musician)">
Frankie Gavin (musician)

Frankie Gavin is a fiddle player of traditional Irish music.
Early years.
Frankie Gavin was born in 1956 in Corrandulla, County Galway, from a musical family; his parents and siblings being players of the fiddle and accordion. As a child he played the tin whistle from the age of four and, later, the flute. He received some formal training in music, but his musical ability on the fiddle is mainly self-taught. When 17 years old, he gained first place in both the All Ireland Under-18 Fiddle and Flute competitions.
Music career.
In the early 1970s Gavin played musical sessions at Galway's Cellar Bar, with Alec Finn (bouzouki, guitar), Mickey Finn (fiddle), Charlie Piggott (banjo), and Johnnie (Ringo) McDonagh (bodhrán). In 1974, from these and further sessions, he founded the group De Dannan with Alec Finn. 
When De Dannan split-up in 2003, Gavin founded a new group, Frankie Gavin and The New De Dannan, which led to an acrimonious exchange between Gavin and Finn, with the latter claiming to have registered the 'De Dannan' name.
Gavin has also played and recorded with Andy Irvine, The Rolling Stones, Elvis Costello, Stéphane Grappelli, and Frankie Goes to Hollywood, and in 2010 became reputedly the fastest fiddle-player in the world, with an entry in the Guinness Book of Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31028494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028494" title="Lake Sonfon">
Lake Sonfon

Lake Sonfon, also known as Lake Confon, is a fresh water mountain lake in Diang, Sierra Leone of religious and cultural significance. The nearest towns are Kabala that is 60km to the north and Benugu that is 40 km to the south. It is located in the hills of the Sula Mountains at an altitude of above sea level. Sonfon drains from its southern end, which forms the start of the Pampana River, and is fed by seven small streams with its water level varying considerably during the year. The Lake has a maximum depth of and with an area of is Sierra Leone's largest inland lake.
Gold deposits are found in the rocks of Lake Sonfon and in alluvial deposits in the area. Only the alluvial deposits are being worked employing 15,000 miners around the Lake. This mining is causing the level of water in the lake to decrease.
Although the Sonfon is not well surveyed 105 species of birds have been identified at the lake including the Iris Glossy-starling, the Dybowski's Twinspot, the Splendid Sunbird, the Red-faced Pytilia and the Pied-winged Swallow. Animals that live at the lake include endangered Pygmy Hippopotamus, Black Duikers and Maxwell's Duikers. In the dry season the lake is completely covered with vegetation. The hill environment around the lake consist of forests, wooded savanah, grassland and farmbush. The Lake is a key conservation area and a proposed protected area but as of 2011 there is no protection in place. 
Lake Sonfon is considered sacred in traditional belief with local people carrying out cultural ceremonies along its shore. Offerings, including rice and food, are floated into the lake on calabashes. In traditional belief the lake is symbolically intermittent, as well as being intermittent in terms of the amount of water in the dry season and a powerful Djinn lives in the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="31028501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028501" title="CoRoT-13b">
CoRoT-13b

CoRoT-13b is a transiting exoplanet found by the CoRoT space telescope on 12 July 2010. 
It is an extremely hot Jupiter-like planet with an orbital period of 4.04 earth days, that is around 4257.5 light years away. Its mass is equivalent to 1.308 Jupiter masses, 0.9 Jupiter radii, and has a density of 2.34 g cm 3. CoRoT-13b orbits a G0V star with Te = 5 945K, M = 1.09M, R = 1.01R, solar metallicity. It has a lithium content of +1.45 dex, and an estimated age between 0.12 and 3.15 Gyr. The lithium abundance of the star is consistent with its e ective temperature, activity level, and age range derived from the stellar analysis. The planet's density is extreme for its amount of mass. It implies the existence of an amount of heavy elements with a mass between about 140 and 300M.

</doc>
<doc id="31028505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028505" title="Esporte Clube Milan">
Esporte Clube Milan

Esporte Clube Milan, commonly known as Milan, is a Brazilian football club based in Júlio de Castilhos, Rio Grande do Sul state.
History.
The club was founded on March 7, 1989, after Esporte Clube Castilhense and Sociedade Esportiva Cometa merged. They competed in the Campeonato Gaúcho Second Level for the first time in 1995 competing again in 1996.
Stadium.
Esporte Clube Milan play their home games at Estádio Miguel Wairich Filho. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 1,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31028549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028549" title="Juanito Navarro">
Juanito Navarro

Juan Navarro Rubinos (July 8, 1924 – January 10, 2011), better known as Juanito Navarro, was a Spanish film, theater and television actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31028582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028582" title="List of Michigan State Historic Sites in Jackson County, Michigan">
List of Michigan State Historic Sites in Jackson County, Michigan

The following is a list of Michigan State Historic Sites in Jackson County, Michigan. Sites marked with a dagger (†) are also listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, Michigan.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31028588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028588" title="Grabbist Hillfort">
Grabbist Hillfort

Grabbist hillfort is an Iron Age oval hillfort west of Dunster in Somerset, England. The fort is long and wide, and is surrounded by a counterscarp, which measures in height. It is also surrounded by a ditch, which ranges up to wide and deep. The bank has a peak height of , and, on the northern and western sides, there is a second bank, which leads to the northeastern corner being the most strongly defended.

</doc>
<doc id="31028643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028643" title="Cardaces">
Cardaces

The Cardaces (or Kardakes) were a unit of the Achaemenid Persian army. They were formed some time before the Macedonian invasion as a professional heavy infantry unit, intended probably to supplement the Greek mercenaries the Persian armies had become heavily dependent upon.
The Cardaces took part in the battles of Issus and Gaugamela, without much success.
There is much debate among the historians about the armament and mode of operation of the Cardaces.

</doc>
<doc id="31028650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028650" title="USS SC-20">
USS SC-20

USS "SC-20", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 20" or USS "S.C. 20", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-17" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 18 October 1917 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 20", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 20".
"S.C. 20" was assigned to the Third Naval District for patrol duties during World War I.
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 20" was classified as SC-20 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-20".
Sometime in 1920, the Navy transferred "SC-20" to the United States Department of War for service with the United States Army.

</doc>
<doc id="31028659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028659" title="Grosso Aircraft Easy Eagle 1">
Grosso Aircraft Easy Eagle 1

The Great Plains Aircraft Easy Eagle is a single seat homebuilt aircraft biplane powered by a Volkswagen air-cooled engine.
Design and development.
The Grosso Aircraft Easy Eagle 1 was designed by Ron Grosso, The production rights were sold to Great Plains Aircraft Supply Company. 
The Easy Eagle 1 is built with a steel tube fuselage that is fabric covered.
The wings are all wooden construction. It uses the same one piece, all-aluminum landing gear as the Monnett Sonerai uses.
The Easy Eagle is built from plans, there is no kit available.

</doc>
<doc id="31028662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028662" title="Ivan Lexa">
Ivan Lexa

Ivan Lexa, Ing. (* August 18, 1961 in Bratislava) is the former head of the Slovak Secret Service from 1995 to 1998. One of the closest allies of the former autocratic Prime Minister of Slovakia Vladimír Mečiar, under Lexa the Secret Service committed numerous high-profile politically motivated crimes.
In 2000, Ivan Lexa fled Slovakia and became an international fugitive and target of an intense search by the Interpol. He was captured in 2002 in Umhlanga, South Africa and extradited back to Slovakia. In the meantime, Lexa changed his looks, losing weight and gaining muscle and tan, making his appearance the focus of cover pages in Slovak media. Slovak courts have never found Ivan Lexa guilty of any wrongdoing and in two cases Lexa was covered by the amnesties granted by then acting President Vladimír Mečiar. 
Life and career.
Ivan Lexa was born into an influential and wealthy family, his father Vladimír Lexa senior was a minister in communist Czechoslovakia. He studied inorganic technology at CHTF SVŠT. Later he was employed in the Slovnaft refinery.
Political career.
In January 1991, Prime minister Vladimír Mečiar made Ivan Lexa the head of the Office of the Government of Slovakia. After Mečiar's political party HZDS won the election in 1992, he was reinstated in this position. In 1993, Mečiar's government tried to make Ivan Lexa the Minister of Privatisation, something that is in the competence of the President of Slovakia. President Michal Kováč however refused to elect him, saying 
To walk around this obstacle, the government made Lexa the Deputy head of the Ministry of Privatisation, while letting the post of Minister vacant, making Lexa "de facto" run the Ministry.
Slovak Secret Service.
After the Slovak parliamentary election, 1994, members of the parliament representing HZDS arranged for a change in the law, making the parliament elect the head of the Slovak Secret Service, instead of the President. On April 18, 1995 Vladimír Mečiar named Ivan Lexa the Director of Slovak Secret Service. 
In this position he began several operations, some of which have since been published in the Slovak media. 
On April 9, 1999, the Slovak parliament elected to take away Lexa's immunity as a member of parliament, and handed him over to the police for suspicion of abduction, robbery, not announcing the theft of a vehicle, feigned buying of a painting, helping in placing an explosive system and for the unlawful holding of a spying device. 
Ivan Lexa was put in jail on April 15, 1999 and released, after 95 days, on July 19, 1999. Afterwards Lexa checked sick at work (the parliament) and disappeared. As efforts to locate him were unsuccessful and on July 10, 2000, Interpol started a world-wide search.

</doc>
<doc id="31028666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028666" title="1954 Syrian coup d'état">
1954 Syrian coup d'état

Background.
With December 1951 coup, Colonel Adib Shishakli took power, forming a military authocracy. As the leader of Syria, Adib Shishakli recognized the desires of Syria's Arab majority, and accordingly adopted a policy of pan-Arabism. He clashed frequently with the independent-minded Druze minority on the Jabal Druze mountain, accusing them of wanting to topple his regime using funds from Jordan, and in 1954 resorted to shelling Druze strongholds to put down resistance to his rule.
The overthrow of Shishakli.
Growing discontent eventually led to a coup, in which Shishakli was overthrown in February 1954. The plotters included members of the Syrian Communist Party, Druze officers, Ba'ath Party members, and possibly had Iraqi backing. He had also arrested a lot of active officers in the Syrian Army, including the rising young Adnan al-Malki, also a prominent Baathist. Leading the anti-Shishakli movement were former President Atassi and the veteran Druze leader Sultan al-Atrash. The largest anti-Shishakli conference had been held in Atassi's home in Homs. Shishakli had responded by arresting Atassi and Atrash's sons, Adnan and Mansur (both of whom were ranking politicians in Syria).
When the insurgency reached its peak, Shishakli backed down, refusing to drag Syria into civil war. He fled to Lebanon, but when the Druze leader Kamal Jumblat threatened to have him killed, he fled to Brazil.
Aftermath.
After the overthrow of President Shishakli in 1954 coup, he continued political maneuvering supported by competing factions in the military eventually brought Arab nationalist and socialist elements to power. The early years of independence were marked by political instability. Prior to the union between Syria and Egypt in 1958, Shishakli toyed with the idea of returning to Syria to launch a coup d'état, using funds provided by Iraq. The coup was foiled by Syrian intelligence and Shishakli was sentenced to death "in absentia".

</doc>
<doc id="31028688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028688" title="Dov-Ber">
Dov-Ber

Dov Ber or Dov-Ber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31028692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028692" title="Inger Margrethe Gaarder">
Inger Margrethe Gaarder

Inger Margrethe Gaarder (1926 – 1993) was a Norwegian children's writer.
She made her literary debut in 1977 with the children's book "Nikolai begynner på skolen". She published books with myths and fairy tales from Sri Lanka and from India, and contributed to textbooks for primary school. 
She was the mother of Jostein Gaarder. She was awarded the Cappelen Prize in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31028701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028701" title="Dimovo Municipality">
Dimovo Municipality

Dimovo Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Dimovo. 
The municipality embraces a territory of 402.87 km² with a population of 7,175 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
The main road E79 crosses the area, connecting the province centre of Vidin with the city of Montana and respectively with the western operating part of Hemus motorway.
Settlements.
Dimovo Municipality includes the following 23 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="31028705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028705" title="Maja Keuc">
Maja Keuc

Maja Keuc (born January 16, 1992 in Maribor, Slovenia), is a singer who represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "No One".
During her childhood, she joined the "English student theatre" where she got a lot of stage experience including singing, dancing and playing instruments. In 2010, Maja competed in the talent show "Slovenija ima talent" "(Slovenia's Got Talent)" and finished as a runner-up to a 7-year-old girl Lina Kuduzović.

</doc>
<doc id="31028708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028708" title="Rebecca Brewton Motte">
Rebecca Brewton Motte

Rebecca Brewton Motte (1737–1815) was a plantation owner in South Carolina, patriot in the American Revolution, namesake of Fort Motte and mother-in-law of Major-General Thomas Pinckney.
Early Life and Marriage.
Rebecca was the daughter of Robert Brewton a wealthy resident of Charleston, South Carolina. She married Jacob Motte (1729–1780) in 1758. Jacob was a plantation owner and involved in politics. The Mottes had seven children two of whom died young and two daughters who married Thomas Pinckney in 1779 and 1797.
The Mottes were living at Fairfield Plantation (Charleston County, South Carolina) on the South Santee River outside of Charleston by 1758 and also in town until Jacob died of illness in 1780 leaving Rebecca to inherit the plantation and 244 slaves.
Revolutionary War Era.
Rebecca's brother Miles Brewton (1731–1789) also died during the Revolution; he and his family were lost at sea on their way to Philadelphia - he having been elected to the second Provincial Congress. Miles had owned up to eight ships and was soon
South Carolina's largest slave dealer as well as one of the wealthiest families in the province. He had numerous plantations (growing rice and indigo) including Mt. Joseph (later known as Fort Motte).
In 1765 Miles had begun building a lavish home in King Street in Charleston that still stands today beautifully preserved and known as the Miles Brewton House. Upon the deaths of her husband and brother, Rebecca was one of (if not the) wealthiest people in South Carolina in the Revolutionary War Era.
The family were supporters of the American Revolution and supplied soldiers with rice, beef, pork, corn, and fodder from 1778-1783. During the war, she and her children were living in her brother's former town house when it was commandeered as British headquarters. She soon left for the comparative safety of Mt. Joseph plantation on the Congaree River outside of town.
On June 13, 1776 after the Battle of Fort Moultrie, the women of Charleston presented the second regiment of the Continental Army "a pair of silken colors, one of blue, one of red, richly embroidered by their own hands; and Susanna Smith Elliott, a scion of one of the oldest families of the colony, who, being left on orphan, had been brought up by Rebecca Brewton Motte, stepped forth to the front of the intrepid band in matronly beauty, young and stately, light-haired, with eyes of mild expression, and a pleasant countenance, and, as she put the flags into the hands of Moultrie and Motte, she said in a low, sweet voice: 'Your gallant behavior in defense of liberty and your country entitles you to the highest honors; accept these two standards as a reward justly due to your regiment; and I make not the least doubt, under heaven's protection, you will stand by them as long as they can wave in the air of liberty.'" 
In June 1780 the British occupied Belleville Plantation near Mt. Joseph even though the latter held a more commanding view of the river, possibly because of a smallpox scare. By December 1780 Rebecca and her daughters, one being Elizabeth with her infant who was the wife of Thomas Pinckney, and others were at Mt. Joseph. Thomas was there too, recuperating, having been wounded in August fighting at the Battle of Camden with General Gates. In January 1781 the Pinckney family left for Charleston then Philadelphia with other captured American officers awaiting possible exchange. Shortly thereafter, the British left Belleville and encamped at Mt. Joseph and began to fortify the house and surrounds. Rebecca's entourage then moved to the overseer's house.
Brigadier General Francis "Swamp Fox" Marion and Lt. Col. Henry Lee III of Virginia were sent by General Nathanael Greene to capture Fort Motte in what became known as the Siege of Fort Motte. They arrived in May 1781 with about 400 men and an artillery piece. After five days of attack, Marion and Lee decided to burn the house which had a dry wood shingle roof. Mrs. Motte didn't hesitate to "burn her home" and even provided the arrows which would be lit and shot onto the roof of her house.
Later life.
In the 1790s Rebecca Motte continued to manage her affairs after paying off her family's war debts. She and son-law Thomas Pinckney also built the rice plantation, Eldorado Plantation (Charleston County, South Carolina), (now in ruins) on the South Santee River downstream from her first Santee home "Fairfield". There she lived out her days with some of her grandchildren who remembered the old arrow quiver holding her knitting needles hanging on the back of her chair.

</doc>
<doc id="31028715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028715" title="Reserved track">
Reserved track

Reserved track, in tram transport terminology, is track on ground exclusively for trams. Unlike street running track embedded in streets and roads, reserved track does not need to take into account the transit of other wheeled vehicles, pedestrians, bicyclists or horses. It is the cheapest form of tram track to install (not counting land acquisition costs), and usually is constructed like railway track with conventional sleepers (railroad ties).

</doc>
<doc id="31028718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028718" title="Spartan C2">
Spartan C2

__NOTOC__
The Spartan C2 is a light aircraft produced in the United States in the early 1930s as a low-cost sport machine that would sell during the Great Depression. 
Design and development.
The C2 is a conventional, low-wing monoplane design with two seats side-by-side in an open cockpit. The wing was braced with struts and wires and it carried the main units of the divided fixed undercarriage. Power was supplied by a small radial engine mounted tractor-fashion in the nose, which drove a two-bladed propeller.
Spartan introduced the C2 in 1931 with a 55-hp engine, and sold 16 examples before ongoing economic circumstances brought production to a halt. Spartan then built 2 examples with 165-hp engines to use in their own flying school. These latter aircraft were fitted with hoods that could be closed over the cockpit for training pilots in instrument flying. Spartan offered this version to the U.S. military as a trainer, but officials at the time believed that low-wing monoplanes were unsuitable for pilot training. Spartan also tendered a proposal to the U.S. Bureau of Air Commerce to provide its inspectors with a two-seat light aircraft. The design in question was probably the C2-60, but in any case, the tender was not accepted. 
Aircraft on display.
Three C2s are preserved in museums ­— a restored example on display at the Tulsa Air and Space Museum, a restored and flyable example at the Western Antique Aeroplane & Automobile Museum in Hood River, Oregon, and an example awaiting restoration at the Golden Wings Flying Museum, Blaine, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="31028733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028733" title="Wyandot">
Wyandot

Wyandot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31028752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028752" title="Estadio Jorge &quot;Cuty&quot; Monge">
Estadio Jorge &quot;Cuty&quot; Monge

Estadio Jorge "Cuty" Monge is a multi-use stadium in Desamparados, Costa Rica. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Brujas F.C. of the Primera División de Costa Rica. The stadium has a capacity of 5,500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31028757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028757" title="Thomas W. Parks">
Thomas W. Parks

Thomas W. Parks (born March 16, 1939 in Buffalo, New York) is an American electrical engineer and Professor Emeritus of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Cornell University. He is best known for his contributions to digital signal processing, especially digital filter design and computation of the fast Fourier transform. His recent work is in the area of demosaicing.
Academic career.
Tom Parks received his bachelors in electrical engineering from Cornell in 1961. He worked for General Electric for two years, then returned to Cornell to earn his masters and PhD degrees. Upon graduation in 1967 he joined the electrical engineering faculty at Rice University in Houston, Texas, where he began teaching and working in the nascent field of digital signal processing. In 1972 he and James McClellan published an influential paper on digital filter design. Since 1986 Parks has been at Cornell. He has co-authored more than 150 books and papers.

</doc>
<doc id="31028787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028787" title="Anna Murray-Douglass">
Anna Murray-Douglass

Anna Murray-Douglass (1813 – August 4, 1882) was an American abolitionist, member of the Underground Railroad, and the first wife of American social reformer and statesman Frederick Douglass, from 1838 to her death.
Early life.
Anna Murray was born in Denton, Maryland, to Bambar(r)a and Mary Murray. Unlike her seven older brothers and sisters, who were born in slavery, Anna Murray and her younger four siblings were born free, her parents having been manumitted just a month before her birth. A resourceful young woman, by the age of 17 she had established herself as a laundress and housekeeper. Her laundry work took her to the docks, where she met Frederick Douglass, who was then working as a caulker.
Marriage.
Murray's freedom made Douglass believe in the possibility of his own. When he decided to escape slavery in 1838, Murray encouraged him, and helped him by providing him with sailor's clothing, which her laundry work gave her access to, and by giving him part of her savings, which she augmented by selling one of her feather beds. After Douglass had made his way to Philadelphia and New York, Murray followed him, bringing enough goods with her to be able to start a household, and they were married eleven days later, on 15 September 1838. At first they took Johnson as their name; upon moving to New Bedford, Massachusetts, they adopted Douglass as their married name.
Anna Murray-Douglass had five children within the first ten years of the marriage: Rosetta, Lewis, Frederick Jr., Charles and Annie. She helped support the family financially, working as a laundress and learning to make shoes, as Douglass's income from his speeches was sporadic and the family was struggling. She also took an active role in the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society and prevailed upon her husband to train their sons as typesetters for his abolitionist newspaper, the "North Star". After the family moved to Rochester, New York, she established a headquarters for the underground railroad from her home, providing food, board and clean linen for hundreds of fugitive slaves on their way to Canada.
Anna Murray received little mention in Douglass's autobiographies; Henry Louis Gates has written that "Douglass had made his life story a sort of political diorama in which she had no role". His long absences from home, and her feeling that as a relatively uneducated woman she did not fit in with the social circles Douglass was now moving in, led to a degree of estrangement between them that was in marked contrast to their earlier closeness. Hurt by her husband's liaisons with other women, she nevertheless remained loyal to Douglass's public role; her daughter Rosetta reminded those who admired her father that his "was a story made possible by the unswerving loyalty of Anna Murray."
Later life and death.
After the death of her youngest daughter Annie in 1860 at age 10 she was often in poor health; she died of a stroke in 1882 at the family home in Washington D.C. She was buried in Mount Hope Cemetery in Rochester; her husband, too, was buried there after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31028788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028788" title="Djamil Suherman">
Djamil Suherman

Djamil Soeherman (born April 24, 1924, in Sidoarjo, East Java, Indonesia), is an Indonesian journalist and poet. His name is also written as Djamil Soeherman, Jamil Suherman, or DS (de-es). Djamil's poetry focuses on social and religious themes and was mostly influenced by his traditional Islamic boarding school (Pesantren) background. In the later part of his life, he was a reporter and editor of the corporate magazine "Gematel". He was known as an Indonesian poet and Indonesian writer.
Bibliography.
His works consist of poems, novels and short stories: 

</doc>
<doc id="31028795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028795" title="Estadio Julián Tesucún">
Estadio Julián Tesucún

Estadio Julián Tesucún is a multi-use stadium in San José, Guatemala. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Heredia Jaguares de Peten of the Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala. The stadium has a capacity of 8,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31028819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028819" title="United States Senate election in Alaska, 1990">
United States Senate election in Alaska, 1990

The 1990 United States Senate election in Alaska was held on November 6, 1990. Incumbent Republican United States Senator Ted Stevens sought re-election to a fifth term in the United States Senate, which he won easily, besting his opponents in a landslide.

</doc>
<doc id="31028820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028820" title="List of National Basketball Association career playoff scoring leaders">
List of National Basketball Association career playoff scoring leaders

This article provides a list of National Basketball Association players by total career playoff points scored.

</doc>
<doc id="31028823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028823" title="James Jones (cricketer born 1878)">
James Jones (cricketer born 1878)

James Lindley Jones (1878 – date of death unknown) was an English cricketer. Jones' batting style was unknown, although it is known he fielded as a wicket-keeper. His full date of birth is unknown, but it is known he was born in Bootle, Lancashire.
Jones made his first-class debut for Lancashire in the 1910 County Championship against Nottinghamshire. He played three further first-class matches in 1910, including his final first-class appearance which came against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge, Nottingham. In his four career first-class matches, he scored 10 runs at a batting average of 10.00, with a high score of 7*; his 5 innings included 4 unbeaten innings. Behind the stumps he took 5 catches. From 1909 to 1912 he played Minor Counties Championship cricket for Cheshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31028834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028834" title="Piotr Myszka">
Piotr Myszka

Piotr Myszka (born 25 July 1981) is a Polish windsurfer. He won the Gold medal at the 2010 RS:X Windsurfing World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31028861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028861" title="Estadio Olímpico del IND Managua">
Estadio Olímpico del IND Managua

Estadio Olímpico del IND Managua is a multi-use stadium in Managua, Nicaragua. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by América Managua, Deportivo Walter Ferretti, Managua F.C. of the Primera División de Nicaragua. The stadium has a capacity of 8,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31028889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028889" title="Estadio Pedro Selva">
Estadio Pedro Selva

Estadio Pedro Selva is a multi-use stadium in Jinotepe, Nicaragua. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Xilotepelt of the Primera División de Nicaragua. The stadium has a capacity of 12,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31028892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028892" title="Panga Krim">
Panga Krim

Panga Krim is a chiefdom in Pujehun District of Sierra Leone with a population of 6,651. Its principal town is Gobaru.

</doc>
<doc id="31028893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028893" title="List of National Basketball Association career playoff rebounding leaders">
List of National Basketball Association career playoff rebounding leaders

This article provides a list of National Basketball Association players by total career playoff rebounds recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="31028894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028894" title="Pekwachnamaykoskwaskwaypinwanik Lake">
Pekwachnamaykoskwaskwaypinwanik Lake

Pekwachnamaykoskwaskwaypinwanik Lake is a lake of Manitoba.The name is Cree for "where the wild trout are caught by fishing with hooks." It is the longest place name in Canada at 31 letters long. It is located just southeast of Red Sucker Lake in northeastern Manitoba, near its border with Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="31028906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028906" title="Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School">
Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School

The Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School, commonly known as Anglo Arabic School, is a co-educational government aided school in New Delhi, India. The school is managed by Delhi Education Society. Najeeb Jung is the President of the School Managing Committee. It was founded in 1696 by Ghazi ud-Din Khan Feroze Jung I.
History.
It was initially founded by Ghaziuddin Khan, a general of Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb, a leading Deccan commander and the father of Qamar-ud-din Khan, Asaf Jah I, the founder of the Asaf Jahi dynasty of Hyderabad, also known as the first Nizam of Hyderabad, in 1690s, and was originally termed Madrasa Ghaziuddin Khan after him. However with a weakening Mughal Empire, the Madrasa closed in the early 1790s, but with the support of local nobility, an oriental college for literature, science and art, was established at the site in 1792.
It stood just outside the walled city of Delhi outside the Ajmeri Gate, close to the New Delhi Railway Station. It was originally surrounded by a wall and connected to the walled city fortifications and was referred to as the College Bastion.
It was reorganized as the 'Anglo Arabic College' by the British East India Company in 1828 to provide, in addition to its original objectives, an education in English language and literature. The object was “to uplift” what the Company saw as the “uneducated and half-barbarous people of India.” Behind the move was Charles Trevelyan, the brother-in-law of Thomas Babingdon Macaulay, the same Macaulay whose famously declared that “a single shelf of a good European library was worth the whole native literature of India and Arabia”.
Dr. Sprenger, then principal, presided over the founding of the college press, the Matba‘u ’l-‘Ulum and founded the first college periodical, the weekly Qiranu ’s-Sa‘dain, in 1845.

</doc>
<doc id="31028910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028910" title="Ingeborg Arvola">
Ingeborg Arvola

Ingeborg Arvola (born 7 July 1974 in Honningsvåg) is a Norwegian novelist and children's writer.
She made her literary debut in 1999 with the novel "Korallhuset". Among her later novels are "Straffe" from 2003 and "Forsiktig glass" from 2004. She was awarded the Cappelen Prize in 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="31028915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028915" title="Hofuku Maru">
Hofuku Maru

The Hofuku Maru, also known as Hohuku Maru was a Japanese cargo ship, sunk on September 21, 1944 by American planes, while carrying 1,289 British and Dutch prisoners of war (POWs); 1,047 of them died.
The "Hofuku Maru" was sailing from Singapore to Miri, Borneo as part of convoy SHIMI-05. The convoy consisted of 10 ships, 5 of which carried, in total, 5,000 POWs, all in appalling conditions.
At Borneo, the "Hofuku Maru" left the convoy with engine problems, and sailed on to the Philippines, arriving on July 19. She remained in Manila until mid-September while the engines were repaired. The POWs remained on board, suffering terribly from disease, hunger, and thirst.
On September 20 1944, the "Hofuku Maru" and 10 other ships formed Convoy MATA-27, and sailed from Manila to Japan. The following morning, the convoy was attacked 80 miles north of Corregidor by more than 100 American carrier planes. All eleven ships in the convoy were sunk. Of those on the "Hofuku Maru", 1,047 of the 1,289 British and Dutch POWs on board died.

</doc>
<doc id="31028918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028918" title="Pavuna, Rio de Janeiro">
Pavuna, Rio de Janeiro

Pavuna is a neighborhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is one of the oldest places in Rio de Janeiro city.
History.
The place was originally inhabited by native Brazilians from several Tupi tribes, one of those tribes was named Upabuna, this name being the origin of the name of the Pavuna River. During the 16th century, when Brazil was a colony of Portugal, the Portuguese government brought African slaves to the place to work in the sugarcane cultivation. In the 17th century, the sugarcane cultivation entered a period of decadece, only recovering a century later, and then being replaced by the coffee production. On July 23, 1981, Pavuna officially became a Rio de Janeiro neighborhood.
Etymology.
Pavuna means "dark place" in the language of the local native Brazilians who inhabited the place in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="31028919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028919" title="United States Senate election in Alaska, 1984">
United States Senate election in Alaska, 1984

The 1984 United States Senate election in Alaska was held on November 6, 1984. Incumbent Republican United States Senator Ted Stevens sought re-election to a fourth term in the United States Senate. Owing to his popularity and the conservative bent of Alaska, Stevens did not face major opposition, and easily crushed former Alaska Attorney General John Havelock in the general election.

</doc>
<doc id="31028927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028927" title="Mano Sakrim">
Mano Sakrim

Mano Sakrim is a chiefdom in Pujehun District of Sierra Leone with a population of 7,536. Its principal town is Gbonjema.

</doc>
<doc id="31028934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028934" title="List of National Basketball Association career playoff assists leaders">
List of National Basketball Association career playoff assists leaders

This is a list of National Basketball Association players by total career playoff assists recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="31028935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028935" title="Abbie Gardner">
Abbie Gardner

Abbie Gardner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31028939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028939" title="Burl Ives Sings... For Fun">
Burl Ives Sings... For Fun

Burl Ives Sings... For Fun is a 1956 album by American folk singer Burl Ives.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, critic Bruce Eder wrote of the album "The mood is lighthearted, but it's not all wafting innocuous melodies, as "Goober Peas" calls up some serious echoes."

</doc>
<doc id="31028944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028944" title="Heinz Angelmaier">
Heinz Angelmaier

Heinz Angelmaier (22 July 1918 – 12 January 2014) was a Hauptmann der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Angelmaier was captured by American forces at the end of the war and released shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="31028953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028953" title="Micro (band)">
Micro (band)

Micro (ไมโคร) were a Thai rock band formed in 1983 in Bangkok, Thailand. They signed to the GMM Grammy. the group has released a six studio albums.

</doc>
<doc id="31028956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028956" title="Samir Ganguly">
Samir Ganguly

Samir Ganguly is an Indian film director. He directed many episodes of the television serial "Paying Guest".

</doc>
<doc id="31028959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028959" title="List of programs broadcast by Peachtree TV">
List of programs broadcast by Peachtree TV

This is a list of past and present programs broadcast by WPCH-TV which is also known as Peachtree TV.

</doc>
<doc id="31028964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028964" title="Black Lauter">
Black Lauter

The Black Lauter is the left hand source of the river Lauter. It rises in Schlatstall from the "Lauterquelle" well and the "Golden" hole. Within Lenningen it joins the White Lauter, forming the Lauter.
Wells.
At the mouth of the "Kohlhau" Valley, where it joins the Lenningen valley, lies the village of Schlatstall, which is now a part of the municipality of Lenningen. Near this village, there are a total of six Karst wells. The sources, the narrow valley and the village are a popular hiking destination. The sources are part of a nature reserve. The two most important wells in terms of volume, are the Lauterquelle and the Goldloch.
Lauterquelle.
The "Lauterquelle", or Lauter Well, () is situated 20 metres ahead of the Lauter mill, where the water-impermeable valley floor emerges. This source is so strong and rich that it could drive an overshot mill known as the Lauter Mill.
Goldloch.
The "Goldloch", or Golden Hole, is now only periodically active. This cave () is located about 100 metres east of the other sources. The discharge varies between 200 to 3,000 litres per second. The mouth of the cave was extended to its present size by miners in 1824 and '25. No gold was found.
Trout.
Trout are bred in the clean, oxygen-rich karst spring water. Water from all six wells flows into fish ponds on the eastern edge of the village of Schlattstall.

</doc>
<doc id="31028977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028977" title="Plateau Sign Language">
Plateau Sign Language

Plateau Sign Language, or Old Plateau Sign Language, is a poorly attested sign language historically used in British Columbia. It is not clear if it was a regional variant of Plains Standard Sign Language, the contact pidgin of the Great Plains, or a separate trade language indigenous to the Columbian Plateau. The Crow Nation introduced Plains Standard, which replaced Plateau Sign among the eastern nations that used it (the Coeur d’Alene, Sanpoil, Okanagan, Thompson, Lakes, Shuswap, and Coleville), with western nations shifting instead to Chinook Jargon.

</doc>
<doc id="31028986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028986" title="Malen Chiefdom">
Malen Chiefdom

Malen Chiefdom is a chiefdom in Pujehun District of Sierra Leone under supervision of Chief Kebby with a population of 22,090. Its principal town is Sahn. The chiefdom is located west of the town of Pujehun. The primary economic activity is subsistence farming. Malaria is endemic in the chiefdom with an estimated infection rate of 40% (∓5%).

</doc>
<doc id="31028987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31028987" title="Blanca Manchón">
Blanca Manchón

Blanca Manchón Domínguez (born 6 March 1987 in Seville) is a Spanish windsurfer. She won the Gold medal at the 2010 RS:X Windsurfing World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31029003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029003" title="En defensa Propia">
En defensa Propia

En defensa Propia ("In Self Defence") is a 1917 Mexican film directed by Joaquín Coss. It stars Mimí Derba, María Caballé and Julio Taboada.

</doc>
<doc id="31029013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029013" title="Makpele">
Makpele

Makpele is a chiefdom in Pujehun District of Sierra Leone with a population of 21,955. Its principal town is Zimmi.

</doc>
<doc id="31029035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029035" title="Mimí Derba">
Mimí Derba

Mimí Derba (1888 or 1893–1953) was a Mexican actress and the first female director in Mexico. Derba founded one of the very first Mexican production companies, Azteca Films. She had a successful career in Vaudeville before entering films.

</doc>
<doc id="31029052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029052" title="List of National Basketball Association career playoff steals leaders">
List of National Basketball Association career playoff steals leaders

This is a list of National Basketball Association players by total career playoff steals recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="31029065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029065" title="Armorlogic">
Armorlogic

Armorlogic is a security software company founded in 2004 by a group of leading Internet security specialists from some of the world's largest Internet security consulting companies. The Company's product range includes a web application firewall and content load balancer. Armorlogic's flagship product is the standalone, network-based Profense Web Application Firewall recognized in the IT security industry for its ease of use, performance and support. 
Armorlogic is headquartered in Victoria, BC with its main development office located in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Products.
Armorlogic makes the Profense products - a web application firewall software and a web load balancer. The Profense Web Application Firewall is a software appliance capable of operating on most x86 based hardware and in virtualized environments like VMWare. Profense is designed to protect web applications, web sites and networks from hackers and vulnerabilities including the OWASP Top Ten risks. The software aims to stop new threats and attacks before signature updates have been installed on the web server.
The web application firewall software includes:
On February 21, 2011 Profense version 3.0 was released. This release supports Armorlogic's goal of providing a feature full enterprise class product at affordable prices.
The Profense Load Balancer distributes traffic between web servers and assists compression and acceleration.
Technology.
Available as a software appliance, Profense can be installed on most physical servers or as a VMware appliance. Profense is based on a hardened OpenBSD platform, regarded by many as the most secure operating system. Profense operates as a reverse proxy and has integrated load balancing and acceleration. Profense also utilizes Nginx known for its consistent high performance and ability to handle extremely high numbers of concurrent requests. Profense 3.0 is now a 64bit operating system making it more appealing to medium and enterprise level companies who have migrated to 64bit server hardware.
Profense can protect Web applications and websites written in any language, including double byte languages such as Japanese, Korean, and Chinese.
Security standards compliance.
Demand for Profense and web application firewalls generally has increased with the introduction of the PCI DSS section 6.6 requirements particularly v.1.2 which made it clear that installation of a Web Application Firewall meeting the requirements will satisfy that section. Profense is fully PCI DSS section 6.6 v. 1.1 and 1.2 compliant and offers protection against all the OWASP Top Ten vulnerabilities. Data privacy and integrity regulations and required security audits mandated by governmental and professional authorities, along with infections and damage caused by hackers, have also prompted increasing use of such security software.

</doc>
<doc id="31029098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029098" title="USS SC-21">
USS SC-21

USS "SC-21", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 21" or USS "S.C. 21", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. 
"SC-21" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on either 20 September or 19 October 1917 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 21", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 21", under the command of Lieutenant Alfred Y. Lanphier, who later would become the commander of the Group of submarine chasers. 
Assigned to the Second Naval District, "S.C. 21" operated with the Experimental Unit at New London, Connecticut. On 6 May 1918, Lieutenant, junior grade, Henry Hartley was relieved of command of "Submarine Chaser No. 253" and took command of "S.C. 21".
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 21" was classified as SC-21 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-21".
On 24 June 1921, the Navy sold "SC-21" to Joseph G. Hitner of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31029118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029118" title="Alma de sacrificio">
Alma de sacrificio

Alma de sacrificio () is a 1917 Mexican silent film. It features Sara García as an extra.

</doc>
<doc id="31029120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029120" title="La soñadora">
La soñadora

La soñadora ("The Dreamer") is a Mexican silent film. It features Sara García as an extra.

</doc>
<doc id="31029123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029123" title="List of National Basketball Association career playoff blocks leaders">
List of National Basketball Association career playoff blocks leaders

This is a list of National Basketball Association players by total career playoff leaders in blocking shots.

</doc>
<doc id="31029127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029127" title="Yo soy tu padre">
Yo soy tu padre

Yo soy tu padre ("I am Your Father") is a 1927 Mexican silent film. It features Sara García as an extra.

</doc>
<doc id="31029129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029129" title="Sehet, wir gehn hinauf gen Jerusalem, BWV 159">
Sehet, wir gehn hinauf gen Jerusalem, BWV 159

History and words.
Bach wrote the cantata in Leipzig for . The Sunday, also called , is the last Sunday before Lent, a period when Leipzig observed and no cantatas were performed. In 1723 Bach had performed two cantatas on the Sunday, "Du wahrer Gott und Davids Sohn", BWV 23, composed earlier in Köthen, and "Jesus nahm zu sich die Zwölfe", BWV 22, audition pieces to apply for the post of "" in Leipzig. In 1729 the cantata was the last one performed on a Sunday before the "St Matthew Passion" on Good Friday of that year. The prescribed readings for the Sunday were taken from the First Epistle to the Corinthians, "praise of love" (), and from the Gospel of Luke, healing the blind near Jericho (). The gospel includes Jesus announcing his suffering in Jerusalem. Whereas Bach's former cantatas also considered the healing, this work concentrates on the view of the Passion.
The text was written by Picander, who also wrote the text for the "St Matthew Passion", and was published in his ' of 1728, therefore a first performance in 1729 seems likely. The poet concentrates on the announcement of suffering, which is regarded as tremendous (movement 1), as an example to follow (2), as a reason to say farewell to earthly pleasures (3), finally as a reason to give thanks (4, 5). In movement 2 the poet comments the recitative by stanza 6 of Paul Gerhardt's hymn ', which appears in the "St Matthew Passion" in this and four other stanzas. The beginning of movement 4, "" ("It is finished" or "It is fulfilled", (), appears literally in the Gospel of John as one of the Sayings of Jesus on the cross, and is foreshadowed in the Sunday's Gospel (). Bach's "St John Passion" contains an alto aria on these words, as a summary immediately after the death of Jesus. The closing chorale is the last of 33 stanzas of Paul Stockmann's "" (1633).
Bach probably first performed the cantata on 27 February 1729.
Scoring and structure.
The cantata in five movements is scored for alto, tenor, and bass soloists, a four-part choir only for the chorale, oboe, two violins, viola and basso continuo including bassoon. The chorale in movement 2 can be sung by a soprano soloist or the choir soprano.
Music.
Movement 1 is a dialogue of Jesus and the Soul. The soul is sung by the alto, Jesus by the bass as the (voice of Christ). Bach achieves dramatic contrast, setting the words of Jesus as an arioso, accompanied by the continuo, the Soul's answers as a recitativo accompagnato, accompanied by the strings. The instrumentation is opposite to the treatment in the "St Matthew Passion", where the words of Jesus are accompanied by the "halo" of a string quartet. The word "" (literally: see!) is expressed in a long melisma, the move toward Jerusalem in an upward scale. The text is repeated several times, accenting different words to present different aspects of its meaning. In movement 2, the expressive melodic lines of the alto are commented by the chorale on the melody of '. The cantata culminates in movement 4, the vox Christi reflecting the completion of the Passion, '. The oboe introduces a meditative motifs which the bass picks up, both resting on sustained strings. The middle section illustrates the words "" ("Now I will hasten") in runs of the voice, oboe and violin. A quasi resumes the first motif on the words "" ("World, good night"). The closing chorale is a four-part setting.
Sources.
The first source is the score.
Several databases provide additional information on each cantata:

</doc>
<doc id="31029133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029133" title="Gilbert Briggs">
Gilbert Briggs

Gilbert Briggs founded Wharfedale Wireless Works in Yorkshire, England in 1932, and was a leading figure in the early development of High fidelity loudspeakers introducing such basics as the two-way loudspeaker and the ceramic magnet, as well as writing some famous books on audio and loudspeakers. Britain was at the forefront of developments in Radio, Audio, and Television, and Wharfedale is a name known to this day as a leading manufacturer of high quality loudspeakers, and although the company was sold in 1958, to The Rank Group, and then again in the early 1980s to Verity Group PLC, loudspeakers continue to be sold under the Wharfedale name to this day.
Briggs was a proud Yorkshireman whose passion for audio came out of a love of music, and who built a business out of a hobby, working long hours and always promoting what he truly believed in 
In the 1950s - Gilbert embarked on an ambitious collaboration with a close friend and colleague, Peter Walker, founder of Quad Electroacoustics. With Quad supplying the amplifiers and Wharfedale building the loudspeaker systems, they embarked on what was to become an industry-defining series of concerts wherein audiences were invited to experience live versus recorded music first hand. Touring UK and the US and playing at venues as auspicious as the Royal Festival Hall in London and Carnegie Hall in New York.
Biography.
Gilbert was the son of Phineas Briggs, a mill worker who was descended from a line of Yorkshire weavers and textile mill workers. Phineas died of pleuro-pneumonia, aged 36, leaving Gilbert, aged nine, and three young siblings, to be brought up by their mother, Mary Anne Emsley, who abandoned their back-to-back house to move the family in with her mother. Despite these desperate circumstances, Gilbert later wrote that they were happy, and he was very soon to move to Kings Lynn to attend technical school. Later he attended Crossley and Porter Orphan School in Halifax, where he acquired a love of classical music. He was then to spend 27 years in the textile industry, often travelling as a merchant. In 1914 he was rejected for army service following a medical screening in which he was considered to have a heart condition, though this was never to affect him in any way. This rather spurious and hurried diagnosis saved him from fighting in the First World War, in which one in seven of men under 25 were to die, and he continued in textiles at Holdworth Lund and Co.
In 1924 Gilbert married Doris Edna Mart (Edna) who was eleven years younger than himself. As the textile industry went into decline during the Great Depression, Gilbert's interest increasingly turned to loudspeakers and audio reproduction, and following his decision, around 1932, to establish a loudspeaker manufacturing firm, Edna was to become his helper in cone assembly and coil winding. 
Wharfedale Speakers.
Briggs built his first loudspeaker in the cellar of his home in Ilkley in the valley of the River Wharfe known as Wharfedale.
Live concert hall demonstrations.
Gilbert Briggs staged a number of live events in major concert halls, hotels, and other public buildings where he demonstrated recordings played over Wharfedale loudspeakers alongside live music, sometimes recordings and playing back on the spot and taking advantage of developments in magnetic tape recording. His decision to book the Royal Festival Hall, recently built for the Festival of Britain, in 1954 was considered very brave, but the event was sold out in four days. Despite the fact that only low power amplifiers were available (60 watts or so where today's engineers would provide 5000watts or more) the event was a great success.
Publications.
In 1948 Briggs wrote his first book, ‘Loudspeakers: The Why and How of Good Reproduction’, which sold out in five months and was reprinted many times. He later wrote an enlarged version called 'Sound Reproduction', deriving great pleasure from the correspondence this produced from readers - some 10,000 letters!
In 2012 David Briggs, whose grandfather was Gilbert Briggs' first cousin, wrote a book called 'A Pair of Wharfedales' - The story of Gilbert Briggs and his Loudspeakers.

</doc>
<doc id="31029137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029137" title="El pulpo humano">
El pulpo humano

El pulpo humano ("The Human Octopus") is a 1933 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029142" title="El vuelo de la muerte">
El vuelo de la muerte

El vuelo de la muerte ("The Flight of Death") is a 1933 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029145" title="La sangre manda">
La sangre manda

La sangre manda ("The Call of the Blood") is a 1933 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029147" title="¡Viva México! (El grito de Dolores)">
¡Viva México! (El grito de Dolores)

¡Viva México! - Alma insurgente, El grito de Dolores ("Viva Mexico! (The Cry of Delores)") is a 1934 Mexican film about the events that caused the Mexican War of Independence. It stars Sara García. 

</doc>
<doc id="31029150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029150" title="Such Is Woman">
Such Is Woman

Such Is Woman () is a 1936 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029151" title="Marihuana (El monstruo verde)">
Marihuana (El monstruo verde)

Marihuana (El monstruo verde) ("Marijuana (The Green Monster)") is a 1936 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029153" title="Malditas sean las mujeres">
Malditas sean las mujeres

Malditas sean las mujeres ("Cursed be the Women") is a 1936 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029157" title="La honradez es un estorbo">
La honradez es un estorbo

La honradez es un estorbo ("Honesty is a Hindrance") is a 1937 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029160" title="Por mis pistolas">
Por mis pistolas

Por mis pistolas ("For my Pistols") is a 1938 Mexican film starring Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029161" title="Pescadores de perlas">
Pescadores de perlas

Pescadores de perlas (), also known as "Sol de gloria" is a 1938 Mexican film starring Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029163" title="Dos cadetes">
Dos cadetes

Dos cadetes ("Two Cadets") is a 1938 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029164" title="Padre de más de cuatro">
Padre de más de cuatro

Padre de más de cuatro ("Father of More Than Four") is a 1938 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029166" title="Perjura">
Perjura

Perjura ("Perjured") is a 1938 Mexican film starring Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029172" title="Su adorable majadero">
Su adorable majadero

Su adorable majadero ("His Adorable Fool") is a 1938 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029173" title="Kpaka">
Kpaka

Kpaka Chiefdom is a chiefdom in Pujehun District of Sierra Leone with a population of 12,827. Its principal town is Massam.

</doc>
<doc id="31029174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029174" title="Chryses (disambiguation)">
Chryses (disambiguation)

Chryses is a name that may refer to one of the following figures in Greek mythology:

</doc>
<doc id="31029183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029183" title="Los enredos de papá">
Los enredos de papá

Los enredos de papá ("The Entanglements of Dad") is a 1939 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029186" title="Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management &amp; Comptroller)">
Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management &amp; Comptroller)

The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management & Comptroller) (abbreviated SAF/FM) is a civilian official in the United States Department of the Air Force.
Responsibilities.
According to U.S. law, there are four Assistant Secretaries of the Air Force appointed from civilian life by the President of the United States upon the advice and consent of the United States Senate. They assist the United States Secretary of the Air Force and the United States Under Secretary of the Air Force. One of the four assistant secretaries is the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management & Comptroller), who is responsible for "the exercise of the comptroller functions of the Department of the Air Force, including financial management functions." The duties expressly given to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management & Comptroller) include determining the Department of the Air Force's budget estimates (in conjunction with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller)), supervising the Department's financial management system, and overseeing the department's asset management system. The Assistant Secretary is also responsible for developing a five year plan for improving the department's financial management, which plan must be updated annually. He or she also must submit an annual report to the Secretary of the Air Force detailing the state of the department's financial management.
Subordinates.
The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management and Comptroller) is supported by a principal deputy as well as senior leaders responsible for budget, cost and economics, and financial operations. The following are the key positions on the assistant secretary's staff.
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller (SAF/FM), a civilian member of the Senior Executive Service
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Budget (SAF/FMB), a major general
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Cost and Economics (SAF/FMC), a civilian member of the Senior Executive Service
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Financial Operations (SAF/FMP), a civilian member of the Senior Executive Service
The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management and Comptroller) also oversees the Air Force Financial Services Center, the Air Force Cost Analysis Agency, and the Financial Management Center of Expertise.
List of Assistant Secretaries of the Air Force (Financial Management & Comptroller).
The first three appointees served as "Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Management)". That office was re-designated as Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management and Comptroller) on 1 August 1954. The office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management and Comptroller) was disbanded on 27 March 1987. At that time, all Air Force financial management functions were consolidated under the "Air Force Comptroller" (a military position filled by a lieutenant general). The office of the Air Force Comptroller was disbanded on 1 July 1989 when the position of Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Financial Management and Comptroller) was re-established. Since that date, all Air Force financial management and comptroller functions have been directed by a presidentially appointed assistant secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="31029189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029189" title="Down to My Last Broken Heart">
Down to My Last Broken Heart

"Down to My Last Broken Heart" is a song written by Chick Rains, and recorded by American country music artist Janie Fricke. It was released in 1980 as the first single from the album "I'll Need Someone to Hold Me When I Cry". The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31029200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029200" title="Mi madrecita">
Mi madrecita

Mi madrecita ("My Dear Mother") is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029201" title="Papá se desenreda">
Papá se desenreda

Papá se desenreda ("Father gets untangled") is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029202" title="Al son de la marimba">
Al son de la marimba

Al son de la marimba (}) is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029205" title="Papá se enreda otra vez">
Papá se enreda otra vez

Papá se enreda otra vez ("Father Gets Tangled Up Again") is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029206" title="Soro Gbema">
Soro Gbema

Soro Gbema is a chiefdom in Pujehun District of Sierra Leone with a population of 31,977. Its principal town is Fairo.

</doc>
<doc id="31029208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029208" title="Las tres viudas de papá">
Las tres viudas de papá

Las tres viudas de papá ("The Three Widows of Father") is a 1942 Mexican comedy film directed by Miguel Zacarías. 
It stars Sara García. Produced by Manuel Sereijo, it was distributed by Grovas y Cía. 
The film was one of three successive Zacarías comedies starring Chato Órtín and Sara García. 
It was the fourth sequel to Zacarías's "Los enredos de papá", and maintained the same quality as the first three.
The others were "Papá se desenreda" and "Papá se enreda otra vez".
The film premiered on 3 October 1942 in Mexico City.
It was included in the 1959 list of shows censored by the Mexican League of Decency.

</doc>
<doc id="31029211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029211" title="Cuando los hijos se van">
Cuando los hijos se van

Cuando los hijos se van ("When Children Leave") is a 1941 Mexican film. It stars Sara García and Fernando Soler as the protagonists and features Miguel Inclán as an especially odious villain. A later version, directed by Julián Soler was released in 1969 and also starred Fernando Soler.

</doc>
<doc id="31029213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029213" title="¿Quién te quiere a ti?">
¿Quién te quiere a ti?

¿Quién te quiere a ti? ("Who Loves You?") is a 1941 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029214" title="Regalo de Reyes">
Regalo de Reyes

Regalo de Reyes ("Christmas Present") is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029216" title="La abuelita">
La abuelita

La abuelita ("The Granny") is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029219" title="Historia de un gran amor">
Historia de un gran amor

Historia de un gran amor ("A Great Love Story") is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029222" title="El baisano Jalil">
El baisano Jalil

El baisano Jalil is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Sara García. Story about Lebanese-immigrants to Mexico in the earlier 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="31029224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029224" title="El verdugo de Sevilla">
El verdugo de Sevilla

El verdugo de Sevilla ("The Executioner of Seville") is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Sara García and Fernando Soler.

</doc>
<doc id="31029225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029225" title="2011 Challenger of Dallas – Doubles">
2011 Challenger of Dallas – Doubles

The 2011 Challenger of Dallas was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was a Challenger of Dallas competition that forms part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Dallas, United States, between 28 February and 6 March 2011.
Scott Lipsky and David Martin were the defending champions, but they decided not to participate together.
Martin played alongside Bobby Reynolds, but they were eliminated by Matthew Ebden and Samuel Groth already in the first round.
Lipsky partnered up with Rajeev Ram and they won this tournament, defeating Dustin Brown and Björn Phau 7–6(3), 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31029231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029231" title="WORD Magazine">
WORD Magazine

"WORD Magazine" is an Isla Vista, California quarterly arts and culture magazine published by students through an Isla Vista Arts course at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Partnered with the university's Office of Student Life, the student-run magazine highlights Isla Vista music, arts, and local interests and includes a daily Isla Vista events calendar. "WORD" is a free publication, distributed in newsstands in front of local businesses in Isla Vista, as well as at the "WORD" Bench located on Pardall Road.
History.
"WORD" was started in Fall 2007 when UCSB art professor, Kim Yasuda, discovered a copy of Isla Vista magazine "I.V. Lifestyle," which depicted local life with sexist images and as a culture preoccupied with alcohol binging. Spurred by what she found to be an inaccurate representation of Isla Vista living, Yasuda established "WORD" with the help of Isla Vista Arts' Acting Director, Ellen Anderson, and Santa Barbara Independent longtime contributor D.J. Palladino as a way to redefine misconceptions of Isla Vista culture. By its second issue in Winter 2008, the magazine had earned the title of “Most Creative UCSB Organization” by the UCSB Office of Student Life.
Since its start, "WORD" has published 18 issues and amassed a circulation of 2500.

</doc>
<doc id="31029234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029234" title="Resurrection (1943 film)">
Resurrection (1943 film)

Resurrection is a 1943 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029238" title="Caminito alegre">
Caminito alegre

Caminito alegre () is a 1943 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029239" title="Toros, amor y gloria">
Toros, amor y gloria

Toros, amor y gloria ("Bulls, Love and Glory") is a 1943 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029242" title="Mis hijos">
Mis hijos

Mis hijos ("My Children") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029246" title="La trepadora">
La trepadora

La trepadora ("The Climber") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029247" title="El secreto de la solterona">
El secreto de la solterona

El secreto de la solterona ("The Secret of the Spinster") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029250" title="Tuya en cuerpo y alma">
Tuya en cuerpo y alma

Tuya en cuerpo y alma ("Yours in Body and Soul") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029251" title="El jagüey de las ruinas">
El jagüey de las ruinas

El jagüey de las ruinas ("The Pool of the Ruins") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029253" title="Como yo te quería">
Como yo te quería

Como yo te quería ("As I Loved You") is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029256" title="La señora de enfrente">
La señora de enfrente

La señora de enfrente ("The Lady in Front") is a 1945 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029257" title="¡Ay qué rechulo es Puebla!">
¡Ay qué rechulo es Puebla!

¡Ay qué rechulo es Puebla! is a 1945 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029260" title="Mamá Inés">
Mamá Inés

Mamá Inés is a 1945 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029261" title="Paul Connaughton, Jnr">
Paul Connaughton, Jnr

Paul Connaughton, Jnr (born January 1982) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway East constituency at the 2011 general election. From Mountbellew, County Galway, he was previously a member of Galway County Council for the Ballinasloe electoral area from 2009 to 2011. His father Paul Connaughton, Snr was a TD for Galway East from 1981 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31029262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029262" title="El barchante Neguib">
El barchante Neguib

El barchante Neguib is a 1946 Mexican film. It stars Joaquín Pardavé as "Neguib" and Sara García as "Sara". 
The film revolves around a Lebanese Mexican family that heads to Mexico City to visit their son, Alfredo (Jorge Ancira). The son, is shameful of their family's Arab origin, does not welcome them into his home. Therefore, the father Neguib (Joaquín Pardavé) sets up a clothing store in a market, competing with their neighbor Regina (Dolores Camarillo), whom he incidentally calls "Rajona" (Spanish for someone who gives up easily). The family is also incorporated of the wife Sara (Sara García), daughters Natalia (Olga Jiménez) and Rebeca (Marina Herrera), and the family's rural manservant Piloncillo (Fernando Soto), also known to the family as "Baloncillo".

</doc>
<doc id="31029265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029265" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's slalom">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's slalom

Complete results for Men's Slalom competition at the 2011 World Championships, run on Sunday, February 20. The 11th race of the championships, its first run was at 10:00 local time (CET) and the second run at 13:30.
A total of 100 athletes from 55 countries competed in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31029266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029266" title="Sucedió en Jalisco (Los cristeros)">
Sucedió en Jalisco (Los cristeros)

Sucedió en Jalisco (Los Cristeros) ("It Happened in Jalisco (The Cristeros)") is a 1947 Mexican film written and directed by Raúl de Anda based on the novel "Los Cristeros" by José Guadalupe de Anda. It stars Sara García and portrays the drama of a love triangle during the Cristero War.
Legacy.
The filmmakers took a great risk in the making of the film as, despite the liberalism towards Catholicism in the post-Calles era, the Mexican government restricted coverage of the Cristero War and the conflict was largely covered up.
A remake was made in 1972 which Raúl de Anda also directed. This version was based in part on the novel "Sucedió en Jalisco" by Jesús Goytortua. In light of the difference, Mexican cinema typically refers to the 1947 film by its alternative title "Los Cristeros" and the 1972 film by the proper title of "Sucedió en Jalisco".

</doc>
<doc id="31029268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029268" title="Los que volvieron">
Los que volvieron

Los que volvieron ("Those Who Returned") is a 1946 Mexican film. It stars Sara García, and includes Malú Gatica.

</doc>
<doc id="31029269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029269" title="Paul Connaughton">
Paul Connaughton

Paul Connaughton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31029271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029271" title="Vuelven los García">
Vuelven los García

Vuelven los García ("The Return of García") is a 1946 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029276" title="Mi madre adorada">
Mi madre adorada

Mi madre adorada ("My Mother Adored") is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029278" title="Dueña y señora">
Dueña y señora

Dueña y señora ("Owner and Lady") is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029280" title="La familia Pérez">
La familia Pérez

La familia Pérez ("The Pérez Family") is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029283" title="Tía Candela">
Tía Candela

Tía Candela ("Aunt Candle") is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029288" title="List of National Basketball Association career playoff turnovers leaders">
List of National Basketball Association career playoff turnovers leaders

This is a list of National Basketball Association players by total career playoff turnovers recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="31029290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029290" title="Neil Shanahan">
Neil Shanahan

Neil Shanahan (born June 28, 1979 in Dublin, Ireland; died May 31, 1999 in Cheshire, England) was an Irish racing driver. He was killed at the of age 19 in a crash on the fifth round of the British Formula Ford Championship at Oulton Park. The incident happened in a three-car collision on the approach to Clay Hill. The Formula Ford championship, which Shanahan was contesting, is one of the most important training grounds for young drivers pursuing a career in motorsport, and the vast majority of current Formula One drivers, including all the Britons currently at the top level, competed in previous versions of the category.
Shanahan began go-karting at the age of 13. By the time he was 16, he was runner-up in the Formula A1 Karting Championship of 1996. In 1997 Shanahan was the winner of the Formula Ford DHL Star of Tomorrow (winning 10 out 11 races that season), winner of the Phoenix Park Motor Races, and awarded the Dunlop Sexton Trophy for Driver of the Year. In 1998 Shanhan won the Ford of Ireland Championship, was awarded the Barney Manley Trophy for the Best Irish International Driver, alongside the Dunlop Sexton Trophy for the second year running.
In 1999, Shanahan signed for the Van Diemen Works Team in the United Kingdom to compete in the British and European Formula Ford Championship. The Van Diemen Formula Ford team was the starting point for many successful drivers - the most notable being Ayrton Senna and Eddie Irvine. That year Shanahan was also named Motorsports News "Race Ace" for his overtaking maneuvers at Brands Hatch, in the fourth round of the season.
The Neil Shanahan Memorial Trophy was commissioned by Ford UK in 1999; the porcelain trophy is awarded annually to the winner of the World Finals of the Formula Ford Festival at Brands Hatch.
The Neil Shanahan Perpetual Trophy "The Chequered Flag" was commissioned by the Shanahan family, designed and made in silver and slate, the Perpetual Trophy is awarded annually to the Irish Junior Karting Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="31029292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029292" title="Eterna agonía">
Eterna agonía

Eterna agonía ("Eternal Agony") is a 1949 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029295" title="Novia a la medida">
Novia a la medida

Novia a la medida ("Bride to the Measure") is a 1949 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029297" title="El diablo no es tan diablo">
El diablo no es tan diablo

El diablo no es tan diablo ("The Devil is not so Devil") is a 1949 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029302" title="Dos pesos dejada">
Dos pesos dejada

Dos pesos dejada ("Two Pesos Left") is a 1949 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029303" title="Yo quiero ser hombre">
Yo quiero ser hombre

Yo quiero ser hombre ("I Want to be a Man") is a 1949 Mexican film. It stars Alma Rosa Aguirre, Abel Salazar and Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029306" title="Azahares para tu boda">
Azahares para tu boda

Azahares para tu boda ("Orange Blossom for your Wedding") is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029308" title="Mi querido capitán">
Mi querido capitán

Mi querido capitán ("My Dear Captain") is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029310" title="Yo quiero ser tonta">
Yo quiero ser tonta

Yo quiero ser tonta ("I Want to be a Fool") is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029311" title="La reina del mambo">
La reina del mambo

La reina del mambo ("The Queen of the Mambo") is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029313" title="El papelerito">
El papelerito

El papelerito is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029314" title="Doña Clarines">
Doña Clarines

Doña Clarines is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029320" title="The Hawk and the Nightingale">
The Hawk and the Nightingale

The fable of The Hawk and the Nightingale is one of the earliest recorded in Greek and there have been many variations on the story since Classical times. The original version is numbered 4 in the Perry Index and the later Aesop version, sometimes going under the title "The Hawk, the Nightingale and the Birdcatcher", is numbered 567. The stories began as a reflection on the arbitrary use of power and eventually shifted to being a lesson in the wise use of resources.
The Fables.
The original fable appeared in Hesiod's poem "Works and Days", a work dating from some seven centuries before the Common Era and thus long before Aesop's traditional dates. It is used to illustrate Hesiod's account of man's fall from the Golden Age of innocence to the corrupted Age of Iron. As an example of its violent and arbitrary character, the story is told of a hawk that seizes a nightingale; when the songbird cries in pain, the hawk addresses it: 'Miserable thing, why do you cry out? One far stronger than you now holds you fast, and you must go wherever I take you. And if I please I will make my meal of you, or else let you go. He is a fool who tries to withstand the stronger, for he does not get the mastery and suffers pain besides his shame.' 
The fable later ascribed to Aesop is not recorded in any surviving Classical document but began to appear in the early Middle Ages. Some versions extend the picture of violence by having the bird of prey attack the nightingale's nestlings. It agrees to spare them if the nightingale will sing to it, but since the mother bird is consumed with grief, her song sounds forced and shrill. The disappointed hawk then kills one of the chicks but is in turn captured by a fowler. In Renaissance times a number of Neo-Latin authors record alternative versions of the fable with quite different interpretations. They include Laurentius Abstemius' "Accipiter et Luscinia cantum pollicens" in the late 15th century, Hieronymus Osius' poem "De Accipitre et Luscinia" (1574) and three poems by Pantaleon Candidus in his "150 Fabulae" (1604). 
In these fables, the nightgale offers to reward the hawk for its clemency by singing to it. But the hawk answers pragmatically that 'I prefer that you sooth my stomach, for I can live without your songs, but I cannot live without food.' This is the version that La Fontaine transformed into "Le milan et le rossignol" (the kite and nightingale, "Fables" IX.17), which ends on the common proverb 'An empty stomach has no ear'. The bird had offered a song based on Classical myth for being spared, a reward that the kite rejects as inedible. The episode makes of the fable as much a statement against the intangibility of art as a lesson in practicality. The proverb dates from Classical times, being noted by Erasmus in his "Adagia" as originating in Plutarch's "Life of Cato”. The same point of view underlies other fables of Aesop dealing with the tyrannical use of power, such as The Wolf and the Lamb, in which sophistry is rejected in the face of hunger.
Still another of Aesop's fables, The fisherman and the little fish, draws much the same conclusion as later European variants of "The Hawk and the Nightingale". The little fish pleads with the angler who has caught it to wait until it is more fully grown, but he prefers not to let go of what he has in hope of some uncertain future gain. By the Middle Ages that sentiment had been encapsulated in the proverb 'A bird in the hand is worth two in the woods', which is translated in a 13th-century Latin work dealing with current proverbs. Other versions have 'ten in the wood', 'three in the sky' and 'two in the bush'. The conclusion of "The fisherman and the little fish" then appears to have been transferred to "The Hawk and the Nightingale" as if it were illustrating the popular proverb with its references to birds.
It is for this reason that Roger L'Estrange closes his rendering of Abstemius' fable by quoting the proverb, where Abstemius had only remarked that useful things are to be preferred to pleasant ones. In this he was followed by the Victorian editor George Fyler Townsend. The sentiment is stated more generally also at the end of the first of Pantaleon's poetic meditations on the fable (133). There the hawk's reply to the nightingale's plea to let it go in preference for larger prey, since it is too small to satisfy the hawk's appetite, echoes Plutarch's comment in the course of quite another anecdote: 'He is a fool who leaves things close at hand to follow what is out of reach'. The shift of focus, from the predator's conduct towards its victim in the original telling to its reason for rejecting the victim's appeal for mercy in the later version, radically alters the fable's interpretation. Where the reader's sympathy for the nightingale was appealed to by Hesiod, it is now the hawk whose behaviour is approved, even by so liberal a commentator as Samuel Croxall. For, in his opinion, "They who neglect the Opportunity of reaping a small Advantage in Hopes they shall obtain a better, are far from acting upon a reasonable and well advised Foundation.'
The condemnation of arbitrary power originally implicit in the fable was not entirely lost, however. Illustrations of La Fontaine's more nuanced telling by Carle Vernet and Auguste Delierre (1829-1890) underline the violence of the scene. At the centre of a calm and beautiful landscape, the bird of prey rips up the tiny songbird's breast. The Russian fabulist Ivan Krylov carries that violence over into his adaptation of the story as “The cat and the nightingale”. There the cat captures a nightingale in what it claims is a friendly spirit and begs to hear its famous song. When the bird gives only a shrill cry of distress, the cat devours it, bones and all. Written in 1824, the story satirised the strict literary censorship of the time in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31029321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029321" title="La duquesa del Tepetate">
La duquesa del Tepetate

La duquesa del Tepetate ("The Duchess of Tepetate") is a 1951 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.

</doc>
<doc id="31029322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31029322" title="Pseudo-Boolean function">
Pseudo-Boolean function

In mathematics and optimization, a pseudo-Boolean function is a function of the form
where B = {0, 1} is a "Boolean domain" and "n" is a nonnegative integer called the arity of the function. Any pseudo-Boolean function can be written uniquely as a multi-linear polynomial: 
An important class of pseudo-Boolean functions are the submodular functions, because polynomial-time algorithms exists for minimizing them. The degree of the pseudo-Boolean function is simply the degree of the polynomial.
In many settings (e.g., in Fourier analysis of pseudo-Boolean functions), a pseudo-Boolean function is viewed as a function formula_3 that maps formula_4 to formula_5. Again in this case we can uniquely write formula_3 as a multi-linear polynomial:
formula_7 where formula_8 are Fourier coefficients of formula_3 and formula_10. For a nice and simple introduction to Fourier analysis of pseudo-Boolean functions, see.
Optimization.
Minimizing (or, equivalently, maximizing) a pseudo-Boolean function is NP-Hard. This can easily be seen by formulating, for example, the maximum cut problem as maximizing a pseudo-Boolean function.
Submodularity.
A pseudo-Boolean function "f" is said to be submodular if
for every x and y. This is a very important concept, because a submodular pseudo-boolean function can be minimized in polynomial time.
Roof Duality.
If "f" is a quadratic polynomial, a concept called "roof duality" can be used to obtain a lower bound for its minimum value. Roof duality may also provide a partial assignment of the variables, indicating some of the values of a minimizer to the polynomial. Several different methods of obtaining lower bounds were developed only to later be shown to be equivalent to what is now called roof duality.
Reductions.
If the degree of "f" is greater than 2, one can always employ "reductions" to obtain an equivalent quadratic problem with additional variables. One possible reduction is
There are other possibilities, for example,
Different reductions lead to different results. Take for example the following cubic polynomial:
Using the first reduction followed by roof duality, we obtain a lower bound of -3 and no indication on how to assign the three variables. Using the second reduction, we obtain the (tight) lower bound of -2 and the optimal assignment of every variable (which is formula_15).
Polynomial Compression Algorithms.
Consider a pseudo-Boolean function formula_16 as a mapping from formula_4 to formula_5. Then formula_19 Assume that each coefficient formula_20 is integral. 
Then for an integer formula_21 the problem P of deciding whether formula_22 is more or equal to formula_21 is NP-complete. It is proved in that
in polynomial time we can either solve P or reduce the number of variables to formula_24.
Let formula_25 be the degree of the above multi-linear polynomial for formula_16. Then proved that in polynomial time we can either solve P or reduce the number of variables to formula_27.

</doc>
