<doc id="31069841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069841" title="Agha Javed Pathan">
Agha Javed Pathan

Agha Javed Pathan (Urdu: ), a political activist from Sindh, Pakistan, presently practicing as a doctor in Karachi, was accused of shoe throwing on Arbab Ghulam Rahim (former Chief Minister of Sindh Province) in April 2008. He was accused of hitting Arbab on his first visit to Sindh Assembly after General elections of 2008 to attend the session and taking oath as a member of provincial assembly. Agha Javed was arrested from his home but was released by the court due to lack of evidence.
Shoe throwing.
Agha Javed was nominated in a case of shoe throwing against former Chief Minister of Sindh province. He was accused of hitting the head of Arbab Ghulam Rahim on April 7, 2008 with his shoes inside Sindh Assembly building after assembly session. Arbab was hit on the face with a shoe by him when he was leaving the provincial assembly through a side entrance, evading the security personnel guarding him. In the corridor, a group of the PPP workers including some ladies mobbed him and tried to hit him with the shoes and ladies sandals. Though Arbab was with heavy security cordon, one of the workers hit Arbab on the head with a shoe, which was caught by the TV cameras and shown all over the world. Arbab Rahim was rushed to his vehicle and driven away out of the Assembly premises as some of the workers run after his vehicle and hurled stones at it. Earlier, Arbab was escorted by a police contingent to the assembly Monday morning and he avoided the main entrance while entering the building. As Arbab sat in the assembly before taking oath, PPP workers in the visitors’ galleries shouted slogans against him while using abusive language and flung shoes, which hit Arbab on the shoulder.
A woman PPP activist shed chappals in her hands and said, “This man said so many insulting things about a good woman like Benazir Bhutto. We will not spare him.” Senior PPP leaders like Nisar Khuhro failed to cool the tempers of the party workers. Earlier, Benazir had also named Arbab as one of the persons posing a threat to her life.
Three cases (FIR Nos 199/2008, 200/2008 and 201/2008) were registered against him under Sections 337-A, 392 of the Pakistan Penal Code, 13-D of the Arms Ordinance and Section 6/9-A of Control of Narcotic Substance Act at Preedy police station. He was arrested in a successful raid by Police at his home in DHA but surprisingly challan for keeping illegal weapons and narcotics was presented before court against him. Four cases were registered against him including manhandling with Arbab Ghulam Rahim, committing decoity, keeping illegal weapons and narcotics. Not only Agha Javed but his other family members were also after this incidence. Later he was released by the court due to lack of evidence against him.
Background.
It was Musharraf's eight year rule in uniform, with the help of his creation Pakistan Muslim League (Q). Soon before return of Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto in October 2007, Musharraf had warned her that if she wanted protection in Pakistan she should be "nice to him". Musharraf also told Mohtarma that he warned her "not to come back until after the elections", and threatened her, that he will only protect her if she is nice to him. Earlier, Musharraf and his political party had lost popularity, due to the Judicial crisis of 2007, which was followed by a massive defeat of PML(Q) in the General elections of 2008, but before that there were two brutal attacks on Pakistan Peoples Party processions, one turning fatal to Mohtarma and killing scores of party workers.
Arbab Ghulam Rahim, Tharparkar based PML(Q) politician, always used bad language and adopted insulting behavior for Mohtarma when he was in power, as Chief Minister of Sindh. Every party worker was angry on Arbab, that in spite of being a Sindhi, he was not honoring the Sindhi tradition of being respectful to women, had been talking indecent about Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto, calling her by shameful names in public addresses, declaring her a security risk, and talking about filing a case of goat theft against Asif Zardari. Above all, in spite of sympathizing on Mohtarma's tragic assassination he started giving controversial statements, hurting the emotions of a lot especially PPP workers.
Arbab was CM when PPP chairperson Benazir Bhutto’s homecoming motorcade was attacked near Karsaz by suicide bombers in October 2007. Workers of PPP never forgot all these acts of immorality, and their anger was multiplied when Musharraf's regime failed to provide proper security to Mohtarma at Rawalpindi, resulting in the loss of her life. 
In the background of these tragic events, party workers of PPP justify themselves to give this treatment to Arbab.
Biography.
Agha Javed a Sindhi Pathan was born and raised at Shikarpur, Sindh. He graduated from Liaquat University of Medical and Health Sciences, Jamshoro in 1996. He was a political activist since his student life and was General Secretary of Sindh People Students Federation during his college days. After graduation he moved to Karachi for postgraduation and got admission in Karachi University. Agha Javed Pathan shot to fame after hitting former Sindh chief minister Arbab Ghulam Rahim with a shoe.

</doc>
<doc id="31069850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069850" title="HMS Grinder (1809)">
HMS Grinder (1809)

Grinder was a gunboat serving as a tender, rather than a commissioned warship, to , the British garrison on the island of Anholt during the Gunboat War. "Grinder"s origins are obscure, but the Danes captured her in 1810 and the British recaptured her in 1811. She was sold in 1832.
Prelude - capture of Anholt.
On 18 May 1809, the 74-gun third rate HMS "Standard", under Captain Askew Hollis, led in a squadron that also included the frigate "Owen Glendower", and the four smaller ships , , and . Together they captured the island. A landing party of seamen and marines under the command of Captain William Selby of "Owen Glendower", with the assistance of Captain Edward Nicolls of the "Standard"s marines, landed. The Danish garrison of 170 men put up a sharp but ineffectual resistance that killed one British marine and wounded two; the garrison then surrendered. The British took immediate possession of the island.
Tender to HMS "Anholt".
In 1810 Captain Nicolls, now Governor of Anholt, was concerned about reports of a Danish force gathering in Jutland to retake Anholt. He therefore ordered boats off Anholt to maintain a watch over Randers and Grenå whenever the wind was fair. To this end he re-launched "GB "Grinder"", which had overwintered on the island. Nicolls gave "Grinder" a crew made up of 30 seamen and marines from the island's garrison and captained by Master's Mate Thomas Hester. Nicolls also assigned "Grinder" the mission of intercepting trade along the shore.
"Grinder" captured a Danish trading sloop "on the Swedish coast" on 17 March. On the following day Nicolls sent her “to look into the harbour of Harrup”, where she discovered a number of small Danish trading vessels and proceeded to capture five of them “...in sight of the enemies flotilla of gunboats”. Reportedly, these six were among 12 merchantmen that she had captured.
Capture by the Danes, (1810).
On 13 April 1810 "Grinder" was pursuing two small ships when Senior Lieutenant Peter Nicolay Skibsted, who with four Danish gunboats was convoying eight transport ships from Udbyhøj (at the mouth of the Randers Fjord, Jutland) to Samsø, spotted her. He immediately concealed his gunboats behind the transports, thus tricking "Grinder" into drawing closer. As soon as Hester noticed the stratagem, he tried to escape, but Skibsted was successful in the next 90 minutes in rowing up to him, and after a few shots were exchanged, forcing Hester to surrender. The muster rolls for HMS "Anholt" record Hester and 27 men as "discharged - prisoner in Denmark" on 17 April 1810. One man was recorded as having died.
"The Times" reported that "A Gottenburg mail has brought letters and papers to the 3rd inst. An article, under the date April 21, gives a long account of the capture of an English gun brig in the Baltic. This vessel had wintered at Anholt. Her loss was two men killed and two wounded. She proved to be the "Grinder", Lieutenant Esher."
Danish service (21 April 1810 to 5 July 1811).
The Danes brought "Grinder" into Samsø where they repaired her battle damage. They renamed her "Prise No.5", and Midshipman Oldelan then commissioned her on 21 April 1810; in Danish service she was armed with:
On 23 June 1810 "Prise No.5" sailed to Fladstrand (modern name Frederikshavn). There she joined the flotilla under Senior Lieutenant Falsen, which already included two large and two smaller gunboats, plus the captured . "Prise No.5" then moved to Skagen, (Northern Jutland) where a storm forced her aground on 4 and 5 August. She was refloated and in December she sailed to Fladstrand, where she was laid up. From March 1811 "Prise No.5" was based at Fladstrand.
Recapture (1811).
The Danes record that on 5 July 1811 the British recaptured "Prise No.5" between the islands of Hjelmen and Sejerø when the Fladstrand flotilla attacked a British convoy. On that day HMS "Sheldrake" was in company with the third rates , and , and the gun-brig , with the British warships protecting a convoy of merchantmen. As they passed Hjelm Island a flotilla of 17 Dano-Norwegian gunboats and 10 rowboats came out to attack the convoy. The attackers lost four gunboats; the convoy had no losses. During the action, "Sheldrake" captured the Danish gunboats "No. 2" and "No. 5".
Fate.
While laid up at Sheerness, "Grinder" was offered for sale by the Admiralty on 24 July 1832 and sold on 22 August the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="31069875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069875" title="Sid Ferris">
Sid Ferris

Sidney "Sid" Herbert Ferris (c. 1908) was an English long-distance cyclist who broke the records for Edinburgh-to-London, Land's End to John O'Groats, and 1,000 miles in 1937.
Sid Ferris won the North Road 24-hours Time Trial three years in succession and was a member of the winning Vegetarian Cycling and Athletic Club team in the Best All-rounder Competitions of 1930 and 1932.
His achievements were celebrated in 1937 when "Cycling Weekly" awarded him his own page in the "Golden Book of Cycling".
Personal life.
Sid Ferris' parents ran a cycle business at Hounslow and were reportedly known to the cycling fraternity as 'Mum and Dad Ferris'.
Sid Ferris had only one eye, so he wore a patch over his left eye.
Sid Ferris was born in Lambeth October 1907. Married Eileen Newman in 1935, they were married for 58 years. They had two daughters Pamela and Jennifer. Sid died in August 1993 ( six weeks after the passing of Eileen.)
Harry Ferris.
Sid's brother Harry (H.E.G.Ferris) ran 'Ferris Cycles', the bicycle shop and frame building business at 220 and 521 Bath Road, Hounslow, Middlesex, and was a successful amateur cyclist for 30 years. In Cycling Magazine, 1952, he advertised sophisticated "low temperature silver brazed" frames. He was known for his own unique designs and shapes. Harry was also a competitive cyclist, in September 1934 he broke the record for the 211 mile 'London-Bath-London' with a ride of 12 hours 2 minutes 23 seconds on his own design/build of tricycle.
Harry Ferris competed in solo, tandem and tricycle events from 1928-1959. He won several Gold awards from the 'Charlotteville Cycling Club' (Guildford) mostly for Club Records. Between 1925-1934 he also won Gold Medals from the 'Vegetarian and Athletic Club' including '210 miles on a Tricycle in 12hrs, and London to Bath and back. From 1932/33 Harry won Gold awards from 'South Western Cycling Club' in Solo and Tandem classes, these included a gold 'Southern Roads Medallion' for 12hrs. He won Silver awards from 'The Calleva Road Club', 'Southern Roads', 'Southern Counties Cycling Union', 'Southwest Roads Club', 'Charlotteville' and the 'Vegetarians & Athletic Clubs' among others.
Career.
Ferris rode for the Vegetarian Cycling and Athletic Club from the 1920s.
In 1930 he won the Anerley B.C. 12-hour time-trial with a score of 232½ miles.
A talented all-round rider, he competed in events from 25 miles to 24 hours. He was a member of the winning Vegetarian team in the Best All-rounder Competitions of 1930 and 1932 and he achieved 11th in the individual classification in 1933. Ferris won the North Road 24 Hours Time Trial three times in succession in 1932, 1933 and 1934.
Ferris turned professional in 1936. He was recruited by Raleigh Bicycle Company, along with Bert James and Charles Holland, to regain long distance records and to promote Sturmey-Archer hub gears against the new "continental" derailleur gears.
In June 1937, as a training ride for the Land's End to John O'Groats, Ferris covered the 379 miles from Edinburgh to London in 20 hours 19 minutes, beating the previous record by exactly 1½ hours. Unfortunately, this record breaking achievement was subsequently not recognised by the R.R.A. because an assistant had broken a rule. (See October below)
His long-distance cycling career peaked in July 1937 when he gained the two longest records on the books of the Road Records Association—the Land's End to John O'Groats and the 1,000 miles—from Australian cyclist Hubert Opperman. Ferris covered the 870 miles from Land's End to John O'Groats in 2 days 6 hours 33 minutes, beating Opperman's time by 2 hours 28 minutes. He continued to complete the 1,000 miles in 2 days 22 hours 45 minutes, 3 hours 7 minutes ahead of Opperman. The ride was completed without sleep. His record stood for 21 years.
In October 1937, when Ferris' first Edinburgh-to-London time was disallowed, Raleigh rushed him to Edinburgh on the night train for a second attempt. The prospective long night ride involved a challenge for Ferris' one good eye, which had already been strained on the Land's End to John O'Groats, but his bicycle was fitted with the new Dynohub and he endured 15 hours of darkness to break the R.R.A record.
In 1938 Ferris gained the R.R.A. 24-hour record with a distance of 465.75 miles, (461.75 miles) riding from Edinburgh to the South Coast and demonstrating the qualities of Raleigh's Dynohub.
Equipment.
In 1937 Ferris' Raleigh bicycle was equipped with Lauterwasser handlebars, and Sturmey Archer AR close ratio, three-speed hub gears, and latterly. the newly invented Raleigh Dynohub. This was the last Land's End to John O'Groats record that was set with hub gears rather than derailleur gears.
Commemoration.
The Golden Book.
Sid Ferris's achievements were celebrated in 1937 when "Cycling Weekly" awarded him his own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Cigarette card.
In 1939 Ferris was celebrated nationally when W.A. & A.C. Churchman issued a cigarette card of him in action. In a series of 50 cards called "Kings of Speed", he was featured on card no. 33 titled "S.H. Ferris".

</doc>
<doc id="31069876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069876" title="Curacao Punch">
Curacao Punch

Curacao Punch is a cocktail that comes from Harry Johnson's New and Improved Bartender's Manual (1882). Dale DeGroff, one of the most famous barmen in the world and author of The Craft of the Cocktail (Clarkson Potter, 2002), holds this to be his favorite forgotten potation.
References.
List of cocktails

</doc>
<doc id="31069884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069884" title="List of public art in Terre Haute, Indiana">
List of public art in Terre Haute, Indiana

This is a list of public art in Terre Haute, Indiana, and the surrounding area of Vigo County, Indiana.
This list applies only to works of public art accessible in an outdoor public space. For example, this does not include artwork visible inside a museum.
Most of the works mentioned are sculptures. When this is not the case (i.e. sound installation, for example) it is stated next to the title.

</doc>
<doc id="31069897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069897" title="Amrita Narlikar">
Amrita Narlikar

Amrita Narlikar is Reader in International Political Economy in the Department of Politics and International Studies (POLIS) at the University of Cambridge, founding Director of the Centre for Rising Powers, and a Fellow of Darwin College, Cambridge. She is an expert on international negotiations, the political economy of international trade, and rising powers.
Biography.
Narlikar read history for her B.A. at St. Stephen's College, Delhi and graduated in 1996 with a M.A. from the School of International Studies at Jawaharlal Nehru University, earning the highest marks in the school's record. She was subsequently educated at Balliol College Oxford, where she completed her M.Phil. and D.Phil. in International Relations in 2000. She was a Junior Research Fellow at St John's College Oxford and has held academic positions in various universities including a Visiting Fellowship at Yale University, and an International Visiting Chair at Université Libre de Bruxelles. She was a member of the Warwick Commission on Multilateral Trade.
Publications.
Narlikar is the author or editor of 10 books and has published more than 44 scholarly articles. Her books include "New Powers: How to become one and how to manage them" (Columbia University Press, 2010), "The World Trade Organization: A Very Short Introduction" (Oxford University Press, 2005), and "International Trade and Developing Countries: Coalitions in the GATT and WTO" (Routledge, 2003). She is the editor of "Deadlocks in Multilateral Negotiations: Causes and Solutions" (Cambridge University Press, 2010) and guest editor of a May 2013 special issue of "International Affairs" on rising powers.
Personal.
Narlikar is the daughter of journalist and author Aruna Narlikar and physicist Anant V. Narlikar. She is the granddaughter of physicist Vishnu Vasudev Narlikar.

</doc>
<doc id="31069911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069911" title="Putt Jattan De">
Putt Jattan De

Putt Jattan De () is a 1981 Punjabi action film produced by Devinder Singh Gill & Iqbal Dhillon and directed by Jagjit Gill. It is considered among the great hits in the history of Punjwood and has become a trendsetter of Punjabi Action movies. It stars Shatrughan Sinha, Dharmendra, Daljeet Kaur and Baldev Khosa in lead roles. The movie was a blockbuster hit across Punjab and nearby Punjabi speaking areas. Surinder Shinda and Mohammad Sadiq were playback singers and played villain role at the same time. 

</doc>
<doc id="31069933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069933" title="The New Troy">
The New Troy

Montevideo, or the new Troy () is an 1850 novel by Alexandre Dumas. It is a historical novel about the Uruguayan Civil War, where the Uruguayan presidents Manuel Oribe and Fructuoso Rivera disputed the rule of the country. The name sets a parallelism with the Trojan War, as Oribe kept Montevideo, capital of Uruguay, under siege for many years (known as the Great Siege of Montevideo).
The plot of the book makes a summary of the history of Uruguay, since the Spanish discovery to the Civil War. Juan Manuel de Rosas, Facundo Quiroga, José Gervasio Artigas, Bernardino Rivadavia or Giuseppe Garibaldi are thus treated as literary characters. Dumas describes Artigas and Rosas as barbaric, and Montevideo as a source of civilization. A similar dichotomy between "Civilization" and "Barbarism" was the theme of "Facundo", another antrosist book published by Domingo Faustino Sarmiento some years before. Dumas described Rosas, who supported Oribe, as a coward who avoided the Argentine War of Independence and took control of Buenos Aires with a barbaric horde, and Montevideo as a heroic city standing against him.
Dumas had never been to Uruguay, nor known first-hand about the war. His work was based on the reports of the antirosist Melchor Pacheco, who sought French support against Rosas, and thus twisted the information about Rosas's administration in order to get such support. It is likely that the similarities with Sarmiento's book were introduced by Pacheco's, as it would be unlikely that Dumas had read his work.
The book has been edited twice in Argentina, once during the 1960 decade, and then again in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31069946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069946" title="Green End">
Green End

Green End may refer to many villages in the United Kingdom:

</doc>
<doc id="31069981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069981" title="Mosque lamp">
Mosque lamp

Mosque lamps of glass, enamelled and often with gilding, survive in considerable numbers from the Islamic art of the Middle Ages, especially the 13th and 14th centuries, with Cairo in Egypt and Aleppo and Damascus in Syria the most important centres of production. They are oil lamps, usually with a large round bulbous body rising to a narrower waist, above which the top section is flared. There is usually a foot so they can be placed on a surface, but they were normally used suspended by chains that went through a number of loops on the outside of the body. They were used to light mosques and other buildings in mosque complexes, in large spaces in groups hanging from a circular metal frame.
The techniques used are typical of contemporary Islamic glass, with the enamel decoration applied to a pre-fired plain body, and the whole then fired for a second time. 
The coloured decoration may include Qu'ranic verses, especially the first part of the "Ayat an-Nur" or "Verse of Light" (24:35, see below), inscriptions and heraldic emblems recording the donor, as well as purely decorative motifs. By the 15th century production of all types of fine glass was in steep decline, a sign of which is that in 1569 the Ottoman Grand Vizier Sokullu Mehmed Pacha ordered 600 plain lamps of Venetian glass, perhaps to be decorated elsewhere. 
The Ottomans also made lamps of similar form in Iznik pottery, and Shah Abbas I of Persia gave plain silver lamps to hang by the tomb of Shaykh Safi at Ardabil; Persian miniatures show other examples from the 16th century in gold or brass and silver. Such opaque materials were much less effective as lighting, but the purpose of the lamp was symbolic as well as practical, related to the "Verse of Light". Mosque lamps are often shown in profile at the head of a prayer rug for the same reason. The decoration of the lamps often includes either the name or the symbol from Islamic heraldry of the donor, who usually gave a group of lamps. Other types of lighting in mosques were large metal lamp stands, like very wide candlesticks, which were also used in secular buildings. These could be very intricately decorated.
In 2000, three 14th-century Mamluk mosque lamps in pristine condition from the collection of Bethsabée de Rothschild sold at Christie's in London for £1,763,750 (US$2,582K), £993,750 (US$1,455K) and £641,750 (US$937K). In the second half of the 19th century, a number of forgeries, or expensive glass ornaments in the style of Mamluk lamps were produced in France and Italy.
The Verse of Light.
Qu'ran 24:35: 

</doc>
<doc id="31069989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31069989" title="Noah Z. Jones">
Noah Z. Jones

Noah Zachary Jones (born June 20, 1973) is an American animator, writer and illustrator. He is the creator of the television series "Fish Hooks" and "Almost Naked Animals". Jones was born in Fairport, New York, graduated from Fairport High School in 1991 and from Pacific Northwest College of Art in 1996. He lives in Los Angeles, California.
Early Life.
Noah Z. Jones was born on June 20th, 1973. He developed a love for drawing at a very young age and decided by then that he wanted to be an artist. After graduating from High School in 1991, Jones attended Pacific Northwest College of Art and majored in Illustration. While attending college, he began to write children's books. In 2006, Disney Channel called Jones and asked if he was interested in creating a television show. Jones accepted the offer and within two years his idea "Fish Hooks" went on the air in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31070000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070000" title="AUJ">
AUJ

AUJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070013" title="Decatur County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Decatur County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Decatur County Courthouse, located in Leon, Iowa, United States, was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the sixth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first courthouse in Decatur County was a log structure built in Leon in for $375. The county soon outgrew the building and it was replaced by a small structure that was declared unusable soon after it was built. The next courthouse was destroyed in a windstorm before it was finished, and a fire destroyed the fourth courthouse along with the county records. The fifth courthouse was a brick structure that was built for $20,000. In 1876, thieves attempted to open the Treasurer’s safe and when they set off explosives they blew up that side of the building, but were unable to crack the safe. The building was rebuilt and served as the county courthouse until the present building was opened in 1908. Iron, stone, steel, tile, brick, marble and granite were all used in its construction.

</doc>
<doc id="31070021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070021" title="Frederick Niels Larsen">
Frederick Niels Larsen

Frederick Niels Larsen (born January 15, 1932) is the President of the High Priesthood/Prophet of the Remnant Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and is the great grandson of Joseph Smith.
Early life.
Frederick Niels Larsen was born January 15, 1932 in the house occupied by his grandfather, Frederick M. Smith. The house in Kansas City, Missouri was the home of his parents Edward J. Larsen, a Danish immigrant and Lois A. (Smith) Larsen, daughter of the President/Prophet. The family moved to a 20 acre farm in East Independence in 1937. Here Fred was raised with a farm life and attended eight years at the DeKalb grade school located adjacent to the front yard of the farm home. After one year at the Independence Junior High School and one year at the William Chrisman High School the family moved to Santa Ana, California where Fred attended Garden Grove Union High School graduating in 1950.
Education.
While attending Graceland College in Lamoni, Iowa and the University of Kansas City, Missouri Fred concentrated his interests in the field of the Physical Sciences and graduated in 1959 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Chemistry.
Work experience.
While attending college he worked in the analytical laboratories of the Lake City Arsenal, the Great Lakes Pipeline Co., Chemagro Corporation, and the Bendix Corporation. He retired from Bendix (now Honeywell Corp.) in 1994 after 35 years of service. Fred served as a consultant in the field of Polymer Science at the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory in Livermore, California in 1975 and 1976. After “retirement” he joined his brother Daniel in a capital venture company, Infinity Inc., and assisted in building wastewater treatment plants in Chanute, Kansas and Cheyenne, Wyoming. Fred’s latest work effort has been with the City of Independence Police Department’s Crime Scene Unit where as a Forensic Chemist for the last 5 years he has analyzed illicit drugs and methamphetamine labs for the City and the Jackson County Drug Task Force. His retirement from full-time employment is scheduled for September 30, 2002.
Personal life.
Through his brother Steve’s arrangement, Fred met and later married Mary Louise Malott. Fred and Mary Lou, as she prefers to be called, celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary June 7, 2002. They have five children, Larry, Linda, Luann, Brian, and Stephen and ten grandchildren.
Church affiliation.
Fred has always had a close association in the Church with those descendents of Joseph Smith, Jr. He was blessed as a baby and confirmed a member of the Church by his grandfather, Frederick M. Smith; ordained to the office of Priest in 1956 by Israel A. Smith, his great uncle; ordained to the office of Elder by W. Wallace Smith, his great uncle and he and Mary received their Patriarchal Blessings by Elbert A. Smith, a second cousin. Fred was very active in his priesthood ministry at the East Alton and Beacon Heights R.L.D.S. branches in Independence. After 1984, he withdrew from active ministry until 1996 when he began to attend the Blue Springs Restoration branch and the Conference of Restoration Elders. Taking an active role in a Prayer and Study Group, Fred was one of the twelve signers of the “Proclamation and Invitation to the Faithful” in May, 1999. After the Remnant Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints was formally accepted as the true church in succession on April 6, 2000, Fred was ordained to the office of High Priest at the next Conference on April 8, 2001 and set apart as President of the High Priests Quorum.
After several inspirational experiences culminating in a revelatory message, Fred presented to the General Conference convening in April, 2002 a call to the office of President of the High Priesthood and the Church and Prophet, Seer and Revelator. The Conference unanimously accepted the call and Fred was ordained to that office of President/Prophet on April 6, 2002. Fred spends as much time as he can at the Office of the Presidency in the Church offices at the old William Chrisman High School until his retirement from the City Police Department. He looks forward with great enthusiasm to providing full-time leadership to the Remnant Saints and the Church in this last dispensation and in the preparation for building the Kingdom of God on this earth, even His Zion.

</doc>
<doc id="31070049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070049" title="Lengel">
Lengel

Lengel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070060" title="Beauty and the Beast (Merrie Melodies)">
Beauty and the Beast (Merrie Melodies)

Beauty and The Beast is a 1934 animated short film, directed by Isadore Freleng for Leon Schlesinger Productions as part of Warner bros. "Merrie Melodies" series. released on April 14, 1934, the short is notably the second Merrie Melodie in Color. It was one of the earliest WB cartoon's in Cinecolor.
Plot summary.
A little girl named Florry is eating too many snacks when she doesn't realize that it is her bedtime. Then the Sandman comes out of nowhere and, sure enough, Florry falls asleep in the blink of an eye. Just then, she has a dream that she is in Toyland, where she encounters all kinds of fairy tale characters. They sing her a welcome song and then meet a friendly toy soldier for the first time while marching in a Toyland parade. Just then, they open a book called "Beauty and the Beast" and sing the title song from out of the pages, but as soon as they are about to get to the next page, a horrible, monstrous beast is about to take her captive. Sure enough, it's an all-out brawl between Florry and the beast. Even a toy airplane can't soothe the savage beast. When she realizes that it's all a bad dream, she gets scared and jumps back into bed, but when she covers herself with the blanket, the flap of her pajamas hangs out when she goes back to sleep.

</doc>
<doc id="31070074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070074" title="PostPanic">
PostPanic

PostPanic is a Dutch hybrid film production company.
History.
PostPanic formed back in 1997 when Mischa Rozema Mischa rozema, Jules Tervoort and Mark Visser graduated from HKU (Hogeschool Kunst Utrecht) together.
Their graduation film "A Time Of Panic" was received to high acclaim and launched their careers in the Netherlands.
The name PostPanic is a reference to life after "A Time for Panic".
In 2007, Mark Visser left PostPanic to work on his own projects.
PostPanic moved to larger premises in Summer 2009 which also include extended post facilities. [http://www.thecoolhunter.co.uk/article/detail/1658]
PostPanic run their own series of inspiration nights called The PanicRoom [http://www.postpanic.com/thepanicroom/] for the Amsterdam creative community. Guest speakers have included Shynola, Pleix, Vincent Fournier, Radical Friend, Bif, Si Scott, Dvein, Niels Shoe Meulman, Alex Turvey, Fons Schiedon, UVA (United Visual Artists), Lucy McRae, HECQ and Motionographer. 2012 saw the first Panic Room hosted outside of Amsterdam, as part of the CutOut Fest in Mexico. Guests included Aaron Duffy, Physalia and HeyHeyHey.
PostPanic launched Panic Program in 2010 - an opportunity to create highly creative projects on limited budgets (reflecting the current economic climate and changing requirements of advertising agencies). Most importantly, Panic Program offers a new generation of emerging talent (including directors, designers, animators and vfx staff) the opportunity to step up and take on more senior roles within a project, supported by the resources and creative/ production experience at PostPanic.
In 2012, PostPanic embarked on their most ambitious personal project to date, Sundays - a feature film idea written and to be directed by PostPanic co-founder Mischa Rozema.
In order to keep Mischa's vision creatively pure, PostPanic decided to start off their dream with a short film which would act as a trailer for the larger feature film project.
They successfully raised over 50K US Dollars via the Sundays Kickstarter campaign. [http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1374452173/sundays-a-film-about-our-future]
Filming took place in Mexico City in November 2012 with US actor Brian Petsos taking on the male lead. The film is currently in post-production, due for completion late summer 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31070135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070135" title="Quartan prime">
Quartan prime

In mathematics, a quartan prime is a prime number of the form "x"4 + "y"4, where "x" > 0, "y" > 0. The odd quartan primes are of the form 16"n" + 1.
For example, 17 is the smallest odd quartan prime: 17 = 14 + 24.
The first few quartan primes are

</doc>
<doc id="31070146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070146" title="La Valentina">
La Valentina

La Valentina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070178" title="Mykola Marchak">
Mykola Marchak

Mykola Makarovych Marchak (; 5 January 1904 - 23 September 1938) was a Ukrainian and Soviet politician, who was the acting Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars of Ukrainian SSR (today's equivalent of prime-minister) from October 1937 to February 1938.
In 20 June 1938, Marchak was arrested and accused of belonging to an anti-Soviet Trotskyist organization. On 23 September 1938, Marchak was found guilty by the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the USSR and was sentenced death. Marchak was rehabilitated by the resolution of the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the USSR of 17 June 1958.
Biography.
Mykola Marchak was born in a peasant family in a small village in Khmelnytskyi Oblast, western Ukraine. 

</doc>
<doc id="31070208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070208" title="Price of gold">
Price of gold

Price of gold may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070209" title="La Valentina (1938 film)">
La Valentina (1938 film)

La Valentina is a Mexican musical drama film directed by Martín de Lucenay and starring Jorge Negrete and Esperanza Baur. The film was remade in 1966 as "La Valentina" starring María Félix and Eulalio González.

</doc>
<doc id="31070247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070247" title="Digital number">
Digital number

Digital number may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070273" title="Invasion of Nejd">
Invasion of Nejd

The Invasion of Nejd, happened in Rabi‘ Ath-Thani or Jumada Al-Ula, 4 A.H i.e. in October, 625 AD.
Muhammad led his fighters to Nejd to scare off some tribes he believed had suspicious intentions.
Some scholars say the Expedition of Dhat al-Riqa took place in Nejd as part of this invasion.
Background and Invasion.
After the Invasion of Banu Nadir, resulting in the expulsion of the Banu Nadir Jews, Muhammad stayed in Medina for two months. Then he received the news that certain tribes of Banu Ghatafan were assembling at Dhat al Riqa with suspicious purposes. The Ghatafan were an Arabian tribe, descended from Qais.
Meanwhile, the Muslim scouting groups reported building up of bedouin troops of Bani Muharib and Tha‘labah of Ghatfan around Madinah. According to the Sealed Nectar, Muhammad, with his Muslim warriors, hurriedly set out to discipline these new outlaws, cast fear into their hearts and deter them from perpetrating further practices. These deterring operations were carried out repeatedly and did produce effective results. The rebellious hard-hearted desert Bedouins were "terrorized" (as he put it) into the mountains, and Madinah became immune to their raids.
Expedition of Dhatur Riqa.
In the context of these invasions, a significant expedition known as the Dhat Ar-Riqa campaign which some scholars claim, took place in Najd (a large area of tableland in the Arabian Peninsula) in Rabi‘ Ath-Thani or Jumada Al-Ula, 4 A.H. They substantiate their claim by saying that it was strategically necessary to carry out this campaign in order to quell the rebellious bedouins in order to meet the exigencies of the agreed upon encounter with the polytheists, i.e. minor Badr Battle in Sha‘ban, 4 A.H. 
The most authentic opinion according to "Saifur Rahman al Mubararakpuri", however, is that Dhat Ar-Riqa‘ campaign took place after the fall of Khaibar (and not as part of the Invasion of Nejd). This is supported by the fact that Abu Hurairah and Abu Musa Al-Ash‘ari witnessed the battle. Abu Hurairah embraced Islam only some days before Khaibar, and Abu Musa Al-Ash‘ari came back from Abyssinia (Ethiopia) and joined Muhammad at Khaibar. The rules relating to the prayer of fear which Muhammad observed at Dhat Ar-Riqa‘ campaign, were revealed at the Asfan Invasion and this scholars say, took place after Al-Khandaq (the Battle of the Trench).

</doc>
<doc id="31070280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070280" title="Green Lake (Southland)">
Green Lake (Southland)

Green Lake is a lake in Hunter Mountains in the Southland Region of New Zealand located to the north of Lake Monowai. The lake has no surface outlets but probably feeds several streams draining to lake Monowai via springs. The lake is a basin in the debris of the Green Lake Landslide, which is the largest known above-sea-level landslide on earth. Steep escarpments on the north and east sides of the lake form the head scarp of the landslide, which has an estimated volume of .
The New Zealand Department of Conservation maintains a tramping hut on the northern shore, part of the Borland Road / Lake Monowai circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="31070296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070296" title="Jeremy Gregory">
Jeremy Gregory

Jeremy Gregory is a South-African born, Australian singer and musician. He has recorded with Australian bands The Rockmelons and Disco Montego, co-written minor commercial hits including "Let It Go" by Will Young, as well as performing his own work "That's What's Going Down", which was in the Australian Top 40 singles charts for three weeks, peaking at #31.
, Gregory is a member of the Australian band Village Kid.

</doc>
<doc id="31070333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070333" title="Art Museum Z33">
Art Museum Z33

Z33 Kunstencentrum (Art Museum Z33) is an experimental contemporary art and architecture museum in Hasselt, Belgium. 
Z33 stands for Zuivelmarkt 33, the former site of the Hasselt Beguinage. Since its acquisition by the Province of Limburg in 1938, the site has fulfilled a cultural function in the city centre in a variety of ways. In 1996, the Provinciaal Museum (Provincial Museum) and the multidisciplinary Centrum voor Kunsten-Begijnhof (Art Centre Beguinage) merged into the Provinciaal Centrum voor Beeldende Kunsten – Begijnhof (PCBK) (Provincial Centre for Fine arts – Beguinage). In 2002 the centre was renamed Z33. Since then, Z33 has exhibited both contemporary art and architecture through thematic projects. 
Z33 often uses its smaller experimental spaces to commission site specific works by notable international artists. Holding larger curated exhibitions in its other building 'Vleugel 58'. Since 2002 Z33 has exhibited artists including:
Larry Bell, Mark Dion, Olafur Eliasson, Frederic Geurts, Atelier van Lieshout, Barry McGee, Dan Perjovschi, Mika Rottenberg, Santiago Sierra 
Z33 also organises and coordinates many of the province of Limburg's cultural institutions, such as FLACC Werkplaats voor Beeldende Kunstenaats (Workplace for Visual Arts), CIAP Art Centre, and the Design Platform Limburg. 
In 2011, Z33 was announced as the host for Manifesta 9, the contemporary cultural biennale.

</doc>
<doc id="31070354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070354" title="Delaware County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Delaware County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Delaware County Courthouse, located in Manchester, Iowa, United States, was built in 1894. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first courthouse in Delaware County was a log structure in Delhi. The two-story structure measured 18 by 24 feet and had no roof. Jurors were required to climb a ladder to the jury room on the second floor. A second courthouse was built in 1850 and because there were no contractors available to build the building it was constructed by citizens who used their own tools. The present courthouse was built when the county seat moved to Manchester, and it was completed in 1894 for $38,000. The clock in the tower was paid for with contributions from 700 county citizens.
Architecture.
C.E. Bell designed the Romanesque Revival building, which is constructed of red pressed brick. The main body of the building measures 76 by 100 feet. The tower and spire are 135 feet (41 m) high, and the walls of the building are 18 inches (45.7 cm) thick. The decorative metal ceilings on the first floor and the elaborate woodwork are original to the building.

</doc>
<doc id="31070367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070367" title="Techxetra">
Techxetra

TechXetra(Assamese:টেকক্ষেত্ৰ, Hindi: टेकक्षेत्र) is the National Level Annual Technical Festival of Tezpur University, India. TechXetra is a combination of two words- Tech and Xetra. ‘Tech’ refers to Technology and ‘Xetra’ meaning terrain. It is one of the common platforms in North-East India to showcase knowledge and intellect. A blend of different technical and management events, it has cultural events as well. TechXetra attracts enthusiasts from various parts of India. It is the one of those technical festivals of North-East India, which reaches out to both engineering and non-engineering students.
Tezpur University (a Central University).
Tezpur University is an Indian Central University, established by an Act of Parliament in 1994 in Tezpur, Assam. It is situated in a place of scenic beauty called Napaam surrounded by greenery and with many historic and tourist places. It offers employment oriented and interdisciplinary courses viz. Engineering, Humanities, Business Administration, Science and many others, to meet the regional as well as the national aspirations and the development of the state of Assam and India. It also promotes research in areas, which are of special and direct relevance to the region, and in the emerging areas in Science and Technology.
TechXetra over the years, a brief overview.
TechXetra saw the light of the day on 17 October 2008. Its main vision was to provide a platform for the budding technical and non-technical students of North-East India to showcase their talents in their respective fields of interest. In 2009, it made an effort to bring in the necessary resources and innovative events. TechXetra 2010 emerged out to be the one of the technically sound festivals of the region. It had an able blend of science and technology coalesced with cultural events. It had 30 plus events and witnessed large participation.
TechXetra 2011 was organised with 45 plus competitive events, besides workshops conducted by firms, debate competitions, quizzes with quiz-master "Mr. Ochintya Sharma, President", Karnataka Quiz Association etc.
The invited speakers in the lecture series were:
The Indian death metal band Bhayanak Maut performed and judged the finals of "Metanoia 2011".
Also, there was Anushka Manchanda performing on the last night of TechXetra 2011.
TechXetra 2012 had 60 plus competitive events, along with technical workshops, debate competitions and quiz with "Mr. Vijay Anand Menon", Economic Times Young Achiever, 2011 etc.
The invited speakers included were:
Euphoria (Indian band), one of the most popular and oldest bands in India, ended the journey of Techxetra 2012.
TechXetra 2013 was organized from October 25 to October 27, 2013 with more than 70 different events which included various technical, creative and cultural events. Techxetra 2013 was held on the theme of Water:"Wherewithal with Wisdom" to promote water conservation in accordance with United Nation’s International Year of Water Cooperation.
The invited speakers in the lecture series were:
Sycorax from Darjeeling was the headlining band in Metanoia. Bollywood singer Benny Dayal performed on the last night.
Modules.
Events in TechXetra:

</doc>
<doc id="31070392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070392" title="Donald George Mackay">
Donald George Mackay

Donald George Mackay CBE (29 June 187017 September 1958) was an Australian outdoorsman, long-distance cyclist, and explorer who conducted several expeditions to the remotest areas of the Australian continent.
Early life.
Donald George Mackay was born on 29 June 1870 at Yass, New South Wales, son of Alexander Mackay, owner of Wallendbeen station, and his wife Annie. Mackay was educated at Wallendbeen Public School and at Oaklands School, Mittagong. After a brief engineering apprenticeship he worked for his father until the latter's death in 1890. During 1890-99 Mackay travelled extensively abroad, and later prospected for gold in western New South Wales.
Cycling expedition around Australia.
In July 1899 Mackay belatedly joined brothers Alex and Frank White to become the first men to travel around the continent of Australia on a bicycle. Mackay’s 24-in. frame, 29 lb. "DUX" bicycle was especially strengthened to carry Mackay’s weight plus his gear, which included two water cans, a set of tools and bicycle parts, a camera, waterproof rain cloak, diary, food bag, and revolver.
Though Frank White had to abandon the attempt due to mechanical problems, Alex White and Donald Mackay successfully completed the circuit of the Australian continent and returned to Brisbane in March 1900. Though he came in third behind Alex White and Arthur Richardson, he set a record-breaking time of 240 days after an 11,500 mile (17,703 km) ride. On 27 June, Mackay was given a silver presentation trophy valued at 26 guineas (£27 6s) by the Dunlop Tyre Company "in recognition of his meritorious cycle ride around Australia."
Later explorations.
Mackay married Amy Isabel Little on 16 April 1902 at Homebush, Sydney. Their home at Port Hacking was on an estuary, facilitating the couple's love of fishing and sailing. Mackay led and financed an expedition to Papua in 1908 to investigate the headwaters of the Purari River. During the following decade he sailed a yacht in the South Pacific, visiting New Zealand and the Dutch East Indies.
In 1926 Mackay financed and accompanied the first of several expeditions to Australia's Northern Territory. During the first expedition, which utilized camel transport, Mackay accompanied anthropologist Dr Herbert Basedow to the Petermann Ranges. In 1928 they explored Arnhem Land.
Aerial survey 1930.
Beginning in 1930, Mackay supervised several aerial survey expeditions to Central Australia. The 1930 expedition surveyed the south-western corner of the Northern Territory. Mackay utilised two ANEC III aircraft for the survey, piloted by Captain Frank Neale and Captain H. B. Hussey, with Commander Harry T. Bennett as the navigator and surveyor. The team employed Bob Buck, a well known bushman of Central Australia, to establish a base in the Ehrenberg Range west of Alice Springs. Buck set out with a camel team two months prior to the survey party to take fuel and supplies to the base known as Ilbilba (also spelt Ilbpilla). Using the base as the hub of an imaginary wheel, Commander Bennett had the aircraft fly directly outbound for 250 miles, turn to fly the short side of a triangle, then fly directly inbound to the base making another 250 mile spoke of the wheel. The party made 15 survey flights over 24 days covering an area of 67,000 square miles, mapping and correcting the dimensions of Lake Amadeus and finding a previously unknown Lake Mackay,() the second largest lake in Australia. The expedition finished at Adelaide on 28 June 1930.
Aerial survey 1933.
The second series of surveys began from Sydney 20 May 1933 using a new aircraft, the Percival Gull bought by Donald Mackay especially for the flights. It was a fast low winged monoplane designed by Australian Edgar Percival, but built in England. Once again Bob Buck with 50 camels set out early to Docker Creek (now Docker River) in the Petermann Ranges, which was to be the new base early in the series. A backup aircraft was a Gipsy Moth piloted by T.Robertson with wireless operator Kingsley Love as crew. In early July, there was great concern at the Docker Creek base when Mackay and Neale in the Percival Gull failed to return from a flight to Lake Anec. The backup Gipsy Moth with Robertson and Bennett aboard began a search and discovered the missing aircraft bogged on the edge of the salt lake. The rescue crew were guided to a safe landing place by signals from the men on the ground, and they needed to remain overnight as all four men were required to manoeuvre the bogged aircraft to firm ground. This was done the next day, and both aircraft returned safely to base. As flights were completed, the main base was moved to Roy Hill then Fitzroy Crossing, enabling a larger area of Western Australia to be surveyed. The survey took seven weeks, and finished when the members returned to Sydney in mid-July 1933. An "S" shaped series of salt lakes found on this survey were named Percival Lakes (), after the aircraft designer.
Aerial survey 1935.
The third in the series of Mackay aerial survey flights departed Sydney 17 June 1935. Two aircraft were employed, the main one being a Monospar piloted by Frank Neale, and the backup being a Puss Moth owned and piloted by B.G.M. Shepherd, with Captain Wilkinson as radio operator. The survey area was to the north of the transcontinental railway line across the Nullabor Plain. The first base used was Cook, followed in turn by Forrest, Rawlinna and Laverton in Western Australia. Finally, a return to Oodnadatta was needed to cover a previously missed area. The party returned to Sydney 22 July 1935 after a successful expedition during which many new lakes and mountains were mapped. Lake Jubilee north-east of Rawlinna being one such lake, named for the jubilee of King George V.
Aerial survey 1937.
The fourth and last aerial survey by Donald Mackay used a de Havilland Dragonfly as the primary aircraft and a Puss Moth owned and flown by J.Pollock. Frank Neale was chief pilot, Commander H.T.Bennett was navigator and E.B.Ferguson radio operator. They departed Mascot aerodrome (Sydney) on 19 July 1937 and made their way via various stops en route to Hermannsburg to fill in some gaps in the earlier work of 1933 and 1935. A chain of lakes north of Mount Conner in the Northern Territory was discovered, and they proved to be an extension of the string of lakes which included Lake Hopkins, Lake Neale and Lake Amadeus. Once completed they flew to Tanami north-west of Alice Springs to start the main work of surveying a large portion of the north-west of Western Australia. Several bases were used in the following weeks including Roy Hill, Fitzroy Crossing, Wave Hill, and Tennant Creek. Most of the flights resulted in the discovery of new salt lakes and some low ranges of hills. These surveys produced far more useful maps than had previously existed, and they were donated to the Commonwealth government and to the Mitchell Library in Sydney by Mackay.
Later career.
Mackay was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1934 and raised to Commander level (CBE) in 1937. He received recognition from the Australian public as a pioneering Australian explorer, whose travels significantly increased man's knowledge of remote areas.
Mackay died on 17 September 1958 in Sutherland Shire Hospital near Sydney. A widower, he had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="31070394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070394" title="Demyan Korotchenko">
Demyan Korotchenko

Demian Serhiyovych Korotchenko (; 29 November 1894 – 7 April 1969) was a Ukrainian and Soviet politician, who twice served as the head of government of Ukrainian SSR (today's equivalent of prime-minister).
Biography.
Demian Korotchenko was born in a peasant family in a small village in Sumska Oblast, eastern Ukraine. 

</doc>
<doc id="31070443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070443" title="Transzap">
Transzap

Transzap is an Epayables, accounts payable automation, business intelligence software and information technology services company located in Denver, Colorado.
Company Information.
Transzap, Inc. was founded in 1999, by a team of energy industry operations and accounting software veterans. Transzap's founders created a suite of software as a service (SaaS) solutions, known throughout the energy industry as the Oildex brand.
In 2010 and 2011, Transzap was named one of the Deloitte Fast 500, one of the fastest growing technology companies in North America by Deloitte and Touche. Transzap was also named to the Inc 5000, in 2011, as one of the fastest growing private companies in North America by Inc Magazine.
Certifications.
Transzap is SAS 70 Type II certified.
Solutions.
Product Innovation.
Delivered via the Internet, Transzap's software provides spend analysis and an information exchange for buyers and suppliers.
Oildex – Energy Solutions.
Transzap provides a suite of energy industry-specific data exchanges through its Oildex service line.

</doc>
<doc id="31070456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070456" title="The Wise Quacking Duck">
The Wise Quacking Duck

The Wise Quacking Duck is a 1943 "Looney Tunes" cartoon released by Warner Bros. on May 1, 1943. It stars Daffy Duck.
Synopsis.
The cartoon begins with Mr. Meek carrying an axe in his hands. He turns to the audience and exclaims: "My wife, Sweetypuss, says if I don't have a roast duck for dinner, she'll cook my goose."
The scene cuts to Daffy eating corn while singing "I Dream of Jeanie with the Light Brown Hair" minding his business. A shadow of Meek is show getting ready to chop off Daffy's head. Then he jumps and shout "Watch it, Bub!" directly in his face.
After a brief talk to Meek, he flicks his beak at his face and marches to a hay stack. Meek chops the stack various times and on the last chop, he thinks he kills the duck. Daffy fakes his death by squirting ketchup and crying "You crushed my little head." This fools Meek by pretending he is beheaded and runs rapidly.
Meek feels sad and goes back to his house, where Daffy is seen pouring coffee into a cup. Meek guiltly tells him that he has killed a duck. He cheers up Meek into giving him a cup of coffee and asks how much "lumps" does his wife usually give him. Meek shows Daffy a lump on his head and Daffy gives him another lump and some cream. Daffy dances on the cakes and pies, singing "Shortening Bread" and Meek replies "Say. That's that Daffy Duck." Daffy throws a pie at him, leading into a war between himself and Meek.
Daffy goes into army plane mode, by dropping an egg on Meek as a "Secret Bomb Site." Next, he goes into battle weapontry mode, by making various sounds and smashing hosehold items. After all the fun and games are over, Meek gets mad, which causes the egg to fry on his head.
Daffy runs off, but is caught by Meek with a shotgun. He puts it up to Daffy's face and orders him to get in the oven. Daffy goes into his stripper mode and performs a striptease to the tune "It Had to be You."
The war continues through some parts of the cartoon, including a fortune teller (referring to Jerry Colonna). Going back to the curve run scene, Daffy says "No no. Not twice in a same picture." Meek blows the feathers off him and throws him in the oven. When he hears Daffy cries he fells guilty and opens the door. The cartoon ends with Daffy bathing himself in gravy saying "Say. Now you're cooking with gas."
Availability.
The short is presented uncut on the "" in Disc 3.

</doc>
<doc id="31070461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070461" title="So Alive">
So Alive

So Alive may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070473" title="The Karminsky Experience">
The Karminsky Experience

The Karminsky Experience is a DJ and recording artist duo consisting of James Munns and Martin Dingle. Munns and Dingle began DJing together in small London clubs in the early 1990s and had a long stint of several successful club nights throughout England. Their full-length debut, "The Power of Suggestion", was released on the Eighteenth Street Lounge Music label in 2003. They are most known for their LP releases of "The Power of Suggestion" and "Snapshot" both of which were released under the ESL music label, which was founded by Rob Garza and Eric Hilton of Thievery Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="31070482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070482" title="Mono Inc.">
Mono Inc.

Mono Inc. is a German gothic rock band. The band's influences are HIM, The Sisters Of Mercy, Depeche Mode, Unheilig, The Cure, The Smiths, Placebo, New Order and even Metallica.

</doc>
<doc id="31070486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070486" title="Gremlins (Atari 2600)">
Gremlins (Atari 2600)

Gremlins is a 1984 video game developed and published by Atari for the Atari 2600 system. It is a tie-in to the 1984 film "Gremlins". Atari released another, substantially different game based on the film for the Atari 5200.
History.
"Gremlins", directed by Joe Dante, was the center of a major merchandising push in the months surrounding its release. Atari developed video game tie-ins for both of its contemporary consoles, the Atari 2600 and the Atari 5200. Though both were produced by the same company and were based on the same film, differences in the two consoles resulted in two considerably different games. Atari intended to release both along with the film in 1984, but the company stopped shipment of all its games after its reorganization that year. Atari first previewed the 2600 version of the game at the 1984 Consumer Electronics Show in Chicago; it was released in limited numbers later that year, and became moderately rare. The 5200 version did not receive its release until 1986.
The 2600 version consists of two playable screens derived from video game styles popular at the time. The game can be played by one player, or two players alternating turns. The first screen is similar to the 1981 game "Kaboom".
The player controls protagonist Billy Peltzer, who runs side-to-side across the screen catching falling Mogwai to prevent them from eating hamburgers. In the second screen, similar to "Space Invaders", the player moves Billy back and forth across the screen and shoots waves of descending gremlins.
The 2600 version is generally considered the inferior of Atari's two "Gremlins" games. Video game writer Brett Wiess calls it "derivative" and lacking in originality in its game play. The Video Game Critic awarded the game a "D" rating, criticizing the game for its "uninspired" gameplay and for requiring the "stiff, imprecise" joystick controller to be used instead of the paddle controller used by "Kaboom". Humorist Seanbaby criticized it for its premise of defending hamburgers from gremlins as "clumsily rearranged Hamburglar game, or maybe the developers never expected it to be scrutinized by someone with my knowledge of where cheeseburgers are stored."

</doc>
<doc id="31070495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070495" title="Valerik (poem)">
Valerik (poem)

"Valerik" () is a war poem published in 1843 by the Russian Romantic writer Mikhail Lermontov.
The battle.
The Battle of the Valerik River was fought on July 11, 1840, between the Imperial Russian Army and Chechen mountain tribesman, as part of the Russian conquest of the Caucasus.
Mikhail Lermontov, a lieutenant in the Tenginsky Regiment, showed exemplary valor in the battle. Eyewitness accounts describe him astride a white horse, leading his men into battle with reckless abandon. The official battle report stated:
For this, Lermontov was awarded the Order of St. Vladimir Fourth Class, but he never received the award as his name was removed from the final list of recipients by Czar Nicholas I, who harbored a strong dislike for the contumacious poet.
The poem.
After the battle, Lermontov struggled to find a way to express his experience. His own feelings about combat were mixed - he wrote in a letter that he had developed "a taste for war" as a gamble with death and with breezy sarcasm described "the ravine where this fun took place", but the poem he wrote ultimately viewed war as a senseless slaughter, and he and the fighters (on both sides) as "beasts" violating the beautiful world of his beloved pristine Caucasus
Although the poem contains battle scenes both stirring and grisly (which correlate in great detail to the official action report), it ends on a pensive note as the protagonist sits on a drum after the battle:
"Valerik" was first published (with omissions) posthumously in 1843 in the anthology "Dawn".
Because of the poem's designation of the Valerik as the River of Death (the Chechen name (Valargthe) does actually mean "river of the dead"), the term "Valerik" is still used occasionally in Russia as a metaphor for "place of slaughter".

</doc>
<doc id="31070512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070512" title="Powerhaul">
Powerhaul

Powerhaul may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070516" title="Bullying in academia">
Bullying in academia

Bullying in academia is workplace bullying of scholars and staff in academia, especially places of higher education such as colleges and universities. It is believed to be common, although has not received as much attention from researchers as bullying in some other contexts 
Workplace bullying.
Bullying is the longstanding violence, physical or psychological, conducted by an individual or group and directed against an individual who is not able to defend himself in the actual situation, with a conscious desire to hurt, threaten, or frighten that individual or put him under stress.
Workplace bullying ranges into the following categories.
Bullying and academic culture.
Several aspects of academia lend themselves to the practice and discourage its reporting and mitigation. Its leadership is usually drawn from the ranks of faculty, most of whom have not received the management training that could enable an effective response to such situations. The perpetrators may possess tenure — a high-status and protected position – or the victims may belong to the increasing number of adjunct professors, who are often part-time employees. 
Academic mobbing is arguably the most prominent type of bullying in academia. tenure promotion 
Academic victims of bullying may also be particularly conflict-averse.
The generally decentralized nature of academic institutions can make it difficult for victims to seek recourse, and appeals to outside authority have been described as "the kiss of death." Therefore, academics who are subject to bullying in workplace are often cautious about notifying problems. Social media is recently used to reveal bullying in academia anonymously. 
Bullying research credits an organizational rift in two interdependent and adversarial systems that comprise a larger structure of nearly all colleges and universities worldwide: faculty and administration. While both systems distribute employee power across standardized bureaucracies, administrations favor an ascription-oriented business model with a standardized criteria determining employee rank. 
Faculty depend on greater open-ended and improvised standards that determine rank and job retention. The leveraged intradepartmental peer reviews (although often at a later time, these three reviews are believed to be leveraged by the fact the peers determine promotions of one another at later times) of faculty for annual reappointment of tenure-track, tenure, and post-tenure review is believed to offer "unregulated gray area" that nurture the origin of bullying cases in academia. Although tenure and post-tenure review lead to interdepartmental evaluation, and all three culminate in an administrative decision, bullying is commonly a function of administrative input before or during the early stages of inteadepartmental review.
Mobbing.
Kenneth Westhues' study of mobbing in academia found that vulnerability was increased by personal differences such as being a foreigner or of a different sex; by working in a post-modern field such as music or literature; financial pressure; or having an aggressive superior. Other factors included envy, heresy and campus politics.
Manifestations.
The bullying in this workplace has been described as somewhat more subtle than usual. Its recipients may be the target of unwanted physical contact, violence, obscene or loud language during meetings, be disparaged among their colleagues in venues they are not aware of, and face difficulties when seeking promotion. It may also be manifested by undue demands for compliance with regulations.
Effects.
A 2008 study of the topic, conducted on the basis of a survey at a Canadian university, concluded that the practice had several unproductive costs, including increased employee turnover.
Incidence.
In 2008 the United Kingdom's University and College Union released the results of a survey taken among its 9,700 members. 51% of respondents said they had never been bullied, 16.7% that they had occasionally experienced it, and 6.7% that they were "always" or "often" subjected to bullying. The results varied by member institutions, with respondents from the University of East London reporting the highest incidence.
The "Times Higher Education" commissioned a survey in 2005 and received 843 responses. Over 40% reported they had been bullied, with 33% reporting "unwanted physical contact" and 10% reporting physical violence; about 75% reported they were aware that co-workers had been bullied. The incidence rate found in this survey was higher than that usually found via internal polling (12 to 24 percent).
Author C. K. Gunsalus describes the problem as "low incidence, high severity," analogous to research misconduct. She identifies the aggressors' misuse of the concepts of academic freedom and collegiality as a commonly used strategy.
Bullying of medical students.
In a 2005 British study, around 35% of medical students reported having been bullied. Around one in four of the 1,000 students questioned said they had been bullied by a doctor, while one in six had been bullied by a nurse. Manifestations of bullying included:
Further reading.
Books
Academic papers

</doc>
<doc id="31070528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070528" title="Brody House">
Brody House

Brody House is an exclusive private members arts club and residence established in 2009 in Budapest, Hungary, by the founders William Clothier and Peter Grundberg. The house is named after Hungarian writer Sandor Brody. Membership is by invitation only and offered to people who have noteworthy creative, innovative or artistic lives, work or influences.The Club is affiliated with several prestigious clubs around the world including The Arts Club in London, The Spoke Club in Toronto.
Under Soviet rule and communism, private members clubs all but disappeared in Budapest, but the creation of the likes of Brody House has marked the return of such establishments in the region. The House has attracted media attention for its creative design, bohemian club life style and famous and noteworthy arts, media, music and film visitors and members. It has featured in numerous music videos including: ‘Down’ by Balazs Feher and ‘Fuzzy Fuzzy’ by The Stagger Rats which was produced by Oasis producer Owen Morris.
The house itself was formerly an annex to the Hungarian Parliament located next door before it was relocated in 1896 to its current location on the banks of the Danube (Hungarian Parliament Building). The house has since then housed the Hungarian prime minister Miklos Kallay and other noteworthy city mayors as well as illustrious writers, musicians, film and music producers.
Brody House's hotel has rooms with art by a variety of artists, including Alexander Tinei (Moldova) and Morris Tepper (USA), Etienne De Fleurieu (France), Bo Droga (UK), Yusuke Fukui (Japan) and Emily Salford (Sweden).

</doc>
<doc id="31070529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070529" title="Driggers D1-A">
Driggers D1-A

The Driggers D1-A is an American-built light high-wing single-seat sporting monoplane of the late 1920s.
Design and development.
Willard A. Driggers of Washington, DC and Willow Grove, Pennsylvania designed and built the D1-A in 1929. It is a parasol high-wing monoplane with the aerofoil braced from the upper fuselage and lower fuselage. A fixed tailwheel undercarriage is fitted. The tailplane is set high on the rear fuselage and is braced. The rounded fin has a large rudder area. The 60 h.p. Lawrance L-4 engine is fitted within an elegant curved cowling with the cylinder heads protruding to allow air cooling. The D1-A has manufacturers number 1 and is registered "N891H". Driggers went on to design and build the two-seat Driggers D2-A in 1933.
Operational history.
The builder and owner flew the D1-A from 1929 until 1936, when it was damaged in a ground loop. It was named "Sunshine Girl III". The aircraft was stored until 1968 when an Experimental Aircraft Association group rebuilt it for static exhibition. It is currently displayed at the EAA museum at Oshkosh Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="31070562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070562" title="Jacinta Brondgeest">
Jacinta Brondgeest

Jacinta Brondgeest (aka Jacinta) is an Australian-American singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and electronic dance music artist.
Life and career.
Jacinta was born in Portland, Oregon, USA, but at four months her family relocated to Sydney, Australia. After years of playing in bands, in 1997 Jacinta decided to take the solo artist route (with a solo name), writing and performing her own dance music around Australia. Eventually, she started her own record label, Chunky Music, as well, releasing her album, Sandalwood: Under the Influence, in 2000. The single "Fly"(Dark Hours) had enough play on Australian radio that it landed Jacinta a writing gig for the Australian/Canadian children's television show The Saddle Club, which spawned the single “Wonderland”, which hit #17 on the Australian ARIA Charts.,
After moving to Austin, Texas, to try her luck in the States, in 2005 Jacinta issued her second album, Smokescreen, whose first single, "Sunshine," had its own album of remixes that came out the same year. Destination followed in 2006, then top10 Billboard Dance Hit “Can’t Keep It A Secret” in 2007, and “Electric Universe” in 2008.
Billboard Magazine Chart Hits—In 2006, Sunshine rose to #20 on the Billboard Hot Club Play Chart, and in that same year, Destination climbed to #23.
In 2007, Can't Keep it a Secret climbed to #7 on the Billboard Magazine Hot Club Play Chart.
Her debut on the European Dance scene came in 2009 with “Share The Tears” by AurA and “Lost in A Dream” by Javah both featuring Jacinta’s vocals.
Jacinta has played an artist showcase during the 2011 SXSWmusic conference in Austin Texas, March 18, 2011.
AWARDS.
In March 2008, Jacinta was a nominee for Best Break-Through Artist at The WMC Winter Music Conference International Dance Music Awards, and in 2010 won first place in the USA Songwriting Competition for her song Can't Keep it a Secret (Dance/Electronica category)
Jacinta is a 2010 finalist (with her song Electric Universe) in the International Songwriting Competition (ISC)

</doc>
<doc id="31070571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070571" title="Sound of My Heart">
Sound of My Heart

Sound of My Heart is the second English language album by German synthpop band Hubert Kah. It was released in 1989. The album wasn't as successful as the previous album Tensongs however many singles from this album appeared on the US Dance Chart.
Four singles were released from the album, "It's Me, Cathy (Follow My Heart)", "Welcome, Machine Gun", "So Many People" and "Military Drums" which only featured as a bonus track on the Japanese edition.
Shortly after this album, Hubert Kah split up due to lead vocalist Hubert Kemmler suffering from depression and health issues. The next album wouldn't be until 1996 which didn't feature guitarist/keyboardist Markus Löhr or bassist Klaus Hirschburger.
Chart performance.
Singles.
Military Drums
Welcome, Machine Gun
So Many People
Cathy

</doc>
<doc id="31070582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070582" title="Ben Moor">
Ben Moor

Ben Moor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070588" title="Peter Walker (brewer)">
Peter Walker (brewer)

Peter Walker was the name of two men, both within the same family, who became involved in various companies in the United Kingdom brewing industry, including two called Peter Walker.
Peter Walker.
The first Peter Walker was the owner and master brewer at the Fort Brewery in Ayr, Scotland. The family home was at Auchinflower, Ayrshire, where his three sons Andrew, John and Peter were brought up.
Walker founded the Peter Walker Brewery, and expanded the organisation south of the border to Warrington and Burton upon Trent through the assistance of investors.
As the business expanded, he handed daily running over to eldest son Andrew. This disappointed his other two sons, who decided to branch out on their own.
Peter Walker & Son.
The original business was renamed Peter Walker & Son. Andrew further expanded the business south, building new brewing facilities in both Warrington (Walkers of Warrington, founded in 1864), and Burton.
In 1879, on the death of his father, Andrew gained control of the business, and in 1890 converted the private company into the publicly listed Peter Walker & Son Warrington & Burton Ltd. The later Sir Andrew pioneered many of the innovations in brewing production, beer distribution and pub management that we take for granted today, including patenting the Burton Union System. The group had a chain of pubs in the Liverpool and the north west of England, many of which today still carry the slogan "Walkers Warrington Ale" in their frosted glass. 
After his death in 1893, with his son William now chairman, the company merged with Cains Brewery in 1921, and then Tetley's Brewery of Leeds in 1960, to form Tetley Walker. This company was one of the founding partners of Allied Breweries.
Peter Walker & Co.
In 1860, youngest son Peter bought the Willow Brewery in Wrexham from Robert Evans. Later joined by his brother, the pair expanded their brewery and public house chain across to Burton, before expanding southwards. After the death of both brothers, the company was sold to Atkinsons.
Peter Walker history.
Peter Walker was a member of a Scottish brewing family that settled in Liverpool. His brother founded the Walker Art Gallery. In 1860 Peter bought the small Willow Brewery in Willow Road, Wrexham, and developed it into the largest brewery in the town. He served as Mayor of Wrexham in 1866 and 1867 but after his disappointment at not being elected for a third term in 1881 he decided to move his business to Burton on Trent in Staffordshire. He laid the foundation stone for his new brewery in February 1882 but died just two months later. He left instructions for his executors to close the Willow Brewery. It closed in 1883 and the buildings were bought by Wrexham Council to house their main depot, workshops, stables, offices, electricity generator, public baths and laundry and assembly rooms. This depot was used until it was gutted by fire and demolished in the 1970s. All that remains now are the railings alongside the River Gwenfro. He is buried in the Ruthin Road Cemetery, Wrexham. When he died he was the prospective Conservative parliamentary candidate for Denbighshire and left a considerable estate.

</doc>
<doc id="31070600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070600" title="James Travers (journalist)">
James Travers (journalist)

James Travers (c. 1948 – March 3, 2011) was a Canadian journalist, best known as an editor and political correspondent for the "Toronto Star".
Born in Hamilton, Ontario, Travers began his journalism career in 1972 with the "Oakville Journal Record" in Oakville. He later joined Southam Newspapers, working as a foreign correspondent covering Africa and the Middle East. He served as the editor of the "Ottawa Citizen" from 1991 to 1996, when he resigned shortly after Southam sold the paper to Hollinger. 
He joined the "Toronto Star" as an editor the following year, later returning to column writing as the paper's national affairs columnist. He won a National Newspaper Award in 2009 for a column titled "The quiet unravelling of Canadian democracy".
Following the announcement of his death, tributes were delivered in the Canadian House of Commons by several political figures, including Stephen Harper, Michael Ignatieff and Bob Rae.
Friends and colleagues of Jim Travers have established a fellowship fund to finance significant foreign reporting projects by Canadian journalists - staffers, freelancers or students - working in any medium. The fund has been established to make an annual award of $25,000 to cover travel, reporting and research expenses and a stipend for a journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="31070604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070604" title="Rivers Arms">
Rivers Arms

Rivers Arms is the second studio album by post-rock band Balmorhea, released by Western Vinyl on January 1, 2008, then re-released on February 12, 2008. For this album, Aisha Burns, Erin Lance, and Jacob Glenn-Levin were recruited.

</doc>
<doc id="31070608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070608" title="Fremont County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Fremont County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Fremont County Courthouse, located in Sidney, Iowa, United States, was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first county seat in Fremont County was Austin and court sessions were held in a storeroom. The county seat was moved to Sydney in 1851 and a two-story brick building was built there in 1860 for $40,000. The building featured a tower and a tin roof. It was heavily damaged in an explosion in 1863. While the county spent money repairing the building the roof and second floor were too badly damaged. The present courthouse was built in 1889. It is constructed of brick and granite column flank the main entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="31070637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070637" title="Ben Moore">
Ben Moore

Ben Moore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070639" title="Dawn tetra">
Dawn tetra

The dawn tetra, panda tetra, or Paraguay tetra comes from the Rio Paraguay basin in Paraguay and Brazil. It is a schooling fish; suitable temperatures for the Paraguay tetra are 24 to 27°C. This species is omnivorous with a strong preference for animal food. It will eat normal aquarium fish food, but much prefers live food. The dawn tetra is an egg-scattering species. This tetra is very active and extremely aggressive towards fish of similar or smaller size or those that are slower moving. Not suitable for the community tank. 

</doc>
<doc id="31070642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070642" title="Mgmcet">
Mgmcet

Mahatma Gandhi Mission's College of Engineering and Technology (MGMCET) is one of the chain of educational institutions setup by the Mahatma Gandhi Mission, a Charitable Trust Act 1950 and Societies Regulation Act 1860. It was founded in 1982 and is presently situated in Kamothe, NAVI Mumbai, INDIA.
The college is affiliated to University of Mumbai and approved by AICTE, NEW Delhi.
MGM is now a chain of Engineering, Medical, Nursing, Management, Dental, Physiotherapy, Science, Journalism and Fine Arts spread over four educational centers, Navi Mumbai, Nanded, Aurangabad and Noida.
The college also provides for hostel facilities and bus services to its students.

</doc>
<doc id="31070646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070646" title="Swift v. Zynga">
Swift v. Zynga

Swift v. Zynga is an ongoing class action lawsuit filed in 2009, based on allegedly deceptive ads that ran in Zynga games on Facebook. A motion by Zynga to dismiss the case was denied by the United States District Court for the Northern District of California in November 2010.
Factual background.
Zynga is a developer of popular online games such as FarmVille, Mafia Wars, YoVille! and ZyngaPoker. These games allow players to spend virtual currency to take in-game actions and purchase virtual goods. Currency is metered out through the game itself, and additional currency can be purchased directly, or earned by completing special offers with Zynga and its business partners.
The plaintiff, Rebecca Swift, alleges that she played Zynga games and participated in multiple special offers run by Zynga's partner Adknowledge. In April 2009 she allegedly provided her cell phone number as requested by one of these offers, in order to be texted a code redeemable for YoCash, in-game currency in Zynga's YoVille! game. She subsequently received four charges of $9.99 billed to her cell phone from April 16, 2009 onward, without her knowledge or consent.
Additionally, on June 14, 2009 Rebecca signed up for a second special offer, a "risk-free Grean Tea Purity Trial." The offer promised YoCash in exchange for participation in the risk-free trial, and stipulated that the trial could be cancelled anytime within 15 days of sign-up. Rebecca provided her debit card number and was charged an initial $5.95 for shipping and handling. Ten days later she sent an email asking to cancel the subscription, after receiving a shipment of green tea pills and tea bags. On July 4th Rebecca received an email indicating she would be charged an additional $79.95, despite her request to cancel. She was unable to contact the sender by telephone, and on July 6th was billed for the $79.95 plus a foreign transaction fee. On July 20th, she was billed again, resulting in total charges of $176.56.
Procedural background.
Rebecca Swift filed a putative class action on November 19, 2009, claiming Facebook, Zynga, and AdKnowledge profited from "highly misleading" ads. Outside experts initially voiced the opinion that both Facebook and Zynga would be immune to legal action under provisions of the Communications Decency Act (CDA). Swift withdrew her action against Facebook in January 2010, though court records showed that the case was dismissed without prejudice and could in theory be re-filed. A First Amended Complaint was filed by Swift on February 10th, 2010, which claimed violation of the Unfair Competition Law, violation of the Consumers Legal Remedies Act, and unjust enrichment.
Both Zynga and AdKnowledge separately moved to dismiss the case on the grounds that Swift’s claims are barred by the CDA, but the motion was denied by the United States District Court for the Northern District of California in a November 3rd, 2010 ruling.
AdKnowledge separately claimed that Swift failed to sufficiently identify AdKnowledge's role in the alleged fraud. AdKnowledge also argued that Swift's unjust enrichment claim should be dismissed. Finally, AdKnowledge moved to strike Swift's class allegations. AdKnowledge's claim and both motions were denied.
Court's reading of CDA immunity and reaction.
In evaluating Zynga's motion to dismiss, the court looked to the Roommates.com ruling (521 F.3d at 1161-1162). Through the lens of that ruling, the court determined that Swift's allegations could, if proven, support the conclusion that Zynga was responsible for creating or developing the content at issue. Specifically, Swift asserts that the virtual currency offered in the ads is the most important "content" found within them, and that Zynga further contributed to their development by specifying the design, layout, and format of the offers.
When evaluating AdKnowledge's immunity claim, the court found that it was unable to determine whether it is entitled to CDA immunity, an evaluation which it judged to be a fact-based inquiry.
Several law blogs have remarked on the failure to dismiss for CDA immunity as a potentially far-reaching shift in the law, claiming that it marks a departure from standard case law and could require websites to take extra steps to ensure their immunity.
Changes by Zynga.
Zynga reacted to the broader "scam ads" controversy by removing all "offer" based advertising from its site in 2009. This action was taken after Swift experienced the allegedly fraudulent ads, but before the original complaint in Swift v. Zynga was filed. In January 2010, Zynga reinstated these offer-based promotions.

</doc>
<doc id="31070657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070657" title="Az Zibar">
Az Zibar

Az Zibar is a small town on the Kabir River in the mountains of the Erbil Governorate of northeastern Iraq. The Shanidah Cave is located 9 miles to the southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="31070659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070659" title="Chiragh Ali">
Chiragh Ali

Moulví Cherágh Ali (1844-1895) (also spelled Chirágh) was an Indian Muslim scholar of the late 19th century. As a colleague of Sir Sayyid Ahmad Khan he made a contribution to the school of Muslim Modernists and presented reformative thinking about the Qu'ran. He contributed numerous works to the school of Muslim Modernists such as "A Critical Exposition of the Popular Jihad" and "Proposed Political, Legal and Social Reforms Under Moslem Rule". His interactions with Christians in British India also marked him as an Muslim apologist with a particular focus on the wars of the Prophet Muhammad. His goal in the criticism of the Qur'ān as well as the shariah is to justify contemporary Western ideals through the Qur'ān. Dying at age 51 during treatment, Cherágh Ali is now buried in Bombay.
Family life.
Born in Meerut into a family originally from Kashmir, Cherágh Ali was the oldest of three siblings Wilayat Ali, Inayat Ali and Mansib Ali. Their father, Muhammad Bakhsh died at age 35. At this point, when Cherágh was 12 years old, the responsibility of educating the family fell up their mother's as well as their grandmother's shoulders. It is known that he had a wife, Abbadi Begum.
Education.
Cherágh Ali was educated exclusively at home. One of his initial educational accomplishments was the acquisition of the languages of Persian, Arabic, English, French, Hebrew, Chaldean, Latin and Greek. Education and study was the most important aspect of Cherágh Ali's life. His studies led him offer a new translation of the text and message of the Qur'ān as well as Muhammad's battles.
Career.
In his early working years, Cherágh Ali was stationed as a clerk in Gurakhpūr but eventually found himself in Lucknow searching for a better job. He then became a collector in the Office of Settlement until Sir Sayyid Ahmad Khan recommended him for a position in the government of the Nizam of Hyderabad. Cherágh had already been making some literary contributions to a variety of papers such as "Mukhbir-i Sãdiq" and "Manshūr-i Muhhamadī". When Sir Sayyid was requested by Salar Jang I, the Prime Minister of Hyderabad State to hire a translator, Cherágh Ali was the one invited to fill that position. He was associated with Sir Sayyid throughout the rest of his career because of similar religious and political beliefs.
Title.
In 1888, on the occasion, of the victory celebration of the a army contingent of Hyderabad who fought at the war front in Burma, Cherágh Ali was present with the honorary Victory war title Azam yar-Jung with two thousand mansab (Officers), one_thousand riders and a Flag.
Political life.
Cherágh followed the school of Muslim Modernists and is most prominently known for his association with Sir Sayyid. The two met in 1874 when Sir Sayyid came to Lucknow after their literary excursions had led them there. Cherágh Ali was a solid supporter of Sir Sayyid's Aligarh Movement. Despite being a prominent civil servant, Cherágh Ali avoided getting caught up in political action in Hyderabad. Rather he let his literary works speak for themselves.
In his writings, Cherágh Ali sought to correct what he perceived to be misperceptions of Islam and jihad. These misunderstandings, he argued, came from the historical development of "hadith" and the activities of Muslim jurists. He believed the jurists had taken justice into their own hands and in doing so misused or completely ignored the Qur'ān. In following these beliefs, Cherágh Ali was committed to offering a fresh interpretation of the Qur'ān and a moderated version of jihad.
In making a point of redefining the meaning of jihad, Cherágh Ali described the wars of Muhammad as strictly defensive. He argued that all of Muhammad's wars were local and temporary, making them defensive because the Qur'ān does not teach a war of aggression. He argued that Muhammad only engaged in battle in response to acts that contradicted the Qur'ān's teachings. Cherágh's belief that Islam is misunderstood by the majority of the world motivated his reformation of the Qur'ān.

</doc>
<doc id="31070660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070660" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's triple jump">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's triple jump

The Women's triple jump event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4, 2011 at 09:00 (qualification) and March 5, 14:45 (final) local time.
Results.
Qualification.
Qualification: Qualification Performance 14.10 (Q) or at least 8 best performers advanced to the final. It was held at 09:00.
Final.
The Final was held at 14:45.

</doc>
<doc id="31070669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070669" title="Farley Parkenfarker">
Farley Parkenfarker

Farley Parkenfarker is the stage name of keyboardist Okie Duke. Best known for his 1978 recording, "Farley Parkenfarker Plays Elvis", which he performed on a highly modified Hammond B-3 organ.
Technology.
The modifications to Parkenfarker's Hammond B3 organ were extensive, not only integrating features from Hammond's X-77 transistor organ, but also a highly customized "percussion boost", built-in phaser effect and 8 audio outputs. Perhaps even more remarkable was its custom reed system, which allowed Parkenfarker to play up to 15 different keyboards or synthesizers directly from his modified organ.
This functionality, which predated Midi by several years, was designed by organ tech Bill Beer of Keyboard Products in Los Angeles, CA and was claimed by Parkenfarker to have been "studied very closely by Japanese engineers from Roland Corporation" in their development of the now ubiquitous Midi protocol.

</doc>
<doc id="31070691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070691" title="Hove Rugby Football Club">
Hove Rugby Football Club

Hove Rugby Football Club is an English community rugby union club, located in the City of Brighton and Hove, who play in the London Division of the RFU in the 2010–2011 Season. Hove Rugby Club is based at Hove Recreation Ground in Shirley Drive Hove. Hove RFC is affiliated to the English RFU via the Sussex RFU.
History.
The Beginnings.
Territorial Army officers and men of the Sussex Yeomanry formed a rugby club, which was affiliated to the Rugby Football Union in 1933. Records of their results have been lost in the mist of time but, post war in 1945 the players reformed and continued to turn out on Saturdays, the home matches being played at East Brighton Park.
In 1952 the Yeomanry could no longer continue without an influx of new players. The members approached Alderman Arthur Brocke who was then Mayor of Hove and Councillor Jack Woolley. They secured a pitch in Hove Park and the old timber Scout Hut was refurbished and extended to provide showers, kitchen and a bar.
Hove Recreation Ground.
The local Council had plans for Hove Park and the rugby Club had to plan for a move. After many false starts, the Club finally moved the short distance to Hove Recreation Ground ready for the start of the 2002–2003 season. The building of excellent new facilities and the provision of four pitches at one location gave the Club the facilities it needed to break out from the lower levels of the English structure and to enable it to look to the future.
The new Clubhouse was opened by the Mayor of Brighton and Hove in August 2002 – coincidentally, this was the Club's 50th anniversary as Hove – a fact that was missed at the time!
Current.
Hove RFC are a level 6 club within the English League structure of the RFU. They play league rugby in London 1 South which is administered by the London and South East Division – one of the four divisions of the RFU (the other being Northern Division, Midlands Division and South West Division). This league contains 14 Clubs – as do all others at this level and covers Kent, Sussex (East and West) as well as Surrey and Hampshire.
In addition to the First XV, the Club has a further three senior men's teams, a Senior WRFC or women's team (affiliated to the RFUW), Colts team at Under 18 and Under 17, Youth Teams from Under 13 to Under 16 as well as Mini Rugby for ages from Under 6 to Under 12.
The Hangover Trophy.
The Val Hayes Memorial Hangover Trophy is an annually contested fixture on New Year's Day between a Hove RFC Invitation XV team and another club or invitational team. Originally the fixture was contested by Hove RFC and the Robin Hood pub in Brighton, and now the fixture is sponsored by the Seafield pub. In 2012 the 30th edition of the Hangover Trophy will take place between Hove RFC and Cinque Ports RFC, who are making their second visit to the competition.
Status.
Hove RFC are an amateur Club run by volunteers who give freely of their time. The players are also amateurs who play for the love of the game. To supplement income from Membership Funds and Bar/Function revenue, the Club benefits from the generosity of many sponsors who partner with the Club to help provide the sporting opportunities for both adults – men and women – and children of all ages.

</doc>
<doc id="31070699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070699" title="Babies for Sale">
Babies for Sale

Babies for Sale is a 1940 drama film starring Glenn Ford and Rochelle Hudson and directed by Charles Barton.

</doc>
<doc id="31070753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070753" title="Loquendo">
Loquendo

Loquendo is a multinational computer software technology corporation, headquartered in Torino, Italy, that provides speech recognition, speech synthesis, speaker verification and identification applications. Loquendo, which was founded in 2001 under the Telecom Italia Lab, also has offices in United Kingdom, Spain, Germany, France, and the United States.
Current business products to can be found in portable and in-car navigation devices, assistive devices for the differently able, smartphones, ebook readers, talking ATMs, computer games, voice-controlled domestic appliances and others. The voice synthesis and speech recognition systems is used in a new e-health application as part of Spain’s Junta de Andalucía Government Health Services's virtual assistant.
Loquendo's products have been the recipient of several awards including being a Speech Technologies Speech Engine Leader in 2007, 2008, and 2009 It was rated as 'Market Leader' by Speech Technologies in 2009 and 2010.
On 30 September 2011, Nuance (one of Loquendo's main competitors) announced that it had acquired Loquendo.
History.
Loquendo was originally a research group created in the mid-seventies by managers at IRI-STET in the :it:CSELT laboratories in Turin before becoming a company in its own right in 2001.
Speech synthesis.
Building on the recommendations of the University of Padua, by applying the technique of so-called diphones (the union of a consonant and a vowel, 150 in total for the Italian) the group created the first speech synthesizer with high intelligibility in 1975 it was called MUSA (MUltichannel Speaking Automaton), which demonstrated what was possible with the technology of the time. The results achieved in those years were condensed into an audio disc at 45 rpm, with thousands of copies produced and spread through the mass communication media. It was mainly the Italian version of the song "Frère Jacques" carried out in polyphony with more singing voices (MUSA could manage up to 8 synthesis channels in parallel).
The evolution of this prototype, with the increase in the number of diphones (about 1000), the refinement of the tools of linguistic analysis and better waveform management led to a marked improvement of the synthetic voice. This led to the creation of the integrated circuit "voice synthesizer" developed internally in CSELT which was added to the SGS (catalog as Zilog's Z80 microprocessor's peripheral (with the code M8950).
In the nineties "ELOQUENS" was born, a multi-platformspeech synthesizer for various operating systems including DOS, Windows, System 7, Unix, OS/2) and telephone boards with very large numbers of channels, such as those used by the Italian telephone operator to build the reverse telephoner subscribers information service (used to obtain a subscriber's identity and address from their telephone number).
Towards the end of 1990s speech synthesis took on a new approach, instead of passing diphones it would use the selection and concatenation of acoustic units of variable length, and approach made possible by the increased power of computers and especially the increasing capacity of mass storage systems. This resulted in "ACTOR" - "The human sounding voice" - which began to have a large audience due to the number of telephone services and applications created by Loquendo related companies.
In the two-thousands the synthesizer was released from the research labs as a commercial product, including a number of editing tools to produce synthetic audio enriched with emotions and it was also released as a SW library for use in various products, from small portable devices such as mobile phones, navigators and palm computers, to multichannel/multilingual telephone servers for (semi)automatic call centers.
Speech recognition.
Shortly after the start of the research into speech synthesis, they began research on speech recognition and at the beginning of the eighties produced a first prototype, able to recognize the ten digits and a few simple commands.
Applying the Hidden Markov models in 1984 led to the development of a speech recognizer which could recognize connected words and sentences, created in collaboration with ELSAG, another company in the IRI-STET group.
The need to produce independent speech recognizer telephone applications leds to the creation of speech databases with the recorded voices of hundreds of different people and in 1987 the first large database, obtained through recording the voices of more than 1000 people calling from all over Italy with an automatic procedure, was used in the creation of a specially crafted phone server at CSELT labs.
This saved material saved allowed the training of Markov models, and, by using sophisticated algorithms led to the development of "AURIS", the first commercial recognizer that could "turn" in a variety of devices with Digital signal processors (DSP).
In the nineties a large cross-European collaboration began and, along with a dozen other companies and universities across Europe a very large speech database was collected throughout Europe, with the voices of more than 65000 people.
This material, combined with a new mixed approach of Hidden Markov models and Neural networks led to "FLEXUS" the first flexible vocabulary speech recognizer, which allowed many varied telephone services to use automatic speech recognition in their human interfaces.
Merging "FLEXUS" and "ACTOR" into a single system created "Dialogos", allowing the creation of cutting-edge telephone services.
The birth of Loquendo as a company led to the development of many languages and the release of the recognizer in the form of library software for the creation of various telephony applications.
They also introduced several systems to write state-finite grammars and natural language models systems.
The speech databases recording campaigns continue having moved on from Europe to Mediterranean countries, to the South, Center and North America and, finally to countries in the Far East. Overall countless hours of speech have been recorded by contacting hundred of thousands of people in the listed regions. The recordings have been collected both for fixed telephone networks, as well as in moving vehicles for mobile phones and also using high quality microphones in domestic environments for consumer applications such as video games, appliances and home automation in general.
Speaker recognition.
Research activities into speaker recognition were initiated very recently, in the middle of two-thousands, when speech databases tailored for this task became available. In collaboration with Politecnico of Turin they began experiments on two different fronts: speaker ""identification"" and ""verification"".
The success of the research has also pushed the company to move to the development of products specifically for these tasks through the enabling platforms described below.
Speech coding.
The research activities into Speech coding started even before the ones on speech recognition and synthesis, aiming to build equipment such as CODEC and echo canceler to able to increase as much as possible the number of telephone conversations that can flow through a single cable (or satellite connection) without losing voice intelligibility.
In the late seventies, studies and experiments led to the creation of algorithms to encode the telephonic speech signal and set-up the European regulation CCITT known as encoding A-law (8-bit logarithm encoding law "A" for audio signal 8 kHz band limited). This standard was then used in the CODEC for 64 kbit/s ISDN telephone lines.
In subsequent years they built stronger codecs (used telephone exchangess) and, within the PAN-Europe consortium GSM, the codec to use in second generation mobile phones.
At the same time they built a CODEC to transmit high quality signals in spite of the 8 kHz band limit of the telephone cables, which was useful for audio and video conference applications.
Enabling platforms.
In the late nineties the development of Internet in the form known today (hypertext resident on different servers that span the planet in one big network) led to the need to make these texts available in voice over the phone.
At the same time IVR - systems become always more and more widespread and it became essentials HW and SW tools to fast development of new telephone applications and services. It is evident to everybody that that brought the achievement of complex systems such us the automation of the 'Telephone directory" or the "Railway Information Service" are too rigid and do not allow the easy development of new applications.
At the same time, the IVR - Interactive Voice Response, became increasingly popular and used hardware and software tools to quickly develop new telephony applications. It became evident that the previous development models that led to the development of complex systems such as automation of directory inquiry service or Automatic Information Service Stations were too rigid and would not easily allow the development of new applications.
It was therefore felt that there was a need for enabling platforms for automatic voice telephone systems that are both scalable and easily programmable. To this end there was created a special working group to develop a voice browser prototype, to be shown to the public at SMAU 2000, with the name "VoxNauta". It was such a success that Telecom Italia decided to close its original research labs and create Loquendo on 1 February 2001.
Over the years "VoxNauta" was further developed in various scalable forms: from small servers to large enterprise systems with thousands of lines and has been installed in hundreds of companies around the world.
The birth of standards to write telephone services to connect server hosting the speech technologies to servers hosting the telephone boards pushes the development of solo SW, .
The emergence of standards in the writing of telephone services (VoiceXML) and protocols (MRCP) for connecting servers hosting the speech technologies to servers hosting the telephone boards led to the creation of Speech Server software, hosting text-to-speech and speech-recognizer engines from Loquendo
This continuing research and development has led Loquendo to be one of the most widely known brands in the field of synthesis and voice recognition.
The brand.
There is no definitive explanation of the origin of the name Loquendo, while the logo was created by the Telecom Italia graphic department. When displayed as an animated gif the three ripples above the "O" turn on in sequence, giving the sense of the emission of sound.
The brand has not been protected by the company, there are other Italian companies whose name directly derives from Loquendo, and this has contributed to its widespread use, even at the expense of competing brands.
Sale of the company.
Over the years there have been rumors of the sale of Loquendo to other companies.
The most recent were in the summer of 2011, when it was announced that two multinational USA based companies, Nuance and Avaya, were looking into the possibility of a takeover.
As Nuance was a direct competitor of the Italian company there was some worry by Loquendo workers that were worried about the possible dismemberment of research and development and the disappearance from Italy of an excellent brand with forty years experience.
A purchase by Avaya seemed more desirable as its activities were complementary to the activity carried on by Loquendo; Avaya in fact did not own any speech technology and therefore could have been very interested in the possibility of in-house development rather than purchasing them from outside companies .
These reports were followed with great interest by the workers, local authorities in Turin and Piedmont and the entire international scientific community.
On 13 August 2011, Telecom Italia publicly announced the sale of its entire stake in Loquendo to Nuance for 53 million euros

</doc>
<doc id="31070765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070765" title="Eddie Slowikowski">
Eddie Slowikowski

Eddie Slowikowski is a former NCAA All-American runner, now known as a professional speaker, author. Eddie began his speaking career in 1992, focusing on the areas of Empowerment and Leadership. He is known for a high-energy presentation style that incorporates his signature dance moves. In 1997, he founded the LifeRide Leadership Camp, which is conducted every summer and dedicated to "empowering youth for the journey of their lives." Eddie's first book, "LifeRide: The Ultimate Rollercoaster", was published by iUniverse in 2004.
Running career.
Eddie was a 3-time NCAA All-American in track and cross country while attending Loyola University Chicago. He also represented the United States at the 1987 Pan Am games, the 1992 Olympic Trials and was a USA Gold Medal winner in international competition in London, England. In a 1990 race at Madison Square Garden, Eddie ran the fastest college indoor mile that year with a time of 3 minutes, 58 seconds. He was inducted into the Loyola Athletic Hall of Fame in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31070797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070797" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 60 metres hurdles">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 60 metres hurdles

The women's 60 metres hurdles event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 4 March with the final being held 18:40 local time.
Results.
Heats.
First 3 in each heat and 4 best performers advanced to the Semifinals. The heats were held at 09:20.
Semifinals.
First 4 in each heat advanced to the Final. The semifinals were held at 15:45.
Final.
The final was held at 18:40.

</doc>
<doc id="31070825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070825" title="Mendijur Ornithological Park">
Mendijur Ornithological Park

The Mendijur Ornithological Park is located in Alava, Basque Country, Spain. The park has trails and bird blinds for visitor use. The park consists of mainly of wetlands, along with forested areas, making it a home for wide variety of waterfowl and other birds. Frequently spotted birds include various egrets and grebes, Grey Herons, and White Storks.

</doc>
<doc id="31070833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070833" title="AeroConversions AeroVee 2180">
AeroConversions AeroVee 2180

The AeroConversions Aerovee Engine is a kit-built engine for homebuilt aircraft based on the Volkswagen air-cooled engine.
Design and development.
The AeroVee engine is manufactured and marketed by AeroConversions, a part of Sonex Aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="31070835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070835" title="Thomas Carus">
Thomas Carus

Sir Thomas Carus SL (c.1515–5 July 1571) was an English barrister and judge who served as a Justice of the Queen's Bench. 
Born to William Carus and Isabel Leyburn of Westmorland, he joined the Middle Temple in the 1530s and became Member of Parliament for Wigan in 1547. Carus also represented Lancaster in Parliament in 1553 and 1555, became a Serjeant-at-Law in April 1559, and was made a Justice of the Queen's Bench on 31 May 1567. He held this position until his death on 5 July 1571. He was knighted in 1567.
He married Catherine, the daughter of Thomas Preston of Preston Patrick, Westmorland. They had three sons and three daughters. He was initially succeeded by his eldest son Thomas, who soon also died. He was eventually succeeded by his youngest son Christopher.

</doc>
<doc id="31070840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070840" title="PDBsum">
PDBsum

PDBsum is database that provides an overview of the contents of each 3D macromolecular structure deposited in the Protein Data Bank. The database was created by Roman Laskowski and collaborators in laboratory of Janet Thornton.
Each structure in the PDBsum database includes an image of structure (main view, Bottom view and right view), molecular components contained in the complex(structure), enzyme reaction diagram if appropriate, Gene Ontology functional assignments, a 1D sequence annotated by Pfam and InterPro domain assignments, description of bound molecules and graphic showing interactions between protein and secondary structure, schematic diagrams of protein-protein interactions, analysis of clefts contained within the structure and links to external databases.

</doc>
<doc id="31070855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070855" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 400 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 400 metres

The Women's 400 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4 & 5 with the final being held on March 5 at 17:30 local time.
Results.
Heats.
First 3 in each heat and 3 best performers advanced to the Semifinals.
The heats were held at 10:20.
Semifinal.
First 3 in each heat advanced to the Final.
The semifinals were held at 17:55.
Final.
The final was held at 17:30.

</doc>
<doc id="31070867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070867" title="Worcester Music Festival">
Worcester Music Festival

Worcester Music Festival is an annual music festival held around Worcester venues throughout the city centre during the last weekend of August. It was founded in 2008 by Chris Bennion as a platform to encourage live, local and original music in Worcester and the surrounding areas and is staged in over 30 pubs, clubs, cafes, and historic buildings around or near the city centre with almost 300 artists taking part each year. Recently acts have applied from further afield such as Egypt, Russia, Romania and America, however the organisers look at each application carefully as the festival is first and foremost about promoting upcoming musicians.
With more than 20 different promoters now involved in the festival, ensuring that every genre of music is covered and every music fan is catered for, the festival is also closely linked to BBC Hereford & Worcester, with a stage arranged by Andrew Marston from the BBC Introducing show, and features acts that have appeared on the show being broadcast from the festival and the very popular SLAP Magazine. The festival is a non-profit making event run by an enthusiastic team of 20 volunteers, largely local musicians or people associated with the Worcester music scene. Not only does it provide a showcase for local musical talent of all genres, but it provides education and professional development opportunities through a variety of workshops and clinics.
The festival also has a history of being the place where new bands and projects have been formed, as musicians and artists have networked over the years.
Charities.
Each year the Festival supports different local charities selected from a list of nominations. Money for the nominated charities is raised by way of a raffle, donations, collection buckets at the venues and merchandising sales and has amounted to over £30,000 over the last 6 years.

</doc>
<doc id="31070874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070874" title="Lena on the Blue Side">
Lena on the Blue Side

Lena on the Blue Side is a 1962 studio album by Lena Horne, released by RCA Victor in stereo and monoaural in February 1962, recording took place in New York in the summer of 1961. The album features mainly blues inspired songs, a departure for Horne from her usual standards, and recordings from the Great American Songbook. The recordings were arranged and conducted by Marty Gold. The album was received well by the music press and Billboard Music Week of February 1962 rated it with a four star. Charting in the Billboard 200 album chart at # 102. The complete album has only been re-issued on CD in Japan in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31070877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070877" title="Daryn Hinton">
Daryn Hinton

Daryn Hinton born in Santa Monica, California, raised in the Hollywood entertainment industry. Hinton had a spiritual conversion and left the Hollywood connections behind to pursue her newfound faith.
Family and background.
Hinton was a child actress rooted in the Hollywood entertainment industry whose father Ed Hinton and grandfather Edgar Latimer Hinton were both actors. Her mother was entertainment socialite Marilynn Hinton who was president emeritus WAIF and president of ANTAN (American National Theater Authorities) alongside John Forsythe. In her autobiography, actress Jane Russell called Marilynn Hinton "Dynamite...and a walking who's who", who knew everyone important and could make anything happen. Hinton's sister, Darcy Hinton Cook, was an actress whose godparents were actors Steve Cochran and Denise Darcel. Hinton’s brother, Darby Hinton, is an actor, producer and was a child star whose godparents were actor Charlton Heston and politician Winthrop Paul Rockefeller. Hinton’s godmother’s were both actresses Jane Russell and Bobo Rockefeller. Hinton was named Daryn by actor Tyrone Power after his daughter Taryn Power.
Hinton's father, Ed Hinton, was killed on Columbus day 1958 in an airplane accident on Catalina Island in California. Fess Parker, who played brother Darby Hinton's father Daniel Boone on the "Daniel Boone TV show" (1964–1970), became an important father figure to Hinton and her brother as stated by Darby Hinton at the 2010 Fess Parkers memorial in Santa Barbara, CA. 
Hinton grew up at 1234 Bel Air Road in Los Angeles, CA. The home was featured in Life Magazine's essays of Bel Air for its jungle-like atmosphere and pool in the living room. The Hinton's were friends with many of their celebrity neighbors including Zsa Zsa Gabor and former president Ronald Reagan. Hinton's actor father Ed Hinton was on The General Electric Theater hosted by Ronald Reagan in 1957. Upon Reagan's death, Hinton expressed her views of Reagan to the Los Angeles Times June 6, 2004. "This man made Americans feel good about being American and right now we need to remember that, especially in these difficult times," said Hinton. Hinton spoke out internationally about her neighbor, former President and actor Ronald Reagan, to the Guardian UK, June 7, 2004: Daryn Hinton said it was the legendary ability of the "great communicator" to reach out to the American people that set him apart. "He was able to communicate to people how he felt about America," she said. "He was an actor, after all."
Hollywood career.
Hinton started acting and modeling at one year of age and was on numerous television shows and movies including the "Lassie" TV show, "One Step Beyond", "Rescue 8", "Death Valley Days", "Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend", "The Tennessee Ernie Ford Show". 
Hinton worked on the crew of the "The Don Ho" TV show and in 1979 Hinton promoted the "Las Vegas Film Festival" at the Cannes Film Festival with movie and TV personalities Stuart Whitman and Sivi Aberg supervising filming for Dick Clark onboard The Jolly Joker. In 1981 Hinton produced a television pilot in Hawaii starring Gilad Jankowitz using second unit "Magnum PI" production team including Bruce Shirley. It was the first exercise show ever shot on location. Jankowitz later developed the show to be an international success called "Bodies in Motion".
Spiritual conversion.
In 1982 after Hinton's mother's death, her life changed with a born again experience with Christ. She walked away from Hollywood connections and pursued her newfound faith. Hinton states "I became a miracle junkie, loving a one on one relationship with God, walking in miracles and feeling HIM guiding me. Hinton, having never been a part of the music industry, managed three Christian bands that gained mainstream international attention.
Rock Bands.
Stryper:(Managed/Financed by Hinton) Hinton talks about thinking the heavy metal band Stryper was using God as a gimmick and being turned around while seeing them perform in 1984 in Stryper's 'In The Beginning' video. Stryper is recognized as the first openly Christian heavy metal band to gain recognition in the mainstream music world.
Holy Soldier: (Managed/Financed by Hinton) signed for debut record to Word Records/Myrrh Records and A&M Records. In 1989 Hinton signed Holy Soldier to A&M records and Myrrh Records (Word Records) as that label's first Hard Rock act. Their self-titled debut album was released in 1990 to critical and commercial acclaim. The band garnered two Dove Awards in 1991, in the hard rock song and album of the year categories.
Charizma from Sweden: (Managed by Hinton beginning 8/8/88) signed to Russia's Melodiya Records releasing the record 'Rock'in The World Together.

</doc>
<doc id="31070886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070886" title="Geordie – Masters of Rock">
Geordie – Masters of Rock

Geordie – Masters of Rock is the third album by glam rock band Geordie. It was released in 1974 by EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="31070890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070890" title="Gerhard Werner (soldier)">
Gerhard Werner (soldier)

Gerhard Werner (21 May 1916 – 8 September 1944) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Gerhard Werner was killed on 8 September 1944 in the Romanian Banat. He was posthumously promoted to Oberstleutnant and on 23 March 1945 was awarded the Oak Leaves to his Knight's Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="31070902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070902" title="Polytechnic College of Pennsylvania">
Polytechnic College of Pennsylvania

Polytechnic College of Pennsylvania was a school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania founded in 1853. It was the eighth school of engineering in the United States and the first to offer degree programs in mechanical engineering, mining engineering, and architecture. It was founded by Dr. Alfred L. Kennedy, who took inspiration from polytechnic schools in Europe, specifically the Polytechnische Schule of Carlsruhe and the L'Ecole Centrale des Arts of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="31070915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070915" title="Principles of Motion Sensing">
Principles of Motion Sensing

Sensors able to detect three-dimensional motion have been commercially available for several decades and have been used in automobiles, aircraft and ships. However, initial size, power consumption and price had prevented their mass adoption in consumer electronics. While there are other kinds of motion detector technologies available commercially, there are four principle types of motion sensors which are important for Motion Processing in the consumer electronics market. 
Motion Sensors.
Accelerometers.
Accelerometers measure linear acceleration and tilt angle. Single and multi-axis accelerometers detect the combined magnitude and direction of linear, rotational and gravitational acceleration. They can be used to provide limited motion sensing functionality. For example, a device with an accelerometer can detect rotation from vertical to horizontal state in a fixed location. As a result, accelerometers are primarily used for simple motion sensing applications in consumer devices such as changing the screen of a mobile device from portrait to landscape orientation. The early generation Apple iPhone and Nintendo Wii incorporated accelerometers.
Gyroscopes.
Gyroscopes measure the angular rate of rotational movement about one or more axes. Gyroscopes can measure complex motion accurately in multiple dimensions, tracking the position and rotation of a moving object unlike accelerometers which can only detect the fact that an object has moved or is moving in a particular direction. Further, unlike accelerometers and compasses, gyroscopes are not affected by errors related to external environmental factors such as gravitational and magnetic fields. Hence, gyroscopes greatly enhance the motion sensing capabilities of devices and are used for advanced motion sensing applications in consumer devices such as full gesture and movement detection and simulation in video gaming. The Nintendo Wii MotionPlus accessory and the Nintendo 3DS incorporate gyroscopes.
Compasses.
Magnetic Sensors, commonly referred to as compasses detect magnetic fields and measure their absolute position relative to Earth’s magnetic north and nearby magnetic materials. Information from magnetic sensors can also be used to correct errors from other sensors such as accelerometers. One example of how compass sensors are used in consumer devices is reorienting a displayed map to match up with the general direction a user is facing.
Barometers.
Pressure Sensors, also known as barometers measure relative and absolute altitude through the analysis of changing atmospheric pressure. Pressure sensors can be used in consumer devices for sports and fitness or location-based applications where information on elevation can be valuable.

</doc>
<doc id="31070919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070919" title="Hillebrandia">
Hillebrandia

Hillebrandia sandwicensis is a species of a herbaceous perennial flowering plant native to some of the Hawaiian Islands. Common names include aka aka awa and pua maka nui. The genus name honors the German physician William Hillebrand.
In terms of morphology, "H. sandwicensis" is similar to "Begonia", but differences in flower structure, pollen morphology, and fruit differentiate the two genera.
It is classified in the family Begoniaceae and is the only species in the genus "Hillebrandia"; indeed, it the only one of the 1400 or so species in the family Begoniaceae "not" to be a member of the genus "Begonia". It is the sister taxon to the rest of its family. The time of the split is considerably older than the oldest above–water Hawaiian Island (Kure Atoll) by an appreciable period of time. This arises a bit of a mystery as to how a monotypic genus got to a remote island chain considerably younger than itself. It has been proposed that, even though forested ravines are not particularly windy, "Hillebrandia" island–hopped down the Hawaiian – Emperor seamount chain (then islands) via the wind often enough to colonize each island in turn, a process aided by a Cenozoic climate allowing it to live at lower altitudes than today, regardless of where the genus originated from. "Hillebrandia" may also be younger than previous estimates.
"H. sandwicensis" is currently found only on the islands of Maui, Molokai, and Kauai. It is locally extinct on Oahu, and does not occur on the Big Island. Despite an abundance of suitable habitat, the species is localized and uncommon. It has recently been getting rarer, but despite this, it is not (as of 2011) listed on the International Union for the Conservation of Nature's Red List. However, a 1999 document from the American Fish and Wildlife Service did list "H. sandwicensis" as one of 202 "Other Species of Concern".

</doc>
<doc id="31070920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070920" title="Robert Thorp (priest)">
Robert Thorp (priest)

Robert Thorp (1736 – 20 April 1812) was a British clergyman.
He attended Durham School and Peterhouse, Cambridge University, obtaining a B.A. in 1758 as senior wrangler and an M.A. in 1761. In 1768 he succeeded his father Thomas Thorp (1699–1767) as rector of Chillingham; in 1782 he became rector of Gateshead; in 1792 he became archdeacon of Northumberland. In 1795, he became rector of Ryton, and he is buried in the vault of the church there.
His youngest son Charles Thorp also became rector of Ryton and was a founder of Durham University.
Another son, George Thorp, became first lieutenant of the frigate "HMS Terpsichore" soon after turning 19 years-of-age and was killed six months later alongside his captain, Richard Bowen, during the assault on Santa Cruz, Tenerife, led by Nelson, on 25 July 1797.
He was author of "Excerpta quædam e Newtoni Principiis Philosophiæ Naturalis", 1765 and translated Newton's "Principia".

</doc>
<doc id="31070928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070928" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 400 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 400 metres

The Men's 400 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on March 4 & 5 with the final being held on March 5 at 17:45 local time.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 in each heat and 2 best performers advanced to the Semifinals. The heats were held at 10:45.
Semifinals.
First 3 in each heat advanced to the Final. The semifinals were held at 18:10.
Final.
The final was held at 17:45.

</doc>
<doc id="31070939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070939" title="Edward Ferrers">
Edward Ferrers

Edward Ferrers (died 1564), is described by Wood as a distinguished dramatist during the reign of King Edward VI of England.
Wood suggests, without advancing any proof, that he was educated at Oxford. His name does not appear on the register. We know that one Edward Ferrers of Baddesley Clinton, Warwickshire, died 11 August 1564. He was the son of Henry Ferrers (d. 1526), married in 1548 Bridget, daughter of William, lord Windsor, and was father of Henry Ferrers. the antiquary. He was buried in Tarbick Church, Worcestershire. Another Edward Ferrers was one of the band of gentlemen pensioners at Elizabeth's court on 1 June 1565, when he was assessed in a subsidy roll as owner of forty shillings worth of land in the parish of St. Dunstan and ward of Farringdon, London. But there is no evidence that either of these men was a dramatist.
Wood was clearly misled by the mistakes of Puttenham in his "Arte of English Poesie" (1589), and of Meres in his "Palladis Tamia" (1598), who both attributed to an Edward Ferrers or Ferris literary work which should have been placed to the credit of George Ferrers. Ritson, while correcting Wood's chief errors, nevertheless maintained that there was probably a dramatist named Edward Ferrers as well as the poet George Ferrers; but Puttenham and Meres are clearly guilty of misprinting ‘Edward’ for ‘George’ Ferrers, and there is no evidence outside their testimony to show that Edward Ferrers as an author had any existence.

</doc>
<doc id="31070945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070945" title="Princaxelia jamiesoni">
Princaxelia jamiesoni

Princaxelia jamiesoni is a species of amphipod crustacean described in 2010. The type material of "Princaxelia jamiesoni" was collected on September 30, 2008 from a depth of in the Japan Trench (). Further material was collected in 2009 from the Izu-Ogasawara Trench () at a depth of . It is named after Alan Jamieson, a marine biologist from the University of Aberdeen.

</doc>
<doc id="31070952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070952" title="Ivane">
Ivane

Ivane is a masculine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31070953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070953" title="Michele Cruciani">
Michele Cruciani

Michele Cruciani (born 4 May 1986 in Rome) is an Italian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Matera Calcio as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31070955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070955" title="Aalap Raju">
Aalap Raju

Aalaap Raju (born 6 June 1979) is a playback singer and a bass player from Chennai, India. His rendition of Enamo Aedho from the movie Ko composed by Harris Jayaraj topped the music charts for several months in 2011 and won him the Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer – 2011. He has sung for music directors like Harris Jayaraj, Thaman, G.V Prakash, Deepak Dev, D.Imman, Sreekanth Deva etc. His other noticeable songs include Engeyum Kadhal from Engeyum Kadhal, Endhan Kann Munnae from Nanban, Kadhal Oru Butterfly and Akila Akila from Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, Anjana Anjana from Vandhan Vendran, Kuthu Kuthu from Ayyanar, Endhuko Yemo from Rangam, Nenjodu Cherthu from Yuvvh, Theeyae Theeyae from Maattrraan, Jal Jal Osai from Manam Kothi Paravai etc.
His official social networking links:
https://www.facebook.com/itsmeAalaapRaju
https://twitter.com/aalaapraju
Early life.
Music was something that was natural to him since he hails from a musical family. His parents, J.M.Raju and Latha Raju, are playback singers in Malayalam while his grandmother, late Smt. Shantha P. Nair, was a very well known name in the Malayalam music industry in 60s and 70s. A self-taught musician, Aalaap's name spread through the most prestigious cultural event in India – 'Saarang' hosted by Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) where he was awarded 'Best Instrumentalist' for his bass playing. And that was the starting point of numerous recording sessions and live performances in India and abroad. His singing took more prominence once Ennamo Yedho released. Aalaap now concentrates on singing and bass playing equally in Studios and Live.
Career.
As a Singer and Bass Player, Aalaap has performed with several prominent artists such as Dr.T.V.Gopalakrishnan, Dr.L.Subramaniam, Frank Dubier etc. and has recorded with noticeable composers such as Ilayaraja, Harris Jayaraj, Mani Sarma, G.V Prakash, Thaman, Deepak Dev etc. He has more than 300 concerts to his credit.
He has been part of the prestigious Europalia Festival '13 (hosted by ICCR India: Indian Council for Cultural Relations), as a bass player for Dr. L. Subramaniam covering countries like Italy, Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, Russia, Sweden, Latvia and Iceland.
Aalaap is part of a Neo-Carnatic-Funk band called Project YUJ, a four piece line up composed of Electric Mandolin, Electric Bass, Keyboards and Acoustic Drums. Yuj, a Sanskrit word that means to join or to concentrate, is indicative of the group’s manifesto — to bring out and fuse its multitude of influences into a whole that is greater than the sum of its parts. The group members’ diverse musical backgrounds and formidable chops allow for flights of improvisational freedom and virtuosity while still maintaining accessibility and musicality. At present, there are not many groups in India that are really trying to improvise and authentically fuse all of these disparate styles while staying true to the vital aspects of each. Project YUJ fills that space!
He has formed a duo multi-genre band called Rahlaap (www.rahlaap.com) along with playback singer Rahul Nambiar. Rahlaap is out with their maiden self-titled multi-genre album. Available in his website www.rahlaap.com and other music portals like iTunes, Amazon, Hummaa etc. He has also sung for several Christian and Hindu albums.
His Malayalam song 'Nenjodu Cherthu' for Yuvvh has become an instant hit in the YouTube world, crossing 1.4 million views in just 4 months of release.
Personal life.
Aalaap Raju is married to Dimple, a Software Consultant. They have a daughter named Dia Samara.

</doc>
<doc id="31070970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070970" title="Emigration from Germany">
Emigration from Germany

Emigration from Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="31070995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31070995" title="Robert Thorp (disambiguation)">
Robert Thorp (disambiguation)

Robert Thorp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071001" title="Ilene">
Ilene

Ilene may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071007" title="Dana Claxton">
Dana Claxton

Dana Claxton (born 1959) is a Hunkpapa Lakota filmmaker, photographer and performance artist. Her work looks at stereotypes, historical context and gender studies of Indigenous peoples of the Americas, specifically those of the First Nations. She works in film, video, photography, multi channel installation, performance. Her artwork explores themes of spirit, self, justice and ideas of Indigenous beauty. In 2007 she was awarded an Eiteljorg Fellowship for Native American Fine Art. VIVA Award from the Jack and Doris Shadbolt Foundation Vancouver Canada, Best Experimental Film Award for He Who Dreams at the ImagineNATIVE Film Festival Toronto, Canada 2013. www.imaginenative.org/
Background.
Heritage and early life.
Claxton's family are descendents of Sitting Bull's followers who escaped prosecution by the U.S. Army in 1876 after the Battle of the Little Bighorn, heading to Canada. Growing up in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, she is the youngest of four siblings. Her family's reserve, Wood Mountain Reserve, is located in Southwest Saskatchewan.
Teaching and video production.
In 2003 she served as the Global Television Chair at the University of Regina where she taught video and sound production at the school of journalism. In 2010 she served as Simon Fraser University's Ruth Wynn Woodward Chair in Women's Studies.
She has directed projects for the Canadian Labour Congress, the National Film Board of Canada, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation,The Province of BC and several independent film projects. She served as director and producer for 52 episodes of the Canadian program "Wakanheja", a First Nations oriented children's program and 26 episodes of "ArtZone", an art show for teenagers - both series were broadcast on APTN - Aboriginal Peoples Television Network. She also served as producer and a storyteller for "First Stories-VTV", a current affairs show about Aboriginal issues.
Current life.
When not creating art, Claxton serves on panel discussions, as an art juror, curator, as well as a mentor for young and emerging artists. Claxton lives in Vancouver, British Columbia and is a faculty member at the University of British Columbia.
Artistic career.
“Dana Claxton’s work is aesthetically innovative, brilliantly written and expertly paced. The thrust of her practice is political, spiritual and social, making it an essential contribution not only to the field of media art, but generally, to a more honest sense of history.” Jason St. Laurent, 2002
Claxton combines her own world-view with Indigenous issues from the past and present. She investigates concerns about colonization, body imagery, beauty, politics, spirituality and the iconography of Native peoples and how it is placed in popular culture. Through video, photography and conceptual projects Claxton strives to blend traditional experiences and environments within contemporary spaces
Dana Claxton works in film, video, photography, single and multi channel video installation and performance art. Her practice investigates beauty, the body, the socio-political and the spiritual. Her work has been shown internationally at the Museum of Modern Art (NYC), Walker Art Centre, Sundance Film Festival, Eiteljorg Museum and the Museum of Contemporary Art (Sydney, AU) and held in public collections including the Vancouver Art Gallery, National Gallery of Canada, Art Bank of Canada and the Winnipeg Art Gallery. She has received numerous awards including the VIVA Award and the Eiteljorg Fellowship.
Her work was selected for the 17th Biennale of Sydney Biennale (10), de Biennale Montréal (07), Biennale d’art contemporain du Havre, France (06), Micro Wave, Hong Kong (05) Art Star Biennale, Ottawa (05) and Wro 03 Media Arts Biennale Wroclaw Poland (03). She has created commissioned works for the University of Lethbridge Gallery, Alternator Gallery, Winnipeg Art Gallery, Urban Shaman, Moose Jaw Museum and Art Gallery and Tribe. She has presented talks at the Getty Institute (LA) and the Art College Association (USA) and the Opening Week Forum of the Biennale of Sydney.
Video.
Claxton's video creations started in the early 1990s. Experimenting with video in works such as "Grant Her Restitution" (1991) and "I Want To Know Why" (1994) where she explores the effects of colonialism on Canadian women. Evolving her artistic goals further, starting in 1996 with "The Red Paper", Claxton proceeded to attempt to "bring spirit into the gallery space". Through the blending of the sacred and secular she incorporates traditional objects and symbols of Lakota spirituality in contemporary spaces and environs.
Photography.
In the series "On to the Red Road" (2006) Claxton brings together five photographs to take an impactful look on femininity and clothing. Through the series Claxton is shown wearing traditional regalia slowly removing articles of clothing to reveal a sexy outfit, bringing questions of sexuality and gender bias to light.
"Paint Up" (2009) features portraits of Joseph Paul, a ceremonial Salish Black Face dancer and Pow-wow dancer living on the Musqueam Indian Reserve. Up close, large scale color portraits of Paul with his face painted, these works have been described as "imposing images, striking and cool, throw down a challenge to the sterile, nonspiritual, materialistic view of contemporary life."
Newer works such as the "Mustang Suite" take a vivid look at the meanings and stereotypes behind "Indianess", specifically Black Elk's vision of the Horse Dance. A group of large C-prints, the mustang represents freedom and mobility, and is not necessarily displayed as a horse. "Daddy's Gotta New Ride" shows an Indigenous man in a black suit with face paint and braided hair, standing next to a red Ford Mustang. "Baby Girls Gotta Mustang" features twin girls in red dresses and mukluks on bicycles. Another in the series, "Mama Has a Pony Girl…Named History and Sets Her Free", shows a medicine woman with her arms outstretched and a Caucasian woman danced like a burlesque pony girl. The image is meant to support Aboriginal women who wish to release themselves from the binds of history, specifically one filled with sexualized stereotypes. Other images in the series are large scale reflections on the Indigenous community in a contemporary world.
Claxton has also focused on the American Indian Movement which features blown up black-and-white photos of declassified government documents about the at times controversial civil rights organization. The documents were collected when Claxton lived in New York City in the late 1980s and early 1990s, from the New York Public Library. The reporting documents have many blacked out words, notorious of other government documents from the FBI and related organizations.
Major works.
Buffalo Bone China.
In "Buffalo Bone China" Claxton blends performance art, found objects and video to dissect the effects upon First Nations peoples due to policies from colonial Great Britain regarding the American bison. Bison were slaughtered and their bones crushed and exported to England to make bone china.
In the performance Claxton smashes pieces of china and makes four bundles, placing the bundles in a sacred circle while a video of buffalo plays in the background. "Feeling the loss of the buffalo, the backbone of Plains spirituality and sustenance, the artist uses a rubber mallet to destroy plates and bowls. The breaking of the china refers to the use of buffalo bones in the making of bone china during the period of exploitation and decimation of the buffalo."
Sitting Bull and the Moose Jaw Sioux.
Created in 2003 and exhibited at the 17th Biennale of Sydney, "Sitting Bull and the Moose Jaw Sioux" brings together landscape scenery, interviews and images to examine the founding of the Moose Jaw camp, the camp founded by Sitting Bull after exodus out of the United States after the Battle of Little Bighorn. The piece, originally commissioned by the Moose Jaw Art Gallery, features four video screens, archival images and interviews from the camps original inhabitants, as well as footage of the site.
Notable collections.
National Gallery of Canada
Moose Jaw Art Gallery 
University of Lethbridge Art Gallery 
The Audian Collection 
Private Collections
International Library Collections (single channel video works)
Art Bank of Canada
Winnipeg Art Gallery
Vancouver Art Gallery
Kamloops Art Gallery
SASK Arts Board
Major exhibitions.
Indian Candy, Winsor Gallery, Art Gallery of Greater Victoria 2014
Indian Candy - billboards across Canada 2014
BEAT NATION, Vancouver Art Gallery, and galleries across Canada
Biennale of Sydney 2010, 

</doc>
<doc id="31071010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071010" title="Robert Thorpe">
Robert Thorpe

Robert or Bob Thorpe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071015" title="Ken Kandodo">
Ken Kandodo

Ken Kandodo is a Financial Manager, MP and politician who was appointed Malawi's Minister of Finance on 15 June 2009. As of 8 September 2011, he is no longer finance Minister in Malawi due to the reshuffle in the Cabinet of Malawi. Kandodo is a grand nephew of former president Hastings Banda. He is a Chewa from the midlands of Malawi.
Early life and career.
He attended the University of Malawi, graduating in 1983 with a BSc in Social Science, majoring in economics. He attended the University of Strathclyde in Scotland, where he obtained an MBA degree in Finance. He worked as an Auditor with KPMG for ten years in the United Kingdom, Malawi and Mozambique. He was appointed a lead Consultant for UNICEF, holding this position for six years. He was UNICEF's Lead Consultant in a project in Mozambique to develop financial systems for managing the HIV/AIDS Common Fund. Before being elected to parliament, Kandodo was Chairperson of the Lilongwe Water Board and the National Food Reserve Agency.
Political career.
Kandodo became a senior member of the Malawi Congress Party. In 2006 he joined the Democratic Progressive Party. Kandodo was elected Member of Parliament for Kasungu Central in May 2009. He was appointed Minister of Finance on 15 June 2009, replacing Goodall Gondwe. Ken Kandodo introduced the unpopular Zero Deficit Budget in Malawi in 2011 under the Bingu wa Mutharika administration. This was an unpopular bill during a time of economic crisis in Malawi that lead to unprecedented levels of fuel shortage, forex exchange and general economic mismanagement. This led to the nation wide economic based July, 20th 2011 Malawi protests. Kandodo was replaced after 2 months after the protests by Ken Lipenga as part of the Cabinet reshuffle that occurred on 8 September 2011.
Philanthropy.
He is sponsor of the Ken Kandodo Trophy, which presents awards to soccer and netball teams in and around Kasungu.
Personal life.
His cousin, Jane Dzanjalimodzi, was appointed First Secretary to the Malawi Mission in Egypt in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31071017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071017" title="Allen Hershkowitz">
Allen Hershkowitz

Dr. Allen Hershkowitz is a Senior Scientist at the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), where he champions environmental responsibility. In 2009, "Yoga + Joyful Living" magazine dubbed him “The Godfather of Greening.” Since joining NRDC in 1988, Dr. Hershkowitz has worked toward large-scale change in the areas of recycling, mountaintop removal coal mining, paper industry impacts, waste incineration, sustainable development and medical wastes.
Greening of Cultural Icons.
In recent years, Dr. Hershkowitz has helped iconic American organizations—including professional sports leagues and major record labels—go green. He helped lead the greening of the 2007-2010 Academy Awards, and the 50th, 51st and 52nd Grammy Awards. He earned the United States Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) 2008 Environmental Merit Award for his role in the greening of Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Basketball Association (NBA), the U.S. Tennis Association (USTA) and the National Hockey League (NHL). Dr. Hershkowitz is a member of the steering committees of the Green Sports Alliance and Broadway Greening Alliance, which he helped establish. He is also a member of the 2011 NCAA Final Four Sustainability Committee.
Environmental achievements.
Dr. Hershkowitz has advised corporations including DuPont, Hugo Neu and Sims Metal Management in their sustainability efforts. His successes include protecting nature in Belize, Appalachian ranges threatened by mountaintop removal coal mining and the boreal forests. Dr. Hershkowitz was a leader in negotiating NRDC’s 2006 forestry protection settlement with Bowater Paper Company 
, which led to large-scale protections of the Cumberland Plateau. He was also an originator of NRDC’s “Testing the Waters”, an annual documentation of beach closures.
Publications.
As an expert on environmental issues, Dr. Hershkowitz has authored numerous publications including "Bronx Ecology: A Blueprint for a New Environmentalism" (Island Press, 2002). In 2011, he contributed an essay titled "Life is God's Masterpiece" to the J. Henry Fair book "The Day After Tomorrow: Images of Our Earth in Crisis" (powerHouse Books, 2011). From 2006-2008, he was on the editorial board of "OnEarth" magazine. Other projects he has authored include "Waste Incineration & Public Health" (National Academy Press: Washington, D.C., Dec. 2002), "Too Good to Throw Away: Recycling's Proven Record" (New York, NRDC, 1997), "Garbage: Practices, Problems and Remedies" (New York: INFORM, 1988), "Garbage Management in Japan" (New York: INFORM, 1987) and "Garbage Burning: Lessons from Europe" (New York: INFORM, 1986).

</doc>
<doc id="31071026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071026" title="Wadi Radd">
Wadi Radd

The Wadi Radd is a tributary of the Khabur River in Syria. Halaba lies near its bank.

</doc>
<doc id="31071031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071031" title="Chojane">
Chojane

Chojane may refer to several villages in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="31071037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071037" title="Hugo Award for Best Graphic Story">
Hugo Award for Best Graphic Story

The Hugo Awards are given every year by the World Science Fiction Society for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. The award is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine "Amazing Stories", and was once officially known as the Science Fiction Achievement Award. It has been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction" and "the best known literary award for science fiction writing". The Hugo Award for Best Graphic Story is given each year for science fiction or fantasy stories told in graphic form and published in English or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The Hugo Award for Best Graphic Story has been awarded annually since 2009. It was started then with the requirement that it would only continue as an official award if approved again by the World Science Fiction Society after that year. It was, and was again awarded in 2010; it was ratified as a permanent category after the 2012 awards.
Hugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by supporting or attending members of the annual World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, and the presentation evening constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with five nominees, except in the case of a tie as happened in 2009. These five graphic stories on the ballot are the five most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of stories that can be nominated. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of five nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year.
In the six years that the award has been active, thirty-one works from seventeen series have been nominated. "Girl Genius", written by Kaja and Phil Foglio, drawn by Phil Foglio, and colored by Cheyenne Wright, won the first three awards. After their third straight win in 2011, the Girl Genius team announced that, in order to show that the category was a "viable award", they were refusing nomination for the following year (after which the award was up for re-ratification); "Girl Genius" was nominated for a fourth time in 2014. The award was won the fourth year by Ursula Vernon's "Digger", and the fifth by Brian K. Vaughn and Fiona Staples's "Saga". "Schlock Mercenary", written and drawn by Howard Tayler, was nominated the first five years, while "Fables", created by writer Bill Willingham, was nominated for the first four. Additionally, "The Unwritten", written by Mike Carey and drawn by Peter Gross, "Locke & Key", written by Joe Hill and drawn by Gabriel Rodriguez, "Grandville", created by Bryan Talbot, and "Saga" have been nominated twice. 
Winners and nominees.
In the following table, the years correspond to the date of the ceremony, rather than when the story was first published. Entries with a blue background have won the award; those with a white background are the other nominated works. 
  *   Winners and joint winners

</doc>
<doc id="31071040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071040" title="Kyrgyzstani Supreme Soviet election, 1990">
Kyrgyzstani Supreme Soviet election, 1990

Supreme Soviet elections were held in the Kirghiz SSR on 25 February 1990, with a second round on 7 April. At the time, the Party of Communists of Kyrgyzstan was the only party in the country, with most of the candidates being from large collectives or state organisations. Nevertheless, the Party of Communists won around 90% of the seats, although some MPs (both independents and PKK members) were informally affiliated with the Democratic Movement of Kyrgyzstan.
Voter turnout was 92.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="31071042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071042" title="Wadi Khnezir">
Wadi Khnezir

The Wadi Khnezir is a tributary of the Khabur River in northeastern Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="31071044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071044" title="Wadi Jarrah">
Wadi Jarrah

The Wadi Jarrah is a tributary of the Khabur River in northeastern Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="31071046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071046" title="Wadi Khanzir">
Wadi Khanzir

The Wadi Khanzir is a tributary of the upper Khabur River in northeastern Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="31071047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071047" title="Colorado River Union High School District">
Colorado River Union High School District

The Colorado River Union High School District is the high school district in Bullhead City, Arizona, USA, and surrounding areas. It operates two high schools, River Valley High School and Mohave High School. The district's high schools have a combined enrollment of 2,429 students.
Its schools serve students from the Bullhead City Elementary School District and Mohave Valley Elementary School District.

</doc>
<doc id="31071049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071049" title="Wadi Avedji">
Wadi Avedji

The Wadi Avedji is a tributary of the upper Khabur River in northeastern Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="31071053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071053" title="Wadi al-Kheder">
Wadi al-Kheder

The Wadi al-Kheder is a tributary of the Balikh River in Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="31071054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071054" title="Wadi Qaramogh">
Wadi Qaramogh

The Wadi Qaramogh is a tributary of the Balikh River in Syria. Wadi Qaramogh can transport considerable amounts of water after heavy rainfall, and large limestone blocks can be found in its lower course.

</doc>
<doc id="31071055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071055" title="Maidstone Borough Council election, 1998">
Maidstone Borough Council election, 1998

The 1998 Maidstone Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent, England. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Election result.
Overall turnout in the election was 27.35%.

</doc>
<doc id="31071064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071064" title="Tunisian Constituent Assembly election, 2011">
Tunisian Constituent Assembly election, 2011

An election for a constituent assembly was held in Tunisia on 23 October 2011, following the Tunisian revolution and announced on 3 March 2011. The new Assembly has 217 members. It was the first free election held in Tunisia since the country's independence in 1956, as well as the first election in the Arab world held after the start of the Arab Spring.
The newly elected Constituent Assembly also has the power to either appoint a new government or extend the current one's term until the general election originally scheduled for July, which will now be held later.
The result was announced after counting began on 25 October 2011. Ennahda won a plurality in the election.
Background.
Senior party members of the disbanded former ruling party, the Constitutional Democratic Rally, were banned from standing in the election if they were in politics within the last ten years. Originally, the ban would have applied to all former senior party members (spanning 23 years instead of 10), but this was revised after protests by former RCD members.
The election campaign officially started on 1 October 2011.
Electoral system.
The voting system allocates seats through proportional representation within various multi-member districts on closed lists based on thresholds set as the quotient of votes cast divided by seats contested. All party lists were required to alternate between male and female candidates.
Domestic districts.
Each governorate of Tunisia has a designated number of seats based on population (Tunis, Sfax, and Nabeul, the three largest governorates by population, are split into two electoral districts each). Districts within Tunisia range in size from four to ten seats. Each delegate represents approximately 60,000 inhabitants, in a country of 10.5 million.
International districts.
Eighteen of the 217 constituent assembly members represent Tunisians abroad. Almost a million Tunisians live abroad, with up to 500,000 Tunisians in France.
Polling for expatriate Tunisians took place in 80 countries around the world. France, Tunisia's former colonial ruler, elected ten representatives; Italy three; Germany one; North America and the rest of Europe two; and other Arab states two.
Around 60,000 Tunisians living in Germany were eligible to vote. In Canada, where around 16,000 Tunisians live, voting took place at the Tunisian embassy in Ottawa and the consulate in Montreal. In the United States, where an estimated 14,500 Tunisian citizens live, polling took place in Washington, D.C., New York City, Miami, Houston, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. In the United Kingdom, there were 4,700 potential voters and voting took place in Birmingham, Edinburgh, London and Manchester.
Issues.
Secularism vs Islamism.
The primary topic of discussion during the campaign has been the role of secularism and Islam in public life. Since the fall of the Ben Ali government, the ban on Hijab in public institutions has been lifted. Many of the secularist parties have formed after Ben Ali's party was dissolved. The repression of Islamists goes back to the days of Habib Bourguiba.
Though Ennahda seeks to establish an Islamic democracy guaranteeing civil freedoms and equality, some secularists claim that the party would endanger civil rights if it came to power. Secularists were also alarmed at violent protests by religious conservatives against the broadcast of the film "Persepolis" (which depicted God, something that is considered blasphemous in Islam) by "Nessma TV". Ennahda condemned the violence, but maintained that the film had "touched everything that is sacred for Tunisians".
Campaign finances.
Another major issue is the role of campaign finances. The PDP alleges that Ennahda has run their campaign unfairly because they allege Ennahda has received money from Persian Gulf billionaires. However, Ennahda denies the claims and assert that they simply use their money efficiently and fund-raise more effectively due to greater support for the party. They point out that their moderate policies have alienated many people in the Gulf area, who believe in radical Salafist and Wahhabi ideas. Others allege that the pro-business PDP and smaller UPL (founded by a Libyan businessman born in Tunisia) have themselves received unfair funding, as they have the support of the rich native business community.
Form of government.
As the Constituent Assembly has to decide over a new constitution for Tunisia, the contenders have presented different proposals for the configuration of the new democratic system. The Ennahda Movement envisions a parliamentary model with a strong prime minister, inspired by the United Kingdom or Germany. Conversely, at least the PDP and the CPR favour a French-style semi-presidential republic.
Observers.
There were more than 10,000 domestic and 500 international observers for the election, some members of delegations from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, the European Union and the Carter Center.
Polls.
Opinion polls showed that a large part of the population had not chosen for whom to vote. Ennahda consistently reached first place, followed by the Progressive Democratic Party, the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties and the Congress for the Republic. In general, parties founded before the revolution have scored better than post-revolutionary parties.
In a poll partly sponsored by Al Jazeera, 47% of the respondents said they strongly identified with Islamism, 19% with Arab nationalism and 19% with liberalism. Only 6% felt strongly in favour of communism or socialism, respectively. A poll released by Sigma on 10 September showed that 57% of respondents agreed with a referendum that could set a limit on the duration of the Assembly's mandate, while 18.6% were against; 24.3% did not know.
Although polling results varied from source to source, it was generally believed Ennahda would do well. Most previously undecided voters shifted towards the secular, center-left parties while Ennahda support remained steady. Since early September, polls showed a close race between Ennahda and a potential coalition of secular parties.
Controversies.
Date of election.
On 8 May 2011, interim prime minister Beji Caid el Sebsi voiced concerns that the election might have to be delayed. However, on 18 May 2011 the PM affirmed the election date would be adhered to. On 22 May 2011, the head of the country's independent electoral body Kamel Jendoubi suggested a delay to 16 October 2011, but this was denied vehemently by the government; very few of the political parties running in the election were in favour of the postponement. Jendoubi insisted on the delay, stating that he needed more time to prepare electoral lists and renew over 400,000 old identity cards, but the final decision would rest with the interim president.
The delay proved to be a very controversial issue, with the Ennahda Movement withdrawing from the National Council for the Safeguard of the Revolution until the election date issue was resolved.
The election, originally scheduled for 24 July 2011, were finally postponed to 23 October 2011 on 8 June 2011. Despite concerns over the delay, all major parties approved of it, even the Ennahda Movement; other parties approving the new election date included the Progressive Democratic Party, Ettajdid Movement, Al Majd, the Tunisian Workers' Communist Party and the Social Liberal Party.
Tunisians in Canada.
In September, the government of Canada declared that it would not allow Tunisia to open polling stations in its territory because it refused to be included in another country's electoral constituency. Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird called the issue "a matter of Canadian sovereignty". In response to Canada's opposition, Tunisia threatened to reject Canadian observers to monitor the election, but later reversed its decision and decided to accredit them. On 18 October, an agreement was reached between the two countries to allow Tunisians to cast their vote in Ottawa, at the Tunisian embassy's consular and diplomatic premises, and in Montreal, at the consulate and at a Tunisian community center.
Results.
There were a total of 11,686 candidates on 1,517 lists: 828 running with political parties, 655 running as independents, and 34 running with party coalitions. There are 33 constituencies, with one party list per group per constituency registered. Each governorate elected between four and ten representatives. The total number of parties contesting the election was about 100.
Tunisian expatriates elected their representatives on 20–22 October 2011.
After Kemal Jendoubi, the head if the Electoral Commission, announced the result, Ennahda claimed victory in the polls amidst expectations of getting about 40% of the vote, which would account for 24 of the 27 districts, according to Samir Dilou. Fellow party member Lotfi Zitoun said that: "I think that al-Nahda will win between 50 and 55 per cent of the seats, with the Congress Party for the Republic (CPR) coming in second place." "Reuters" quoted Ali Larayd as saying that Ennahda would consider forming a coalition with both Ettakatol and CPR. The CPR indicated it was also open to this possibility, but would only stay in a coalition with Ennahda as long as civil liberties were not under threat.
Reactions.
Ennahda's Rachid Ghannouchi said after the victory announcement that: "We salute Sidi Bouzid and its sons who launched the spark and we hope that God will have made Mohamed Bouazizi a martyr. We will continue this revolution to realize its aims of a Tunisia that is free, independent, developing and prosperous in which the rights of God, the Prophet, women, men, the religious and the non-religious are assured because Tunisia is for everyone."
Afek Tounes' had 17 high-level resignations after the election.
The former Iranian foreign minister and leader of the Islamic-nationalist opposition Freedom Movement of Iran Ebrahim Yazdi wrote to Nahda's al-Ghannushi saying: "In Muslim countries once a set of despots have been overthrown, another set of despots immediately take their place. This is what happened in Iran. Despite struggling for fundamental rights, freedom and self-determination, we Muslims from any nationality lack sufficient experience with democracy. We struggle and overthrow dictators but we don't remove tyranny as a mode of governance and a way of life."
Controversies and violence.
Aridha Chaabia had lists in six electoral districts (8 seats total) voided by the electoral commission on the grounds that it violated election rules by campaigning during "Purdha" and because of evidence of foreign funding. At the first announcement of the disqualification, Tunisian journalists in the electoral commission's media center burst into applause and sang the Tunisian national anthem, demonstrating a general suspicion of the Aridha Chaabia lists. In reaction, the party's supporters set fire to the mayor's office and a court in Sidi Bouzid and more than 2,000 protesters congregated outside Ennahda's headquarters in the same town and pelted stones at security forces. Hachmi Hamdi then also said that he would withdraw all 19 seats won by the party. In reaction to the violence a curfew was imposed from 19:00 on 18 October to 5:00 on 29 October and, though tensions remained, there were no violent incidents reported. However, Aridha Chaabia's other list leaders refused to withdraw; consequently Hamdi reverted his decision and also called on the leaders of the nullified lists to appeal against the decision. The Administrative Court accepted, on Tuesday, the appeals filed by Aridha in the districts of Sidi Bouzid, Sfax-1, Jendouba, Kasserine and Tataouine. Aridha Chaabia thus recovered 7 of its 8 invalidated seats, bringing its total to 26. Following this, however, twelve parliament members of Aridha Chaabia resigned from the party and declared themselves independent members.
There were also other minor violations of the electoral code in regards to publicity on the day of the election itself, but it was decided that those were not serious enough to warrant nullifies the seats gained.
Analysis.
Aridha Chaabia's surprise success was linked to its populist rhetoric and its party leader Mohamed Hechmi Hamdi being the only prominent politician not from the coastal regions (he was born in Sidi Bouzid), the party opted for campaigning in rural regions of Tunisia (particularly the south), which are often ignored by mainstream politicians.
Despite concern amongst the Western media about a possible hindrance to women's rights as a result of Ennahda's plurality, Souad Abdel Rahim of Ennahda said: "The doors are open for women now. We can sense that there has already been an impact. Even in Saudi Arabia, women can now vote," adding that Islamist parties in the Arab world should have a "framework" for women's advancement.
Government formation.
Ennahda stated it would propose Hamadi Jebali, the party's secretary-general, as the new PM, but would not field a candidate for president and was open to supporting another party's candidate or the incumbent interim PM. Later, Ennahda named Mustapha Ben Jafar (secretary-general of Ettakatol), Moncef Marzouki (leader of CPR) and Beji Caid Essebsi (the interim PM) as possible candidates for the interim presidential period. Ettatakol stated that it would not nominate Ben Jafar for the position of prime minister, but was still not sure whether to participate in a coalition government with Ennahda and CPR.
On 28 October, Ennahda said a new government could be formed within ten days. Hamadi Jbeli said that talks had already begun on forming a coalition government with the priority agenda being to revive the national economy after the revolution. Rachid Ghannouchi added that Ennahda would honour its undertaking to write a new constitution within a year: "This government will look to establish common grounds through providing a government plan proposal for a year."

</doc>
<doc id="31071068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071068" title="Blind Spot (Beverly Hills, 90210)">
Blind Spot (Beverly Hills, 90210)

"Blind Spot" is a 1994 episode of the American television series "Beverly Hills 90210". The episode follows two stories. In the first, series regular David Silver finds himself attracted to his blind piano teacher, causing a strain on his relationship with girlfriend Donna Martin. In the second, series regular Steve Sanders discovers that Mike Ryan, the president of his college fraternity, is gay and outs him to the rest of the fraternity. The 26th episode of season 4, "Blind Spot" originally aired on April 6, 1994.
Plot.
David Silver (Brian Austin Green) is having trouble practicing a Mozart sonata so he seeks out help from Holly Marlow, a piano teacher who he quickly realizes is blind. He develops feelings for her, slighting his girlfriend Donna Martin (Tori Spelling) in the process. Holly explains to David that he is confusing feelings of protectiveness because of her disability for romantic feelings.
Steve Sanders (Ian Zeiring) and Brandon Walsh (Jason Priestly) are on their way to Dodger Stadium for a baseball game when Brandon's car breaks down. They go into a nearby coffee house to call for help and Steve figures out that it's a gay establishment. He spots Mike Ryan, the president of his fraternity, and Mike spots him as well. Back at the fraternity house Mike asks Steve not to mention his sexuality to the fraternity brothers. At a wardrobe fitting for a charity beefcake calendar, fraternity brother Artie Devers gay-baits Steve, who in response outs Mike. Artie leads an attempt to expel Mike from the fraternity but Steve, extolling the principle of brotherhood, persuades the fraternity to keep Mike.
Impact.
Gender theorist E. Graham McKinley has examined "Blind Spot" for its portrayal of gender relationship dynamics between diverse pairings, specifically David's interaction with the disabled Holly and a date between Donna and recurring African-American character D'Shawn Hardell.
In partnership with the Los Angeles chapter of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation, the producers of "Beverly Hills, 90210" sponsored screenings of "Blind Spot" at three gay and lesbian youth centers in the Los Angeles area. Following each screening, executive producer Chuck Rosin and guest star Todd Bryant participated in a question-and-answer session.

</doc>
<doc id="31071072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071072" title="Lorene">
Lorene

Lorene is a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="31071077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071077" title="Days to Remember">
Days to Remember

Days to Remember () is a 1987 West German drama film directed by Jeanine Meerapfel. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31071083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071083" title="Tamisiocaris">
Tamisiocaris

Tamisiocaris (see latin "tamisium", sieve) is an anomalocaridid taxon initially only known from non-segmented great appendages from Sirius Passet. Further specimens revealed that the appendages near their mouths were adapted to filter feed in a manner analogous to modern baleen whales.

</doc>
<doc id="31071096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071096" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 3000 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 3000 metres

The Men's 3000 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4 and 5 with the final being held on March 5 at 16:50 local time.
Results.
Heats.
First 3 in each heat and 3 best performers advance to the Final. The heats were held at 11:15.
Heat 1.
Note: Yegor Nikolayev qualified to the final by judge decision as during his race he collided with another athlete competing in different event.
Final.
The final was held at 16:50.

</doc>
<doc id="31071119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071119" title="Berthiaume">
Berthiaume

Berthiaume is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31071123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071123" title="International Pyrotechnics Society">
International Pyrotechnics Society

The International Pyrotechnics Society (IPS) is the professional society for the field of pyrotechnics. The IPS was officially founded in May 1980. 
Introduction.
Apart from homogeneous Energetic Materials such as High Explosives and Propellants, those materials constituted from separate fuel and oxidizer particles are called pyrolants, or more commonly, Pyrotechnics. Those specialists working in the field of pyrotechnics are organized into the International Pyrotechnics Society.
History.
In the 1960s some of these specialists attended meetings to share experiences, to present their work, their research and to meet new people. These meetings started as ""the Colorado meetings"", organized by the late Dr. Robert M. Blunt, and this later was formalized into what is currently known as the IPS 
The International Pyrotechnics Society was officially formed in May 1980. However, The International Pyrotechnics Society can claim that its roots go back to 1968 when the First International Pyrotechnics Seminar was held at Estes Park Colorado, USA. In fact it was the Steering Committee of the Sixth International Pyrotechnics Seminar who officially formed the International Pyrotechnics Society. The Society has continued to sanction International Pyrotechnics Seminars. These have normally been held in the United States every other year and other countries such as Australia, China, France, Japan, New Zealand, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom, The Netherlands during alternative years. Over the years the membership of the Society has grown to approximately 275 in 30 countries.
Purposes of this Society.
Seminars and Workshops.
The IPS sponsors or sanctions seminars on topics in the field of energetic materials research, development, technology and applications on an annual basis.
In even years seminars are held in USA, in the uneven years the seminars are held outside the USA and are often jointly organized with similar organizations and institutes such as the French Association of Pyrotechnic.
Since 2004 the IPS has an additional function which is the Annual Workshop on Pyrotechnic Combustion mechanism.
Promoting Young Scientists.
The IPS aims to help young scientists to develop their career in this field of work. For each Seminar a bursary can be awarded to assist young pyrotechnicians to attend and present their work at International Seminars sponsored by the Society by contributing to their travelling costs. The Bursary is known as the Frank Carver Bursary and is administrated by a Bursary Committee under the auspices of the Society.
Publication.
The official publication of the IPS is the Propellants, Explosives, Pyrotechnics journal published bimonthly by Wiley-VCH-publisher in Weinheim/Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31071127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071127" title="Christian Hansen &amp; The Autistics">
Christian Hansen &amp; The Autistics

Christian Hansen is a musical group out of Edmonton, Alberta. Formed late in 2007, the band consists of Christian Hansen and Molly Flood. The band describes themselves as "the dazzle of disco mixed with the immediacy of punk rock. A dangerous sweat and love fest of epic proportions." They built up a local following in Edmonton before beginning a cross Canada tour and gaining radio play on CBC radio. All of this led to their first full length album, "Power Leopard," which debuted in March 2009.
Early Years.
Christian Hansen formed as a band in early 2007 with the name Christian Hansen and The Autistics. Shortly after, they released a short three song demo, Power Leopard EP, and its single "Cocaine Trade" said to be Song of the Year from local newspaper The Edmonton Journal. With this build of momentum, CHATA won Sonic's Band of the Month February 2009 and by the end of February, the band sold out their venue in just 6 minutes. In March 2009, they were awarded a $10, 000 development grant for Edmonton artists from Rawlco Radio, owner of Edmonton's Magic 99 radio station. This grant lead to the band's first full length album "Power Leopard".
First Full Length Album.
in March 2009, Christian Hansen released their debut full-length album in titled Power Leopard. The album was produced and recorded by Doug Organ of Edmontone Studio. Power Leopard gained recognition with the singles of “Cocaine Trade” and “Pump it”, which were put into rotation on Edmonton’s Sonic 102.9 FM. The album received numerous accolades. “Cocaine Trade” became the 4th most requested song of the year on Sonic 102.9 FM, and was also declared song of the year by Sandra Sperounes of the Edmonton Journal. Power Leopard reached number 5 on Megatunes top 30 record sales for the week of September 10, 2009.
A four song EP, "Swans", was released on June 4, 2010.
The band's live line up changed in spring 2011, adding a rhythm section of Doug Organ on drums and Doug Hoyer on bass. Molly Flood and Christian Hansen announced that they would be relocating to Toronto via the Edmonton Journal on Sept 28, 2011. On April 26, 2012 the band officially changed their name to Christian Hansen, due to the change in musical style and band personnel.
Relocation and Second Full Length Album.
Core members Hansen and Flood relocated the band to Toronto in 2011. In October 2012, the band released their second full length, "C'mon Arizona", emphasizing the guitar-based rock esthetic that had been hinted at on the first two releases. 2012 also saw the addition of Dustin Hawthorne (formerly of Hot Hot Heat) on bass and Al Boyle (of You Say Party) on drums.
Singles & Music Videos.
Cocaine Trade
<br>http://www.youtube.com/embed/iJrJ47H-_Bo
Awards.
Voted one of Edmonton's Favorite Bands in SEE Magazine
<br>In March 2009 they released debut full length POWER LEOPARD. 2 songs from the album were picked up by Sonic 102.9FM and XM Satellite Radio
<br>They were nominated for Best New Artist by XM Radio, played SLED ISLAND, NMW, Boonstock, and NXNE (June 2010). 
<br>Edmonton Journal published an article naming "Cocaine Trade" as 2008 Song of the Year.
<br>Stuart Derdeyn from Vancouver's Province Newspaper included them in his TOP 10 PERFORMANCES OF 2009.
Miscellaneous.
Both members of the band are University of Alberta alumni, graduating with Bachelors of Fine Arts in Drama. Christian Hansen and Molly Flood got married September 5, 2009.
The band’s name has been a controversial topic but the band has maintained a positive outlook towards their name saying they are paying homage to Autism and the people it affects. In 2009, Hansen told an interviewer, “People have thought that we're making fun of autistic people, but nothing could be further from the truth. The name is an absolute tribute,” 2009 was also the same year Christian Hansen won an award for Support Worker of the Year from the Autism Society of Edmonton for his actions working with autism and other diseases.
References.
1. http://www.last.fm/music/Christian%2BHansen%2B%2526%2BThe%2BAutistics/+wiki
2. <br>http://www.canada.com/story_print.html?id=a2cf67ba-6cba-403c-ba84-3c32931edd3e&sponsor
3. <br>http://www.sonicbids.com/2/epk/default.aspx?epk_id=85898&poll_id=0&skin_id=21&submission_id
4. <br>http://thegatewayonline.ca/articles/arts-entertainment/2009/10/28/christian-hansen-autistics-treat-fans-halloween-show
5. <br>http://www.drama.ualberta.ca/en/Drama%20News/2009/11/Theatrealumnusstrikesupbandast.aspx 
6. <br>http://www.canada.com/edmontonjournal/news/culture/story.html?id=a2cf67ba-6cba-403c-ba84-3c32931edd3e
7. <br>http://radio3.cbc.ca/#/bands/Christian-Hansen-the-Autistics
8. <br>http://vueweekly.com/music/story/christian_hansen_the_autistics/
9. <br>http://www.seemagazine.com/article/music/music-feature/christian0903/

</doc>
<doc id="31071132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071132" title="Kyrgyzstani parliamentary election, 1995">
Kyrgyzstani parliamentary election, 1995

Parliamentary elections were held in Kyrgyzstan on 5 February 1995, with a second round on 19 February. The Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan emerged as the largest party, with 14 of the 105 seats. 
Voter turnout was 76%.

</doc>
<doc id="31071135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071135" title="Sociedade Boca Júnior Futebol Clube">
Sociedade Boca Júnior Futebol Clube

Sociedade Boca Júnior Futebol Clube, commonly known as Boca Júnior, is a Brazilian football club based in Cristinápolis, Sergipe state. The women's team competed in the Copa do Brasil twice.
History.
The club was founded on December 25, 1993, and has a similar name and colors as Argentine club Club Atlético Boca Juniors.
Men's team.
Boca Júnior won the Campeonato Sergipano Série A2 in 2004, when they beat América in the final, and in 2007, when they beat São Domingos in the final, and Boca Júnior's Rivanílton was the competition's top goal scorer with six goals.
Women's team.
They competed in the Copa do Brasil for the first time in 2008, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Parnamirim. Boca Júnior competed again in 2010, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Vitória das Tabocas, from Pernambuco state.
Stadium.
Sociedade Boca Júnior Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Geraldo Oliveira, nicknamed "Geraldão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31071148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071148" title="Siege of Vyborg (1710)">
Siege of Vyborg (1710)

The Siege of Vyborg took place in the spring of 1710 during the Great Northern War (1700–1721), as a second attempt by the Russians to capture the fortress town of Vyborg after a failed attempt in 1706. After the outbreak of the war, Swedish forces had fortified themselves in the port of Vyborg. In order to assure safety for the newly founded city of Saint Petersburg, Peter the Great ordered the Swedish fort to be secured. These plans were put on hold because of other ongoing conflicts but, after the Russian success at the Battle of Poltava in June 1709, the men and resources were available to capture the town. 
Thirteen thousand troops under General-Admiral Fyodor Apraksin marched to Vyborg and laid siege on 22 March 1710. Magnus Stiernstråle, the Swedish commander at the fort, waited in vain for Swedish assistance, while a stalemate ensued because the Russians lacked sufficient artillery. In April, Peter the Great managed to bring through a fleet of 250 ships to deliver guns and supplies, and to help perform a final assault on Swedish positions. After these Russian attacks, the Swedish garrison surrendered on 12 June 1710.
Background.
After the victory at the Battle of Poltava, the Russian army was able to proceed with further offensive actions in the northwestern theater of operations. In 1710, the Russian army undertook an offensive in two directions: on the Baltic coast (where, in the fall in 1710, Riga was besieged) and in Finland, with attacks on Vyborg and Kexholm. The selection of the command staff destined for the siege of Vyborg led to the main authority being given to General-Admiral Fyodor Apraksin, while his subordinates were Major-Generals and Wilhelm Bergholtz. Before the siege, Bruce and Bergholtz had operated mainly in defensive roles, chiefly in the defense of Saint Petersburg. They would later lead the offensive into Finland. They were chosen because, at that time, the commanders most experienced in siege warfare (including Boris Sheremetev, Jacob Bruce, and Anikita Repnin) were concentrated around Riga. Consequently, it was considered a possibility that Peter the Great himself would command forces at Vyborg, so that he would not have to reassign the experienced generals and thus jeopardize the attacks on Riga.
Fortifications at Vyborg.
In 1709, the main fort at Vyborg consisted of five frontal bastions named Holtz, Neuport, Klein-Platform, Wasserport and Eleonora, connected by the Vyborg town wall, in the eastern section of the town. The western part of the town, connected to the main section, had three bastions named Valport, Panzerlachs, and Evrop. To the west of the wall between Panzerlachs and Evrop, there was a ravelin and two caponiers, and to the west of the wall between Evrop and Eleonora was another ravelin. Both ravelins were, apparently, earthen, but inside the main eastern fort, all structures were stone. Most of the structures in the western part of the fort were wooden, with the exception of the stone guard tower, named the Petersburg tower. Separate from these fortifications, on the small central island east of the town (now the Zamochnyy Island), was "Schloss" (Castle) Vyborg, which stands to this day. The fort had 151 guns at its defense.
By this time, the fortifications had fallen into disrepair because the Swedish command did not pay much attention to these territories, and funds that were allotted for renovation were insignificant. In addition, the forts at Nöteborg and Nyenschantz were considered sufficient to provide defense for the region. In 1702, however, some repairs were completed under the supervision of Captain L. Stobecks.
According to Yuri Moshnik, a modern historian, the garrison at Vyborg in 1710 stood at 6000 men; other modern historians B. Adamovich and A. I. Dubravin put the number at 4000. Since 1702, the commander there had been Zacharias Animoff, who was old and in poor health. For that reason, in February 1710, Colonel Magnus Stiernstråle officially replaced him; he had "de facto" headed the efforts to fortify the city.
Previous attempts.
Russia had made a previous attempt to capture Vyborg; in October 1706, a siege corps was sent there under the command of Robert (Roman) Bruce. On 22 October, mortars were placed and the bombardment began, which continued for four days and caused five fires in the fort at Vyborg. After the bombardment, Russian forces retreated to Saint Petersburg after commanders realized that a siege could not be carried out without naval support and larger cannon. Also, autumn was not considered a suitable time for siege operations. The idea to reattempt a capture of Vyborg was first proposed by Peter the Great in 1708, but rejected by the military due to the recent Swedish offensive.
Russian attack.
Peter's plan for the second siege of Vyborg involved a combination of land and sea forces, and the fort was to be taken by a prolonged siege. By February 1710, a specialized siege corps had been assembled on Kotlin Island. This time, the Russian attack came in two stages. On 2 March 1710, General Apraksin received orders to attack Vyborg, and he planned to move out by 15 March. However, on 16 March, he was still on Kotlin Island, from where he wrote to Robert Bruce that he was departing on "the day of tomorrow". In fact, he only set out on 21 March, arriving with the cavalry on that same day at Vyborg; the infantry and cannon arrived the next day.
Russian forces arrive.
When the siege corps arrived at Vyborg on the 22nd, they occupied the town's outskirts and countryside, forcing the Swedes to regroup behind the town's inner stone wall. The Swedes had attempted to burn down the part of the town outside of the stone walls to prevent it from falling into Russian hands, but failed to do so before they were driven into their fortifications. On that same day, as Apraksin reported to the czar: 
"We neared the fort itself in approaches, which took a great effort, since at that time there was great cold, and in addition to that the situation around the fort is rocky, which caused significant upturn; however, despite the difficulty, the approaches have brought us to the sea strait, which is right under the city itself, at the distance of a musket's shot, with which bags full of fur were very helpful, where there were bare rocks. And for the other side ... to perform the approaches, Major-General Bergholtz was sent out with six regiments, which were also nearing the city with approaches."
These advances took place under Swedish artillery fire. From 21 March until 29 March (when, according to Aleksander Myshlayevsky, the Russians began firing their artillery), 66 bombs and 1,200 round shots were released by Swedish artillery. Also, the Swedes attempted a ground assault, but were driven back into the fort.
Number of artillery pieces.
Estimates of the number of artillery pieces taken to Vyborg differ widely according to the various sources. In most sources, including "Journal ... of Emperor Peter the Great from 1698 to the Treaty of Nystad", "Report on the capture of Vyborg", "The Life and Affairs of the Great Sovereign", and "The Vyborg Fortress: Chronicles from 1710 to 1872", it is said that there were ten 12-pounder guns and three mortars. N. G. Ustryalov believed that there were ten 12-pounders and five mortars, M. M. Borodkin counted 24 cannon and four mortars, and M. V. Vasiliev 12 cannon and four mortars, although none of these historians give their sources for their figures. A letter from Fyodor Apraksin to Peter the Great dated 2 April 1710 stated that "the enemy has constructed three batteries against us; they shoot powerfully and accurately: one of our cannon, they have broken, another blew up from frequent firing; we have, remaining, 10 cannon in our batteries." (This was the only recorded time during the siege when Swedish artillery managed to disable Russian equipment.) Thus, Myshlaevsky concluded that there were originally 12 cannon brought to Vyborg, but only ten of them were used in the siege, as two of them were disabled. There were probably three mortars, although there are no primary sources to validate this.
In any case, there was not enough artillery, but new pieces could not be brought in. This was because it was very difficult to move them over land, and there was not enough ice to bring them over the sea.
Initial bombardment.
It is not certain on what day the Russians began shelling the fort. Based on reports by Apraksin to Peter and on Peter the Great's journal, Russian artillery opened fire on 1 April. However, Apraksin reported to the czar that he "began bombarding Vyborg and the castle on 30 March, and on the first day 130 bombs were planted, and 90 on the second." Furthermore, Aleksander Myshlayevsky published a "List of how many shots were fired from mortars and cannon at Vyborg from 21 March to 9 April, and how many of them hit the city." There, it claims that shelling began on 29 March, when 150 mortar shots and 60 cannon shots were fired. It continues, saying that during the next three days only the mortars were used, firing 100 shots per day. In total, during the first period of the siege, the attackers fired 2,975 shots from mortars and 1,531 from cannon, and the Swedes fired 399 mortar shots and 7,464 cannon shots; thus the Swedish fire outweighed the Russian fire. On 5 April, Apraksin noted that "our cannon are doing little to help us, for they are rather small and light; when we begin firing, the opponent shoots one out of ten." However, the mortars inflicted great damage upon Vyborg and the fort, forcing citizens to find cover in cellars. Despite this, soldiers had to remain positioned on the mounds, and suffered heavy casualties.
Soon, Major-Generals Bruce and Bergholtz turned to Apraksin with a proposal to assault the fort, not waiting for "the production of an opening". Their reasoning was that they could end up losing more soldiers from injuries and disease than they would during an assault. Peter, having found out about this from a letter by Apraksin, decided it to be "very significant, but also very dangerous." In the end he left the decision up to General Apraksin who, not wanting to bear the responsibility for a failure, decided to wait for reinforcements to arrive by sea once the ice had opened up.
Small Swedish garrison placed their hopes on the support from the Swedish Navy which was bound to arrive once the ice opened up. Russians on the other had were also running low on food and ammunition and with roads between Viborg and Saint Petersburg ruined by thaw only route for their support and supplies to arrive was also via sea route. With neither side able to make headway both sides waiting for their respective naval force. The side whose naval forces arrived first would have decisive advantage in the siege. 
Reinforcements arrive.
Meanwhile, in Saint Petersburg, preparations were already underway for an amphibious attack on Vyborg. The tools needed for the siege were taken from the Peter and Paul Fortress. On 4 April, Cyril Naryshkin, the first Commandant of Saint Petersburg, received orders for twenty 18-pounder guns to be sent to Vyborg from Narva (through Saint Petersburg), "by land or by sea, whichever path is more convenient," and 9,000 cannonballs along with them. However, Naryshkin could not gather the artillery fast enough, and only on 25 April did he send the cannon to Kotlin Island, where Captain Solovoy received them.
Peter did not wait for the cannon and, on 30 April, set out with his fleet to sea. He could not postpone his sailing due to a shortage of ammunition and provisions at Vyborg. Because the ice had not completely melted, the trip to Vyborg was very difficult. When the ice was particularly thick, crews had to resort to "hauling a small cannon onto the bowsprit and dropping it onto the ice" to break it. Many provision transport ships were driven off course by winds or ice, and they were barely rescued. When Peter's fleet finally arrived on 9 May, the Russian troops had only three days of provisions left. Russian forces also formed defenses to Trångsund (ru: Vysotsk, fi: Uuras) to blockade the town from sea.
Swedish squadron consisting of seven ships of the line and three frigates and their assorted support ships under Admiral Gustav Wattrang had been delayed by the easterly winds arrived only after the Russian fleet had already left back for Saint Petersburg. Since they were unable to approach the town due to Russian defenses the Swedish squadron chose to arrange blockade of their own outside of Trångsund to trap the few Russian ships left behind. However due to the late arrival of the squadron the town had in effect already been lost and its surrender was only matter of time.
Upon arriving at Vyborg, Peter immediately inspected Swedish fortifications and devised "Instructions on preparations for an assault on Vyborg". In it were plans for constructing two cannon batteries and three mortar batteries, with a total of 60 cannon and 18 mortars directed toward the Vyborg fort. It was also ordered that 140 light mortars be placed to knock enemy troops from walls during a final assault and to perform nighttime bombardments. Peter noted that that left 20 cannon, ten mortars and 50 light mortars in reserve, which could be used during a full barrage of the fort. He also proposed using fire ships from the sea, although they were never used.
Construction on the batteries mentioned in Peter's "Instructions" began on 17 May, and some of them were finished by 24 May. "The Vyborg Fortress: Chronicles from 1710 to 1872" mentions that during the construction, a truce-bearer was sent out from the Vyborg fort with a request to Russian forces to allow passage for a courier to deliver letters to the Swedish general Georg Lübecker, but the request was denied. There are also records that show a Swedish fleet arriving at Vyborg and being beaten back by the Russians. However, other sources do not mention the truce-bearer or the naval battle; Fyodor Apraksin even wrote to the czar saying that he "could not imagine" how a Swedish fleet could be sent to Vyborg, although he did take precautions. During this time, Ivan Botsis was sent out with a fleet of galleys to block access to the bay, thus completely blockading the town and fort of Vyborg.
Final barrage and Swedish surrender.
In a letter on 29 May, Fyodor Apraksin noted that work on the artillery batteries on his side of Vyborg were finished, and that there was still progress to be made toward completing the batteries on Bergholtz's side (although ten mortars were already in place), because of "great swamps and rocky ". He asked Peter whether to wait for Bergholtz to finish building his batteries or proceed in the barrage without him; Apraksin himself was leaning toward the latter option, because he did not want to lose time and supplies, and because that side of the fortress was too heavily fortified for Bergholtz's guns. The czar agreed that there was no reason to wait, and ordered that the bombardment start as soon as possible. However, this led to another problem: it was impossible to quietly transport artillery over the rocky soil. There was also more daylight by that time of the year, and due to Vyborg's location in the northern latitudes, the sun only set around 9:00 pm. This meant that twilight lasted almost all night, and Swedish defensive fire could continue for longer, inflicting further casualties. 
Nevertheless, the second barrage of the fort began on 1 June; by then, Bergholtz had 13 additional cannon at his disposal. The barrage lasted until 6 June, as a result of which "there was made a great breach, that two battalions were lined up on either side to take the city". During those six days, there were a total of 2,975 mortar shots and 1,539 from cannon. The Swedish fired 7,464 shots from cannon and 394 from mortars. Both the first and second barrages had a similar number of shots fired, but the second barrage was a lot more devastating to the Swedish. This was due to several factors; the shots fired during the second bombardment used higher-caliber ammunition and did greater damage per round, and the rate of fire was much more intense. The first bombardment took a month, whereas the second only took six days.
On 6 June, the decision was made to make a final assault on the fort. The next two days were spent in preparation, and those who would lead the "storm" were already chosen. However, on 9 June, the Swedish side sent out another truce-bearer, who said they were ready to surrender. On 13 June, the garrison at Vyborg officially surrendered before any direct assault took place. The surrendered Swedish garrison numbered 3,880 men, including 156 officers and 3,274 soldiers of lower rank. Swedish losses were estimated at around 2,500. Contrary to what had been agreed in surrender documents Russians took all the healthy men left in the garrison when it surrendered as prisoners while 877 wounded men as well as 169 women and group of children were transported to Helsinki aboard the ships of Admiral Wattrang.
Aftermath.
In his letters announcing the capture of Vyborg, Peter the Great wrote that from now on the "final security of Saint Petersburg has been achieved." The czar said that Vyborg should become a "firm cushion" to the new capital. By capturing Vyborg, several important strategic goals were achieved. The Russian Empire now had vastly improved access to the Baltic Sea, from which they could launch further attacks against Finland, and a powerful fort that would defend the new capital of Saint Petersburg. The czar ordered the fort to be renovated with the help of a special army division and local peasants.
Attempt to retake the town was made under the leadership of the new Swedish Governor-General of Finland Carl Nieroth with 10 000 men strong army supported by naval squadron led by Admiral Olof Wernfelt consisting of 6 ships of the line, 3 frigates and 3 brigantines. Swedish light infantry had started the harassing operations already in the spring of 1711 and naval blockade had been place for most of the summer. Swedish manpower had been sapped by a plague which had struck Finland in late 1710 killing amongst others nearly a thousand in Helsinki alone - half the population at the time. Same plague had struck Karlskrona making it difficult for the Swedish to equip their naval squadron Finland and it took until late June before it was able to sail delaying all Swedish operations. Actual siege by land forces was started in the autumn. However as king refused to release more troops and supplies from Sweden for the besieging forces the siege was doomed to fail. On 2 December 1711 freezing waters and harsh weather forced the naval force to retire and by the Christmas also the land forces had to withdraw. Nieroth who had invigorated the whole of Finland perished suddenly on 25 January 1712 and was succeeded by weak Georg Henrik Lybecker. 
Strategic significance.
With the loss of Vyborg, the Swedes lost an important naval and land base, and their activities in the Gulf of Finland were restricted. Russia's occupation of Vyborg allowed the creation of a base to supply troops and build ships, and expanded the zone of action of the Baltic Fleet. Vyborg demonstrated this importance as a key military base from 1712 to 1714, when full-scale Russian land operations began in Finland. Thus, in effect, the capture of Vyborg and Karelia served to determine the outcome of the Great Northern War by establishing a staging area for further military actions.
During peace talks with Sweden, the "Vyborg question" was debated, and Peter the Great told his representative, Andrey Osterman, to pressure Sweden to cede Vyborg and Riga regardless of the situation. Thus, after the Treaty of Nystad, Vyborg officially became incorporated into the Russian Empire. This began a new period in the city's multinational history, where Russian influences would mix with the city's Swedish, Finnish, and German culture.

</doc>
<doc id="31071152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071152" title="Al-Alwah">
Al-Alwah

Aaloua () is a village on the Khabur River in the Al-Hasakah Governorate of Syria. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), al-Alwah had a population of 1,431 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="31071154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071154" title="Cione">
Cione

Cione may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071156" title="Greene County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Greene County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Greene County Courthouse, located in Jefferson, Iowa, United States, was built in 1918. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first courthouse in Greene County was a frame building built in 1856 for $1,825. Prior to that time the county officers were housed in the Thomas Phillips Building. The second courthouse was competed in 1870 for $37,000. The building featured a bell in the cupola that served as a fire alarm, called the court into session and curfew. The present courthouse was dedicated in 1917 and was built at a cost of $200,000. A monument to President Abraham Lincoln was added in 1918 to commemorate the Lincoln Highway, which passes in front of the courthouse. 
The Mahanay Tower was added to the courthouse grounds in 1966. 
In 1993 the Lindsey Memorial, which originally stood at the Lindsey Air Station in Wiesbaden, Germany, was placed on the courthouse grounds. It commemorates Greene County native Darrell R. Lindsey, who posthumously received the Medal of Honor during World War II.
Architecture.
Proudfoot, Bird & Rawson of Des Moines designed the building in the Beaux Arts style. It is constructed of Bedford Stone and in three-stories tall. The floor of the central rotunda features a 14 foot (4.3 m) mosaic tile reproduction of the county seal. William Peaco painted the four murals that adorn the inner dome. They are titled: "The Buffalo Hunt", "The Emigrants", "The Pioneer" and "The Modern Farm".
Mahanay Tower.
The bell tower was dedicated on October 16, 1966 and was built at a cost of $350,000. It was paid for by the estates of Mr. and Mrs. Floyd Mahanay. The 165 foot (50.3 m) tower contains 14 bells that were cast in the Petit & Fritsen Bell Foundry in Aarle-Rixtel the Netherlands. The bells chime on the hour, quarter hour, half-hour and three-quarters’ hour. Music is played daily on an electric keyboard. The tower has a 120 foot (36.6 m) observation deck that is accessed by way of a glass elevator.

</doc>
<doc id="31071159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071159" title="Saadat Khiyali">
Saadat Khiyali

 Saadat Khiyali was a senior Pakistani journalist, Columnist and committed trade union leader. He was Ex Executive Editor of Daily Mashriq Lahore. He was also known for his columns in Urdu newspapers. He was next to Shaukat Butt (late) who was V President Union of Journalists Rawalpindi in 1970-74. His son Zulfiqar is iving in Mississuaga.
Career.
in Kohistan. He broke the news of SIX Points of Mujib ur Rheman in Kohistan. Mr. Ghulam Akbar Chief Editor of Al Akhbar was then the Executive Editor of Kohistan. Legend Mr. Enayat Ullah recruited Sadat Khayali in Kohistan.
Death.
Saadat Khiyali expired morning at 8:00 am on 2 March, Thursday, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31071167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071167" title="Ker-Feal">
Ker-Feal

Ker-Feal, built in 1775, is a historic fieldstone dwelling located in West Pikeland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 2003.
The property was purchased by Albert C. Barnes and his wife Laura in 1940 and expanded with two additions. The name "Ker-Feal" means "Fidèle's House" in Breton and was named after Barnes' favorite dog, Fidèle de Port Manech. The property is now owned by the Barnes Foundation. Ker-Feal received an upgraded climate-control system in 2001 paid for with several grants. Another grant in 2006 allowed for grounds assessment.

</doc>
<doc id="31071210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071210" title="St Laurence's Church, Norwich">
St Laurence's Church, Norwich

St Laurence's Church, Norwich, or St Lawrence's Church, is a redundant Anglican church in St Benedict's Street, Norwich, Norfolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands on a sloping site between Westwick Street and St Benedict's Street.
History.
The church was built between 1460 and 1472. It was restored in 1893, during which a corner turret was added to the tower. Towards the end of the 19th century the size of the congregation declined, and in 1903 its parish was united with that of St Gregory's. The church closed finally in 1968, and was later vested in the Churches Conservation Trust.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St Laurence's Church is constructed in flint with stone and brick dressings. The clerestory has an ashlar facing. The roofs are in lead and slate. Its plan consists of a nave and chancel in one unit, north and south aisles, north and south porches, a rood stair turret on the south side, and a west tower. The tower is high. It is in three stages with diagonal buttresses. In the lowest stage is an arched west door. Its spandrels contain carvings of "St Edmund being arrowed and St Lawrence being grilled". Above the doorway is a four-light Perpendicular window, with niches for statues on each side. In the middle stage are square sound holes, and there is a clock face on the south side. The top stage contains two-light bell openings on each side. The parapet consists of a two-stepped battlements with corner pinnacles. The stair turret terminates in a spirelet.
The aisles have five bays along the nave with an extra half bay extending along the chancel. The windows along the sides of the aisles, and at their ends, are Perpendicular in style with four lights. The clerestory runs along the entire length of the nave and chancel, and contains eleven tall three-light windows on each side. The east window of he chancel dates from the late 19th century and is in Perpendicular style. Both porches have two storeys. The north porch has a central statue niche in the upper storey with flanking windows, and blocked east and west windows. Inside the porch is a lierne vault.
Interior.
Inside the church, the arcades are carried on octagonal piers. The roof is a hammerbeam supported on corbels carved with angels. At the east end of the church are seven steps leading up to the altar. The reredos is a war memorial of 1921 that includes panels painted by Kingston Rudd. Flanking this are more panels painted with images of angels and saints. There are similar painted panels on the screen to the north aisle chapel. Most of the furniture has been removed from the church, but a 15th-century font is still present. Some medieval stained glass has been incorporated in a mosaic in the east window of the south aisle. Some brasses remain in the church, while others have been removed and are in storage. One of those remaining, on the east wall of the north aisle, is to Sarah Glover, the inventor of the Norwich sol-fa system of musical notation. There is a ring of six bells. The oldest of these was cast in about 1356 by William Revel, the next in about 1530 by William Barker, and the third oldest in 1615 by William Brend. Of the final three, one was cast in 1701 by Charles Newman, and the other two in 1737 by Thomas Newman.

</doc>
<doc id="31071221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071221" title="Elaphostrongylus">
Elaphostrongylus

Elaphostrongylus is a genus of parasitic nematodes in the family Protostrongylidae.
Life cycle.
Intermediate hosts of "Elaphostrongylus" spp. are terrestrial gastropods and they include:
Experimental hosts of "Elaphostrongylus" spp. can also be freshwater snails. For example "Lymnaea stagnalis" has been experimentally infected with "Elaphostrongylus rangiferi".
"Elaphostrongylus" spp. causes cerebral nematodiasis. Definitive host include Cervidae: moose "Alces alces", "Cervus elaphus" and reindeer "Rangifer tarandus".

</doc>
<doc id="31071234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071234" title="List of programs broadcast by OLN">
List of programs broadcast by OLN

This is a list of past and present programs broadcast by the Canadian television channel OLN and in its former incarnations Outdoor Life Network and Outdoor Life.
Past.
P-T.
Pilot Guides

</doc>
<doc id="31071235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071235" title="Uwe Mares">
Uwe Mares

Uwe Mares (born 8 May 1942) is a German sailor. He finished fourth at the 1976 Summer Olympics in the Tempest class with Wolf Stadler.

</doc>
<doc id="31071257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071257" title="Villafañe">
Villafañe

Villafañe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071279" title="Frederick Brent Grotrian">
Frederick Brent Grotrian

Frederick Brent Grotrian was a conservative MP for Kingston upon Hull east constituency.
Biography.
F.B. Grotian married Elizabeth Hunter in 1862, having eight children Ethel, Hilda, Bessie, Gwendolen, Frederick, Herbert (later Sir Herbert Brent Grotrian), Harold, and Edgar.
He was founder of the Hull Daily Mail (1889), member of the Hull Chamber of Commerce, and one of the founders of the Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways Company.

</doc>
<doc id="31071293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071293" title="List of Masters of Pembroke College, Cambridge">
List of Masters of Pembroke College, Cambridge

The following persons have served as Master of Pembroke College, Cambridge:

</doc>
<doc id="31071295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071295" title="Congratulations Remixes">
Congratulations Remixes

Congratulations Remixes is an EP which includes remixes of 3 tracks from the MGMT release "Congratulations".
Description.
The EP features a full 10+ minute "Siberian Breaks" remix from the Ed Banger All-Stars, an ambiguous group of collective artists on Ed Banger Records which was founded by Pedro Winter, whose stage name is Busy P, and is the home of musicians such as Justice, SebastiAn, Mr. Oizo, Breakbot, and many others. The remix defies all boundaries of the generic "remix", blending many genres of music, not only electric. The exact artists who had a hand in the collective remix of this song is unclear. Also included is a remix of "Congratulations" by Erol Alkan, a London based DJ known as an originator of mashups and one of the most acclaimed DJs of the last decade, reworked the title track "Congratulations". The final track was remixed by Japanese artist/producer, Cornelius, who remixed the band's song "Brian Eno". These join the previously released remixes of "It's Working" by Air and Violens.
Cover.
The cover of this EP is an alternative version that was used of cover in the album "Congratulations" (created by Anthony Ausgang) but this is characteristic in that it is oriented toward the right side (the original is oriented toward the left side) and as a main feature it has the negative colors of the original colors, except the eyes of the cat's surfer, which remain white.
Remixes.
The remix of "Congratulations" by Erol Alkan was released on the single "Congratulations" on November 26, 2010.
The remix of "Siberian Breaks" by Ed Banger All-Stars was given as a free download if you bought any vinyl on the MGMT Store before January 1, 2011.
The remix of "Brian Eno" by Cornelius was released on the Japanese re-release of "Congratulations" as a bonus track on July 21, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31071314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071314" title="Ioane">
Ioane

Ioane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071317" title="Paul Raymond Newton">
Paul Raymond Newton

Lieutenant General Sir Paul Raymond Newton is a former British Army officer and Director of Exeter University's Strategy and Security Institute. Prior to leaving the army he was Commander Force Development and Training. He is also Colonel Commandant of the Queen's Division and Honorary Colonel of 15 (United Kingdom) Psychological Operations Group.
Military career.
Educated at Sandhurst and later at Cambridge University, Newton was commissioned into the Royal Hampshire Regiment in 1975. He earned promotion to lieutenant two years later. He was promoted to the rank of captain in the Royal Hampshire Regiment in 1981 and to major in 1988 seeing service as a company commander. Promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1994, he was given command of the 2nd Battalion The Princess of Wales’s Royal Regiment (2PWRR) in Northern Ireland.
Promoted to colonel in 1998, Newton attended the Higher Command and Staff Course at the Joint Services Command and Staff College in 1999 and then joined Permanent Joint Headquarters at Northwood where he undertook planning for the British response to the Kosovo War. He later commanded Brunei Garrison where he undertook planning for operations in East Timor.
Promoted to brigadier in 2000, Newton became Commander of 8th Infantry Brigade in December 2000 and again saw service in Northern Ireland for which he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire. After attending the Royal College of Defence Studies, he became Chief of Defence Staff’s Liaison Officer to the Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs in Washington, working on Iraq, in 2003. He was deployed as the Deputy, Strategic Planning in HQ Multi-National Force Iraq in September 2004 for which he was awarded the US Legion of Merit.
Newton was appointed Assistant Chief of Staff (Intelligence) at Permanent Joint Headquarters in January 2005. Promoted to major-general in February 2006, he became Chief Army Instructor at the Royal College of Defence Studies on promotion. He returned to Iraq in early 2007 to lead reconciliation efforts, for which he was awarded the American Legion of Merit, First Oak Leaf Cluster. He became Assistant Chief of Defence Staff (Developments, Concepts and Doctrine) in January 2008 and was appointed Commander Force Development and Training with the rank of lieutenant general in April 2010. He left the Army in February 2012.
He is also Colonel Commandant of the Queen's Division and Honorary Colonel of 15 (UK) Psychological Operations Group.
Academia.
On 17 March 2012, Newton became the Chair in Security and Strategy Studies at the University of Exeter and Director of the University's new Strategy and Security Institute. Recently appointed a Senior Associate Fellow at RUSI, he has co-edited and contributed to ‘After the Spring: Prospects for the Arab World in 2013, UNA-UK’, published in December 2012 and wrote a chapter entitled ‘Adapt or Fail: The Challenge for the Armed Forces after Blair’s Wars’ for Professor Sir Hew Strachan's book, 'Blair’s Wars' published in June 2013.
He was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in the 2012 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="31071332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071332" title="Ed Smith (1900s pitcher)">
Ed Smith (1900s pitcher)

Rhesa Edward Smith (1879–1956) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the St. Louis Browns in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="31071353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071353" title="Vasco Esporte Clube">
Vasco Esporte Clube

Vasco Esporte Clube, commonly known as Vasco, is a Brazilian football club based in Aracaju, Sergipe state. They won the Campeonato Sergipano four times.
History.
The club was founded on August 15, 1931, as Vasco da Gama Futebol Clube, and changed to its current name in 1946. Vasco won the Campeonato Sergipano in 1944, 1948, 1953, and in 1987.
Stadium.
Vasco Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Lourival Baptista, nicknamed "Batistão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 14,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31071356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071356" title="2011 Club Bolívar season">
2011 Club Bolívar season

The 2011 season is Bolivar's 34th consecutive season in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano, and 85th year in existence as a football club. To see more news about Bolivar see Bolivar Official Website
Current squad.
"For Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano 2011"
Top Scorers.
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Disciplinary record.
Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Appearances.
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total appearances are equal.
Copa Libertadores.
First Stage
Matches
Torneo Apertura.
Standings

</doc>
<doc id="31071369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071369" title="Farès Brahimi">
Farès Brahimi

Farès Brahimi (born 22 October 1988 in Réghaïa, Algiers) is an Algerian football midfielder.
Personal.
Brahimi was born on October 22, 1988, in Réghaïa, Algiers Province. At age two, he moved with family to France. He has both Algerian and French citizenship.
Career.
Early career.
Brahimi emerged through Saint-Étienne's youth system, but made no appearances for the first team during his stint; he played regularly for the reserves, in the Championnat de France amateur. In 2007–08, Farès appeared regularly for US Cognac. In June 2008 he signed a contract with US Feurs.
Minyor Pernik.
Following a trial period in November 2010, Brahimi signed a contract with Bulgarian club Minyor Pernik on 1 February 2011. He made his A Professional Football Group debut on 27 February, as a second half substitute in a 3–0 home loss against Litex Lovech. Farès quickly became a regular in the starting eleven and scored two goals to the end of the 2010–11 season.
Montana.
On 16 January 2013, Brahimi joined Montana on free transfer for the rest of the season.
MO Béjaïa.
On 10 January 2014, Brahimi joined MO Béjaïa on free transfer for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="31071386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071386" title="Arkadi Kremer">
Arkadi Kremer

Arkadi Kremer (; also known as Aleksandr Kremer or Solomon Kremer; 1865–1935) was a Russian socialist leader known as the 'Father of the Bund' (the General Jewish Workers' Union in Lithuania, Poland and Russia. This organisation was instrumental in the development of Russian Marxism, the Jewish labour movement and Jewish nationalism.
Life.
Arkadi Kremer was born in Švenčionys in Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire (in present-day Lithuania), into a religious family. At age 12 he moved to Vilna, where he attended "Realschule" (Secondary School). Kremer subsequently studied at the St. Petersburg Technological Institute and the Riga Polytechnic. In the course of his studies, Kremer became involved in radical student politics and becae involved in the Polish Marxist organisation 'Proletariat'. He was first arrested in 1889. After some time in prison he was condemned to administrative exile and banned from St. Petersburg. He returned to Vilna in 1890, where he joined one of the earliest Marxist circles. 
In Vilna, Kremer quickly became the acknowledged leader of the Vilna Group, a circle of Jewish Social-Democrats from which the Bund subsequently emerged. He was instrumental in persuading Jewish Marxists (and Russian Social-Democrats more generally) to shift tactics from 'propaganda' to 'agitation' (i.e., from organising small clandestine study circles to fomenting a revolutionary mass movement and laying the groundwork for a mass party). Workers should be aided in their struggle for better working conditions, higher wages, etc. In the course of this struggle, they would develop a class consciousness and an understanding of the contradictions of capitalism, leading eventually to their political organisation and to the overthrow of the capitalist system. Kremer argued for this tactic in the influential pamphlet "On Agitation" ("Ob Agitatsii"), produced in 1893, together with the future Menshevik leader I.O. Martov. This was known as the 'Vilna Programme' and greatly influenced the Russian Marxist movement and young Marxists like V.I. Lenin. It also influenced the so-called 'Economist' faction, who, in contrast to Lenin and Martov, took from Kremer's pamphlet not the need to organise a workers' party but the need to concentrate on 'economic' struggles from which such a party might some day emerge. The conflict over 'Economism' was one of the first major controversies among Russian Social-Democrats and in some respects foreshadowed the Bolshevik/Menshevik split.
During his Vilna years, Kremer met and married Pati Matle Srednitskaia (or Srednicki) (1867–1943), a revolutionary activist in her own right.
At first, Kremer seems to have been inclined to favour economic over political agitation. As Jewish workers' circles proliferated in Russian, Lithuanian and Polish cities, some of Kremer's associates called for the creation of a unified Jewish Social-Democratic party. Kremer initially rejectd this idea, believing that a political prty would be the organic outcome of the workers' own economic struggle. The "doyen" of Russian Marxism, G.V. Plekhanov, was instrumental in persuading Kremer to chang his mind. The fact that Jewish workers in Russia would not be able to affiliate with international organisations such as the Second International unless they had a party seems to have weighed heavily with Kremer. Thus, in September 1897, Kremer and his comrades founded the General Jewish Workers' Union (Bund) in Vilna. Kremer was one of three members of its first Central Committee and was widely respected as the Bund's leader. The name hearkened back to Ferdinand Lassalle's General German Workers' Association (ADAV) of the 1860s, one of the forerunner organisations of the German Social-Democratic Party. At the same time, Kremer chose the name 'Bund' because it implied a looser federation than the term 'Party'. However, Kremer also maintained close contact with the wider Russian Social-Democratic movement. He placed less emphasis on Jewish cultural nationalism and autonomy than subsequent younger Bundist leaders like M.I. Liber. 
The Bund competed, on the one hand, with non-Marxist Jewish workers' groups influenced by Russian populism (such as M.A. Natanson's 'Workers' Party for the Political Liberation of Russia', RPPOR, in Minsk), and, on the other hand, with labour Zionist organisation like "Poale Zion". Although some younger Bundists were influenced by Zionism and the Bund insisted on its organisational autonomy and on Jewish cultural independence, the Bund rejected Jewish 'national separatism' and the idea of establishing a Jewish state in Palestine.
In 1898, Kremer was instrumental in bringing together various Social-Democratic groups in the Russian empire and among Russian exiles abroad to form the Russian Social-Democratic Workers' Party (RSDRP). The Bund was one of the constituent organisations of the RSDRP, and in its own view, an autonomous organisation within the RSDRP. Kremer attended the RSDRP's founding congress in Minsk and was elected to its first, short-lived Central Committee (which also comprised three members). Before long, the Committee, including Kremer, was arrested, leaving the young party in disarray. While in prison, Kremer put his technological and mathematial studies to use by developing a system of cryptography and a coding machine that came to be widely used in the Russian revolutionary movement. 
Kremer was released from prison in 1900 and went into exile to work for the Bund's Foreign Committee. He first went to Geneva, Switzerland, but was expelled and moved to London, England. In 1902, Kremer made a brief, secret journey to Russia to participate in an illegal Social-Democratic conference in Białystok as the Bund's representative. At the conference, Kremer supported cultural autonomy for Jewish workers and organisational autonomy for the Bund within the RSDRP, a position the Bund also adopted at the RSDRP's Second Congress in 1903. In 1903, the Bund's position, most forcefully argued by Liber, was rejected by both Lenin and Martov, shortly to emerge as the leaders of the Bolshevik and Menshevik factions. The Bund, finding its claim to exclusive representation of Jewish workers in the Russian empire and organisational autonomy within a federally organised RSDRP rebuffed, withdrew from the Congress and from the RSDRP. This occurred before the split between Lenin and Martov over the question of party membership conditions and left Lenin with a slight majority at the Congress.
When the Revolution of 1905 broke out in Russia, Kremer returned to St. Petersburg and became involved in the St. Petersburg soviet. He was arrested again in 1907, as the Revolution was winding down and the Tsar reasserted control. Released in 1908, Kremer withdrew from political activity, though he remained associated with the Bund. In 1912 Kremer emigrated to France, where he served the Bund as a foreign representative and "liaison" with the French Socialists. Primarily, Kremer worked as an engineer. In the bitter controversies which divided the European socialist movement with the outbreak of World War I, Kremer played a minor role, though he seems to have sided with the supporters of the "Entente". In 1921, Kremer returned to Vilna, then called Wilno in newly independent Poland. Kremer taught mathematics. He and his wife Pati remained active in the Bund. Arkadii Kremer died in 1935 and was buried with great honours by the Bundists. Pati Kremer survived until 1943. She was murdered by the Nazis when they liquidated the Wilno ghetto.

</doc>
<doc id="31071391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071391" title="San Pasqual High School">
San Pasqual High School

San Pasqual High School may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31071396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071396" title="Maidstone Borough Council election, 1999">
Maidstone Borough Council election, 1999

The 1999 Maidstone Council election took place on 6 May 1999 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent, England. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Election result.
Overall turnout in the election was 26.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="31071443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071443" title="Grundy County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Grundy County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Grundy County Courthouse, located in Grundy Center, Iowa, United States, was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first courthouse in Grundy County was built in 1857, the year after the county was organized. It was known as the “Old Cheese Box” and was the only octagon shaped courthouse in Iowa. It served as the county courthouse for forty years and was replaced by the current courthouse in 1891. The Romanesque Revival structure was designed by Kramer & Zoll. The building was built for $45,532.48. 

</doc>
<doc id="31071454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071454" title="Bidoon (stateless)">
Bidoon (stateless)

Bidoon also known as Stateless Arabs (, "bedoon al jinsiya") are stateless people from the Arabic "" (, without nationality).
Kuwait identifies the Bidoon "illegal residents". In May 2014, the Kuwaiti government discovered the true nationalities of 6,051 Bidoon, most were Saudi nationals hiding their passports. In November 2013, the Kuwaiti government discovered the true nationalities of 5,268 Bidoon, most were Saudi nationals. Kuwait's Bedoon are mostly descendants of nomadic Bedouins. It is believed most Bedoon are Saudis hiding their original passports.
During the 1980s, the Bidoon constituted between 80-90% of the Kuwaiti Army. Until 1990, the Bedoon accounted for 80% of the Kuwaiti Army. According to the U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, most of Kuwait's Bedoon are stateless refugees. 
The term "Bedoon" is used mostly in Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, and Iraq, where the stateless populations have been a problem. In Bahrain, the term "bedoon" is used to describe stateless descendants of Iranians. Although some of the bidoon are originally bedouin, the two terms have different meanings. 
Origins.
Kuwait's Bidoon are mostly descendants of nomadic Bedouins. In the 1960s to 1980s, Iraqi/Saudi Bedouins formed 80-90% of the Kuwaiti Army. 
In Bahrain, most Bidoon are descendants of Iranians. Most of Bahrain's bedoun are Muslims but some of Bahrain's bidoon are Christians. Following the invasion by Iraqi forces into Kuwait, a third of the 300,000 stateless living in Kuwait before the invasion either fled to Iraq or produced evidence showing their true citizenship (mostly Iraqi, Saudi or Syrian). In the last few years, many organizations heavily criticized Kuwait for its handling of the issue.
In 2011, Kuwaiti courts ruled that stateless people are allowed to be issued birth, marriage and death certificates. Prior to that time, bedoun were impeded in seeking education and employment by the lack of such documentation. In 1980s, the Kuwaiti government did issue some administrative documents to bedoun.
Bedoon rights.
The Kuwaiti government has recently naturalized 4,000 of the 120,000 bidoons in the country.
In Bahrain, stateless people are denied the right to hold legal residency, are not allowed the right to travel abroad, buy houses, and to hold government jobs. Recently, the Bahraini government issued regulations preventing them from sending their children to public schools and to receive free medical care. Bedouns can also get deported at any time. Since the beginning of the 1980s, the Bahraini government has deported hundreds of bedouns to Iran.
In the United Arab Emirates, stateless people cannot get a drivers license, go to school, obtain a marriage licence, receive routine health services (they will be treated at hospitals), or legally work.

</doc>
<doc id="31071456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071456" title="Erik Hanson">
Erik Hanson

Erik Hanson may refer to:
<onlyinclude>* Erik Hanson (baseball)

</doc>
<doc id="31071460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071460" title="Mauricio Rosas">
Mauricio Rosas

Mauricio Juan Rosa Noni (born April 4, 1986 in Paso de los Toros) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Central Español.

</doc>
<doc id="31071461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071461" title="San Pasqual Valley High School">
San Pasqual Valley High School

San Pasqual Valley High School (also known as San Pasqual High School) is a high school in Winterhaven, California, near Yuma, Arizona. It is the only high school in the San Pasqual Valley Unified School District. It is also the only out-of-state member of the Arizona Interscholastic Association.

</doc>
<doc id="31071462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071462" title="Lyde">
Lyde

Lyde may refer to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071488" title="Hearty magazine">
Hearty magazine

hearty (written in lower case) is a Canadian online magazine that focuses on emerging culture, fashion, music, and art. Previous features include Florence and the Machine, Rye Rye, YACHT, photographer Tim Barber, Nina Sky, Flying Lotus, Vivian Girls, producer 88-Keys, Emily Haines, and Ray Mate. 
In 2010, "hearty" collaborated with designer Jeff Staple on a sticker and singer Mayer Hawthorne on a mixtape.
"hearty" was founded in 2008 by functioning editor-in-chief, Hana May. The magazine is staffed entirely by women located in New York, Los Angeles, Vancouver, and Montreal. Content is profiled in daily news, features, personal blog posts, photos, and videos.

</doc>
<doc id="31071500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071500" title="Federal Communications Commission v. AT&amp;T Inc.">
Federal Communications Commission v. AT&amp;T Inc.

Federal Communications Commission v. AT&T Inc., , was a United States Supreme Court case on aspects of corporate personhood. It held that the exemption from Freedom of Information Act disclosure requirements for law enforcement records which "could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy" does not protect information related to corporate privacy.
Parties.
Plaintiff.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent agency of the United States government. The FCC works towards six goals in the areas of competition, the public safety, broadband, spectrum, the media, and homeland security. The FCC was created by the Communications Act of 1934 as the successor to the Federal Radio Commission and they are charged with regulating all non-federal government use of the radio spectrum which includes radio and television broadcasting and all interstate telecommunications as well as all international communications that originate or terminate in the United States
Defendant.
AT&T inc. is the largest provider of fixed telephony in the United States.
Background.
In 2004, AT&T and FCC agreed to produce an “E-Rate” program that assists schools and libraries across the US to obtain affordable telecommunications and Internet access. Later, AT&T disclosed to FCC that it might have overcharged the Government for its services. FCC started an investigation process which ended in a $500,000 settlement paid by AT&T. Many AT&T customers, represented by CompTel company, then requested FCC to make public all the pleadings and correspondences between FCC and AT&T from the investigation. AT&T, however, argued that FCC has no right to do so, referring to the Freedom of Information Act §552(b)(7)(C) which exempts records if their disclosure might lead to “an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy”. AT&T filed a case in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. On September 22, 2009, the Third Circuit released its decision favoring AT&T. The court agreed that the use of word “personal” derives from a word “person”, which legally includes corporations.
Corporate Personhood.
The case revived the debates over the corporate personhood. The question whether corporations should be treated as persons has been presented to the Supreme Court before. In the 1886 case "Santa Clara County v. Southern Pacific Railroad", 118 U.S. 394, the Supreme Court decided that corporations could be regarded as persons for the purposes of the Fourteenth Amendment.
Another Supreme Court case related to the issue is "Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission". The dispute was over whether Citizens United, a non-profit corporation, had the same right to fund political campaigns as a person. In this controversial case, the Supreme Court's 5-4 decision favored Citizen United, granting corporations, profit and non-profit, and unions the right to financially support political campaigns.
Based on these precedent cases, ATT sued to halt the disclosure of the investigation details in order to protect the corporation's "personal privacy".
Personal Privacy.
The Freedom of Information Act requires federal agencies to make records and documents publicly available upon request (subject to several statutory exemptions). It was the main component in allocations that the FCC brought against the AT&T on January 19, 2011.
§552(b)(7)(C) of FOIA states:
The different interpretations of the term “personal privacy” became the central focus point of the case. AT&T contended that its reading of “personal” was supported by the common legal usage of the word “person.” Yet while “person,” in a legal setting, often refers to artificial entities, AT&T’s effort to ascribe a corresponding legal meaning to “personal” again elided the difference between “person” and “personal.”
The Third Circuit Case.
AT&T filed a lawsuit against FCC on September 22, 2009, after the latter had rejected ATT’s position regarding the disclosure of investigation materials concluding that the corporations lacked the personal privacy rights. The court’s decision relied heavily on the plain text of the Freedom Of Information Act, which did not define a term “personal” but included corporations in the legal definition of the term “person”. In regards to FCC Vs. ATT Inc., in the case referring to the term “personal” the Third Circuit opinion states that exemption 7(C) extends to the “personal privacy” of corporations, reasoning that “personal” is the adjective form of the term “person”, which Congress has defined, as applicable here, to include corporations. Judge Chagares of the Third Circuit concluded in the court opinion:
Supreme Court Case.
Not content with the Third Circuit decision, FCC appealed in the Supreme Court. The case was argued on January 19, 2011. AT&T Inc. position remained the same, where it focused on the definition of the word “personal” being directly related to a legal meaning of a term “person”.
The court session opened with an announcement of the 8-0 decision by the Supreme Court in the NASA v. Nelson case, which was argued on October 5, 2010. The case's concerns were whether the background checks of NASA employees by the federal government violated their personal privacy. The Court's decision stated that such actions did not violate the employees' constitutional privacy rights. Even though the current FCC v. ATT Inc. case was focused on the different type of personal privacy involving corporations, the announcement set the tone of the Court's view on the privacy issues involving government interests.
Court Opinion.
In the Supreme Court’s ruling published on March 1, 2011, the definition of the term “personal” has been regarded differently. The opinion states: 
Therefore, the Third Circuit ruling was reversed by the Supreme Court’s decision.
In the Court's opinion, Chief Justice Roberts discussed several examples of how adjective and noun forms of the same word stem could have completely different meanings.
The Court's opinion ends with the following: 
Implications.
The Supreme Court’s decision struck a blow to corporate personhood and held that corporations cannot claim exempt status from Freedom of Information Act requests. The decision however is limited only to the specific exemptions under FOIA. That being said, the importance of the case on the bigger scale is that corporations lack a statute that provides personal privacy rights for them and it becomes unlikely that they will be able to get such statutory rights under state or federal statutory law.
Many conservatives see this as an effort by the left to use FOIA to control and "terrorize American businesses at will". On the other hand, businesses are expected to make a greater use of information collected from their competitors and disclosed to the public by the federal government.

</doc>
<doc id="31071502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071502" title="Battle of Shawali Kowt">
Battle of Shawali Kowt

The Battle of Shawali Kowt took place near the Arghandab River in Afghanistan during the Invasion of Afghanistan. On December 2, 2001, after a pitched street-by-street battle, the Green Berets and Afghan Freedom Fighters captured the town of Shawali Kowt, but could not gain control over a bridge over the Arghandab River, a gateway to the Taliban spiritual center of Kandahar. That night, the Taliban forces launched a major counterattack, triggering a retreat by the Afghans. Over the next eight hours, the American forces fought defended against the retreat. U.S. Air Force Sergeant Alex Yoshimoto, the combat controller, orchestrated numerous air strikes from a variety of fighters and bombers, thwarting the Taliban charge and forcing the enemy to retreat.

</doc>
<doc id="31071520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071520" title="Ikaria (regional unit)">
Ikaria (regional unit)

Ikaria () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of North Aegean. The regional unit covers the island of Ikaria and the small archipelago Fournoi Korseon, in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Ikaria was created out of part of the former Samos Prefecture. It is subdivided into 2 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Ikaria () was one of the provinces of the Samos Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31071521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071521" title="H. R. Vishwasa">
H. R. Vishwasa

Dr. H. R. Vishwasa (also written H. R. Vishwas) is a Sanskrit scholar residing in Mangalore, India. He won a Sahitya Akademi Translation Award in 2010 for translating S. L. Bhyrappa's Kannada novel "Aavarana" into Sanskrit.
He has been involved with Sanskrit revival. He was the editor of the Sanskrit monthly magazine "Sambhashana Sandesha", for five years. He is the "Akhil Bharatiya Prashikshan Pramukh" (All-India Chief of Teaching) as well as "Prakashana Pramukh" (Chief of Publishing) of the organisation Samskrita Bharati, and was on the working committee of the first World Sanskrit Book Fair, held in January 2011. He was one of the teachers in a Sanskrit-teaching series that was commissioned by the Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan and was broadcast on DD Bharati and later on Gyan Darshan. He wrote a weekly column, "Sangata", for the newspaper Hosa Digantha. He was also on the Karnataka government committee deciding Sanskrit syllabus for classes 5 to 7.
He has an M.A. in Sanskrit and a doctorate from Kuvempu University, as well as a Vidwat degree. His wife Shantala also works for Samskrita Bharati.
His translation of "Avarana" took six months and was released in November 2008. His Kannada book "Matte Hottitu Hebrew Hanate" was released by the Kannada scholar G. Venkatasubbaiah, and was briefly on the bestseller list in 2006. He also translated Bhyrappa's "Parva" into Sanskrit, which was released in 2012.
He won the Sahitya Akademi's "Bala Sahitya Puraskar" for the year 2013, for "Marjalasya Mukham Drishtam", a book of plays.

</doc>
<doc id="31071560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071560" title="Ernest Keppler">
Ernest Keppler

Ernest Keppler (April 5, 1918 – May 23, 2001) was an American, Republican politician and jurist from Wisconsin.
Born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, Keppler graduated from the University of Wisconsin and received his law degree from the University of Wisconsin Law School. Keppler served on the Sheboygan Common Council. In 1943, he served in the Wisconsin State Assembly. Keppler served in the United States Army during World War II and the Korean War. In 1961, Keppler served in the Wisconsin State Senate. In 1979, he was elected a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge, for Sheboygan County, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="31071586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071586" title="Gus Hetling">
Gus Hetling

August Julius "Gus" Hetling (November 21, 1885 – October 13, 1962) was a professional baseball player from 1904 to 1917. He appeared in two games for the Detroit Tigers in October 1906 and played 14 years of minor league baseball, including three seasons in Springfield, Missouri (1904–06), four years in Wichita, Kansas (1907–1908, 1915–1916), and four years with the Oakland Oaks in the Pacific Coast League (1911–14). After compiling more than 200 hits and a .297 batting average in 1912, he was selected as the Most Valuable Player in the Pacific Coast League.
Early years.
Hetling was born in November 1885 at St. Louis, Missouri. His father, Henry Hetling, was born in Missouri in 1856, and his mother, Bertha Hetling, was also a Missouri native born in 1865. At the time of the 1900 U.S. Census, the family lived in St. Louis, and Hetling's father was employed as a day laborer.
Baseball player.
Major leagues.
Hetling played only one day in Major League Baseball, appearing as a third baseman in both games of a double-header for the Detroit Tigers on October 6, 1906. Hetling had one hit in seven at bats for a .143 batting average. He handled five total chances with three putouts, two assists, and no errors.
Minor leagues.
Hetling spent most of his baseball career, totaling 14 years, in the minor leagues. He played for the Springfield Midgets (1904, 1906), Springfield Highlanders (1906), Wichita Jobbers (1907–08), Kansas City Blues (1909), and Spokane Indians (1910). In 1906, he had 30 doubles, 12 triples and three home runs in 140 games for Wichita. In 1908, he hit .318 in 140 games for Wichita. His .318 batting average was second best in the Western Association in 1908, and he led the league with 116 hits. Early in the 1909 season, while Hetling was playing for Kansas City in the American Association, "Sporting Life" wrote:"Gus Hetling is the real article at third. Here is the star of the flock of Blue 1909 recruits. Hetling is a finished product. He handles himself with natural ease born of ability and confidence. He wings the pill to first with unerring accuracy, although he has a peculiar motion in throwing. In the exhibition games he has been hitting as if he intends to show the A. A. pitchers a sample of the .318 batting pace he stepped in the Western Association."
He spent several years of his career in the Pacific Coast League playing for the Portland Beavers in 1910, the Oakland Oaks from 1911 to 1914, and the Vernon Tigers in 1915. He appeared in a career high 202 games with 708 at bats and a .297 batting average for the Oaks in 1912. He helped lead the Oaks to the 1912 Pacific Coast League pennant and was selected as the Most Valuable Player in the league by a vote of the league's six official scorers. He was given an automobile for winning the MVP award.
Hetling concluded his career with the Witchita Witches (1915–16) and San Antonio Bronchos (1917).
Family and later years.
In September 1918, and at the time of the 1920 and 1930 U.S. Censuses, Hetling was living in Wichita, Kansas, with his wife Rose E. (Young) Hetling. He was employed in 1918 as a salesman, in 1920 as a travelling salesman, and in 1930 in the cigar business.
Hetling died in October 1962 at Wichita, Kansas. He was buried at the Wichita Park Cemetery and Mausoleum.

</doc>
<doc id="31071595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071595" title="Llorenç">
Llorenç

Llorenç may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071606" title="Amendments to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court">
Amendments to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court

Amendments to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court must be proposed, adopted, and ratified in accordance with articles 121 and 122 of the Statute. Any state party to the Statute can propose an amendment. The prosed amendment can be adopted by a two-thirds majority vote in either a meeting of the Assembly of States Parties or a review conference called by the Assembly. An amendment comes into force for all states parties one year after it is ratified by seven-eighths of the states parties. However, any amendment to articles 5, 6, 7, or 8 of the Statute only enters into force for states parties that have ratified the amendment. A state party which ratifies an amendment to articles 5, 6, 7, or 8 is subject to that amendment one year after ratifying it, regardless of how many other states parties have also ratified it. For an article 5, 6, 7, or 8 amendment, the Statute itself is amended after the amendment comes into force for the first state party to ratify it. Amendments of a purely institutional nature enter into force six months after they are approved by a two-thirds majority vote in either a meeting of the Assembly of States Parties or a review conference.
Amendment to article 8 (2010).
Summary.
An amendment to article 8 was adopted on 10 June 2010 at the Review Conference of the Rome Statute in Kampala, Uganda. The amendment had originally been proposed by Belgium and it was forwarded to the Review Conference by the eighth session of the Assembly of States Parties.
The amendment adds to article 8(2)(e) three clauses which make it a war crime to employ chemical weapons or expanding bullets in an armed conflict not of an international character. The Rome Statute already makes the use of chemical weapons and expanding bullets a war crime in armed conflicts between countries.
States parties to the amendment.
Because the amendment is to article 8, it will come into force only for those states parties which have ratified it, one year after doing so. Thus far, 17 states parties have ratified the document. However, the Rome Statute itself was amended on 26 September 2012 after the amendment came into force for the first state party to ratify it. Since 26 September 2012, the amendment has been part of the Statute and any state that becomes a party to the Statute can choose to also be a party to the amendment.
Amendments on the crime of aggression (2010).
Summary.
Amendments on the crime of aggression were adopted on 11 June 2010 at the Review Conference of the Rome Statute in Kampala, Uganda. The amendments were proposed by Liechtenstein, which chaired the Special Working Group on the Crime of Aggression, the committee directed by the Assembly of States Parties to form a definition for the crime of aggression, which was originally absent from the Statute.
The amendments define the crime of aggression in accordance with United Nations General Assembly Resolution 3314. Acts of aggression are: invading another state; bombing another state; blockading the ports or coastlines of another state; attacking the land, sea, or air forces, or marine or sea fleets of another state; violating a status of forces agreement; using armed bands, groups, irregulars or mercenaries against another state; allowing territory to be used by another state to perpetrate an act of aggression against a third state.
While the amendments will come into force one year after being ratified, the amended text says that only crimes of aggression committed one year or more after the thirtieth ratification are within the jurisdiction of the Court. Furthermore, a decision is to be taken by the Assembly of States Parties with a two-thirds majority vote after 1 January 2017 to actually exercise jurisdiction.
While upon a United Nations Security Council referral the Prosecutor can open an investigation against the national of any state, this is not the case with state referral and "proprio motu" investigations by the Prosecutor. A state party can opt-out of these amendments, and nationals of non-states parties are not subject to the Court's jurisdiction. Additionally, the Prosecutor must wait for a determination of the Security Council regarding an act of aggression. If the Security Council determines an act of aggression has taken place, the Prosecutor may proceed. If the Security Council does not act within six months, the Prosecutor can proceed provided that a Pre-Trial Chamber approves that move. The Security Council keeps its right to defer investigations for a period of one year.
States parties to the amendments.
Thus far, 14 states parties have ratified the amendment. Per the amendments, the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court begins one year after the 30th ratification of the amendment but not before the Assembly of States Parties has approved the commencement of jurisdiction after 1 January 2017.
Proposed amendments.
A number of amendments have been proposed by states parties, but have either not been considered or adopted by the Assembly:

</doc>
<doc id="31071616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071616" title="Narayan Wagle">
Narayan Wagle

Narayan Wagle (नारायण वाग्ले) is a Nepalese journalist and novelist. He was the editor of Kantipur Daily, one of Nepal's largest circulating newspapers, until 2008, and was the editor of Nagarik News until May 18, 2012. Wagle is widely recognized for his Madan Puraskar winning book Palpasa cafe.
Bibliography.
"Palpasa Cafe" (2005).
Palpasa cafe was Wagle's first book, published in Nepali in 2005, and subsequently translated into English and Korean. It tells the story of an artist, Drishya, who goes trekking into the Nepali countryside in the midst of the Nepalese Civil War. It was a best seller and was acclaimed for bringing the realities of the Nepalese Civil War to the public in a way journalism had failed to.
"Mayur Times" (2010).
Mayur Times is Wagle's second book, published in Nepali in 2010. It also has themes dealing with the Nepalese Civil War. It is a fictional narration of how journalists are caught in the crossfire, written from the perspective of a small-town newspaper in the terai region of Nepal. Like its predecessor, Mayur Times was sold extremely well in Nepal but met mixed reviews.
Wagle has become the first Nepali novelist to have his books officially released in Kindle version. These two novels are available in ebook formats like mobi and pdf, and on Kindle as well.

</doc>
<doc id="31071631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071631" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 800 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 800 metres

The Men's 800 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 4–6 with the final being held on March 6 at 15:45 local time.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 in each heat and 2 best performers advanced to the Semifinals. The heats were held at 16:55.
Semifinals.
First 3 in each heat advanced to the Final. The heats were held at 15:40.
Final.
The final was held at 15:45.

</doc>
<doc id="31071644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071644" title="F-Origin">
F-Origin

Founded in 2005, F-Origin is a privately held US company with headquarters in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. F-Origin is the developer of zTouch™, a force-based touch technology.
Company History.
1980–1990
IBM and other companies developed force-based touch screen product concepts without market success.
2000
MyOrigo (Finland) reinvented the force-based touch screen for an advanced User Interface for their Smartphone.
2004
MyOrigo is sold to the management and restarted as F-Origin, Oy. Microcell/MyOrigo is sold to Flextronics.
2005
F-Origin Oy. files for bankruptcy and US investor purchases the bankruptcy estate.
2006(Q4)
F-Origin, Inc is formed and initially funded (Q4.2006).
2007–2008
zTouch™ is developed
2009(Q4)
F-Origin is restructured with new board of directors and ownership. First customer product with zTouch™ is industrialized by TPK.
2010
With commercially ready product, F-Origin aligns sales strategy and enters into customer acquisition phase.
Technology.
The core of an zTouch™ system are four force sensors, an op-amp for signal amplification and a micro controller unit. Not only can the overall system cost be kept very low, manufacturing is a straightforward and scalable process.
The sensors are normally placed under each corner of the touch surface, where they record force changes lower than 1 mN. The zTouch™ software contininuously records the sensor data and "quadrangulates" the touch coordinates. In order to ensure accuracy, a number of filtering, compensation and calibration functions are included in the coordinate calculation. The touch coordinates and touch forces are communicated at 200 points per second over USB or any other appropriate bus. Listed below is a number of attributes that differentiates zTouch™ from other touch technologies.
Optical Performance.
A touchscreen utilizing zTouch™ technology does not have a surface mounted film or membrane, which capacitive or resistive touchscreens do. As a result, optical performance can be improved since there is no extra layer covering the display.
Any Object Touch.
Since zTouch™ measures the force of the touch, any object can be used to register a touch. A finger, gloved finger, stylus etc. all work equally well.
Design Flexibility.
zTouch™ calculates the coordinates of the touch by measuring the sensors' registered force levels. As a result, it's quite natural that the touch surface needs to be rigid for the sensors to get accurate readings. But as long as it's rigid, the touch panel can consist of any type of material; glass, metal, plastic or stone works equally well.
3D Touch.
The zTouch™ touch panel system supports an alternative form of multi-touch. In addition to detecting the touch coordinates, the system also determines the force level of the touch. In other words, the force of the user's touch is measured and can me used as an input to applications.
This three-dimensional touch input can be applied to fixed thresholds, where a soft touch represents movement, and a force larger than the threshold represents a mouse click. Alternatively, te force input levels may also be used for smoothly variable unput controls, such as the heat setting of a cook top or the volume setting of an audio control.
Markets.
The characteristics of the zTouch™ technology makes it suitable for a number of different applications. Since the technology doesn't use any surface-mounted film or membrane, it can be made wear-resistive and hence suitable in environments where other touch technologies struggles. Examples of these are Medical systems, Appliances, POS/POI units and ATMs/Gaming machines.
Partnerships.
F-Origin has, in partnership with TPK Touch Solutions developed a 15" touch monitor with zTouch™ technology. The monitor is developed for Point of Sale terminals, where touchscreens are common.
External links.
Company website: f-origin.com

</doc>
<doc id="31071655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071655" title="Sport Club Belém">
Sport Club Belém

Sport Club Belém, commonly known as Sport Belém, is a Brazilian football club based in Belém, Pará state. They competed in the Série B twice.
History.
The club was founded on December 2, 1965. They competed in the Série B for the first time in 1971, when they were eliminated in the First Stage, and in 1986, when they were again eliminated in the First Stage.
Stadium.
Sport Club Belém play their home games at Estádio Olímpico do Pará, nicknamed "Mangueirão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 45,007 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31071657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071657" title="Gogo (Quebec music)">
Gogo (Quebec music)

Gogo was a type of francophone music that was popular in the 1960s in Quebec, Canada. It accompanied dancing that was characterised by lively, quick and irregular movements of the body and wide gestures of the arms. The words and music were often adapted from contemporary hits of pop music from the United States (with or without permission and payment of royalties to the creators or rights-holders of the original music). The dance clubs “boîtes à gogo” that catered to it gave way to discothèques when the fashion for gogo gave way to disco at the beginning of the 1970s. In 1966, the Quebec singer Michèle Richard recorded a song titled "Les Boîtes à Gogo", whose accompanying 16mm Scopitone film illustrates both the dance style and the atmosphere in these clubs.
One of the subplots of the 2010 Canadian film "Funkytown" involves how the rise of disco in Montreal ended the fashion for gogo and the careers of gogo singers. (Duchesne, 2011) 

</doc>
<doc id="31071668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071668" title="Brilliant! Tragic!">
Brilliant! Tragic!

Brilliant! Tragic! is the fourth studio album by Art Brut, released on 23 May 2011. The first single from the album will be "Lost Weekend". The album was recorded in Salem, Oregon and is the second to be produced by Frank Black, best known as the frontman of Pixies. To accompany the album, Art Brut have compiled a comic book version of "Brilliant! Tragic!" to be released at the same time.
The tracklisting and release details were confirmed in early March 2011.
Art Brut frontman Eddie Argos has already described "Brilliant! Tragic!" as his "favourite" Art Brut album, saying that it was definitely their "greatest" album so far. "Bang Bang Rock & Roll did what it said on the tin", Argos explained, ""It's A Bit Complicated" was a bit complicated. On "Art Brut vs. Satan" we had to fight Satan. This one follows the same pattern, it is a 'brilliant, tragic', record. If it was a TV show you'd define it as a dramedy." 
On the subject matter for the album, Argos has said; "This time the album is more about how I think I’m psychic, songs for my funeral, the principality of Sealand and Axl Rose. Weightier topics I think. I’m also sexier now" He also comments on the band's current musical direction, stating that "with the last album we'd just remembered we were a punk band again so it was all four to the floor rock out. This time there are a few songs to let you catch your breath so when we do rock the fuck out again it hits home harder." 
Writing and recording.
Describing the writing and recording of the album, Argos said, "with the last album we met up every couple of months and wrote three or four songs. This time we got together in the second half of the year and wrote whenever we could 2 or 3 times a week. We had more time in the studio this time too (about a week more) so Black Francis had time to teach me how to sing. I'm very proud that I sing on it. Only took four albums to start singing, not bad." Although Argos has said that it "feels good to find out my voice is an instrument", he found the process of learning to sing somewhat "scary". "The first song we did, we recorded all the music, and then Frank was like “Everybody go home, I’m talking to Eddie,” and I was like “Oh no, what’s he going to do to me?” It was a bit scary. We went in and spent hours really, getting me to sing. Once we sort of conquered that one—and he showed me that I could sing—it was a confidence boost. I’ve always been a bit scared of singing. It’s funny, him (Frank Black) teaching me how to sing on the record. We’d play the song through, and he’d sing it, and then we’d do it again, and I’d sing. We’d either do it as a duet, or I’d copy him. If we’d just recorded him singing it and not me, we could have had a secret bonus album, but we didn’t do that. But what a brilliant person to have teach you how to sing, you know, Black Francis from the Pixies. Yeah, it’s pretty awesome". 
Argos was not the only Art Brut member singing for the first time on this album. Bassist Freddy Feedback also debuts her vocal skills, singing backing vocals for the first time. "Frank Black was saying how nice it would be if there was a female backing vocals", Argos says. "Freddy can be quite shy. She likes to be in the back, really. The plan is now to get her to do it live. I think she sounds quite lovely. When I heard her on the record, it was amazing. Maybe she should be the singer, I’ll write the words. That’s what we should probably do".
Reception.
The band aired the new material at several shows before the album's release, including the 10th birthday party of Islington's Buffalo Bar. The new material was described as "more adventurous" and "more varied than on previous albums", and was generally "well received", despite the fact that the audience was "not familiar with any of the material." One critic went so far as to say that "‘Brilliant! Tragic!’ may very well be the best Art Brut album yet" while another says that the song boasts "some of the best swearing you'll ever hear!" 
In the music press, the album received generally positive reviews. Writing for the May 2011 issue of "Uncut" magazine, for example, Stephen Dalton compared Argos' songwriting to that of Jarvis Cocker, Ian Dury, Mark E. Smith and Luke Haines, awarding the album a favourable 4/5. "Mojo" also awarded the album 4/5, praising Argos' improved "angsty bellow". In their 7/10 review of the album, Drowned In Sound said that while "the record is still unmistakably Art Brut, there’s also much more progression and experimentation than we’ve seen from the band before", comparing "Is Dog Eared" to "PiL-era John Lydon". Alternative Press also compared Argos to the former Sex Pistols frontman in their review, saying that "Argos has channeled his inner Johnny Rotten, seemingly vacillating between contempt and boredom. Fortunately, the band play with a similar sense of toughened rawness". "Rolling Stone" awarded the album 3/5, but called it the group's "sturdiest album to date" NME awarded the album an average 6/10. Despite finding something "strangely self-conscious" about the album, the reviewer concluded by saying that she still loves them, despite their "eccentric faults".
Song information.
On the track "Axl Rose", Argos has said that "I think GnR are a great band. I think if you got into an argument with someone, you’d want Axl in your corner. He’s a good guy to have on your side. You know, you don’t want Rivers Cuomo defending you. Axl Rose is the guy who will stand up for you. It’s funny, I was recording the song with Frank Black, and he's going, “you know, if there’s one thing you can say about Axl, it’s that he tells people to fuck off!” It was pretty amazing having a conversation with Black Francis about Axl Rose" 
The album track "Axl Rose" marks the second time that Argos has written about the volatile Guns N' Roses frontman. The first was his 'Open Letter To Axl Rose', first published in Artrocker magazine, in which he says that, while he is a fan of Rose's work and that Guns N' Roses "have some of the world’s greatest songs in their arsenal", he feels that Axl "needs to address his punctuality and perhaps trim down the band's current lineup". It was written in response to the Axl's controversial Reading Festival performance the previous year.
In their review of the album, Consequence Of Sound noted that Axl Rose "is a fitting tribute to the Guns N’ Roses vocalist; mindless lyrics about checking out his middle finger and beating the world to the punch. It’s a little silly, a little dumb, and heavy on the riffage… which is to say, it’s a lot like Axl Rose".
"Brilliant! Tragic!" comic.
To accompany the album, Art Brut compiled a comic book version of Brilliant! Tragic! to be released simultaneously. The Brilliant! Tragic! comic book features artwork by a range of artists, including Akira The Don, Bryan Lee O'Malley, Hope Larson, Jamie McKelvie, Jeffrey Brown, Jeffrey Lewis, Let's Be Friends Again, Marc Ellerby, Mr Solo, Sian Superman and Patrick McQuade. Argos was "over the moon and incredibly flattered that these artists took time out to work" on the comic. 
Argos says, "When we first had the idea of creating an Art Brut comic I compiled a list of all my favourite artists and then handed the list to our manager (as I am far too shy to approach those people). I thought only one or two would say yes. I was completely blown away when they all did and then flattered they would take the time to create something for us. As I had chosen all my favourite artists and writers for the project I was expecting to be blown away by every new submission, it went beyond even that though. I love what has been created and I recommend that you go out and collect everything by everyone who has contributed to this comic". 
A lifelong comic book enthusiast, Argos' passion for comic books has already crossed over into Art Brut's music and art work, with Art Brut vs Satan's DC Comics & Chocolate Milkshake referencing the legendary publishers of Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Justice League and Green Lantern. The same album also had artwork designed by acclaimed graphic novelist Jeff Lemire. In 2010, Argos unveiled his comic book themed side project named "Spoiler Alert", whose three track EP featured songs inspired by DC Comics characters Batman, Booster Gold and Blue Beetle. He also writes an online comic book review for "Playback" called "Pow To The People".
"I can remember the first comic I ever read" Argos said, "it was the Beano, the day I had my tonsils out. I was given it as a treat as I couldn't eat anything. It might have been the only time I've turned down Ice Cream, it blew my tiny 6 year old mind. I loved comic books growing up but always had a fear they might be something I would have to give up as an adult. Then one day somebody, I still don't know who, put some Batman comics through our letter box. These blew my tiny 11 year old mind. They were pretty full on, nothing at all like the Adam West goofing around show I had seen Saturday morning television. In these stories people were being murdered, they were political, and morally ambiguous. If my mum had known how different they were from the Saturday morning kids show she would have taken them off of me. I loved them though and realised then that they were something that would stay with me into adult life and have spent all my money on comics ever since".
Bad Comedian.
Jeffrey Lewis's Bad Comedian strip focused on the Joker acting out the lyrics to the song, with his drunken resentment aimed at Watchmen character, The Comedian. The strip ends with the Joker hurling his nemesis through a window, parodying the opening of Watchmen.
Artist Patrick McQuade, who worked on the comic book, described the experience as "very cool" and said, "I had total creative freedom to do whatever I wanted. I chose the album's final song "Sealand". It was a blast to do!" 
Track listing.
An additional track, "Unprofessional Wrestling" was recorded in the same sessions, and not included on the album, but leaked to the internet in advance of the album's release.

</doc>
<doc id="31071682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071682" title="Michael Crotta">
Michael Crotta

Michael John Crotta (born September 25, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher with the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters of Nippon Professional Baseball. He has also played for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball.
Personal.
He is the son of Buddy Crotta and Tammy Crotta.
High School and College.
Crotta attended Martin County High School in Stuart, Florida. He was drafted in the 47th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft by the Philadelphia Phillies, however he opted to attend Florida Atlantic University. In the summer of 2005, he played for the Bourne Braves of the Cape Cod Baseball League. He was next drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 17th round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft, beginning his professional career that year.
Professional Baseball Career.
Crotta was assigned to Short-Season Williamsport, where he appeared in 11 games before earning a promotion to Single-A Hickory. In 15 games (11 starts) in 2006, he went 2-5 with a 4.87 ERA, striking out 35 in 61 innings. Crotta played 2007 with the Crawdads, but he also made one spot start with Double-A Altoona. In 27 games (26 starts) in 2007, he went 10-6 with a 4.50 ERA, striking out 74 in 140 innings. Crotta played all of 2008 with High-A Lynchburg, where in a league-leading 28 starts, he went 9-10 with a 4.67 ERA, striking out 97 in 146.1 innings while giving up a league-leading 171 hits. Crotta played in the Arizona Fall League with Scottsdale, where in 12 games, he went 1-1 with a 4.76 ERA, striking out 14 in 17 innings. Crotta pitched 2009 with Altoona, where in 27 starts, he went 7-8 with a 4.76 ERA, striking out 97 in 143.2 innings. Crotta was Altoona's Opening Day starter in 2010, where he made 4 starts before earning a promotion to Triple-A Indianapolis, where he made 24 more starts. In 28 starts in 2010, he went 7-10 with a 4.42 ERA, striking out 105 in 156.2 innings. 
In 2011, Crotta made the Pirates' 25-man roster coming out of Spring Training. He made his Major League debut on April 3, 2011 against the Chicago Cubs coming into relief in the 7th inning. He retired all three batters he faced, recording one strike-out. On May 11, Crotta was placed on the disabled list with elbow inflammation. After making 4 rehab appearances (1 in Altoona and 3 in Indianapolis), Crotta was officially optioned to Indianapolis. On July 17, Crotta was placed on the disabled list in Indianapolis, and he didn't pitch for the rest of the season. In 15 games with Pittsburgh, he went 0-1 with a 9.28 ERA and 2 holds, striking out 7 in 10.2 innings.
On July 31, Crotta was designated for assignment to make room on the 40-man roster for recently acquired Derrek Lee and Ryan Ludwick. The club released him on August 8. He signed a minor league contract with Pittsburgh on August 11. In April 2012, Crotta had surgery, sidelining him for all of 2012. After the season, he became a minor league free agent.
On February 13, 2013, Crotta signed a minor league deal with the Washington Nationals. Crotta played 2013 with Triple-A Syracuse, where in 51 games (3rd in league), he went 6-7 with a 3.57 ERA and 29 games finished (9th in league), striking out 44 in 58 innings.
On November 12, 2013, Crotta signed a two-year, $1 million deal with the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters of the Pacific League of Nippon Professional Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="31071699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071699" title="Invasion of Badr">
Invasion of Badr

The Invasion of Badr, was the 3rd time Muhammad led an expedition in Badr. It took place in Sha‘ban 4 A.H i.e. in January, 626 AD, or March 625 AD according to William Muir.
A year after the Battle of Uhud, it was time for Muslims to meet the polytheists and start war again in order to determine which of the two parties was worthy of survival, according to Muslim scholar "Saifur Rahman al Mubarakpuri".
The invasion helped the Muslims regain their military reputation, their dignity and managed to impose their presence over the whole of Arabia after the defeat at the Battle of Uhud. Quran 3:173-176 was reportedly divinely revealed to Muhammad during this event. The event and information about the verses is mentioned in the Sahih Bukhari hadith collection.
Background.
According to William Muir, the 2 opposing forces were to meet again at Badr, and that year there was a great drought, Abu Sufyan the leader of the Meccan forces did not want to fight that season, and wished to defer the fighting to another more plentiful season. So Abu Sufyan told a man named Nuam from a neutral tribe to give an exaggerated account of the Meccan forces to deter Muhammad. The exaggerted report of Nuam scared some of the Muslims and there was a disinclination to fight. Muhammad rejected this cowardly spirit and declared an oath that he would go to Badr, even if he went alone. Those bold words inspired such confidence that he was able to collect a force double what he had ever done before.
Invasion.
According to the Sealed Nectar, Muhammad set out to Badr accompanied by 1500 fighters and 10 mounted horsemen, and with ‘Ali bin Abi Talib as standard bearer. ‘Abdullah bin Rawahah was given authority over Madinah during Muhammad's absence. Reaching Badr, the Muslims stayed there waiting for the idolaters to come.
Abu Sufyan’s forces comprised 2000 footmen and 50 horsemen. They reached Mar Az-Zahran, some distance from Makkah, and camped at a water place called Mijannah. Being reluctant, discouraged and extremely terrified of the consequences of the approaching fight, Abu Sufyan turned to his people and began to introduce cowardice-based flimsy pretexts in order to dissuade his men from going to war, saying:
His army were also possessed of the same fears and apprehensions, for they readily obeyed him without the least hesitation.
The Muslims, who were then at Badr, stayed for 8 days waiting for their enemy. They took advantage of their stay by selling goods and earning double as much the price out of it. When the idolaters declined to fight, the balance of powers shifted to rest in favour of the Muslims, who thus regained their military reputation, their dignity and managed to impose their presence over the whole of Arabia.
Names of Invasion.
This invasion had many names. It is called ‘Badr the Appointment’, ‘Badr, the Second’, ‘Badr, the Latter’, and ‘Badr Minor’.
Islamic primary sources.
Quran 3:173-176.
Quran 3:173-176 was reportedly divinely revealed to Muhammad during this event. It states:
The commentary of Ibn Abbas on verse 3:173 is as follows:
Biographical literature.
This event is mentioned in Ibn Hisham's biography of Muhammad. The Muslim jurist Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya also mentions the event in his biography of Muhammad, Zad al-Ma'ad. Among the modern secondary sources which mention this, include the award winning book, The Sealed Nectar.
Hadith literature.
According to Ibn Kathir, the Sunni Muslim scholar Muhammad al-Bukhari recorded details about verse 3:173.
Muhammad al-Bukhari mentioned in his hadith collection Sahih Bukhari:

</doc>
<doc id="31071739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071739" title="2004–05 Birmingham City F.C. season">
2004–05 Birmingham City F.C. season

The 2004–05 season was Birmingham City Football Club's 102nd season in the English football league system, their third season in the Premier League and their 53rd in the top tier of English football. It ran from 1 July 2004 to 30 June 2005. Under the management of former Birmingham City player Steve Bruce, the team finished in 12th place, two places lower than the season before. They reached the fourth round of the FA Cup and the third round of the League Cup. The top scorer for the season was England forward Emile Heskey with eleven goals in all competitions, of which ten were scored in the League.
Premier League.
Season review.
August.
Birmingham opened the season with an away trip to Portsmouth. Steve Bruce was able to name four new signings, Emile Heskey, Mario Melchiot Muzzy Izzet and Jesper Gronkjaer, in the first team, with Julian Gray on the bench. A quick paced game fired into life in the tenth minute as Damien Johnson was fouled just outside the Portsmouth box, and Robbie Savage stepped up to curl the free kick into the top corner of Shaka Hislop's goal. Only five minutes later Portsmouth were level, after Steve Stone was pushed in the area, and a penalty was awarded. Defender David Unsworth made no mistake as he sent keeper Maik Taylor the wrong way. There was chances for both teams to take the points at Fratton Park, but none were taken and the team left the south coast with a creditable 1–1 draw.
Big spending Chelsea were next up at St Andrew's, where Birmingham put in an impressive performance, but lost out to a second half Joe Cole goal. The first half saw chances spurned at both ends, with Chelsea striker Didier Drogba missing perhaps the easiest chance of the half, but it was Birmingham who were doing to pressing towards the end of the first half, and almost took the lead through both Emile Heskey and Julian Gray chances. On the 68th minute Chelsea took the lead, as Cole was given to much time in the Blues half, and he raced forward before beating Taylor at his near post. Cole had only come off the bench five minutes before his goal.
The first mid-week fixture of the season saw Manchester City come to St Andrew's. An eighth-minute goal from Emile Heskey was enough to snatch the points, and Birmingham ended a run of 11 Premier League games without victory. Australian Stan Lazaridis managed to find room on the left to cross the ball into Heskey who finished with a powerful header from . Manchester City dominated large parts of the game, but the Birmingham defence stayed strong to secure their first three points of the season.
After a bright start at White Hart Lane against Tottenham Hotspur, the team found themselves pinned into their own half as Tottenham started to dominate the play. The only goal of the game was scored in the 34th minute as Jermain Defoe managed to turn Kenny Cunningham, before cutting inside Matthew Upson and hitting an unstoppable shot from the edge of the area.
September.
Deadline day signing Dwight Yorke made his debut at the Riverside Stadium as Birmingham took on Middlesbrough but could not prevent Mark Viduka taking the points. In the 27th minute, Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink found Viduka, who controlled the ball and slotted it past Taylor. Birmingham equalised in the 42nd minute, as Heskey flicked the ball on to Forssell, who returned the ball for Heskey to smash home after a neat run into the area. Just after half time, Viduka got his second of the game. After a poor clearance from a Middlesbrough corner, Boudewijn Zenden got a cross into the area, which was flicked on by Gareth Southgate for Viduka to score from close range.
Yorke had more luck in Birmingham's next game, against Charlton Athletic. A weak cross from Jonatan Johansson was fumbled by Taylor, and Luke Young pounced to give Charlton the lead in the 49th minute. This got worse in the 57th minute, as Damien Johnson was sent off for a second booking after upending Johansson on the halfway line. Manager Steve Bruce decided to act, and in the 61st minute, be brought on Yorke and David Dunn, who was making his first start of the season after injury. Seven minutes later, an Izzet corner was met with a bullet header from Yorke, that left Dean Kiely no chance, and level the game.
Birmingham's next game was against Bolton Wanderers at the Reebok Stadium. A free kick by Iván Campo was cleared poorly by Upson, and the ball fell to Radhi Jaidi who controlled the ball before volleying past Taylor to give Bolton the lead. A better start to the second half saw Birmingham bounce back as Gronkjaer found room in the area before flicking the ball inside for Izzet to hit a first time shot in off the bar.
League Cup.
Birmingham lost in the second round of the 2003–04 League Cup to Blackpool of Division Two.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="31071742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071742" title="Anna Kachikho">
Anna Kachikho

Anna Andrew Namathanga Kachikho (b. 17 April 1955) is a politician who has held various cabinet positions in the government of Malawi.
Anna Kachikho was born on 17 April 1955 in Mkoko village in Phalombe, southern Malawi. 
She obtained a certificate in secretarial studies from the Malawi Polytechnic and a BA Degree in Human Resources Development from Mobile University, Canada.
She held various senior positions in the Agricultural Development and Marketing Corporation.
She rose to become the Organizations Administrative Manager.
Starting in 1988, Kachikho became active in Women’s Groups in the Malawi Congress Party. 
From 2000 to 2004, Kachikho was a Ward Councilor for Limbe East and Deputy Mayor of the Blantyre City Assembly.
Kachikho was elected a Member of Parliament for the Phalombe North constituency in 2004.
She was appointed Deputy Minister of Education and Human Resources. In August 2005, she was appointed Minister of Home Affairs and Internal Security. Later positions were Minister of Education and Vocational Training (June 2006), Labor (May 2007) and Women and Child Development (February 2008). 
Kachikho was reelected in the 19 May 2009 General Elections.
She was appointed Minister of Tourism, Wildife on 15 June 2009 and Minister of Local Government and Rural Development on 9 August 2010.
Kachikho is a widow, and has three children.
She owns a farm where she grows maize and tobacco.

</doc>
<doc id="31071748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071748" title="Yoshinaga">
Yoshinaga

Yoshinaga is both a Japanese surname and a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="31071768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071768" title="Matranga">
Matranga

Matranga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071797" title="Red Shea">
Red Shea

Patrick Henry "Red" Shea (November 29, 1898 – November 17, 1981) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics, and and with the New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="31071805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071805" title="Hancock County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Hancock County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Hancock County Courthouse, located in Garner, Iowa, United States, was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Truman Seymor from New York donated the land for the first county seat in Hancock County. The place was named Concord and two small buildings were built on the site in 1865 for $2,000. Within two years the buildings became too small and a new courthouse was built for $10,000 in 1868. The city of Garner annexed Concord in the 1890s. Britt attempted to have the county seat relocated there. Garner, however, retained the designation after a group of businessmen decided to buy a new site, build a courthouse there and donate it to the county. Citizens on the east side of the county contributed $25,000 towards the new building. F.W. Kinney designed the new building and Gross Construction built the structure, which was completed in 1899. 

</doc>
<doc id="31071816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071816" title="Geoprofessions">
Geoprofessions

Geoprofessions is a term coined by ASFE/The Geoprofessional Business Association to connote various technical disciplines that involve engineering, earth and environmental services applied to below-ground (“subsurface”), ground-surface, and ground-surface-connected conditions, structures, or formations. The principal disciplines include, as major categories:
Each discipline involves specialties, many of which are recognized through professional designations that governments and societies or associations confer based upon a person’s education, training, experience, and educational accomplishments. In the United States, engineers must be licensed in the state or territory where they practice engineering. Most states license geologists and several license environmental “site professionals.” Several states license engineering geologists and recognize geotechnical engineering through a geotechnical-engineering titling act.
Geotechnical-engineering specialties.
Although geotechnical engineering is applied for a variety of purposes, it is essential to foundation design. As such, geotechnical engineering is applicable to every existing or new structure on the planet; every building and every highway, bridge, tunnel, harbor, airport, water line, reservoir, or other public work. Commonly, the geotechnical-engineering service comprises a study of subsurface conditions using various sampling, in-situ testing, and/or other site-characterization techniques. The instrument of professional service in those cases typically is a report through which geotechnical engineers relate the information they have been retained to provide, typically: their findings; their opinions about subsurface materials and conditions; their judgment about how the subsurface materials and conditions assumed to exist probably will behave when subjected to loads or used as building material; and their preliminary recommendations for materials usage or appropriate foundation systems, the latter based on their knowledge of a structure’s size, shape, weight, etc., and the subsurface/structure interactions likely to occur. Civil engineers, structural engineers, and architects, feasibly among other members of the project team, apply the geotechnical findings and preliminary recommendations to take the structure’s design forward. They realize these preliminary recommendations are subject to change, however, because – as a matter of practical necessity related to the observational method inherent to geotechnical engineering – geotechnical engineers base their recommendations on the composition of samples taken from a tiny portion of a site whose actual subsurface conditions are unknowable before excavation, because they are hidden by earth and/or rock and/or water. For this reason, as a key component of a complete geotechnical engineering service, geotechnical engineers employ construction-materials engineering and testing (CoMET) to observe subsurface materials as they are exposed through excavation. To help achieve economies on their clients’ behalf, geotechnical engineers assign their field representatives – specially educated and trained paraprofessionals – to observe the excavated materials and the excavations themselves in light of conditions the geotechnical engineers opined to exist. When differences are discovered, the geotechnical engineers evaluate the new findings and, when necessary, modify their design and construction recommendations. Because such changes could require other members of the design and construction team to modify their designs, specifications, and proposed methods, many owners have their geotechnical engineers serve as active members of the project team from project inception to conclusion, working with others to help ensure appropriate application of geotechnical information and judgments. 
In other cases, geotechnical engineering goes beyond a study and construction recommendations to include design of soil and rock structures. The most common of these are the pavements that make up our streets and highways, airport runways, and bridge and tunnel decks, among other paved improvements. Geotechnical engineers design the pavements in terms of the subgrade, subbase, and base layers of materials to be used, and the thickness and composition of each. Geotechnical engineers also design the earth-retention walls associated with structures such as levees, earthen dams, reservoirs, and landfills. In other cases, the design is applied to contain earth, via structures such as excavation-support systems and retaining walls. Sometimes referred to as geostructural engineering or geostructural design, these services are also intrinsic to hydraulic engineering, hydrogeologic engineering, coastal engineering, geologic engineering and water-resources engineering. Geotechnical-engineering design is also applied for structures such as tunnels, bridges, dams, and other structures beneath, on, or connected to the surface of the earth. Geotechnical engineering, like geology, engineering geology, and geologic engineering, also involves the specialties of rock mechanics and soil mechanics, and often requires knowledge of geotextiles and geosynthetics, as well as an array of instrumentation and monitoring equipment, to help ensure specified conditions are achieved and maintained.
Earthquake engineering and landslide detection, remediation, and prevention are geoprofessional services associated with specialized types of geotechnical engineering (as well as geophysics; see below), as is forensic geotechnical engineering, a geoprofessional service applied to determine why a certain applicable type of event – usually a failure of some sort – occurred. (Virtually all geoprofessional services can be performed for forensic purposes, commonly as litigation-support/expert witness services.) Railway-systems engineering is another type of specialized geotechnical engineering, as are the design of piers and bulkheads, drydocks, on-shore and off-shore wind-turbine systems, and systems that stabilize oil platforms and other marine structures to the sea floor. 
Geotechnical engineers have long been involved in sustainability initiatives, including (among many others) the use of excavated materials; the safe application of contaminated subsurface materials; the recycling of asphalt, concrete, and building rubble and debris; and the design of permeable pavements. 
All civil-engineering specialties and projects – roads and highways, bridges, rail systems, ports and other waterfront structures, airport terminals, etc. – require the involvement of geotechnical engineers and engineering, meaning that many civil-engineering pursuits are geoprofessional pursuits to a greater or lesser degree. However, geotechnical engineering has for centuries also been associated with military engineering; sappers (in general) and miners (whose tunneling design services (known as landmining and undermining) were used in military-siege operations).
Engineering geology and other geology specialties.
Engineering geologist.
(a) Elements of the engineering geologist specialty. 
The practice of engineering geology involves the interpretation, evaluation, analysis, and application of geological information and data to civil works. Geotechnical soil and rock units are designated, characterized, and classified, using standard engineering soil and rock classification systems. Relationships are interpreted between landform development, current and past geologic processes, ground and surface water, and the strength characteristics of soil and rock. Processes evaluated include both surficial processes (for example, slope, fluvial, and coastal processes), and deep-seated processes (for example, volcanic activity and seismicity). Geotechnical zones or domains are designated based on soil and rock strength characteristics, common landforms, related geologic processes, or other pertinent factors. Proposed developmental modifications are evaluated and, where appropriate, analyzed to predict potential or likely changes in types and rates of surficial geologic processes. Proposed modifications may include such things as vegetation removal, using various types of earth materials in construction, applying loads to shallow or deep foundations, constructing cut or fill slopes and other grading, and modifying ground and surface water flow. The effects of surficial and deep-seated geologic processes are evaluated and analyzed to predict their potential effect on public health, public safety, land use, or proposed development.
(b) Typical engineering geologic applications and types of projects. Engineering geology is applied during all project phases, from conception through planning, design, construction, maintenance, and, in some cases, reclamation and closure. Planning-level engineering geologic work is commonly conducted in response to forest practice regulations, critical areas ordinances, and the State Environmental Policy Act. Typical planning-level engineering geologic applications include timber harvest planning, proposed location of residential and commercial developments and other buildings and facilities, and alternative route selection for roads, rail lines, trails, and utilities. Site-specific engineering geologic applications include cuts, fills, and tunnels for roads, trails, railroads, and utility lines; foundations for bridges and other drainage structures, retaining walls and shoring, dams, buildings, water towers, slope, channel and shoreline stabilization facilities, fish ladders and hatcheries, ski lifts and other structures; landings for logging and other work platforms; airport landing strips; rock bolt systems; blasting; and other major earthwork projects such as for aggregate sources and landfills.
While engineering geology is applicable principally to planning, design and construction activities, other specialties of geology are applied in a variety of geoprofessional specialty fields, such as mining geology, petroleum geology, and environmental geology. Note that mining geology and mining engineering are different geoprofessional fields.
Geological engineering.
Geological engineering is a hybrid discipline that comprises elements of civil engineering, mining engineering, petroleum engineering, and earth sciences. Geological engineers often become licensed as both engineers and geologists. There are thirteen geological-engineering (or geoengineering) programs in the United States that are accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission (EAC) of ABET: (1) Colorado School of Mines, (2) Michigan Technological University, (3) Missouri University of Science and Technology, (4) Montana Tech of the University of Montana, (5) South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, (6) University of Alaska-Fairbanks, (7) University of Minnesota Twin Cities, (8) University of Mississippi, (9) University of Nevada-Reno, (10) University of North Dakota, (11) University of Texas at Austin, (12) University of Utah, and (13) University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Other schools offer programs or classes in geological engineering, including the University of Arizona.
Geophysics.
Geophysics is the study of the physical properties of the earth using quantitative physical methods to determine what lies beneath the earth's surface. The physical properties of concern include the propagation of elastic waves (seismic), magnetism, gravity, electrical resistivity/conductivity, and electromagnetism. Geophysics has historically been most commonly used in oil exploration and mining, but its popularity in non-destructive investigative work has flourished since the early 1990s. It is also used in groundwater exploration and protection, geo-hazard studies (e.g., faults and landslides), alignment studies (e.g., proposed roadway, underground utilities, and pipelines), foundation studies, contamination characterization and remediation, landfill investigations, unexploded-ordnance investigations, vibration monitoring, dam-safety evaluation, location of underground storage tanks, identification of subsurface voids, and assisting in archeological investigations. (definition from Association of Environmental & Engineering Geologists)
Environmental-science and environmental-engineering specialties.
Environmental science and environmental engineering are the geoprofessions commonly associated with the identification, remediation, and prevention of environmental contamination. These services range from phase-one and phase-two environmental site-assessments – research designed to assess the likelihood that a property is contaminated and subsurface exploration conducted to identify the nature and extent of contamination, respectively – up through the design of processes and systems to remediate contaminated sites for the protection of human health and the environment.
Environmental geology is one of the principal geoprofessions engaged in assessing and remediating contaminated sites. Environmental geologists help identify the subsurface stratigraphy in which contaminants are located and through which they migrate. Environmental chemistry is the geoprofession that encompasses the study of chemical compounds in the soil. These compounds are categorized as pollutants or contaminants when introduced into the environment by human factors (e.g., waste, mining processes, radioactive release) and are not of natural origin. Environmental chemistry assesses interactions or these compounds with soil, rock, and water to determine their fate and transport, the techniques to measure the levels of contaminants in the environment, and technologies to destroy or reduce the toxicity of contaminants in wastes or compounds that have been released to the environment. Environmental engineering is often applied to assess contaminated sites, but more often is used in the design of systems to remediate contaminated soil and groundwater.
Hydrogeology is the geoprofession involved when environmental studies involve subsurface water. Hydrogeology applications range from securing safe, plentiful underground drinking-water sources to identifying the nature of groundwater contamination in order to facilitate remediation. Environmental toxicology is a geoprofession when used to identify the source, fate, transformation, effects, and risks of pollutants on the environment, including soil, water, and air. Wetlands science is a geoprofessional pursuit that incorporates several scientific disciplines, such as botany, biology, and limnology. It involves, among other activities, the delineation, conservation, restoration, and preservation of wetlands. These services are sometimes conducted by geoprofessional specialists called wetlands scientists. Ecology is a closely related environmental geoprofession involving studies into the distribution of organisms and biodiversity within an environmental context.
Numerous geoprofessional disciplines contribute to the redevelopment of brownfields, sites (typically urban) that are underused or abandoned because they are or are assumed to be contaminated by hazardous materials. Geoprofessionals are engaged to evaluate the degree to which such sites are contaminated and the steps that can be taken to achieve the sites’ safe reuse. Environmental engineers and scientists work with developers to identify and design remediation strategies and exposure-barrier designs that protect future site users from unacceptable exposure to environmental contamination resulting from previous uses of the site. Because these previous uses often resulted in degraded soil conditions and the presence of abandoned, underground structures, geotechnical engineers often are needed to design special foundations for the new structures.
Construction-materials engineering and testing (CoMET).
Construction-materials engineering and testing (CoMET) comprises an array of licensed-engineer-directed professional services applied principally for purposes of construction quality assurance and quality control. CoMET services commonly are provided as a separate discipline by firms that also practice geotechnical engineering, possibly among other geoprofessional disciplines. The geoprofessional-service industry has evolved in this manner because geotechnical engineering employs the observational method. Karl von Terzaghi and Ralph B. Peck – the creators of modern geotechnical engineering – used the observational method and multiple working hypotheses to expedite and economize the subsurface-exploration process, by using sampling and testing to form a judgment about subsurface conditions, and then observing excavated conditions and materials to confirm or modify those judgments and related recommendations, and then finalize them. To economize still further, geoprofessionals educated and trained paraprofessionals to represent them on site (hence the term “field representative”), especially to apply their judgment (much as a geotechnical engineer would) in comparing observed conditions with those the geotechnical engineer believed would exist. Over time, geotechnical engineers expanded their CoMET services by providing the additional education and training their field representatives needed to evaluate constructors’ attainment of conditions commonly specified by geoprofessionals; e.g., subsurface preparation for foundations of buildings, roadways, and other structures; materials used for subgrade, subbase, and base purposes; site grading; construction of earthen structures (earth dams, levees, reservoirs, landfills, et al.) and earth-retaining structures (e.g., retaining walls); and so on. Because many of the materials involved, such as concrete, are used in other elements of construction projects and structures, geoprofessional firms expanded their field representatives’ skill sets still more, to encompass observation and testing of numerous additional materials (e.g., reinforced concrete, structural steel, masonry, wood, and fireproofing), processes (e.g., cutting and filling and rebar placement), and outcomes (e.g., the effectiveness of welds). Laboratory services are a common element of many CoMET operations. Also operating under the direction of a licensed engineer, they are applied in geotechnical engineering to evaluate subsurface-material samples. In overall CoMET operations, laboratories operate with the equipment and personnel required to evaluate a variety of construction materials. 
CoMET services applied to evaluate the actual composition of a site’s subsurface are part of a complete geotechnical engineering service. For purposes of short-term economy, however, some owners select a firm not associated with the geotechnical engineer of record to provide these and all other CoMET services. This approach precludes the geotechnical engineer of record from providing a complete service. It also aggravates risk, because the individuals engaged to evaluate actual subsurface conditions are not “briefed” by the geotechnical engineer of record before they go to the project site and seldom communicate with the geotechnical engineer of record when they discern differences, in large part because the firm associated with the geotechnical engineer of record is regarded as a competitor of the firm employing the field representatives. In some cases, the field representatives in question lack the specific project background information and/or the education and training required to discern those differences. 
CoMET services applied to evaluate constructor’s attainment of specified conditions take the form of quality-assurance (QA) or quality-control (QC) services. QA services are performed directly or indirectly for the owner. The owner specifies the nature and extent of QA services that the owner believes is appropriate. Some owners specify none at all or only those that may be required by law. Those required by law are imposed via a jurisdiction’s building code. Almost all U.S. jurisdictions base their building codes on “model codes” developed by associations of building officials. The International Code Council (ICC) is the most prominent of these groups and its International Building Code (IBC) is the most commonly used model. As a result, many jurisdictions now require IBC “Special Inspection,” a term defined by the IBC as “the required examination of the materials, installation, fabrication, erection, or placement of components and connections requiring special expertise to ensure compliance with approved construction documents and referenced standards.” Special Inspection requirements vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction based on the provisions adopted by the local building official. While some of the services involved may be similar to or the same as conventional CoMET services, Special Inspection is handled differently. Most commonly, the owner or the owner’s agent is required to retain a building-official-approved Special Inspection-services provider. Special Inspection is often required to obtain a certificate of occupancy. 
QC services are those applied by or on behalf of a constructor to ensure the constructor has attained conditions the constructor has contractually agreed to attain. Most CoMET consultants are engaged far more to provide QA services than QC services. 
Many CoMET procedures are specified in standards developed by standards-developing organizations (SDOs) such as the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE), ASTM International, and American Concrete Institute (ACI), using standards-development protocols approved by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) and/or the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). All such standards identify what is minimally required to conform. Likewise, several organizations have developed programs to accredit CoMET field and laboratory services to perform certain types of testing and inspection. Some of these programs are more comprehensive than others; e.g., requiring regular calibration of equipment, participation in proficiency testing programs, and implementation and documentation of a (quality) mamagement system to demonstrate technical competence. As with all such programs, of course, accreditation identifies what is least acceptable. Many CoMET laboratories go far beyond minimum requirements in an effort to attain higher levels of quality.
A variety of organizations – including local building departments – have developed personnel-certification protocols and requirements. In many jurisdictions, only appropriately certified individuals are permitted to perform certain evaluations. Individuals typically are required to meet certain prerequisites for certification and must pass examinations, in some cases involving performance observation in the field. The prerequisite for higher degrees of certification often include a requirement that the individual has met requirements for a lower degree of certification (e.g., Soils Technician I is in some cases a prerequisite for Soils Technician II). It should be noted that field representatives are sometimes referred to as “soil testers,” “technicians,” “technicians/technologists,” or “engineering technicians.” ASFE/The Geoprofessional Business Association developed the term “field representative” to encompass all the many types of paraprofessionals involved (e.g., those involved with specific types of materials, such as reinforced concrete, soil, or steel; those who observe or inspect processes or conditions, such as welding inspectors, caisson inspectors, and foundation inspectors), and especially to underscore their significant, mutual responsibility, that purpose titles such as “technician” fail to signify. In fact, the engineers who direct CoMET operations are personally and professionally responsible and liable for their field representatives’ acts and statements while representing the engineer on site. 
Especially because CoMET consultants have more hands-on experience with construction activities than many other design-team members, many owners involve them (among other geoprofessionals) from the outset of a project, during the design phase, to help the owner and/or design team members develop technical specifications and establish testing and inspection requirements, instrumentation requirements and procedures, and observation programs. Geotechnical engineers employ CoMET services during the earliest stages of a project, to oversee subsurface sampling procedures, such as drilling.
Many of the CoMET services performed for construction projects are performed for environmental projects as well, but requirements tend to be less rigid because they involve fewer licensing and related requirements. For example, individuals may perform federally mandated all-appropriate inquiries – typically a phase-one environmental site assessment – without a license of any kind.
Other geoprofessional services.
To the extent that archeology and paleontology require systematic subsurface excavation to recover artifacts, they, too, are considered geoprofessions. Many geoprofessional-services firms offer these services to those of their clients that need to satisfy federal and/or state regulations that require paleontological and/or archeological inquiry before site development or redevelopment activities can proceed.

</doc>
<doc id="31071819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071819" title="Mary Bird (medical missionary)">
Mary Bird (medical missionary)

Mary Rebecca Stewart Bird (1859–1914) was a London Church Mission Society (CMS) missionary who pioneered Christian ministry to Iranian women and women’s medical missions in the CMS.
Although she had received no official medical training, Bird was the first female medical missionary to be employed by the CMS and is most well known for her medical work in Iran which was widely popular despite strong resistance shown by Muslim authorities. Born in a weakened state, Bird died in 1914 at the age of fifty-five leaving behind a vibrant medical ministry in Iran.
Family.
Mary Bird was born into a family filled with Christian bishops, clergy, politicians, travellers, explorers, and philanthropists. Mary Bird’s father—Charles Robinson Bird (1819–1886)—was the rector of the English village Castle Eden, her grandfather—Robert Merttins Bird (1788–1853)—was the head of the Revenue Department of the North West Provinces of India, and Isabella Bird—the intrepid woman traveller, writer, and explorer—was the cousin of Mary Bird’s father. William Wilberforce (1759–1833), John Bird Sumner (1780–1862), Archbishop of Canterbury, and his brother Charles Richard Sumner (1790–1874), Bishop of Winchester, are also remotely related to Bird.
Early life.
Mary Bird was the fifth child of a family of six. She was so small when she was born that she was nicknamed "Tiny" by her siblings. When she was five years old, a missionary guest of her father’s told her stories of Africa, inspiring her to pledge her life to Christian missions.
She worked closely with her father Charles at the Anglican Castle Eden Rectory until his death in 1886. Later she "refused an offer of marriage from one for whom she had the greatest affection, as she had already offered to go abroad and was convinced that her life-work lay in some foreign land, then unknown to her, and that a life of comparative ease in England was not for her".
In 1891, Bird was accepted by the CMS to travel to Iran and work there as a missionary pioneering women’s ministry among the Persians. Before she left, Bird prepared by studying for a few months at "The Willows", a training college for women workers in Stoke Newington, England.
Career.
The CMS.
The London Church Mission Society had established itself in Iran in 1869 but the only women present at that time were married. While married women still provided valuable ministry, in the nineteenth century it increasingly became recognized that single women could also provide unique ministry advantages—such as greater time to be able to devote to working with and evangelizing indigenous women. CMS ministry to specifically women in Iran did not develop in full until Bird was contacted to pursue this area of missions.
Medical Missions.
Bird arrived in Iran with “Miss Stubbs” who was to head up a school for girls. When Bird arrived in 1891, there were only four other CMS missionaries in Iran. In 1894 missionary Dr. Donald Carr had taken over medical work from Dr. E. F. Hoernle who had begun working in Julfa with the CMS in 1879. By the time Bird arrived in 1891, however, the mission had been without a medical missionary for some time.
Bird relates in her book "Persian Women and Their Creed" that for the first several months of her stay in Iran she devoted herself to learning the Persian and Arabic languages. After this, she attempted to build relationships with Persian women but was for the most part rejected by the community. When she used her limited first aid skills to cure a small boy of malaria, however, she quickly grew fame as a doctor. In England, she had been considered too weak to work in medicine but Bird saw it as her duty to provide what medical care she could even though she had received no formal training. Bird had medical books sent from England and spent many hours in study to improve her skills. Qualified doctors and nurses after observing Bird’s work commended her medical abilities. One doctor commented, “If she had made medicine her profession, she would have been in the front rank of women doctors. She worked with me . . . and I had the very greatest admiration for her work as a ‘doctor.’” Medical work provided a strategic base for evangelism and Bird opened a small dispensary in Isfahan in 1894.
Bird most often worked alone but took every opportunity to work with foreign doctors. In 1897 Dr. Emmeline Stuart took over Bird’s work in Isfahan leaving Bird free to open dispensaries in Yezd and then in Kerman. In the last three and a half years of Bird’s time in Iran, ten doctors and six nurses had taken over her work in Isfahan, Yezd, and Kerman. Bird appreciated this because it gave her greater time for teaching and evangelizing.
Opposition.
Throughout her missionary work, Bird experienced inconsistent opposition from Muslim authorities. Her primary concern in Iran was to evangelize the Persians and she included this in her medical work by praying with her patients, speaking to them about the Christian faith, and conducting Bible studies and meetings. Bird’s foreign religious evangelization combined with her popularity created tension between the CMS and the local Muslim mullahs—authorities of Islamic law—who often forbade their people from going to Bird for treatment. Bird often wrote of “spies” sent by the mullahs who would infiltrate her Bible studies and report back to their superiors or who would sit outside her dispensary and warn away patients. At one point, the wife of a mullah even attempted to poison Bird over tea.
Bird’s ministry and work remained busy in spite of persecution, however. To a large degree many ignored the prohibitions set out by the mullahs. Since women were forbidden and unwilling to visit a foreign male doctor and the medical needs were so great, many continued to visit Bird when they felt that the mullah’s spies were not watching. Bird writes of receiving one hundred and two patients, men and women, in one morning alone. Further, the bans on seeing Bird actually advertised her dispensaries, and, when the mullahs withdrew their bans, many more patients flocked to see her.
Widespread persecution broke out again in 1897 but this time against converts as well as the CMS missionaries. Despite this, the CMS medical ministry grew—in part because the Iranians valued the medical and educational services missionaries offered.
Final Years.
Mary Bird left her work in Julfa and Isfahan in 1897, traveling back to England on a furlough and spoke of her work in Iran throughout England and Canada, inspiring many. She returned to Persia in 1899 and spent five years continuing her medical and teaching ministries in Yezd and Kerman. When her younger sister married in 1904 and could no longer care for their ailing mother, Bird travelled to Liverpool, England, to take her sister’s place. During her eight year stay there, Bird effectively advocated missions. Bird moved back to Iran in 1911 after her mother’s death and resumed her work. After another four years of missionary service, Mary Bird died on August 16, 1914 from typhoid fever.
Writing.
Besides her constant written communication with her family, friends, and the CMS headquarters in England, Bird wrote a book in 1899, "Persian Women and Their Creed", which outlines some of the CMS missionary work among Iranian women and children, Bird’s observations of the Iranian culture, and some personal accounts of medical work and converts. She wrote it in order to raise awareness in England of “the spiritual needs of Persian women.” 

</doc>
<doc id="31071822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071822" title="Battle of Sayyd Alma Kalay">
Battle of Sayyd Alma Kalay

The Battle of Sayyd Alma Kalay was a battle set near the Arghandab River in Afghanistan in the War on Terror. The US and Afghans won against the Taliban insurgents and invaded Kandahar, a vital Taliban spiritual center.
Battle.
The day following previous combat at the Battle of Shawali Kowt, as the Afghans scaled to the top of a ridge overlooking the Taliban-controlled town of Sayyd Alma Kalay, they were hit by machine gun fire and RPGs. The Afghans began retreating, so Captain Jason Amerine and his men charged up the hill and fired down on the enemy. The Americans' actions spurred the Afghans to rejoin the fight. Despite being exposed to intense fire, Sgt. Alan Yoshida, the air-combat controller, advanced toward the hilltop and directed airstrikes that wiped out three Taliban positions. Amerine's team finally drove off the Taliban and took control of the town and bridge while Hamid Karzai's men held the ridge. As combat eased, the leaders from the army's Third Battalion headquarters arrived by helicopter on 5 December to give Amerine and his men a break. For the first time in weeks, they received care packages and letters from home. After this the Taliban planned to formally surrender Kandahar Province.

</doc>
<doc id="31071842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071842" title="Pigg">
Pigg

Pigg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071862" title="Moor Road (Leeds) railway station">
Moor Road (Leeds) railway station

Moor Road railway station is on the Middleton Railway in West Yorkshire, England. 
History.
The station is the principal station on the railway. It is situated on Moor Road. The station was constructed at a new position in 2006 as a replacement for an earlier station built close by. The station adjoins the headquarters of the railway which contains an Engine House Museum, Shop, Toilets, Workshop and Conference Room.
Information.
Moor Road is located next to the Tulip Retail Park. The site consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="31071887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071887" title="House of Zhu">
House of Zhu

House of Zhu, also known as House of Chu (Pinyin: Zhu; Wade–Giles: Chu; Chinese: 朱), was the imperial family of the Ming Empire. "Zhu" was the family name of the emperors of the Ming dynasty. The House of Zhu ruled China from 1368 until the fall of the Ming dynasty in 1644, followed by the rule as the Southern Ming dynasty until 1662.
Family history.
The founder.
The founder is Hongwu Emperor (Chinese: 洪武帝; Wade–Giles: Hung-wu Ti; 21 October 1328 – 24 June 1398), known variably by his given name Zhu Yuanzhang (Chinese: 朱元璋; Wade–Giles: Chu Yuan-chang) and by his temple name Taizu of Ming (Chinese: 明太祖; literally "Great Ancestor of Ming"), was the founder and first emperor of the Ming dynasty of China. His era name, Hongwu, means "vastly martial".
In the middle of the 14th century, with famine, plagues and peasant revolts sweeping across China, Zhu became a leader of an army that conquered China, ending the government of the Mongol Yuan dynasty, and forcing the Mongols to retreat to the Mongolian Gobi. With his seizure of the Yuan capital (present-day Beijing), he claimed the Mandate of Heaven and established the Ming dynasty in 1368. Ming dynasty's mission was to drive away the Mongols and to restore Han Chinese rules in China.
Under Hongwu's rule, the Mongol bureaucrats who dominated the government in the Yuan dynasty's time were replaced by Han Chinese officials. Hongwu revamped the traditional Confucian examination system. Mongol-related things, including garments and names, were discontinued from use and boycotted. There were also attacks on palaces and administrative buildings previously used by the Yuan rulers.
Rise of power.
Hongwu's grandson Zhu Yunwen (Wade–Giles: Chu Yunwen) assumed the throne as the Jianwen Emperor (1398–1402) after Hongwu's death in 1398. In a prelude to a three-year-long civil war beginning in 1399, Jianwen became engaged in a political showdown with his uncle Zhu Di (Wade–Giles: Chu Ti, Traditional Chinese: 朱棣; Simplified Chinese: 朱棣), the Prince of Yan, later the Yongle Emperor (Traditional Chinese: 永樂; Simplified Chinese: 永乐; pinyin: Yǒnglè; Wade–Giles: Yung-lo; ). Jianwen was aware of the ambitions of his princely uncles, establishing measures to limit their authority. The militant Zhu Di, given charge over the area encompassing Beijing to watch the Mongols on the frontier, was the most feared of these princes. After Jianwen arrested many of Zhu Di's associates, Zhu Di plotted a rebellion. Under the guise of rescuing the young Jianwen from corrupting officials, Zhu Di personally led forces in the revolt; the palace in Nanjing was burned to the ground, along with Zhu Di's nephew Jianwen, his wife, mother, and courtiers. Zhu Di assumed the throne as the Yongle Emperor (1402–1424); his reign is universally viewed by scholars as a "second founding" of the Ming dynasty since he reversed many of his father's policies.
After the coronation, Yongle decided to move China's capital from Nanjing (literally Southern Capital) to Beijing (literally Northern Capital). According to a popular legend, the capital was moved when the emperor's advisers brought the emperor to the hills surrounding Nanjing and pointed out the emperor's palace showing the vulnerability of the palace to artillery attack.
Yongle also ordered to build a massive network of structures in new capital Beijing in which government offices, officials, and the imperial family itself resided. After a painfully long construction time, the Forbidden City was finally completed and became the political capital of China for the next 500 years.
Decline.
The financial drain of the Imjin War in Korea against the Japanese was one of the many problems—fiscal or other—facing Ming China during the reign of the Wanli Emperor (r. 1572–1620). In the beginning of his reign, Wanli surrounded himself with able advisors and made a conscientious effort to handle state affairs. His Grand Secretary Zhang Juzheng (in office from 1572 to 1582) built up an effective network of alliances with senior officials. However, there was no one after Zhang Juzheng was as excellent as him in maintaining the stability of these official alliances; these officials soon banded together in opposing political factions. Over time Wanli grew tired and frustrated about the court affairs and frequent political quarreling amongst his ministers, and choosing to stay behind the walls of the Forbidden City and out of his officials' sight.
Officials aggravated Wanli about which of his sons should succeed to the throne; he also grew equally disgusted with senior advisors constantly bickering about how to manage the state. There were rising factions at court and across the intellectual sphere of China stemming from the philosophical debate for or against the teaching of Wang Yangming (1472–1529), the latter of whom rejected some of the orthodox views of Neo-Confucianism. Annoyed by all of this, Wanli began neglecting his duties, remaining absent from court audiences to discuss politics, lost interest in studying the Confucian Classics, refused to read petitions and other state papers, and stopped filling the recurrent vacancies of vital upper level administrative posts. Scholar-officials lost prominence in administration as eunuchs became intermediaries between the aloof emperor and his officials; any senior official who wanted to discuss state matters had to persuade powerful eunuchs with a bribe simply to have his demands or message relayed to the emperor.
The fall of the empire.
In the early 1630s, A peasant soldier named Li Zicheng (1606–45) mutinied with his fellow soldiers in western Shaanxi. Li's rebel forces retaliated the government by killing the officials, and led a rebellion based in Rongyang, central Henan province by 1635. By the 1640s, an ex-soldier and rival to Li—Zhang Xianzhong (1606–47)—had created a firm rebel base in Chengdu, Sichuan, while Li's center of power was in Hubei with extended influence over Shaanxi and Henan.
Meanwhile, after years' tremendous supporting Korean Royal Family during the Imjin War against Japanese warlord Hideyoshi, the Chinese military and finance, which had not gotten fully recovered, were forced to go into the new battles. Exhausted, Unpaid and unfed, the army was struggling hard between the Manchu raiders from the north and huge peasant revolts in the provinces. Eventually, the troops fell apart, and was defeated by Li Zicheng—now self-styled as the Prince of Shun—and took the capital without much of a fight. On May 26, 1644, Beijing fell to a rebel army led by Li Zicheng; during the turmoil, rather than facing capture and probable execution at the hands of the rebel—Li Zicheng, Chongzhen arranged a feast and gathered all members of the imperial household aside from his sons. Using his sword, he killed all of them there. All people died except his second daughter, Princess Chang Ping, whose attempt to resist the sword blow resulted in her left arm being severed by her father. Then, Chongzhen Emperor (the last Ming emperor) went to Jingshan Hill, and hanged himself with the hair covering his face on a tree in the imperial garden outside the Forbidden City.
After Ming.
Since the fall of the Ming Empire and Manchurian's cruel hunting down and killing, a number of members of the family have changed their surnames to Zhou (Wade–Giles: Chou; Chinese: 周), Wang (Chinese: 王), Gao (Chinese: 高), Guang (Chinese: 廣), Dong (Traditional Chinese: 東; Simplified Chinese: 东), Zhang (Wade–Giles: Chang; Traditional Chinese: 張; Simplified Chinese: 张), Zhuang (Wade–Giles: Chuang; Traditional Chinese: 莊; Simplified Chinese: 庄), and Yan (Traditional Chinese: 嚴; Simplified Chinese: 严). Some of them changed their family names back to Zhu after the collapse of Qing, during the era of Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="31071907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071907" title="Tibiscum">
Tibiscum

Tibiscum ("Tibisco", "Tibiscus", "Tibiskon") was a Dacian town mentioned by Ptolemy, later a Roman castra and municipium. The ruins of the ancient settlement are located in Jupa, Caraş-Severin County, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="31071909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071909" title="Tengiz Ugrekhelidze">
Tengiz Ugrekhelidze

Tengiz Ugrekhelidze (born 29 July 1981) is a footballer who plays as a defender for Armenian Premier League side Ulisses.
Club career.
Ugrekhelidze joined Ukrainian Premier League side FC Nyva Ternopil in 2001. He left for Georgian league side FC Torpedo Kutaisi in 2004.
Ugrekhelidze has played for the Georgia national football team at various junior levels.

</doc>
<doc id="31071928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071928" title="Black and White (1932 film)">
Black and White (1932 film)

Black and White is a 1932 Soviet animated short film directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Leonid Amalrik.
Themes.
The film addresses issues of racism in the Jim Crow American South. Themes of racial injustice, racial violence, working-class solidarity dominate the film. It depicts black men working in a field, walking in chains, sitting behind bars, and being executed in an electric chair. In most scenes, a white authority figure is seen whipping or guarding the men. The last image of the film is Vladimir Lenin's last name. The soundtrack of the film is the traditional Negro spiritual entitled "Sometimes I Feel like a Motherless Child".
Aesthetic approach.
Stylistically the animated short, like many other European animated films, places emphasis the communication of ideas and messages; a direct contrast to the style favored by Disney, which sought to "create relatable characters with expressive personalities and attitudes." 
Walt Disney's reaction.
According to Amid Amid, author of "Cartoon Modern: Style and Design in Fifties Animation," wrote: "Black and White" "generated a lot of enthusiasm amongst the studio's graphically oriented artists," however, Walt Disney, upon seeing the film, stated that he was unimpressed.
Possible connections to the Black Left.
Mezhrabpom, the film studio that produced "Black and White" had worked closely with a group of African American intellectuals, including Langston Hughes, prior to the animated short's release. The film intended by Hughes and company, and the Mezhrabpom studio would have consisted of live actors rather than animation. However, a falling out occurred between the black cast and Mezhrabpom. Jack El-Hai, in "Black and Red and White" summarizes Hughes disappointed with the script: "The morning after he read the script, Hughes returned to the Mezhrabpom officials to tell them that the scenario was absurdly plotted and "so mistakenly conceived that it was beyond revision." The film "Black and White" was scrapped, and less than one year after the African American artists, actors, and intellectuals had returned to the United States the animated short, "Black and White", was released.

</doc>
<doc id="31071935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071935" title="Edgewater Cemetery">
Edgewater Cemetery

The Edgewater Cemetery (also known as Vreeland Cemetery) is a cemetery in the Bergen County, New Jersey community of Edgewater.
Site.
The 1.6-acre cemetery has its entrance on River Road nearby the near the Hudson River and the Hudson River Waterfront Walkway. It is nestled between private residences and buildings that were once part of Alcoa Edgewater Works, an Alcoa aluminum processing plant, at the foot of the Hudson Palisades.
Burials.
The cemetery holds the graves of local heroes from the American Revolutionary War through Spanish-American War. Many members of the Vreeland family where buried there in the 18th and 19th centuries. Two slaves also are buried there, as is Go-Won-Go Mohawk, an Indian princess and actress who married a former Indian fighter and settled in Edgewater, where she died in 1924. The last burial in took place in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="31071947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071947" title="AVQ">
AVQ

AVQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071956" title="Chirag (disambiguation)">
Chirag (disambiguation)

Chirag may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31071961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071961" title="Clube Ferroviário do Recife">
Clube Ferroviário do Recife

Clube Ferroviário do Recife, commonly known as Ferroviário do Recife, is a Brazilian football club based in Recife, Pernambuco state. They competed in the Série B twice.
History.
The club was founded on March 17, 1928. They competed in the Série B in 1971, when they were eliminated n the First Stage, and in 1972, when they were again eliminated in the First Stage of the competition.
Stadium.
Clube Ferroviário do Recife play their home games at Estádio Jefferson de Freitas, nicknamed "Jaboatão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31071970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31071970" title="John Adair (cricketer)">
John Adair (cricketer)

John Frederick Adair (20 January 1852 – 1 April 1913) was an Irish physicist and cricketer who played first class cricket for Cambridge University in 1875.
Adair was born at St Stephen's Green, Dublin, the son of John Adair, lawyer of Dublin. He studied at Trinity College, Dublin being scholar in 1871 and being awarded BA in 1873. He played cricket for his university between 1870 and 1874. In 1874 he was admitted at Pembroke College, Cambridge and while at Cambridge played one cricket match for Cambridge University and one against the University for an England XI led by WG Grace. He was a scholar at Cambridge and was awarded BA (7th Wrangler) at Cambridge in1878. He was an assistant master at Derby School from 1877 to 1879 and in that time played one cricket match for Derbyshire against their Colts. He also played for I Zingari. He became a Fellow of Pembroke College, and in 1881 was admitted to Inner Temple. In 1883 played cricket for Ireland.
Adair played 2 innings in two first class matches with an average of 31.00 and a top score of 17. He was an occasional wicket-keeper. 
Adair went to Australia where he was a physics demonstrator at the University of Sydney and was later professor.
Adair died at Ballsbridge, County Dublin, Ireland at the age of 61.

</doc>
<doc id="31072012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072012" title="Liu (disambiguation)">
Liu (disambiguation)

Liu is a Chinese surname.
Liu or LIU may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31072016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072016" title="List of Catholic schools in New Zealand">
List of Catholic schools in New Zealand

This is a list of the schools and colleges run by, or in association with, the Roman Catholic Church in New Zealand (including one private traditionalist Roman Catholic school)

</doc>
<doc id="31072021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072021" title="Thomas Sword Good">
Thomas Sword Good

Thomas Sword Good (1789–1872) was an English painter, known for genre works.
Life.
Good was born at Berwick-upon-Tweed, 4 December 1789, and spent most of his life there. He was brought up as a house-painter, but in course of time began to execute portrait. From this he passed to genre painting, and between 1820 and 1834 exhibited at the principal London exhibitions. He stopped painting in the mid-1830s. 
He died in his house on the Quay Walls of his native town, 15 April 1872. Little is known of his life, but he visited London and David Wilkie, to whose school he belongs.
Works.
To the Royal Academy he sent in 1820 'A Scotch Shepherd;' 'in 1821 'Music' and 'A Man with a Hare;' in 1822 (the year in which Wilkie's 'Chelsea Pensioners' was exhibited) 'Two Old Men (still living) who fought at the Battle of Minden,' later in the possession of Frederick Locker-Lampson. To the same year belongs 'An Old Northumbrian Piper.' In 1823 he exhibited 'Practice' (probably the barber's apprentice shaving a sheep's head, engraved in mezzotint by W. Morrison); 1824, 'Rummaging an Old Wardrobe;' 1825, 'Girl and Boy' and 'Smugglers Resting;' 1826, 'A Study of Figures;' 1827, 'Fishermen;' 1828, 'Interior, with Figures;' 1829, 'Coast Scene, with Fishermen' and 'Idlers;' 1830, 'The Truant' and 'Merry Cottagers;' 1831, 'Medicine:' 1832, 'Coast Scene, with a Fisherman' (acquired by the National Gallery); and 1833, 'The Industrious Mother.' Besides these, he sent forty-three pictures to the British Institution and two to the Suffolk Street Gallery, making a total of sixty-four works up to 1834.
Two works ('No News' and 'Study of a Boy') were bequeathed to the National Gallery in 1874 by the painter's widow, Mary Evans Good, to whom he had been married in 1839. There are also several examples of Good's art in the Fitzwilliam Museum at Cambridge, and there was a portrait of the artist's friend Thomas Bewick in the Museum of the Newcastle Natural History Society. Good's works were collected by J. W. Barnes of Durham: oils, water-colours, drawings, and etchings, including a self-portrait of the artist by himself.

</doc>
<doc id="31072027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072027" title="Mashorey">
Mashorey

Mashōṟêy () or Marjān or Wāzah Khwāh (and variations thereof) is a village in Paktika Province, in southeastern-central Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31072030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072030" title="Yahya Kheyl">
Yahya Kheyl

Yaḩyá Khēl (, variants: Yaḩyākhēl, Yaḩyā Kheyl, Ya Khel, Yakh’yakheyl’, Yeḩyākhēl) is a village in Paktika Province, in southeastern-central Afghanistan

</doc>
<doc id="31072039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072039" title="Zarghun Shar, Paktika">
Zarghun Shar, Paktika

Zarghun Shar (), or Zarghun Shahr, Katawaz (), or Khayr Kot (), is a town in and administrative seat of Zarghun Shar District, Paktika Province, in eastern Afghanistan.
In the 1970s Zarghun Shar was a town of some 5,000 people, but that population decreased during the years of fighting after the Soviet invasion and the Afghan civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="31072053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072053" title="Heimkveld Kunst">
Heimkveld Kunst

Heimkveld Kunst is an Ambient music band, founded in the late of 2005 by C.-04
Group development.
At the beginning, Heimkveld Kunst starts Dark Ambient and Experimental music, influenced by Black Metal, Dark Ambient and Symphonic Metal bands. Born in 2005, it's only in 2006 that first songs are create. They've got a bad audio quality, so C.-04 keep them secret, he just shows track-list on the web. After several months, Heimkveld Kunst stop doing Dark Ambient music and begin to make more Ambient songs, more relaxing, influenced by dreams and illusions...

</doc>
<doc id="31072064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072064" title="Streatorland">
Streatorland

Streatorland is an informal name given to the geographic area in North Central Illinois that is centered geographically, politically, culturally, and economically, around the city of Streator. It consists of areas in southern LaSalle County and northwestern Livingston. It can be more broadly defined as the area east of Interstate 39, west of Interstate 55, and south of the Illinois River. Depending on the source, the panhandle of LaSalle County can be considered a part of Streatorland. There are several small towns that lie in the Streatorland area and filter into the Streator school district, though there are other schools in the area.
It is a mostly agricultural region with a little manufacturing centered in Streator. Some consider this region very economically isolated, mostly due to its lack of interstate highways. There are very few land features, other than the Vermilion River, which runs from south to north in the central part of the region. 
Cities and Towns

</doc>
<doc id="31072109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072109" title="List of Washington state work releases">
List of Washington state work releases

This is a list of state work releases in Washington housing adult inmates administered by the Washington State Department of Corrections (WADOC).
Overview.
The Department currently has 15 work release facilities. All but one of these facilities is operated by contractors, who manage the daily safety and security and have oversight of the facilities full-time (24-hours a day, 7-days per week). Department staff are located on-site to assist in supervision, monitoring, and case management of the offenders and monitoring of the contracts.
Offenders housed in work release facilities have progressed from full confinement to partial confinement, and are required to seek, secure and maintain employment in the community, and contribute to their cost of room and board. This model is designed to ensure offenders have employment and housing plans when they are released to communities.

</doc>
<doc id="31072110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072110" title="Thomas Goode">
Thomas Goode

Thomas Goode may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31072114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072114" title="AWH">
AWH

AWH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31072118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072118" title="Thomas Good (disambiguation)">
Thomas Good (disambiguation)

Thomas Good
Thomas Good is the name of:
Thomas Sword Good

</doc>
<doc id="31072120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072120" title="Āb Bārīk">
Āb Bārīk

Āb Bārīk (Arabic: , also called Āo Barik, Avbarik, Aw Bārīk, Awbāṟīk) is a village in Ghor Province, in central Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31072121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072121" title="Erçetin">
Erçetin

Erçetin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31072124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072124" title="Maureen Corrigan">
Maureen Corrigan

Maureen Corrigan is an American journalist, author and literary critic. She writes for the "Book World" section of "The Washington Post", and is a book critic on the NPR radio program "Fresh Air". In 2005, she published a literary memoir, "Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books".
Life and work.
Corrigan holds a B.A. from Fordham University as well as an M.A. and Ph.D from the University of Pennsylvania and is Critic in Residence and a lecturer in English at Georgetown University. Her specialist subjects include 19th-century British literature, women's literature (with a special focus on autobiographies), popular culture, detective fiction, contemporary American literature, and Anglo-Irish literature. Corrigan is a member of the advisory panel of "The American Heritage Dictionary" and an Advisor to the National Endowment of the Arts "Big Read" project. 
Corrigan has been a book critic for NPR on the Peabody Award-winning "Fresh Air" radio program for almost two decades. She is a reviewer and columnist for the "Book World" section of "The Washington Post", and essays and reviews written by her have appeared in publications such as "The Village Voice", "The New York Times", "The Nation", "The New York Observer", "Salon" and "The Philadelphia Inquirer". 
Along with Robin Winks, she was an associate editor of and contributor to "Mystery & Suspense Fiction" (Scribner, 1999), a work which won the Edgar Award for Criticism from Mystery Writers of America in 1999.
"Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading".
Corrigan has written a literary memoir, "Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books", first published in 2005, which reviews the books that most influenced her personally, belonging in the main to three non-canonical genres – female extreme-adventure tales (narratives recounting "private tests of endurance" in women's lives), hard-boiled detective novels, and Catholic-martyr narratives. The main focus of the book however is on the first, extreme adventure tales, and Corrigan makes the observation that narratives themed around female suffering are today breaking with a millennia-old tradition. Where women used to suffer in silence, all the while plotting under a surface of stillness – like Penelope in Homer's "Odyssey", who has to put up for years with unwanted suitors – in more recent narratives women begin to act: they talk back, and fight.

</doc>
<doc id="31072137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072137" title="Francis Gehon">
Francis Gehon

Francis Gehon (1797 – April 2, 1849) was an American politician from Iowa.
Born in Tennessee, Gehon settled in Peru, Iowa, where he managed a store. Gehon served as a United States Marshal and served in the Iowa Militia.
In 1839, Gehon was elected the delegate from Iowa Territory to the United States House of Representatives, but never took office. The United States Congress extended the term of William W. Chapman to bring the term of office in line with the rest of the United States House of Representatives. In 1843, Gehon was elected to the Iowa Territorial Council and in 1844, he was elected to the first Iowa Constitutional Convention of 1844.

</doc>
<doc id="31072161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072161" title="BMW 116">
BMW 116

The BMW 116 was a piston aircraft engine derveloped by BMW in the 1930s. Development work stopped in 1937. The BMW 116 engine was initially known as the BMW XII.

</doc>
<doc id="31072175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072175" title="Ghost (Swedish band)">
Ghost (Swedish band)

Ghost (known as Ghost B.C. in the United States) is a Swedish heavy metal band that was formed in Linköping in 2008. In 2010, they released a 3-track demo followed by a 7" vinyl titled "Elizabeth", and later their debut full-length album "Opus Eponymous". The Grammis-nominated album was widely praised and increased their popularity significantly. Their second album and major label debut "Infestissumam" was released in 2013, debuted at number one in Sweden, and won the Grammis Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Album.
Ghost are easily recognizable because of their eccentric on-stage presence. Five of the group's six members wear hooded robes and the vocalist appears wearing skull make-up and dressed as a Roman Catholic pope. The band's members keep their identities secret and their names have not been publicly disclosed; the vocalist calls himself Papa Emeritus and the musicians are referred to only as Nameless Ghouls.
History.
Formation and "Opus Eponymous".
A Nameless Ghoul said that Ghost formed in 2006, when the members were in another band together and he played a riff that would become "Stand By Him" to them. He said, "I said that this is probably the most heavy metal riff that has ever existed.", "When the chorus came to me, it haunted my dreams. Every time I picked up the guitar, I ended up playing that progression, and when I fit the words in, it seemed to cry out for a Satanically-oriented lyric." 
After choosing the name Ghost, the band decided to use their love of horror films and "the traditions of Scandinavian metal" in the band's imagery. A Nameless Ghoul said, "Everything started with a bunch of songs. We knew very early that to make this material work we needed to fulfill our dream of putting a horror show together with music." In 2010, the band produced a three-track demo and the vinyl-only single "Elizabeth", before releasing their first studio album, "Opus Eponymous", on October 18, 2010. The album was well-received and was nominated for the 2011 Grammis Award for "Best Hard Rock" album.
Ghost supported gothic metal band Paradise Lost on their "Draconian Times MMXI" tour in April 2011. On May 29, Ghost made their United States debut at the Maryland Deathfest. The band played at the annual Download Festival in the United Kingdom on the Pepsi Max Stage on June 11. Following their performance, Phil Anselmo, lead singer of the band Down, performed wearing a Ghost t-shirt and invited three of Ghost's members to join him on the main stage. When Down closed their set, both guitars and drums were played by members of Ghost.
Ghost took part in the "Defenders of The Faith III" tour with Trivium, In Flames and Rise to Remain for its UK and Europe shows. The band then embarked on their first United States tour, "13 Dates of Doom" beginning in New York on January 18, 2012, and ending on February 2 in Los Angeles. Ghost joined Mastodon and Opeth as the opening act on the Heritage Hunter Tour throughout North America during April and May 2012. In early 2012, a Nameless Ghoul said that the band had completed writing their second album.
"Infestissumam".
On December 15, 2012, Ghost performed a special show in their hometown, Linköping, where they debuted the new song titled "Secular Haze", which was released online earlier that day, and their cover of ABBA's "I'm a Marionette". At the same show, they introduced Papa Emeritus II as the successor to the band's frontman Papa Emeritusbelieved to be the same person simply playing a new character. On December 20, the band announced that their second album, "Infestissumam", would be released in early 2013. It was released in North America by Loma Vista Recordings in partnership with Republic Recordsa division of Universal Music Groupmarking Ghost's major label debut. 
On February 5, 2013, the band announced a name change to "Ghost B.C." in the United States for legal reasons. A Nameless Ghoul said, "B.C. is obviously a pun on ‘Before Christ’, but it’s just an amendment. In our world, we’re just gonna be called Ghost ... The B.C. is silent, and as soon as we can, it’s gonna be taken away forever."
On March 12, fans could access a new song online titled "Year Zero" if they promoted the band on Facebook by endorsing the election of its frontman as the next Pope of the Catholic Church. "Infestissumam" was originally scheduled to be released on April 9 in the US, but the band could not find a US company that would manufacture the CD. Four US CD manufacturers rejected the job because the artwork for the deluxe edition of the album was described as "basically a 16th century illustration of an orgy". Rather than delay the album further, the band decided to use the artwork from the regular edition for the US pressings of the deluxe edition and announced the new release date of April 16. All European copies and the US vinyl versions include the controversial artwork. Ghost began their "Haze Over North America" tour on April 12 at the Coachella Festival, which consisted of about twenty dates in the US and Canada, and continued until May 18.
In 2013, Ghost embarked on a massive world tour and performed at several music festivals, including the 2013 Download Festival and Sweden's Metaltown. On July 27, Ghost began a six date tour, which was supported by Skeletonwitch. This tour was titled the "Still Hazing over North America Tour", signifying a continuance of the earlier tour. It ended in Chicago at the Lollapalooza festival. Immediately after, Ghost toured South America supporting Iron Maiden and Slayer; this tour included a performance at Rock in Rio. Ghost opened for Avenged Sevenfold and Deftones on a US tour in October. In November, the band toured the UK with Alice in Chains.
On November 20, 2013, the band released the EP "If You Have Ghost", consisting almost entirely of cover songs. It was produced by Dave Grohl. In late 2013, Ghost returned to Sweden before embarking on an early 2014 tour of Australia, which was followed by a Scandinavian tour. On January 18, 2014, Ghost won the Grammis Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Album for "Infestissumam".They will embark on the "Tour Zero Year 2014" on April 17th to May 17th in North America. In July 2014, they will perform at the European Sonisphere Festival.
In a recent interview with A Nameless Ghoul, it was revealed that Ghost have begun writing their third studio album, the follow up to 2013's 'Infestissumam'. They are set to enter the studio to record it in Fall 2014 following completion of their current touring cycle, with a tentative release date of early 2015.
Members.
Themes and appearance.
The Nameless Ghouls represent the five elements; fire, water, wind, earth and ether. The six members of Ghost mimic the Roman Catholic Church but have reversed the image to worship Satan instead of the Holy Trinity. Their lyrics are blatantly Satanic; one Ghoul said, "the first album is about the forthcoming arrival of the Devil, spoken very much in biblical terms, much like the church will say that doomsday is near. This new album ["Infestissumam"] is about the presence of the Devil and the presence of the Antichrist." However, the band has said several times their image is all "tongue-in-cheek". "Infestissumam" also deals with "how people relate to a deity or God, themes like submission and superstition, the horrors of being religious." Additionally, a Nameless Ghoul said the second album is about "how mankindpredominantly menwhat they have deemed to be the presence of the Devil, throughout history and even nowadays. And that’s why the record is so fueled with sexual themes and females ... the Inquisition was basically men accusing women of being the Devil just because they had a hard-on for them."
Papa Emeritus.
The group's vocalist portrays the band's mascot character, a Satanic priest known as Papa Emeritus. According to the band, Papa Emeritus is "supposed to be the star". A Nameless Ghoul said, "It's sort of like Eddie for Iron Maiden, except we have our Eddie singing". There have been two versions of Papa Emeritus, the second was been portrayed as a replacement for his predecessor, signifying a different character; although both versions are believed to be played by the same vocalist. Both versions of Papa Emeritus were only seen together on December 15, 2012 at their show in Linköping, where the original character was retired and Papa Emeritus II was introduced to launch Ghost's second album.
Appearance.
Papa Emeritus's appearance has changed over the course of the band's career. The original version of the character, referred to as Papa Emeritus, had a costume was a vinyl mask of an older man with skull features painted on it, and white or black Cardinal chasuble and mitre. His eyes are different colors; the right one is brown and the left is lighter. Papa Emeritus would swing a smoking thurible as he entered the stage. The second version, referred to as Papa Emeritus II, has a noticeably different appearance than the first; with a black chasuble with emerald green lining, and a white mitre. Papa Emeritus II has the same mismatched eye color as the first and uses a scepter which adorns a metallic version of the bands logo.
In a mini-series focusing on Papa Emeritus, "Vice" magazine's Noisey.com stated that the first Papa Emeritus had an authoritative streak and that his successor was a member of the ministry who was chosen to replace the first because of his leadership skills. Papa Emeritus II in this interview wore a suit with tie, a fedora, and the mask worn did not have the makeup on it, but instead a small mustache. In this interview, Papa Emeritus II spoke in Italian and described himself as "refined wine and a ladies man", while a Nameless Ghoul described the character as "a miserable, wounded, and bitter old man" who comes from the same bloodline as Leonard Cohen, Don Corleone, Dracula, Phantom of the Opera, and the characters of Vincent Price. A Nameless Ghoul said, "He's felt the rain of the world on him, but now he's just too old to care". The interview also stated that the current Papa Emeritus would not be the last, and that another Papa Emeritus (III) would follow at some point.
Identities.
Anonymity is a major characteristic of Ghost; the members have not publicly revealed their names and the group's five instrumentalists are only referred to as "Nameless Ghouls". During signings, The Nameless Ghouls sign the merchandise by stamping their individual symbol, while Papa Emeritus signs with his stage name or the letters "PE". One Ghoul said the idea that the band's members remain anonymous to gain attention was a misconception, and that the idea was to remove their personalities to allow their audiences to focus upon the artwork itself. He also said, "Had not the music been rocking, I don’t think that people would have gone gaga just about our looks". In 2011, a Nameless Ghoul said, "We're often mistaken for roadies, which is helpful. We've almost been thrown out of venues we've played. Forgetting our backstage pass is a big problem." In early 2012, a Ghoul said he enjoyed being an individual and that he could easily "step outside the bubble" when he wanted to.
In an August 2013 interview with Jack Osbourne for Fuse News, a member of the band said that Dave Grohl has dressed up as a Nameless Ghoul and secretly performed with Ghost.
Music.
Ghost's music has been categorized in many genres, though critics usually classify them as heavy metal, doom metal hard rock, and to a lesser extent progressive rock and psychedelic rock. Adrien Begrand of PopMatters stated that Ghost recalls "the early sounds of Black Sabbath, Pentagram, and Judas Priest, as well as the progressive and psychedelic rock of the late '60s." Speaking to Noisey.com, a Nameless Ghoul described Ghost as a black metal band in the traditional sense, but said that they probably do not fit into the norms of the current black metal scene. This Nameless Ghoul described Ghost's music as a mix between pop music and death metal.
In an interview, A Nameless Ghoul said they are influenced by "everything ranging from classic rock to the extreme underground metal bands of the ’80s to film scores to the grandeur of emotional harmonic music". A member of the band said the Swedish and Scandinavian black metal movement of the early '90s plays a major role in their act, and said that each member has come from a metal background. However, the band has stated several times that they do not aim to be a metal band. For their second album, Ghost chose a more diverse songwriting style; a member said, " we tried to deliberately have every song have its own signature". Only two members actually write songs; vocalist Papa Emeritus is not one of them. The writers compose an acoustic outline of songs before other instrumentation is added so it sounds like a group, rather than being dominated by guitar. The group's theatrics are influenced by Kiss, David Bowie and Alice Cooper, but a member said they are more influenced by Pink Floyd.
Controversy.
Ghost's Satanic theme has proven problematic for the group, especially in the United States. While recording "Infestissumam" in Nashville, Tennessee, they were unable to find choral singers that would sing their lyrics, forcing them to record the parts in Hollywood. The group were unable to find a record manufacturer in the US to press the album because it featured artwork showing nudity, which resulted in a delay to album's release. When one interviewer said the band's music had become more "radio-friendly" and that they were being accepted into the US mainstream, a Nameless Ghoul replied that in the US their music was banned from major chain stores, most late-night television shows, and most commercial radio stations. He said, "So, yes, mainstream America is absolutely welcoming us with open legs."
Chicago heavy metal-themed restaurant Kuma's Corner added a hamburger called "The Ghost" to its menu in tribute to Ghost. Its recipe includes goat shoulder, red wine reduction, and a communion wafer. The burger has been called "tasteless" by local Catholic institutions, who demanded that it was removed from the menu. The restaurant's owner has refused, and stated that the burger is quite popular and is quite tasty.

</doc>
<doc id="31072179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072179" title="Julius von Voss">
Julius von Voss

Julius von Voss (August 24, 1768, Brandenburg an der Havel, Prussia – November 1, 1832 Berlin) was a German author.
Works.
His rapidity of literary production was almost without a parallel. His best story is "The Schildbürger" (The Fooltownite: 1823). He wrote a great many comedies, farces, and satirical parodies. In "The Strahlau Haul of Fish" (1822, a popular piece with songs, in the Berlin patois) he gives the first example of the Berlinese farce. "Ini. Ein Roman aus dem ein und zwanzigsten Jahrhundert" (Ini. A novel from the 21st century, 1810) is regarded as the first German science fiction novel.

</doc>
<doc id="31072207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072207" title="Rolava">
Rolava

The Rolava () is a left tributary of the Eger river (Czech: "Ohře") in the northwest of the Czech Republic.
It rises in the Bohemian part of the Ore Mountains about 2 km north of the village of Rolava near the border with Saxony. North of its source is the high moor ("Hochmoor") of Großer Kranichsee, whose waters the Rolava partly collects. During its course in a mainly southeasterly direction the river flows through the abandoned village of Chaloupky and is joined by the "Schwarzwasser" stream coming from "Hirschenstand" (Jelení). It then flows through "Neuhammer" (Nové Hamry), the former district capital of "Neudek" (Nejdek) and the villages of Nová Role and Stará Role, known for their porcelain factories. In Karlovy Vary its discharges into the Eger west of the town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="31072209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072209" title="Cameron Lees">
Cameron Lees

Very Reverend James Cameron Lees KCVO (1835 - 1913) was a Church of Scotland minister and author at the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th.
Lees was born in London on 24 July 1834 and educated at London University. He was the incumbent at Carnach,Abbey of Paisley and St Giles' Cathedral Edinburgh. He was Dean of the Thistle and Dean of the Chapel Royal from 1887 to 1910. He was an Honorary Chaplain to the Queen from 1881 to 1901, and was appointed a Chaplain-in-Ordinary in Scotland to King Edward VII in October 1901.
He died on 26 June 1913, and is buried in the Dean Cemetery, Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="31072244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072244" title="José Puente">
José Puente

José Puente (born April 10, 1968 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer currently played in clubs of Uruguay, Paraguay, Chile and Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="31072246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072246" title="Hardin County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Hardin County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Hardin County Courthouse, located in Eldora, Iowa, United States, was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 2, 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first courthouse in Hardin County was a two-story frame structure built in 1856. It was destroyed in a fire the same year and a new courthouse was built the following year. The county’s present courthouse was built in 1892 for $48,000. The building’s interior was restored in 1968.
Architecture.
The courthouse was designed by architect T.D. Allen in the Romanesque Revival style. The exterior of the building is composed of St. Louis pressed brick and pink Kasota stone. There is a checkerboard pattern in the brick and rock faced stone that surrounds the main entrance. Characteristics of the Richardsonian style are evident in the Roman arches that rest on red granite columns surrounding the north and south entrances. The corner turrets, hipped roof, cross gables, and the cut stone trimming are typical of the Queen Anne style. The buildings 128 foot (39 m) bell tower reflects those found in Italian gothic town centers. Statues of Justice, Mercy and Liberty are in the alcove beneath the bell tower. The semi-circular transoms on the middle east and west windows feature the seal of the State of Iowa in frosted glass.

</doc>
<doc id="31072248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072248" title="Men Without Souls">
Men Without Souls

Men Without Souls (1940) is a Crime movie, starring Barton MacLane - Glenn Ford and directed by Nick Grinde
Plot.
Johnny Adams (Glenn Ford) goes to prison, under a false name, with the intention of killing the captain White (Cy Kendall), a bastard guard, who had been Johnny's father to death. Rev. Thomas Stoner (John Litel) newcomer, is the chaplain of the jail, the father is the mayor's opposition Schafer (Don Beddoe), Stoner finds out the intentions of Johnny and persuades him to follow his plan, but when "Blackie" Drew (Barton MacLane) kills White, Johnny blamed

</doc>
<doc id="31072272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072272" title="Nicholas Fazakerley">
Nicholas Fazakerley

Nicholas Fazakerley (died 1767) was an English lawyer and politician.
Early life.
Fazakerley was the son of Henry Fazakerley, came of an old Lancashire family which long resided at Fazakerley, a township near Liverpool. His own house was at Prescot, Lancashire. On 9 February 1714 he was admitted of the Inner Temple from the Middle Temple, but was called to the bar from the latter society.
Legal career.
At first he practised chiefly in chambers as an equity counsel, but as his practice grew he began to appear not only in the equity court, but in the courts of common law, mostly to argue questions connected with conveyancing and the transfer of real property. Occasionally his knowledge of constitutional law led him to be retained in state trials. 
Among his cases was the trial of Richard Francklin, a Fleet Street bookseller, on 3 December 1731, for publishing in "The Craftsman" of 2 January the letter from The Hague said to have been written by Lord Bolingbroke. Fazakerley was retained along with Thomas Bootle for the defence, and, in the words of Lord Mansfield, ‘started every objection and laboured every point as if the fate of the empire had been at stake’.
In politics.
In January 1732 he was chosen to succeed Daniel Pulteney as M.P. for Preston. He retained his seat for life, being returned at the head of the poll in the contested election of 1741. In August 1742 Fazakerley was appointed recorder of Preston, an office he also held until his death. His politics, however, prevented his attaining the honours of his profession; he never became K.C..
Fazakerley entered parliament as an adherent of the Tory party; he was a Jacobite of the cautious type. He was listened to with attention, and by a section of his party came to be regarded as a leader. In a debate on the convention with Spain, 9 March 1739, whereby peace was secured on payment by the Spanish government of a compensation to English traders, he declared that if Sir Robert Walpole ‘were determined to carry it by a majority, he would never again appear in the house till he perceived a change of measures’. He also distinguished himself in the debates in May 1751, on Lord Hardwicke's Regency Bill, especially by his resolute opposition to the marriage clause. There is a story that Walpole prevailed on Hardwicke, then Sir Philip Yorke, to quit the chief justiceship for the chancellorship, by the declaration: ‘If by one o'clock you do not accept my offer, Fazakerley by two becomes lord keeper of the great seal, and one of the staunchest whigs in all England!’. Another of his speeches which attracted attention was that delivered against the Jews' Naturalisation Bill, 7 May 1753.
Death.
Fazakerley died at his house in Grosvenor Street, London, in February 1767. His will was proved at London on 16 March following.
Family.
He married 10 October 1723 Ann Lutwyche, who survived him; they had a son and a daughter. The son died 30 June 1737. Elizabeth, the daughter, was married 23 December 1744, with a dowry of £16,000 to Granville, eldest surviving son of John Leveson-Gower, 1st Earl Gower, and died 19 May 1745.

</doc>
<doc id="31072287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072287" title="Quimera Academy">
Quimera Academy

Quimera is a legitimate acting academy located in Caracas, Venezuela.
The original Circle in the Square was founded by Franco Ruffelli, Leonardo Montero and José Quintero in 2000 and was located at San Luis in Caracas, Venezuela. Franco Ruffelli is a licensed Theatre Director, and Montero and Quintero are licensed producers.
This academy is well known for its incredible performances of Broadway and off-Broadway plays. It is composed by around 160 members of the cast and crew. With a license and no copy rights, Quimera takes original Broadway plays and bring them to life in their own theatres. The perform in several places, like: Teatro Teresa Carreño, El Poliedro de Caracas, Estadio Universitario (UCV), La Rinconada, etc.
The plays are based on their original versions: same scenography, characters, dialogues, choreographs, costumes, running time, breaks, language, etc.
The academy closed on August 2011 when the director, Franco Ruffelli, was offered a job in London for theatre works.
Cast.
Throughout the years, many of our actors change, but they will always be remembered with great love. Here are some of the most extraordinary talents we have had the pleasure to work with, and who have made a difference in our productions with their performance.
Others have participated as well and have made important contributions to our productions. The ones mentioned above, however, were the most influential and admired from the academy by the audience, directors, critics and reporters.
Crew.
The academy takes notice of the important members of our crew who help with our plays and transform them into what they become:
Vision and Slogan.
Our academy is based on the words of a wise artist. These words are: "Never is late. There is ALWAYS a stage out there for you."
This is the motivation our students get from our staff every single day, remembering that there is no small roles, just small actors.

</doc>
<doc id="31072323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072323" title="Pandi Geço">
Pandi Geço

Pandi Geço (1913–1994) was an Albanian geographer. He was best known for his unique regionalization of Albania into four physical-geographic regions, a regionalization proposed for the first time by him and still used today. He was also the author of the first Albanian academic textbooks of geography.
Early life and higher education.
Pandi Geço was born in Korçë, Albania in 1913, the only son of Niko Geço and Katerina Ballauri. He received his primary education in his hometown, Korçë, where he continued his secondary and tertiary education in French language at the Albanian National Lyceum. In 1935 he completed his studies in the Lyceum and went to study geography in Paris, France. He graduated from the University of Sorbonne in 1940 and that same year returned to his hometown in Albania, where was appointed pedagogue at the same Lyceum at which he had studied.
Career.
Eventually he moved to Tirana and from 1948 until 1951 he worked in the first post-war Albanian scientific institution, the "Institute of Studies" (), later called the "Institute of Sciences" ().
In 1951 he moved into the academic didactic system as professor of geography at the High Pedagogical Institute of Tirana. From 1956–1959 he was a member of the Department of Geodesy in the Faculty of Civic Engineering. 
Between the years 1959–1965 Geço was chief of the Department of Geography of the Faculty of Civil Engineering at the Polytechnic University of Tirana and gave lectures until 1974, the year he retired from teaching.
He also conducted scientific research and published several articles concerning the regionalization of Albania, climatology, demographics, urban geography, and economic geography. Of particular importance is his study "Contemplations on the geographical regionalization of Albania" (), where, for the first time, Pandi proposed a unique geographical regionalization of Albania, based on the concepts of integral geography. He divided Albania into four physical-geographic regions: Northern Mountain Range, Central Mountain Range, Western Lowlands and Southern Mountain Range. This regionalization system is still used today.
Geço held the title "Professor" and published several geographic academic textbooks, analyzing in detail the demographic evolution of the Albanian urban and rural settlements, particularly the capital Tirana. He was also involved in cultural exchanges with French scientific teams in Albania due to his high academic profile and proficiency in French. 
After a long career in the field of geography, Geço died in November 1994 in Tirana, at the age of 81.
Notable works.
Pandi Geço published several works in both Albanian and French, as well as academic textbooks of geography: 
Legacy.
Geço is credited for writing the first Albanian geographic textbooks for universities, while his unique regionalization of Albania is still used today. In honour of his scientific contribution to the Albanian geography, the Albanian Association of Geographers led by Prof. Arqile Bërxholi bears the name "Pandi Geço" ().

</doc>
<doc id="31072343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072343" title="Delta County Courthouse">
Delta County Courthouse

The Delta County Courthouse is a historic, three-story courthouse building in the city of Cooper, in Delta County, Texas, United States. The building is located at 200 West Dallas Avenue, and functions as the meeting place for the county government. The building also houses all of the county records. The county's first courthouse was built in 1873, in Cooper. A courthouse was built to replace the original in 1898. After the Great Depression, the new courthouse was built by the Works Progress Administration (WPA), helping the community to grow. The building has remained virtually unchanged since.
History.
Background.
During the Texas Constitutional Convention of 1868, the delegates paid attention to northeastern portion of the state, especially the increasing need for the creation of new counties in the region. At the time, there were a total of twenty counties located in the region, compared to twenty-three presently. The convention originally met to write a new state constitution, but members quickly tried to shift the focus to other issues. During the convention, the Committee on Counties and County Boundaries presented proposals for the creation of three new counties in the region. They were to be called Delta, Webster, and Richland. Delta County was established on July 29, 1870, by the Twelfth State Legislature. The proposals for Webster and Richland counties, however, were not passed.
Creation and development.
After Delta County was established, it held its first election on October 6, 1870. The first five members of the county commissioners board were chosen in the election. Cooper was established as the county seat for the newly formed county. However, a courthouse was not established for the county government until 1873. Constructed in the county seat, the courthouse was built in the town square. Confederate and Union veterans of the Civil War planted pecan trees on the square around the courthouse, to symbolize the end of conflict. The building, which was two stories tall, was designed by architects R.C. Andrews and E. Blackwell, for a price of approximately $6000 (equivalent to $ in ).
In 1898, the newly incorporated city of Cooper passed a $40,000 bond (equivalent to $ in ) to begin construction of a new, three-story brick courthouse. While construction of the new courthouse was underway, the original courthouse was destroyed in a fire. Construction of the second courthouse was completed in 1900.
Delta County's economy plummeted in 1926 when the local cotton crop failed. The county's economy was slow to recover, finally reaching a steady level in the late 1930s. In 1940, the Works Progress Administration (WPA) began working on improving several items in Delta County. Among these projects was the demolition of the existing courthouse and the construction of a new one. The new courthouse was built at a cost of $110,450 (equivalent to $ in ). The courthouse was designed by architect Hook Smith. The building was constructed in a modern architecture style, and is three stories tall. The present courthouse was constructed two blocks west of the previous building, on the site of the former Blackwell Livery Stable, which had closed in 1912. The site of the former courthouse is still surrounded by the brick roads that were constructed for the courthouse and is now home to a gazebo.
Location and usage.
The present courthouse is located at 200 West Dallas Avenue, two blocks west of the center of the city of Cooper. The building and its property take up half of the city block. It is bordered by Texas State Highway 154 (Dallas Avenue) to the south, Bonham Avenue to the north, NW 2nd Street to the east, and a small alleyway to the west. The courthouse is located slightly south of the geographic center of Delta County. The courthouse serves as the offices for most of the county government, including the county judge, commissioners' court, county auditor, clerk, sheriff, and the justice of the peace. The court also houses all of the county's historical records.

</doc>
<doc id="31072369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072369" title="BMW 117">
BMW 117

The BMW 117 was a piston aircraft engine developed by BMW in the 1930s. Development work stopped in 1937. The BMW 117 engine was initially known as the BMW XV.

</doc>
<doc id="31072393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072393" title="Til the World Ends">
Til the World Ends

Til the World Ends can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31072395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072395" title="John Sharratt">
John Sharratt

John Sharratt (29 October 1850 – 1892) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for North of England in 1880.
Sharratt was born at Derby and was a railway worker. In 1879 he played two matches for Derbyshire which were not first class status, In 1880 he played one first class match as wicket-keeper for the North of England.
Sharratt played 2 innings in one first class match with an average of 3.00 and a top score of five. As wicket-keeper he took two first-class wickets by stumping.
Sharratt died in the Shardlow district at the age of 41.

</doc>
<doc id="31072431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072431" title="Gemma Fay">
Gemma Fay

Gemma Fay (born 9 December 1981) is a Scottish female international football goalkeeper and actress. She currently plays in the Scottish Women's Premier League for Celtic, having previously played in the English FA Women's Premier League for Leeds United. Fay made her senior Scotland debut against Czech Republic in May 1998 and has since amassed 160 appearances for the national team, becoming Scotland's most capped player of all time.
International career.
Fay won 23 Scotland caps before the age of 19. She praised the contribution of her national goalkeeping coach, Jim Gallacher.
In 2009, Fay took over the captain's armband from long-term skipper Julie Fleeting and then reached a 100 caps against Canada at the Cyprus Cup in 2009. In December 2011 Fay and three Celtic women's team mates were approached about playing for Team GB at the 2012 Olympics.
Fay moved on to 141 appearances in May 2012, equalling the record held by Pauline Hamill, after playing in a 3–1 friendly win over Poland in Gdańsk. She set a new record of 142 appearances after playing in Scotland's next match, a 4–1 friendly defeat to Sweden at Stark's Park in Kirkcaldy.
Acting.
In 2013 Gemma made her TV acting debut in the one-off Sky Living drama Rubenesque 

</doc>
<doc id="31072502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072502" title="Hubert Buchberger">
Hubert Buchberger

Hubert Buchberger (born 1951, in Frankfurt) is a German violinist, conductor and music university teacher. He teaches at the Frankfurt Academy of Music, and in 1985, he became an honorary professor.
Buchberger studied from 1970 to 1977, at the Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts with Heinz Stanske and Günther Weigmann.
In 1974, he was a founding member of the Buchberger Quartet, as lead violinist. In 1978 and 1979, the quartet was winner of the national selection of Young Artists of the German Music Council, and won international competitions in Portsmouth, Hanover and Evian. Since 1974, he heads the Offenbach Chamber Orchestra. He has recorded with the Hessian Youth Symphony Orchestra.
He lives in Bad Vilbel.

</doc>
<doc id="31072524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072524" title="Richard H. Walker">
Richard H. Walker

Richard H. Walker (b. 1950) is an American lawyer. He is general counsel of corporate and investment banking at Deutsche Bank and former director of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Division of Enforcement, where he worked for ten years. Before working at the SEC, Walker was a partner at Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft.
Biography.
Walker was born in Wilmington, Delaware in 1950. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1972 from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. He received his J.D. cum laude from Temple Law School and was editor-in-chief of the "Temple Law Quarterly".
Walker's first job after law school was as a law clerk to Chief Judge Collins J. Seitz of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. In 1976, he began working at Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft as an associate, becoming a partner in 1983. While working there, he met Robert Khuzami, who joined the firm as an associate.
Walker worked at the SEC for ten years, first as regional director of the SEC's northeast regional office from 1991 to 1996, then as general counsel from 1996 to 1998, when he became the director of enforcement. He was involved with financial fraud cases brought against W.R. Grace, Livent, Cendant, Microstrategy, Sunbeam Products, Arthur Andersen and PricewaterhouseCoopers. He also established the SEC's internet enforcement program.
He orchestrated the SEC's involvement in undercover sting operations including Operation Thorcon and Operation Uptick, which resulted in more than 100 people being charged with securities fraud. While at the SEC, he worked under chairmen Arthur Levitt and Richard C. Breeden and was awarded for his work in a successful appeal in U.S. v. O'Hagan, which upheld the misappropriation theory of insider trading.
On October 1, 2001, just days before Deutsche Bank began listing its shares on the New York stock exchange, it announced that Walker would be joining the bank as general counsel of its corporate and investment banking division, the bank's largest division. In 2004, Khuzami, then working as a prosecutor in the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan's Southern District of New York, was hired by Walker to come to Deutsche Bank. Walker later recommended Khuzami for the job of SEC enforcement director.

</doc>
<doc id="31072531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072531" title="West Greene High School (Tennessee)">
West Greene High School (Tennessee)

West Greene High School is a high school in Greene County located at 275 West Greene Drive in Mosheim, Tennessee. It is operated by the Greene County School system.
History.
It is a consolidation of Mosheim, McDonald, Glenwood, and Warrensburg schools.
Warrensburg is no longer open.
Mosheim High School was closed when WGHS opened in 1966.
Mosheim High School occupied a larger campus than WGHS but served grades 1-12 with an enrollment around 1000 students.
In 1966 Mosheim High became Mosheim Elementary and continues to serve grades K-8.
In 1973 the large "Old Mosheim High School" building was demolished to make way for a smaller, open classroom elementary school.
Athletics.
Students may participate in a variety of athletic programs:

</doc>
<doc id="31072573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072573" title="Dots Johnson">
Dots Johnson

Hylan Johnson (February 3, 1913 – August 22, 1986), professionally known as Dots Johnson and Dotts Johnson, was an African American stage and film actor. He was best known for his roles as the American MP in Roberto Rossellini's 1946 feature "Paisan" and as the boxing manager in the 1953 production "The Joe Louis Story".

</doc>
<doc id="31072632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072632" title="Woodlands (Gosport, Alabama)">
Woodlands (Gosport, Alabama)

Woodlands, also known as the Frederick Blount Plantation, is a historic plantation house in Gosport, Alabama. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28, 1980, due to its architectural significance.
Background.
The house was built by Frederick Spaight Blount in 1840. Blount was born on November 13, 1808 in North Carolina. He and his half-brother, James W. Bryan, entered into a partnership in 1841, by which Bryan furnished slaves for Woodlands. Blount was noted to be a lawyer in Gosport in 1845. The partnership with his half-brother had soured by 1848, with Bryan attempting to sell the slaves to Alfred Hatch of Greensboro. By the time of the 1850 United States Census he and his wife, Emily James, were living at the plantation with three children and eighteen slaves. The family relocated to Mobile a few years later, where Blount resumed his law practice. 
A great scandal, known nation-wide at the time, arose in 1858 when Frederick S. Blount accused Henri Arnous de Rivière, a French Army officer, of abducting his daughter, Miss Emily J. Blount, and wife, Mrs. Emily James Blount, and attempting to flee with them to Havana. Blount had allowed the engagement of his daughter to Rivière, but after discovering a supposed previous marriage broke the engagement and forbade Henri Rivière contact with her. Rivière was apprehended on July 4, 1858 at the Hotel Napoleon in Hoboken, New Jersey, but he and Blount's daughter escaped prior to the trial. 
The affair was published in newspapers throughout the South, and in the New York Times. The Blount family was later reunited and were again living in Mobile in 1860. However, Rivière and Miss Blount did eventually marry and have children, living in France. Frederick Blount himself was living in Paris by 1872.
Architecture.
Woodlands is a wood-frame example of what is known regionally as a Carolina cottage, a form that is very similar in outward appearance to that of a Creole cottage. This form is always one-and-a-half stories with side-gables, with the main roof covering any porches. 
The house also features fine Greek Revival detailing, including eight fluted Doric columns supporting the front porch. The front entrance door, centered in the five bay facade, is surrounded by sidelights and surmounted by a transom light, with these flanked by pilasters and crowned with a simple entablature.

</doc>
<doc id="31072636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072636" title="Theatre Aurora">
Theatre Aurora

Theatre Aurora is an entirely volunteer-run community theatre in Aurora, Ontario, that opened in 1958. The theatre puts on five regular season shows and two youth productions annually, and also rents space to other events, including concerts and performances. The theatre is located on Henderson Drive in Aurora.
History.
Theatre Aurora opened in 1958 as the Aurora Drama Workshop. They performed their first show, "Tovarich", at the Aurora High School.

</doc>
<doc id="31072637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072637" title="List of Somerset first-class cricket records">
List of Somerset first-class cricket records

This is a list of Somerset first-class cricket records; that is, record team and individual performances in first-class cricket for Somerset County Cricket Club.
Batting.
Most career runs.
Qualification - 15000 runs
Most career hundreds.
Qualification - 25 centuries
Bowling.
Most career wickets.
Qualification - 1000 wickets
Fielding.
Most career catches.
Qualification - 250 catches
Most career wicket-keeping dismissals.
Qualification - 200 dismissals
Other.
Most career appearances.
Qualification - 350 matches

</doc>
<doc id="31072646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072646" title="Battle of Ebrahimkhel">
Battle of Ebrahimkhel

The Battle of Ebrahimkhel was a pursuit action between the Allied forces and the Taliban forces during the War on Terror. In the end, the Battle at Ebrahimkhel was the largest ground-to-ground firefight since the Vietnam War in 1968.
Battle.
The first actions were when the Talibans raided the community of Qalat. Attacks went on for the nights before August 8, 2006 and the Afghans there lost a rate of three officers a week. On hit-and-run missions, the Afghan police checkpoint was battered from RPG and mortar rounds. The Afghans and Americans decided to chase down the Taliban and kill or capture them. The Afghans and Americans set off on a chase after the dozen Taliban insurgents who attacked the checkpount. The convoy was to meet up with Romanian soldiers who had the communications and a powerful machine gun. However, they misunderstood and returned to their base. As the unit neared the first village, a Taliban fired a few potshots at the lead truck, but was captured. He was part of a Taliban ploy where they gave him a weapon and if he didn't shoot the Allies, they would kill him. Later, an old man told the Allies that the Taliban passed through, and the Americans began to chase them to the border with Pakistan. Then, the Allied radio (Icom) informed them that the Al-Qaeda had joined the Talibans. When both were together, they had the tendency to fight to the last man.
The Allies were stranded due to no or little communications. Since the road to Qalat was a four-mile walk in the darkness of night, the team stopped at the town of Ebrahimkhel. The insurgent convoy turned to attack them. As the insurgents fired RPGs, the Allies drove their car into the cul-de-sac of the village. The insurgent RPGs hit the area around the Americans, and they responded with more fire. The assault leader was killed by the Americans. Though the Afghans had two to three times more men than the Allies, the Allies troops fought hard still. The Americans used their LAW weapon, the cousin of the more modern AT4. One of its missiles tore through a wall, followed by three others that imploded the insurgent weapons cache. IEDs damaged the Allied lead truck late in the battle, but the explosion's embankment soon smoothened. The allies fought their way to the enemy convoy, destroying it. The Allies prepared to finish off the insurgents, the Americans assaulting the enemy at the right at a swamp, attacking and killing 12. Later, the Americans received word that two Dutch F-16s were taking off from Bagram Airfield, 20 or 30 minutes away. The fight had reached its two-hour mark when the F-16s arrived, and the Americans smoked the position where the enemy was to locate where they needed fire. The Dutch dropped flares on the enemy, trying make them flee. Then, the Americans took up positions on a hill which was raked by RPG fire. The Allies evacuated the area down Route 1 to Qalat for safety. The battle was the biggest since the Vietnam War. It was confirmed by the military that the Americans and their 35 Afghan comrades had faced a force of an estimated 300 Taliban and Al-Qaeda fighters, of which at least 25 were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="31072681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072681" title="Saab PhoeniX">
Saab PhoeniX

Saab PhoeniX is a concept car by Saab unveiled at the 2011 Geneva Motor Show. It was designed by Jason Castriota as one of his first creations for Saab. The design is inspired by the Saab 92001, but with design cues from nearly every Saab model made. The car uses the same platform as the 2013 Saab 9-3 replacement and much of the design will be carried over from the PhoeniX to the 9-3 replacement and other future Saabs.
The front suspension is via HiPer Strut while the rear is a linked H-arm set-up.
The car is equipped with the new hybrid all wheel drive systems that is being developed in cooperation with American Axle (AAM). The car is also fitted with the new IQon, an in car information system that runs a customized version of Google Android.
The PhoeniX was awarded the 2011 Auto Express design award with a landslide victory receiving 30% of the votes beating Alfa Romeo 4C (2nd) and Jaguar C-X75 (3rd).
The rights to the PhoeniX platform is 100% owned by Saab, but it uses some parts (less than 10%) that are bought from GM.

</doc>
<doc id="31072688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072688" title="List of Somerset List A cricket records">
List of Somerset List A cricket records

This is a list of Somerset List A cricket records; that is, record team and individual performances in List A cricket for Somerset County Cricket Club.
Batting.
Most List A runs for Somerset.
Qualification - 5000 runs
Bowling.
Most List A wickets for Somerset.
Qualification - 300 wickets

</doc>
<doc id="31072692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072692" title="Medical Arts Building (Knoxville, Tennessee)">
Medical Arts Building (Knoxville, Tennessee)

The Medical Arts Building is an office high-rise located at 603 Main Street in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. Completed in 1930, the 10-story structure originally provided office space for physicians and dentists, and at the time was considered the "best equipped" medical building in the South. The building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places as one of the region's best examples of a Gothic Revival-style office building. It is currently used for general office space. 
History.
The lot on which the Medical Arts Building stands was originally located just outside Charles McClung's 1791 plat of Knoxville, though the lot had been incorporated into the city by 1800. By the late 19th century, the elaborate Victorian residence of pharmaceutical magnate A. J. Albers stood on the lot. The home of artist Charles Krutch once stood in the parking lot adjacent to the building.
By the early 1900s, numerous physicians were operating out of buildings in the area between South Market Street and Henley Street, such as those located in what is now the South Market Historic District. Following World War I, the James Park House (at the corner of Walnut and Cumberland) was converted into a clinic, in part because of the large number of doctors' offices in its vicinity. In the late 1920s, prominent physician Herbert Acuff (1886–1951), seeing a necessity for a more modern medical office building, recruited several investors, and purchased the lot at the corner of Main and Locust. Construction on the Medical Arts Building, designed by the Lexington, Kentucky-based firm Manley and Young, began in 1929 and was completed in 1930.
In the 1930s, Acuff's investment company went bankrupt, and the Medical Arts Building was sold to the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. In subsequent years, the building's first floor tenants have included a bank, a drug store and restaurant. In 1981, Knoxville-area developer Kristopher Kendrick purchased the building, and in turn sold it in 1983 to the Medical Arts Building Association, which renovated the building for modern office space.
Design.
The Medical Arts Building is located at the northwest corner of Main and Locust, with an attached three-story garage extending the length of Locust all the way to Cumberland Avenue. A parking lot separates it from Henley Street to the west, and the Knoxville Post Office lies across Locust to the east.
The east (Locust) and south (Main) facades of the building are decorated with terra cotta elements and dark green spandrel panels. A terra cotta cornice surrounds the top of the building. The entrances along Main and Locust are decorated with terra cotta buttresses, pointed arches, and brass double-doors flanked by transoms with Gothic tracery elements. The garage is accessed via a Tudor arch entrance along Locust Street. The first floor interior contains a marble floor and walls, and upper level hallways contain marble wainscoting.

</doc>
<doc id="31072721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072721" title="Angelo Sosa">
Angelo Sosa

Angelo Sosa is an American chef who appeared on the seventh season of the Bravo reality television show "Top Chef". He finished as a runner-up, losing to Kevin Sbraga. 
Early in his career, he met Jean-Georges Vongerichten who became his mentor, and went on to work for him at Jean Georges, Dune, and Spice Market, where he served as Executive Sous Chef. Shortly thereafter, he was invited by Alain Ducasse to create a special seasonal menu at his Paris restaurant Spoon Food & Wine, the first American to receive such an honor.
He currently lives in New York City. 
Sosa owned a sandwich shop named 'Xie Xie' (meaning thank you in Mandarin) for a short time, but it is now closed.
Sosa would return to compete on "Top Chef All-Stars". He was eliminated in seventh place.
In March 2011, Sosa opened Social Eatz in Manhattan's Midtown East, serving American standards, spiced up using Asian flavors and techniques. In March 2013, Social Eatz closed. In 2012, Sosa opened Añejo Tequileria in Manhattan's Hell's Kitchen, serving unique tequilas and original takes on traditional Mexican tastes.
Currently he owns the Poppy Den in Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="31072723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072723" title="Keller House (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)">
Keller House (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

The Keller House in Hazleton, Pennsylvania was a historic house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was removed from the National Register in 1978. It was acquired by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission in 1978 after a $60,000 grant from the United States Department of the Interior.

</doc>
<doc id="31072730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072730" title="Sri Manakula Vinayagar Engineering College">
Sri Manakula Vinayagar Engineering College

Sri Manakula Vinayagar Engineering College(SMVEC) is an engineering college in Pondicherry, Puducherry union territory, India. The college was established in 1999, to provide technical education to young citizens. The institution is affiliated to Pondicherry University and is approved by All India Council for Technical Education.
Location and Access.
The college is located in the sub-urban locality of Madagadipet, around 22 kilometers from Puducherry and 20 kilometers from Villupuram.
It is accessible directly by road. Bus transport provided by PRTC, TNSPTC and private bus operators provide direct transport till Madagadipet,
Blocks.
The various blocks(buildings) present in the college campus are:
Admission.
Eligibility
Eligibility to admission to the UG degree courses is a successful completion of the Higher Secondary course or equivalent level education for direct entry students. For lateral entry students(those entering the course in its second year), Diploma degree in any engineering course is necessary. Also, students can enter via CENTAC, in which case they would not have to pay management seats. 50% of the college seats are reserved for students who deserve CENTAC seats.
Library.
-The college has a spacious library with 58,761 volumes of books, besides a number of Indian and foreign journals, periodicals, newsletters and magazines. Open access system is being followed. A separate reference section and reading hall is also available.
Controversy.
-2014 A first-year girl student committed suicide by jumping off the terrace of the college building in Puducherry on Monday. Manakula Vinayagar Institute of Technology (MIT) management said, a first-year electrical and electronics engineering student, who reached the college on Monday morning, did not attend class but climbed to the terrace of the five-storey college building and committed suicide by jumping from there to the ground.
-2013 A former student of Sri Manakula Vinayagar Medical College cum Hospital, S Dinakar Rajendiran, committed suicide by slitting his veins using a surgical knife.
-2012 Two students of the medical college -- Niveditha (first year) from Ottanchathiram in Dindugal district and S Priyadarshini (third year) from Tirupati district in Andhra Pradesh -- committed suicide on the college campus on May 2 and on May 17, 2012.
-2012 A Azhagumalar from Puducherry, who served as an intern in college's health centre at Thiruvananinallur, Villupuram district, ended her life by jumping into the sea off the Puducherry coast on January 10, 2012.
Management
Trust.
Sri Manakula Vinayaga Educational Trust (SMVE Trust) was formed with the avowed objective of imparting quality medical and technical education especially to the rural sections of the society. SMVE Trust was established in the year 1998 under the Chairmanship of our beloved Founder Late Shri . N.Kesavan and is progressing in its vision under the guidance of Shri. M. Dhanasekaran, Chairman and Managing Director, Shri.S.V.Sugumaran, Vice Chairmanan, Dr.K.Narayanasamy, Secretary. To cherish this objective and to join hands with the policy of the Government of India in enhancing Medical and Technical Education to meet the needs of our nation by ensuring the employability of the students, the trust has established “Mailam Engineering College” in the year 1998 and “Sri Manakula Vinayagar Engineering College” in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31072737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072737" title="List of Somerset Twenty20 cricket records">
List of Somerset Twenty20 cricket records

This is a list of Somerset Twenty20 cricket records; that is, record team and individual performances in Twenty20 cricket for Somerset County Cricket Club.
Batting.
Most Twenty20 runs for Somerset.
Qualification - 500 runs
Bowling.
Most Twenty20 wickets for Somerset.
Qualification - 25 wickets

</doc>
<doc id="31072741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072741" title="George Fitzhugh (priest)">
George Fitzhugh (priest)

Hon. George FitzHugh (died 20 November 1505) was Chancellor of Cambridge University and Dean of Lincoln.
He was the fourth son of Henry FitzHugh, 5th Baron FitzHugh of Ravensworth and his wife Lady Alice Neville. His mother was sister to Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick, known to history as "Warwick, the Kingmaker". As a grandnephew of Cecily Neville, Duchess of York, FitzHugh was a first cousin, once removed of the York kings Edward IV and Richard III. His siblings included Sir Richard, 6th Baron FitzHugh; Lady Elizabeth Parr; and Lady Alice Fiennes.
FitzHugh obtained a license from the Pope to hold a deanery at sixteen. By the age of twenty-three, he became an ordained priest.
He received a B.A. from Cambridge University in 1478 or 1479 and an M.A. in 1479.
He was Master of Pembroke College, Cambridge from 1488 to 1505 and Chancellor of Cambridge University from 1496 to 1499 and again in 1502. He held a number of ecclesiastical titles, including Prebendary of York, Prebendary of Lincoln, rector of Bingham, Nottinghamshire; rector of Kirkby Ravensworth and of Bedale, and was Dean of Lincoln from 1483 to 1505.
He is buried in Lincoln Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="31072771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072771" title="Snelling Staffing Services">
Snelling Staffing Services

Snelling Staffing Services is a full-service "workforce solutions provider" serving temporary, contract and direct-hire staffing needs for employers in the Continental US, Hawaii and Puerto Rico. Snelling franchises are individually owned and operated. Originally founded in Pennsylvania in 1951, Snelling is headquartered in Dallas, Texas and has a network of about 130 offices.
History.
In 1951, two personnel-industry pioneers, Lou and Gwen Snelling, opened their first office on Market Street in Philadelphia, PA. Lou believed in personnel services and had used them to further his professional sales career with Cream of Wheat. After honoring a non-compete with a former employer, Accredited Personnel, Lou and wife Gwen co-founded Snelling and Snelling on the philosophy of “helping others achieve the success they desire.”
Together with their future daughter-in-law Joan, and sons Bob in 1952 and Ray in 1953, the Snellings created a company. In 1951, Snelling entered the staffing industry with a single office in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and by 1967, had expanded to 50 offices. Since then, Snelling has grown strategically, adding franchisee offices across the country.
In 1976 Snelling and Snelling moved its international corporate headquarters to Snelling Plaza in Sarasota, Florida, doubling the size of its previous headquarters. After continuous expansion, Snelling moved its headquarters again in 1991 to Dallas, Texas.
In February 2005, Patriarch Partners, a Lynn Tilton company, made a strategic investment in Snelling.
In January 2010, Snelling added Snelling Medical to its list of offerings, and in June 2010, David Allen became CEO of Snelling Staffing Services. In December 2010, Snelling Staffing Services received the Women’s Business Enterprise National Certification (WBENC) and joined a network of businesses that were at least 51% owned, operated and controlled by a woman or women. Snelling Staffing Services celebrates its 60 year anniversary in June 2011.
Business and areas of expertise.
Snelling Staffing Services is headquartered in Dallas, Texas. It is a privately held company and in 2005, Patriarch Partners made a strategic investment in Snelling.
Primary fields of temporary, temp-to-perm and career placement are:
Snelling’s client profile ranges from small to mid-sized businesses that need anywhere from one person to a full team.

</doc>
<doc id="31072774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072774" title="Watarmah-ye Pa'in">
Watarmah-ye Pa'in

Wātarmah-ye Pā’īn is a village in Daykundi Province, in central Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31072775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072775" title="Yakhan-e 'Ulya">
Yakhan-e 'Ulya

Yakhan-e ‘Ulyā () is a village in Ghor Province, in central Afghanistan. Alternate spellings of the name include Yakhān-e ‘Olyā, Yakhān-i-Bāla, and Yakhani-Ulia.

</doc>
<doc id="31072776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072776" title="European Wax Center">
European Wax Center

European Wax Center is a major chain of hair removal salons in the United States, founded and based in Aventura, Florida in 2004 and run through franchising. It is the world's largest wax center brand with nearly 197 clinics across the United States.
The salons typically are 1,200 to and employ 10 to 15 people. The chain prefers to locate in shopping centers anchored by grocery stores or by a Target store, with a Starbucks or a Peet’s coffee shop within the center.
The chain has 298 locations in 25 states.
History.
Siblings Joshua, David, and Jessica Coba founded European Wax Center as single salon in Aventura, Florida in 2004. In 2008, the siblings started selling European Wax Center franchises.
Since the European Wax Center opened its first franchise in Florida in 2005, the company has opened more than 166 franchises, with another 110 sold.
Franchises use a four-step waxing process.
Recognition.
Recently European Wax Center was named one of the Top 10 franchises and #82 on the list of fastest-growing companies by INC magazine in their annual INC 500 survey. According to INC magazine, the franchise has experienced a 3 year growth of 2,924%. In 24 months, Euopean Wax Center grew from a local Florida-based business into a franchise giant with locations in 26 states. In the Dallas market alone, expectations are to open 17 new locations, by 2012. European Wax Center projects ending 2011 with a 362% revenue increase, over 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31072798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072798" title="Eborac Island Light">
Eborac Island Light

Eborac Island Light is an active lighthouse on Eborac Island, a small rocky island in the Adolphus Channel just off Cape York, the northern tip of Cape York Peninsula, Far North Queensland, Australia. It guides ships into the coastal channel inside the Great Barrier Reef. The concrete structure was built in 1921 and converted to solar power in 1990.
Eborac Island.
Eborac Island is located in the Adolphus Channel, a channel at the northeastern end of Cape York Peninsula and southeastern portion of the Torres Strait. The island is part of the Manar Group of the Torres Strait Islands. It is visible just across from Cape York, the northernmost point on the Australian continent. Its native name is Dyāra.
Structure and display.
Eborac Island Light was established in 1921. It was converted to solar power on 8 August 1990.
The structure is a square concrete hut, from the base to the platform. It is topped by a Chance Brothers diameter lantern room. Both are painted white, and the total height is . A Helipad is nearby.
The current light characteristic is two flashes, separated by two seconds, every 10 seconds, colored white, red or green depending on direction (Fl.(2)W.R.G. 10s). White, visible for , is shown at 267°30′-281°, 288°30′-000° and 135°-252°. Green, visible for , is shown at 252°30′-267°30′ and 000°-135°. Red, visible for , is shown at the small middle sector, 281°-288°30′.
The apparatus is a Chance Brothers 400 mm focal length Fresnel lens. The light source is a solar powered 12 Volt 35 Watt Halogen lamp and the intensity is 
3,700 cd for the white light and 700 cd for the red and green ones.
Site operation and visiting.
The site and the tower are operated by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority. The island is accessible only by boat, and both the site and the tower are closed to the public. The lighthouse is, however, visible from the tip of Cape York, which can be reached by four wheel drive

</doc>
<doc id="31072801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072801" title="Abi Jan">
Abi Jan

Abi Jan is a village in Helmand Province, in southwestern Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31072804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072804" title="Paradise (Billy Lawrence album)">
Paradise (Billy Lawrence album)

Paradise is the second studio album from American R&B artist Billy Lawrence, released June 24, 1997 on East West Records. The album features an appearance from rapper MC Lyte on the first single "Come On". Also appearing on the album was the then-unknown Van Hunt who played the Wurlitzer on the album's title track. "Paradise" also marked the debut of the controversial rap group dead prez who were credited as sticman & M-1 on the song "Footsteps".
Release and reception.
The album reached the fifty-seventh spot on the R&B Albums chart.
Personnel.
Information taken from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="31072807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072807" title="A Girl Named Zippy">
A Girl Named Zippy

A Girl Named Zippy is a memoir by Haven Kimmel. This memoir describes the childhood of the author who grew up in the 1960s in the small town of Mooreland, Indiana. The title is taken from the author's nickname "Zippy" which her father gave her to describe her zipping around the house.
Characters.
The Jarvis Family
Haven Kimmel "Zippy" Author and narrator of the book who is the youngest daughter in the Jarvis family.
Mr. Jarvis Zippy's gun-toting father who enjoys gambling, and is a declared atheist whom Zippy follows everywhere.
Mrs. Jarvis Zippy's mother who enjoys reading on the couch with a bag of potato chips. She is a devoted Christian.
Mom Mary Zippy's Grandmother
Melinda Zippy's older sister who convinces Zippy that she is adopted by gypsies.
Daniel Zippy's only brother who is admired by Zippy and is a teenager when Zippy is born.
"Zippy's Friends"
Julie Zippy's best friend who lets Zippy do all her talking.
Dana A friend of Zippy's who is neglected by her parents and moves away from Mooreland before Zippy has a chance to say goodbye.
Andy Zippy's friend and good-looking neighbor.
Characters from the town of Mooreland"
Edythe An elderly neighbor who Zippy thinks is out to get her.
Petey Scroggs the neighborhood bully who holds Zippy's cat PeeDink captive in his basement.
Reed Ball Neighbor who wants to poison the Jarvis' dogs, Kai and Tiger.
Doc Owner of the grocery store who is married to Zippy's teacher whom she dislikes
Summary.
A Girl Named Zippy by Haven Kimmel is her first memoir about her childhood growing up in the small Indiana town of Mooreland, IN near New Castle, Indiana. From her perspective as child, Kimmel describes her beginnings as a seriously ill, speechless, and bald baby who did not speak or grow hair until she was 2 years old. She earned her nickname from her father because she would "zip" around the house like a famous chimp on TV who could roller skate. In this memoir, Kimmel introduces the characters of her own family: Her mother who spends all her time on the couch reading; her father who is an obsessive camping packer, proclaimed non-church goer, and gambler; her older sister, Melinda who tolerates Zippy and convinces Zippy that she is adopted from gypsies; and her handsome, quiet, intense, and much older brother, Daniel, whom Zippy idolizes. She tells of her run ins with neighbors such as Doc who owns the grocery store and is married to Zippy's teacher; Edythe, the elderly woman who seems to have it in for Zippy; and the next door neighbor who wants to poison the family dogs. Zippy's friends from school include Julia, who lets Zippy do the talking for her; Dana who likes to fight with Zippy until Dana suddenly disappears never to be seen again; Polly who fascinates Zippy because her brother is a murderer; and Sissy who wants to save her soul. Her various animal adventures include rescuing her cat, PeeDink, from the bully Peter next door, saving a baby pig from the runt pile, and raising her pet chicken, Speckles (later a meal). Kimmel describes her exploits and humor from her own life as a young girl with an active imagination living in the slow-paced and familiarity of a small town in the Midwest.
About the author.
Haven Kimmel was born in 1965 in New Castle, Indiana and grew up nearby Mooreland, Indiana. Her first novel, A Girl Named Zippy: Growing up Small in Mooreland, Indiana (2001) details her childhood with family, friends, and other Mooreland characters. Haven Kimmel composed poetry before writing the memoir of her childhood exploits. She graduated from Ball State Universityin Muncie with her degree in English and Creative Writing and studied with novelist, Lee Smith, at North Carolina State University. She attended the Earlham School of Religion in Richmond, Indiana. She currently lives in Durham, North Carolina.
Works by Haven Kimmel:
2001 A Girl Named Zippy: Growing up Small in Mooreland, Indiana (memoir), Doubleday (New York, NY), 2001.
2002 The Solace of Leaving Early (novel), Doubleday (New York, NY), 2002.
2003 Orville: A Dog Story (juvenile), illustrated by Robert Andrew Parker, Clarion Books (New York, NY), 2003.
2004 Something Rising (Light and Swift) (novel), Free Press (New York, NY), 2004.
2005 She Got up off the Couch: And Other Heroic Acts from Mooreland, Indiana (sequel) Free Press (New York, NY), 2006.
2007 The Used World: A Novel , Free Press (New York, NY), 2007.
2008 Kaline Klattermaster's Tree House (juvenile fiction), illustrated by Peter Brown, Atheneum Books for Young Readers (New York, NY, 2008
2008 Iodine: A Novel , (novel) Free Press (New York, NY), 2008.
Awards and recognition.
Today Show Book Club Selection September 2002
New York Times Bestseller
Booksense 76
Reviews.
Booklist March 15, 2001 Mary Carroll p. 1351
Book Page April 2001 (Eliza R.L. McGraw)
Library Journal February 1, 2001 Pam Kingsbury p. 103
Publisher Weekly January 3, 2001 p. 60
Entertainment Weekly March 23, 2001 Lisa Levy p. 107
External links.
The official website of Haven Kimmel http://www.havenkimmel.com/HK/Haven_Kimmel.html
Haven Kimmel Fan Site Purity of Heart http://www.purityofheart.org/index.html

</doc>
<doc id="31072809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072809" title="Dangerous Angels">
Dangerous Angels

Dangerous Angels is a young adult fiction series by Francesca Lia Block. It consists of seven novels: "Weetzie Bat", "Witch Baby", "Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys", "Missing Angel Juan", "Baby Be-Bop", "Necklace of Kisses", and "Pink Smog: Becoming Weetzie Bat". The stories are about Weetzie Bat and her friends and family's lives in Los Angeles including witches, genies, and ghosts on their journeys to find acceptance, love, and a connection. 
Plots.
"Weetzie Bat":
Weetzie Bat meets her best friend Dirk, who happens to be gay, at school and together they have grand adventures around Los Angeles comforting each other when they get hurt on their quest to find their ducks, or soul mates. Grandma Fifi gives Weetzie a genie lamp which gives her three wishes which are granted and their lives change forever with unforeseen ramifications. 
"Witch Baby":
Witch Baby, a purple eyed girl who lives with Weetzie Bat, My-Secret-Agent-Lover-Man, and the rest of the kin does not know where she belongs in the world. As she tires of tormenting her sister, Cherokee, Witch Baby happens to meet a boy Angel Juan who she instantly knows is her soul mate and through him realizes what a family should be. She goes on a quest to find her mother in hopes of finding out where she belongs, to find out that her mother really does not care about her. In the end she misses her family and realizes it is with them she belongs. 
"Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys":
The grown-ups in the family are off filming their new movie, leaving Cherokee to look after Witch Baby who has locked herself in the shed refusing to eat because she misses Angel Juan so desperately. To leer her out Cherokee makes her a pair of wings, which transform Witch Baby. The girls decide to start a band with Angel Juan and Raphael, but when they go to perform they all freeze. Cherokee makes the rest of the band members magical items which makes them into one of the hottest bands, until they get caught up in the world of drugs, sex, and jealousy. Cherokee takes away the magical gifts after realizing what it has done to them, making them re-examine their choices. 
"Missing Angel Juan": 
Angel Juan left for New York City and Witch Baby is desperately missing him, and when he stops writing she knows something has happened to him. She goes in search of him staying at the apartment of Weetzie Bat’s deceased father, Charlie Bat, which happens to be haunted by him. Together the ghost of Charlie Bat and Witch Baby trace Angel Juan’s steps to a ‘man’ named Cake who she must rescue him from without getting herself captured as well.
"Baby Be-Bop":
A prequel to the other stories, it takes you on the journey of Dirk’s life before meeting Weetzie Bat. While living with Grandma Fifi in high school Dirk struggles with his sexuality and how to come out to Pup, his best friend and who he thinks is his soul mate. Though Pup feels the same he refuses to come out and starts dating a girl leaving Dirk heartbroken. After being beat up by a bunch of anti-gay guys he crashes at home and starts dreaming of his ancestors, which help him come to terms with who he is through their life stories.
Major themes.
The major theme throughout the stories combined to make "Dangerous Angels" is “tolerance through love.” 
Individual stories have more individualized themes etched within them. "Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys" is about the importance loved ones and the natural and spiritual worlds.
Witch Baby’s magical story is about the “danger of denying life's pain.” 
Weetzie Bat is a transcendent coming of age story. The strong theme of "Missing Angel Juan" Cart states best as, “love, in its infinite varieties, is both humankind's natural estate and heart-magic strong enough to redeem any loss.” 
In "Baby Be-Bop" the theme is finding love for oneself and is “a safety net of words for readers longing to feel at home with themselves.”
Literary significance and reception.
All of the short books that are combined to make Dangerous Angels received great reviews when they were published. Osborn says of Weetzie Bat, “Weetzie and her friends live like the lilies of the field, yet their responsibility to each other and their love for the baby show a sweet grasp of the realities that matter.” Block manages to bring the most important things in life, family and love to the front of the novel making other life matters secondary, which readers find enchanting. In 2005 Block received the Margaret A. Edwards Award, “for outstanding contributions to young adult readers”, for the Weetzie Bat books.
Explanation of the novel's title.
The title of this book comes from a quote from Weetzie Bat: “‘Love is a dangerous angel,’ Dirk said.” [p. 11] 

</doc>
<doc id="31072825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072825" title="Soul Diaspora">
Soul Diaspora

Soul Diaspora is a 2009 film written and directed by Odera Ozoka. The film received 3 nominations at the 6th African Movie Academy Awards in 2010 for "Best Actor in a Leading Role", "Best film by an African Filmmaker in Diaspora", and "AMAA Achievement in Sound", winning the award for "Best film by an African Filmmaker in Diaspora". In addition, the film won the "Audience Favorite Award" at the 2010 Pan African Film Festival in Los Angeles, USA.
Plot.
The story depicts Saidu (Sadiq Abu), a Nigerian immigrant living in Los Angeles who is forced to overcome sleepless nights of his tormented past in Africa. The audience finds him alone in this modern world, often hearing voices in his head, sometimes not even his, as the film interweaves color and black and white to illustrate this protagonist's conflicted behavior and tortured mental state.
Saidu's "life's path" brings him to working less than minimum wage at a mechanic shop, forging little by little a friendship with a sixteen-year-old Afghani-American, Reza (Kristian Steel), the son of the shop's friendly owner. Yet, even then, the mysterious Saidu is unable to fully overcome his alienation and loneliness. He soon meets and bonds with a stripper, Latisha (Mimi Vasser), after frequenting the same bar.
During the film, the audience meets an African-American named Tyrone (Serge Eustache) who may not share Saidu's morality, but is confronted with internal troubles. He is embroiled in a seamy love triangle with Saidu's encounter, Latisha and another woman, Lori (Maggie Maki), whom he has no feelings for but seems unable-or rather unwilling to rid himself of.
All the characters' souls are stripped to the core by one searing (and national) event, which give them all fresh perspective.

</doc>
<doc id="31072867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072867" title="Aybak, Helmand">
Aybak, Helmand

Aybak or Haibak () is a village in Helmand Province, in southwestern Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31072870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072870" title="Exit Control List">
Exit Control List

The Exit Control List (ECL) is a system of border control maintained by the Government of Pakistan under the " Exit from Pakistan (Control) Ordinance". Those persons on the list are prohibited from leaving Pakistan.
1. Exit from Pakistan (Control) Ordinance, 1981, empowers the Federal Government to prohibit any person from proceeding abroad. Ordinarily following categories of persons are placed on ECL:-
2. The On-Line System is operational at the Ministry linked with international airports at Karachi, Lahore, Peshawar, Islamabad and Faisalabad.
3. Any person aggrieved by the order of Federal Government regarding placement of his name on ECL, can under the law, file a Review Petition giving justifications for review and also can seek a personal hearing with the competent authority.
4. ECL is reviewed periodically to assess the need for further retention of a person on ECL.
Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) is responsible for the smooth and accurate control on Exit Control List and thus avoiding the previously experienced complications in this regard.

</doc>
<doc id="31072874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072874" title="Azan, Afghanistan">
Azan, Afghanistan

Āzān () is a village in Helmand Province, in southwestern Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31072912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072912" title="Alfred Buntru">
Alfred Buntru

Alfred Buntru (15 January 1887 – 23 January 1974) was a Sudeten German academic and member of the Nazi Party. Born in Sankt Blasien in the Grand Duchy of Baden, he was educated at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology. Buntru later became a professor of hydraulic engineering and a deputy "Reichsdozentenführer" (English: "Reich lecturer leader"). He joined the Nazi Party in 1937 and the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) in 1938, attaining the SS rank of "Oberführer". As part of his SS membership, he was involved in the "Spitzeldienste", the network of political informants set up by the Nazi Party's intelligence organization, the "Sicherheitsdienst" (SD). Buntru survived the Second World War, and died in Aachen in 1974 at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="31072963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31072963" title="Ross-Johnson RJ-5">
Ross-Johnson RJ-5

The Ross-Johnson RJ-5 is a single seat competition glider that was designed by Harland Ross and constructed partially by Ross and finished by Dick Johnson. The RJ-5 became one of the most famous gliders ever built when Johnson flew it in 1951, setting a new world distance record that endured for 13 years.
Design and development.
The RJ-5 was conceived by Johnson, who contracted Ross to design and built a glider with record-setting performance. The aircraft utilizes a NACA 63 (2)-615 laminar flow airfoil and was one of the first gliders to achieve a 40:1 glide ratio.
Johnson asked Ross to build the RJ-5 in 1948. Ross completed the design work and much of the construction, with help from Stan Hall, but by 1950 the glider was still incomplete. Johnson took delivery of it, finishing work on it at Mississippi State University, and incorporated some design changes of his own.
The fuselage and tail were built from wood, with all-metal wings. The RJ-5 was designed to use a take-off dolly and land on its fixed skid. Johnson sold the aircraft to Graham Thompson, who in turn sold it to Brad Strauss. While Strauss owned it the aircraft was damaged and Strauss had Adrian Kisovec design a new metal fuselage and tail for the aircraft, after which it was designated the "RJK-5", acknowledging Kisovec's contributions. The aircraft was later sold to Dietrich Ennult and Rolf Bayer who modified it with a retractable monowheel landing gear from a Schweizer 1-34 and dive brakes, which somewhat lowered the performance. They subsequently donated it to the National Soaring Museum, who have since restored it to RJ-5 configuration with a new fuselage.
Only a single example was ever built and the aircraft is classified as an experimental amateur-built. Originally registered as "N3722C", the registration was later changed to "N79T".
Operational history.
Johnson took the newly completed RJ-5 to the US Nationals in 1950 and won the championship, a feat he duplicated with the aircraft in 1951, 1952 and 1954. He also set a US national distance to a declared goal record of , a US National distance record of , a triangle speed record of and the world distance record of .
After Graham Thompson purchased the aircraft from Johnson he placed second in the 1956 US Nationals flying the RJ-5. The next owner, Brad Strauss loaned it to Bernie Carris, who came in second in both the 1960 and 1963 US Nationals, the aircraft having been rebuilt into the RJK-5 by the second competition. Carris's second place finish in 1963 was just 8 points behind the aircraft's former owner, Dick Johnson, who was flying a Slingsby Skylark 4.

</doc>
<doc id="31073008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073008" title="Rebelde (Brazilian telenovela)">
Rebelde (Brazilian telenovela)

Rebelde or Rebel Rio! (English: "Rebel") is a Brazilian telenovela produced by Televisa and Rede Record. Written by Margareth Boury, the show is inspired by the original work created by Cris Morena. It is a remake of the Mexican telenovela "Rebelde", which in its turn was adapted from the original Argentine telenovela, "Rebelde Way".
The main cast is composed of Lua Blanco, Arthur Aguiar, Melanie Fronckowiak, Chay Suede, Sophia Abrahão and Micael Borges - six students in a school called "Elite Way" that form not only a close friendship, but a band.
Plot.
The Elite Way School is a prestigious college in the city of Rio de Janeiro. Students study in semi-boarding school regime, the difference in the original version, so they could be at home on weekends. A city cenográfica for these scenes were built in Ilha de Guaratiba. The College is composed of students from upper-class children of politicians, artists and entrepreneurs. There are also many young scholars. Many do not like the idea of studying there, but the music makes them change their minds, but is prohibited on the premises.
Roberta Messi (Lua Blanco) is the daughter of famous singer Eva Messi (Adriana Garambone), an independent woman who thinks that the girl is an adult and does not put limits. Alice Albuquerque has many quarrels with (Sophia Abrahão), daughter of the Franco Albuquerque (Luciano Szafir), even when their parents begin to have a relationship. Franco's daughter forgets to thank her very much resembles his ex-wife, who died in childbirth. Alice falls in love with Pedro (Micael Borges), who comes from a wealthy family who lost everything by the death of his father. Pedro wants to get through this, but cannot imagine that Franco has a daughter (Alice) of which he ends up falling in love with. He has one brother, Raul (Lucas Cotrim), the son of Bete (Claudia Lira), who is an ex-girlfriend of Franco, but Pedro does not know.
Victoria (Perola Faria) is Alice's best friend and is in love with Pedro, but the friendship ends when Alice discovers that she too was interested, this did not help. She is the sister of Professor Arthur (Daniel Erthal), but nobody knows. This leads her to be the best friend of Pilar (Rayana Carvalho), the daughter of director Jonas (Floriano Peixoto). It is believed the school director doesn't waste the opportunity to make life hell for everyone there. They have the help of João (Michel Gomes) to create a lodge, called Elite, to pursue college scholarships. João did so because they are in love with Pilar and she threatens to tell everyone that he does not live in the south of the city and her father Alceu (Antonio Pompeo) is an alcoholatra. João ashamed to say that living in the north, because it's not too long ago that his family had money thanks to the work of Lupicinio (Antonio Pitanga), his brother. He also lives with his mom Dalva (Zeze Motta) and his sister Beatrice (Juliana Xavier).
João is Diego's best friend (Arthur Aguiar), but they become enemies as he tries to help Diego with his drinking problem at such a young age. Diego is a playboy who's humiliated by his father Leonard (John Alba) whenever he can. He wants to become a renowned politician, but to avoid the scandals that follow. The even imagine that Diego will become the guitarist in a rock band and he will suffer many health problems because of alcohol. Leonardo has a big secret: an illegitimate daughter, who he would pay her monthly school fees. She is Marcia (Carla Diaz), who does her best to find out who this person is with the help of nerd Teo (Bernardo Falcone), who suffers bullying in the Elite Way. Envious, Pilar makes her think that her father is Franco.
And Leonardo will your adventures with the social climber Silvia (Cassia Linhares), since the advertising campaign believes will be a good business to have a rich woman on his side. Actually, Sylvia is a failed woman since her husband died and has since favors with his niece Deborah (Lisandra Parede) at the home of Ofelia (Eliana Gutmann), who controls the entire fortune of Thomas (Chay Suede), but believes that only the child will receive inheritance when she turns 21. Silvia hates work while Deborah is forced to work as a psychologist at the Elite Way.
Diego falls in love with Roberta, but she tires of his manhood and says that if he is interested, he cannot be with her. Roberta is a rebel because of a broken heart. His confidante is Luli (Andrea Avancini), Eve's assistant, who gives him advice. Now Thomas is mujierengo the rebels. All he wants is to enjoy life and go to the band to the attention of women. It has an affair with Victoria, what bothers Pilar, who will seduce him. Pilar, who had already forgotten about Peter, says he is in love with Diego because of an affair they had in the beginning of classes, but Diego did it to the attention of Roberta. But Thomas is going to fall in love with Carla (Mel Fronckwiak), a young and beautiful sculptural who suffers from anorexia and bulimia. She wants to be skinny to become a ballerina. Because no long exercises and eats almost anything, also suffers from anemia, which causes sudden fainting.
In the neighborhood where he lives João are also other characters. Teresa (Cristina Mullins), the cook and the school inspector, Pingo (Sylvio Meander), a fat man who loves rumors, Genaro (Edwin Luisi), an Italian restaurant with a lively, Cilene (Karen Marinho), a girl with OCD cleaning and Helena (Nanda Ziegler), the Assistant of Franco. He also lives there Professor Vicente (Eduardo Pires) who is idealistic and much admired by the students. Live in a republic with Arthur, Victoria and Carla, as well as Becky (Lana Rhodes), Carla's sister, who is going to love, but Deborah is going to pursue.
The music group Rebeldes.
Parallel to the fictional band created the rebels with the protagonists of the series: Lua Blanco (Roberta), Sophia Abraham (Alice), Mel Fronckowiak (Carla), Arthur Aguiar (Diego), Chay Suede (Thomas) and Michael Borges (Pedro). They interpreted the main themes of fiction that were heard during the episodes.
The band had great success thanks to the good ratings of the series in Brazil, where it was displayed.
RebeldeS
Discography and soundtrack.
The CD features fourteen new songs, was released only in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="31073023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073023" title="Abu `Urwah">
Abu `Urwah

Abu `Urwah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073039" title="Dylan Riley">
Dylan Riley

Dylan Riley (born November 17, 1986 in Thousand Oaks, California) is an American soccer player currently playing for Stallion FC in the United Football League.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Riley attended Thousand Oaks High School, and played four years of college soccer at California State University, Northridge, where he was a regular in the soccer team between 2006 and 2009.
During his college career and beyond, Riley played with USL Premier Development League club Ventura County Fusion, from 2007 through to the end of 2010. He was part of the Fusion team which won the 2009 USL PDL national championship.
Professional.
Riley signed his first professional contract in March 2011, joining USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads. He made his professional debut on April 17, 2011 in Wilmington's first game of the 2011 season, a 1-0 win over the Rochester Rhinos. Riley re-signed with Wilmington for the 2012 season on December 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31073045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073045" title="St. Vital Victorias">
St. Vital Victorias

The St. Vital Victorias are a Canadian junior ice hockey team currently based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. They are part of the Manitoba Major Junior Hockey League (MMJHL).
History.
The St. Vital Victorias were named in the memory of Company Sergeant-Major John Robert Osborn, V. C. Originally from Norfolk, England, Osborn settled in St. Vital and served with the 1st Battalion of the Winnipeg Grenadiers in World War II. On September 19, 1941, during an attack against the Japanese at Jardines Lookout and Mount Butler, Hong Kong, the enemy began to throw grenades. Osborn displayed the highest quality of heroism and sacrifice. After picking up several live grenades and hurling them back at the enemy, he threw himself on a grenade in order to save the lives of his comrades. Osborn was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross, the British Empire's highest military decoration for bravery and gallantry.
Set on a black hockey puck background, the white St. V. is joined with the red V for "Victorias". The positioning of the V's symbolizes the unity of the Junior Hockey team with affiliated Community Clubs, the AA Vic teams, and the community in general. The white colour of the St. V. symbolizes the purity associated with the name SAINT. The red V symbolizes the courage of the man whose confirmed honour promoted the name of the team. The flow action motion of the stylized letters symbolizes the spirit of the game of hockey, and, specifically, of Victoria teams.
The St. Vital Minor Hockey Association was created in 1972, to administer minor hockey in the area. Three years later, the Major Junior Victorias were formed, as the club joined the Manitoba Major Junior Hockey League (MMJHL) for the team's inaugural campaign in 1975-76. The 2007-08 season will mark the 33rd season of the Junior Victorias as a member of the ten-team MMJHL. The Juniors fall under the regulations of Hockey Manitoba, operating as a community-owned club. St. Vital is located in the south-eastern section of Winnipeg, with a population of approximately 54,000 people. The Association comprises the Dakota, Glenlee, Glenwood, Greendell, Norberry, and Windsor Community Centres.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="31073047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073047" title="Abu Hisani">
Abu Hisani

Abū Ḩişānī or Abū Ḩaşānī is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073048" title="Abu Qirfah">
Abu Qirfah

Abu Qirfah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073051" title="Abu Shu`ayb">
Abu Shu`ayb

Abu Shu`ayb is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073052" title="Ad Dabbah">
Ad Dabbah

Ad Dabbah is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073053" title="Ad Daff">
Ad Daff

Ad Daff is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073056" title="Ad Dawh">
Ad Dawh

Ad Dawh is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073058" title="Ad Dawh al Kabir">
Ad Dawh al Kabir

Ad Dawh al Kabir is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073059" title="Ad Dawh as Saghir">
Ad Dawh as Saghir

Ad Dawh as Saghir is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073060" title="Ad Dirs">
Ad Dirs

Ad Dirs is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073061" title="Ad Dur">
Ad Dur

Ad Dur is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073062" title="Al Adl">
Al Adl

Al Adl or Al `adl is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="31073072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073072" title="Genuine Ken">
Genuine Ken

Genuine Ken is a reality TV game show hosted by former MTV's "The Hills" and "The City" cast member Whitney Port where 8 male contestants compete to become "The Great American Boyfriend." The TV show's first season had Whitney Port and Lauren Bruksch (director of Barbie Marketing) as permanent judges and a different guest judge each week.
The reality game show aired in its first season on Hulu.

</doc>
<doc id="31073104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073104" title="Ricardo Porro">
Ricardo Porro

Ricardo Porro is a Cuban-born architect (b. 1925). He graduated in architecture from the Universidad de la Habana (University of Havana) in 1949, following which he spent two years in post-graduate studies at the Institute of Urbanism at the Sorbonne. By the mid-1950s, his work took on distinctive Organic tendencies. In 1957, Porro published a polemical article, "El sentido de la tradición", calling for a Cuban architecture that recognized the specificities of culture and history - “una arquitectura negra”. Shortly thereafter, Porro’s support for the Cuban Revolution caught up with him, and he was forced into exile when his subversive activities were discovered following the failed General Strike of 1957.
Porro fled to Venezuela in early 1958, where he taught architecture and worked in the "Banco Obrero" project led by famed architect Carlos Raúl Villanueva. While in Venezuela, Porro met two Italian expatriate architects: Roberto Gottardi and Vittorio Garatti. Following the victory of the Cuban Revolution, Porro returned to Cuba and in 1961 was designated by Fidel Castro as the head of design for Havana's new National Art Schools. Porro invited Gottardi and Garatti to join him in the project, for which he designed the School of Modern Dance and the School of Plastic Arts.
In 1966, Porro fled in exile to France following a political realignment in Cuba, a shift which deemed the architecture and architects of Cuba's National Art Schools to be a politically incorrect counter to the Soviet Functionalist building style that was rapidly gaining dominance in the country. Once in Europe, Porro taught classes in Paris, Lille and Strasbourg on the history of art and architecture. He also collaborated on extensive architectural works in France from the 1980s through the first decade of the 21st century, particularly educational institutions in Île-De-France. Today, Porro lives in Paris, practices architecture, and creates art.

</doc>
<doc id="31073115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073115" title="Iulia Olteanu">
Iulia Olteanu

Iulia Olteanu (née Negură; born 26 January 1967) is a Romanian former long-distance runner who competed in cross country, track and road running events.
She made her breakthrough on the international scene with consecutive wins at the IAAF World Women's Road Race Championships in 1990 and 1991. She helped Romania to a number of team medals at the IAAF World Half Marathon Championships and IAAF World Cross Country Championships, and also ran in the 10,000 metres at two editions of the IAAF World Championships in Athletics as well as the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Olteanu was the silver medallist at the 1994 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, setting a lifetime best of 1:09:15. She was victorious at the 1996 European Cross Country Championships but was stripped of her title as she had failed a test for the steroid stanozolol and received a two-year competitive ban for doping. After her ban had expired, she was again selected for the Romanian cross country and half marathon teams, but failed to medal. She competed in her first marathon in 2002 but retired from international competition in 2003.
Among her other achievements are two consecutive 10,000 m titles at the Summer Universiade, as well as circuit wins at the Great South Run, Sapporo Half Marathon and the Chiba and Fukuoka Cross Country meetings.
Career.
Early career.
Born Iulia Negură in Piatra Neamţ, Romania, she made her debut at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 1987, coming in 50th place. She made her breakthrough three years later with a twelfth place finish at the 1990 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, followed by a win at the IAAF World Women's Road Race Championships. She took a road win at the Foulées de Suresnes over 10 km in October. She made her global track debut at the 1991 World Championships in Athletics in Tokyo where she was 17th over 10,000 metres. She also managed three national titles over that distance in her career. She took a second world title over 15 km at the 1991 Women's Road Championships.
World and Olympic competition.
In 1992 she reached the top twenty at the 1992 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and also ran at the newly inaugurated IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, where she was tenth overall. Among her appearances on the circuit that year was a win over 10 miles at the Great South Run in Portsmouth. She won the race for a second time the next year and improved upon her previous position at the 1993 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, finishing the race in seventh to help Romania to the women's team title with Elena Murgoci and Anuţa Cătună. She represented Romania in the 10,000 m at the 1993 World Championships in Athletics, coming sixteenth.
She was first at the 1994 Marseille-Cassis Classique Internationale and set a course record of 1:10:32. Olteanu ran a personal best of 1:09:15 for the half marathon event at the 1994 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships to take the silver medal behind Elana Meyer, as well as leading the Romanian women to a second consecutive team title. At the 20 Kilomètres de Paris in October she won in a time of 1:08:04. She was studying at university during this period and as a student she won the Summer Universiade titles in the 10,000 m in 1993 and 1995, as well a gold medal at the 1994 FISU Cross Country Championships.
She was 29th in the long race at the 1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, sharing in the team bronze medal, while her eleventh place finish at the 1995 European Cross Country Championships brought Romania the team silver medals at that event. Olteanu ran at the 1995 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships but did not manage to finish the race on that occasion. At the beginning of 1996 she won the Chiba International Cross Country in Japan. She took twelfth place at the 1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, helping Romania to another team bronze, and made her Olympic debut on the track in August. Setting a career best mark of 31:26.46 minutes, she came eighth in the women's 10,000 m at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics.
Stripped title and doping ban.
Olteanu ended the year with her first win at a major continental competition, taking the gold medal at the 1996 European Cross Country Championships. However, her performance did not stand as she had failed an out-of-competition drug test in early December, two weeks before the event. She received a four-year ban from competition for her use of stanozolol (a performance-enhancing steroid. Her ban came at a time when numerous Romanian athletes were punished for doping infractions, marking a determined effort by Iolanda Balaş, the president of the Romanian Athletics Federation (FRA), to clean up the national athletics scene. In spite of this, the FRA opted to give Olteanu a two-year ban for her failed test, superseding the longer four-year ban set in place by the International Association of Athletics Federations. She became eligible for competition again in December 1998.
Later career.
She made her international return at the 1999 European Cross Country Championships and helped Romania to the team silver alongside Constantina Diţă. Her efforts were principally focused on cross country over this period: she won the Fukuoka International Cross Country in 2000 and ran in both the long and short races at the 2000 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, finishing 46th in the long race and 21st over the shorter distance. The following year she won both the Chiba and Fukuoka races in Japan at the beginning of 2001, going on to place fifteenth in the short race at the 2001 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. After taking the national title in the half marathon, she ran at that year's World Half Marathon Championships and came 22nd in the rankings. She also competed on the Japanese road circuit in 2001 and was third at both the Sapporo Half Marathon and Kyoto Half Marathon.
Olteanu decided to make a change up to the marathon distance in 2002 and she finished the Vienna City Marathon in a time of 2:40:14 hours, placing sixth. The 2003 season saw her final year of international competition: despite a win at the national half marathon championships, she failed to finish the race at the World Championships that year.

</doc>
<doc id="31073116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073116" title="Andrew Hull">
Andrew Hull

Andrew Hull was a Canadian born film maker, film director and architect. Born Andrew Mackenzie Hull, August 15, 1963, Oshawa, Ontario, Canada and died May 8, 2010 in London.
Early life.
Andrew Hull was the youngest of three children born to Ralph Hull, psychiatrist, and Margot Finley, artist. He spent his childhood in Ann Arbor, Michigan and Peterborough, Ontario, attended Lakefield College School as a boy, and studied architecture at Carleton University, Ottawa. During his studies in 1989 he won the AIA/ACSA Research Council-Otis Elevator International Student Competition for his mixed-use commercial, retail and residential design for a development in historic London. Despite this accolade his interests shifted to film and video. Being one of the first students to work with video at the School of Architecture, he graduated with an experimental video work about a cryptic symbol of a traced hand that appears in the urban environment. This first completed video marked his move from architecture into narrative film.
Film career.
While working as an architect in Paris in 1991, Andrew Hull was invited to Germany by Carleton University colleagues Stephen Kovats and Ian Johnston to work on video and animation projects and to mentor students of the Bauhaus Dessau's international and multi-disciplinary 'Experimental Studio Dessau North'. In 1992 he was co-commissioned by the 'Werkstatt Industrielles Gartenreich' of the Bauhaus Dessau Foundation to make a documentary video about the 'Kulturpalast Bitterfeld', a Socialist Utopian model project of the German Democratic Republic, built in 1954. His collaborator in this video project was Stephen Kovats, media researcher, architect and artistic director of Transmediale. The film was entitled “Pay No Attention to the Man Behind the Curtain”. As a result of this collaboration, Hull moved to Germany, living first in Dessau, later in Berlin. He made films during this period and taught at the Bauhaus Dessau in the newly created Electronic Media Interpretation Studio. Hull's films from this time explored the genres of horror and comedy, the real and the fictional; they also documented and questioned the strained political and social transformations taking place in Germany after the fall of the Berlin Wall. In Dessau he made “Earworm”, a forty-three minute film funded by both German and Canadian Arts Councils that told the story of a group of anarchist Karaoke enthusiasts gripped by a mysterious virus that causes an addiction to techno music and a taste for sucking the inner ear out of unsuspecting victims. The film could be read as a metaphor and biting satire on the paranoia of communist era East Germany, intertwined with the politics around HIV/AIDS, and the growing gay underground club and rave scene in Germany in the late eighties and early nineties. Hull also presented the video installation “Berlin Alexanderplatz” at the Ostranenie International Video Festival at the Bauhaus Dessau.
In 1996 Andrew Hull returned to Canada and lived in Toronto until 2008. While working as an Art Director in the Canadian/US Film and Television industry, he wrote and directed several of his own short films. “Dizzy” (Winner of Best Short at the Long Island Gay and Lesbian Film Festival in 2003) and “That Thing We Do” (Winner of Best Short at the Tampa International Gay and Lesbian Film Festival in 2004) were made with assistance from the Canada Council for the Arts and the Ontario Arts Council and were coming-of-age stories directly based on his own experiences and diaristic writings. In 2003, Hull was one of eight students invited to enter the Director's Program at the Norman Jewison created Canadian Film Centre (CFC), Canada's foremost school for advanced training in film, television and new media. He graduated in 2004 with the short film “Squeezebox”, a tragicomedy starring Canadian cult rock heroine, actress and singer-songwriter Mary Margaret O'Hara. The film is the story of a teen accordion prodigy who struggles to reunite the family band after his father's suicide. “Rewind”, a five minute film made shortly after Hull's graduation from the Canadian Film Centre, paid homage to film noir and was loosely based on Martin Amis' book “Time's Arrow”. All of Hull's films from this period went on to tour at film festivals around the globe.
In 2008 Andrew re-located to London UK to be with his life partner, contemporary artist and painter, Shaan Syed, and to begin production on his first feature film, “Siren”, co-written with Canadian-born, US-based screenwriter Geoffrey Gunn. "Siren", a horror / thriller genre film is an allegory on the Greek myth of the siren, and tells the tale of three friends whose lives are forever changed when they stop to rescue a beautiful young woman on a remote island. The film was produced by UK-based Poisson Rouge Pictures and was shot in Tunisia during the summer of 2009. The film's soundtrack features and is based on the Los Angeles all-girl group Warpaint's song, "Elephants". It premiered on November 11, 2010 at Abertoir Film Festival in Wales, UK to critical acclaim and was subsequently bought by Lionsgate to be released to DVD in March 2011.
Death.
Andrew Hull died at the Royal London Hospital on May 8, 2010 of a head injury as a result of a fall from his bicycle. Hull was at the time close to finishing a final edit on his newest short film “Breaking and Entering”, shot in Toronto in 2008. The film is a story of a young man coming to terms with the death of his father, and is based on the short story of the same name by Canadian author Andrew Pyper. The film was subsequently completed by the Estate of Andrew Hull.
Representation.
Andrew Hull was a member of the Director's Guild of Canada. His short films are distributed by the Canadian Film Maker's Distribution Centre (CFMDC) and V tape, both in Toronto. “Siren” is distributed by Lionsgate.
Posthumous Artist tributes and works.
London-based choreographer and artistic director of Dance Art Foundation, Joe Moran dedicated his piece “Score for 30 Dancers” to Andrew Hull. It was presented on May 27, 2010 as part of “From Morning”, a day of dance and performance curated by London-based dancer and choreographer, Florence Peak. The piece was performed by thirty of the UK's most prominent dance artists and was made in response to an invitation to create a new site-specific work that spoke to the distinct architecture of Nicholas Hawksmoor's Christ Church, Spitalfields in the East End of London, the neighbourhood where Hull lived and died from 2008 to 2010.
London-based Dutch contemporary artist, Magali Reus, in the final credit of her 2010 video work “Finish”, dedicated the piece to Andrew MacKenzie Hull. The short work was premiered at Galerie Fons Welters in Amsterdam in July 2010 as part of a solo exhibition of sculpture and video titled "Weekend" and featured five athletes/actors racing against the backdrop of an ocean beach. Reus had previously featured Hull in her video “Conflicting Shadows” (2009) as the main actor playing an ambiguous street patroller at night.
In November 2010, Andrew Hull's life partner, artist Shaan Syed, began “The Andrew Project”, a street-poster campaign featuring one thousand identical line drawings of Andrew's portrait posted throughout Toronto, the city in which the couple first met in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31073129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073129" title="Aprutino Pescarese">
Aprutino Pescarese

Aprutino Pescarese PDO is a Protected Designation of Origin (PDO) olive oil, produced in the Province of Pescara, in the Abruzzo Regione. It is among the first group of Italian extra virgin olive oils to gain the PDO.
Organoleptic traits.
Aprutino Pescarese PDO has the following traits:

</doc>
<doc id="31073135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073135" title="OTC Tool Company">
OTC Tool Company

OTC Tool Company was founded in Owatonna, Minnesota by Godfrey Kaplan, who operated a small machine shop. Automobiles were new with few tools created for them yet. Kaplan's son Rueben, invented the "Grip-O-Matic" universal gear puller and received his first patent. The tool remains virtually unchanged to this day.
By 1934, OTC was selling a variety of mechanic's tools to farmers and service stations. The tools were sold directly to the customer from makeshift display boards fitted into panel trucks or converted autos. When World War II broke out in 1939, the U.S. Army and Navy bought large quantities of OTC tools and by 1945, the company had doubled its staff. In 1950, Kaplan began work in ultra-high-pressure fluid power technology, a new technology for hydraulics manufacturers of the day. One development was a twin-cylinder ram that operated at 10,000 psi--much higher than any other devices of the day.
By 1985, OTC had an extensive line of tools and systems for both OEM and aftermarket customers. That success led to its acquisition by Sealed Power Corporation (now SPX Corporation) of Muskegon, MI.
OTC is a global supplier of vehicle electronic diagnostic instruments; fuel systems service tools; special service tools; general purpose tools; pullers; heavy-duty tools; shop equipment and hydraulic components.

</doc>
<doc id="31073151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073151" title="2000–01 Valencia CF season">
2000–01 Valencia CF season

Valencia CF once again reached the Champions League final. Finishing only 5th in La Liga, Valencia focused most of its resources on the international competition, a late goal from new signing John Carew helping them knock Arsenal out of the tournament in the quarter finals. The semis consisted of going against Leeds United, not present at that level for more than 25 years. Winning 3-0 at home following the goalless draw in the first match, "Los Che" became one of the relatively few clubs reaching consecutive finals, facing Bayern Munich.
In the final itself, Valencia got a penalty kick straightaway, which was converted by captain Gaizka Mendieta. A few minutes later Mehmet Scholl failed to convert a penalty, which Santiago Cañizares saved, but Stefan Effenberg later scored from a second penalty kick. The penalty taking was not over, since the result was 1-1 after extra time, and Bayern got the upper hand in the shootout, with Valencia coming agonizingly close to becoming the third Spanish club to win the Champions League.
Following the end of the season, Gaizka Mendieta was sold to Lazio for a club-record fee. Coach Héctor Cúper was recruited by Inter to break their title drought, being replaced by surprise choice Rafael Benítez.

</doc>
<doc id="31073155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073155" title="Jack Avesyan">
Jack Avesyan

Hakop "Jack" Avesyan (born 22 September 1988 in United States of America is an American/Armenian footballer currently playing for Sacramento Republic FC in USL Pro.
Career.
Youth and amateur.
Avesyan was born in the United States, and grew up in Hollywood, California. He attended La Canada High School. After high school, Avesyan played for USL Premier Development League club Ventura County Fusion from 2009 through to the end of 2010., helping the team to the 2009 USL PDL championship.
Professional.
Avesyan signed his first professional contract in March 2011, joining USL Pro club Wilmington Hammerheads. He made his professional debut on 7 May 2011, coming on as a second half substitute in a 2-1 loss to the Richmond Kickers, and scored his first professional goal on 21 May in a 3-0 win over the Charleston Battery. Avesyan re-signed with Wilmington for the 2012 season on 7 December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31073216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073216" title="Monticchio">
Monticchio

Monticchio is an Italian hamlet ("frazione") belonging to the municipalities of Rionero in Vulture and Atella, in the Province of Potenza, Basilicata. The village is divided into 3 zones: Monticchio Laghi (part of Atella), Monticchio Bagni and Monticchio Sgarroni (both in Rionero).
History.
First inhabited by the Normans, that occupied the ancient castle near Sgarroni ("Castrum Monticuli"), it became, in the second half of 19th century, a strategic point for brigands after Italian unification. It was the shelter for some brigands as Carmine Crocco and his subordinates "Ninco Nanco" (Giuseppe Summa), Giuseppe Caruso, Teodoro Gioseffi and Giovanni Fortunato. Nowadays it is a touristic place receptive for its natural environment and for mineral waters, due to the presence of some extinct volcanoes.
Geography.
Monticchio is part of the Vulture region and lies near the borders with the Province of Avellino, Campania. The 3 tiny villages composing it are located in west of Mount Vulture and few km away from each other. A regional road links Monticchio Bagni and Monticchio Laghi.
Monticchio is 13 km far from Melfi, 16 km from Rionero in Vulture, 22 from Atella, 68 from Potenza, 71 from Foggia and 123 from Avellino.
Economy.
The economy of Monticchio is mainly based on tourism and agriculture. Local industry is based on the export of the mineral waters, owned by the Italian companies Gaudianello (based in Melfi) and Fonti del Vulture (based in Rionero). This second company has a local factory that produces the waters "Toka", "Solaria" and "Felicia".

</doc>
<doc id="31073217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073217" title="Grantley Berkeley">
Grantley Berkeley

The Honourable George Charles Grantley Fitzhardinge Berkeley (10 February 1800 – 20 February 1881), known as Grantley Berkeley, was a British politician, writer and sportsman.
Background and education.
Berkeley was the sixth son of Frederick Berkeley, 5th Earl of Berkeley, by Mary Cole, daughter of William Cole. He was the brother of William Berkeley, 1st Earl FitzHardinge, Maurice Berkeley, 1st Baron FitzHardinge, Henry FitzHardinge Berkeley, Thomas Berkeley, 6th Earl of Berkeley and Craven Berkeley and the nephew of Sir George Cranfield-Berkeley. He was educated at Corpus Christi College and the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst. He joined the Coldstream Guards and afterwards the 82nd Regiment of Foot.
Political career.
Berkeley sat as Member of Parliament for Gloucestershire West from 1832 to 1852 as a Whig. In 1836 he proposed the admission of ladies to the gallery of the House of Commons; this was granted in 1841. After 1852 he devoted himself largely to field sports and writing.
Writings.
Berkeley was the author of a number of books, including "Berkeley Castle", "Sandron Hall, or the Days of Queen Anne" (1840), and "My Life and Recollections", 4 volumes, (1865–66).
Duel.
In 1836, Berkeley assaulted magazine publisher James Fraser over a review he published in "Fraser's Magazine" of "Berkeley Castle". He subsequently fought a duel with the review's author William Maginn. Three rounds of shots were fired, but no one was struck.
Family.
Berkeley married Caroline Martha Benfield (1804–1873), daughter of Paul Benfield (1741–1810) and wife Mary Frances, née Swinburne (1771–1828), on 16 August 1824. Their two sons Swinburne and Edward died in 1865 and 1878 respectively. Berkeley died on 20 February 1881, aged 81.

</doc>
<doc id="31073225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073225" title="Pain fitzJohn">
Pain fitzJohn

Pain fitzJohn (sometimes Payn fitzJohn, Payn FitzJohn, or Pagan fitzJohn; died 1137) was an Anglo-Norman nobleman and administrator, one of King Henry I of England's "new men", who owed their positions and wealth to the king. Pain's family originated in Normandy, but there is little to suggest that he had many ties there, and he appears to have spent most of his career in England and the Welsh Marches. A son of a minor nobleman, he rose through ability to become an important royal official during Henry's reign. In 1115 he was rewarded with marriage to an heiress, thereby gaining control of the town of Ludlow and its castle, which he augmented with further acquisitions.
Although later medieval traditions described Pain as a chamberlain to King Henry, that position is not securely confirmed in contemporary records. He did hold other offices though, including that of sheriff in two counties near the border between England and Wales. In his capacity as a royal justice Pain also heard legal cases for the king throughout much of western England.
After King Henry's death in 1135 Pain supported Henry's nephew, King Stephen, and was with the new king throughout 1136. In July 1137 Pain was ambushed by the Welsh and killed as he was leading a relief expedition to the garrison at Carmarthen. His heirs were his daughters, Cecily and Agnes. Cecily married the son of one of Pain's close associates, Miles of Gloucester. Pain was generous in his gifts of land to a number of monastic houses.
Family background.
Pain was a son, likely the eldest, of John fitzRichard, a tenant-in-chief listed in "Domesday Book". John may have had two wives, therefore the identity of Pain's mother is uncertain. On the basis of landholding, it has been speculated that Pain's mother was a daughter of Ralph Mortimer, who held Wigmore in "Domesday Book". As well as being a moneyer, Pain's paternal grandfather, who came from near Avranches in Normandy, owned a mill. Pain's brother, Eustace fitzJohn, became a royal official who owned lands in the north of England. His other siblings included William, Alice and Agnes. William was probably the same William who later held Harptree in Somerset, and in 1130 was a royal justice in western England. Alice was the abbess of Barking Abbey and Agnes became the wife of Roger de Valognes.
Pain was born some time before 1100. His father may have been in the service of King Henry in Normandy before Henry became king. The family lands in England, which were not extensive, were mainly in East Anglia, and Pain appears to have inherited most of them; his payment for danegeld, a tax, in 1130 for his East Anglian properties was 40 shillings, compared to only 9 shillings for his brother Eustace.
Marriage and lands.
All accounts agree that Pain married in 1115 and that his wife was named Sybil, although the identity of Sybil's parents is unclear. Pain's "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" entry states that he married Sybil Talbot, the niece of Hugh de Lacy. The "Complete Peerage" states that he married Sybil, the daughter of Geoffrey Talbot and Talbot's wife Agnes, who was herself probably the daughter of Walter de Lacy. The historian K. S. B. Keats-Rohan states that Pain married Sybil de Lacy, the daughter of Hugh de Lacy, a view shared by fellow historians Judith Green and Paul Dalton. Others such as Bruce Coplestone-Crow and David Crouch agree with the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography"s designation of Sybil as Hugh's niece, and daughter of Geoffrey Talbot and Agnes, the sister of Hugh de Lacy.
King Henry and King Stephen recognized Pain as the legitimate holder of the lands acquired through his wife Sybil. Her kinsman Gilbert de Lacy was the son of Roger de Lacy, who had been banished from England in 1095 and his English estates confiscated; he had though retained his properties in Normandy. Roger's English possessions were given to his brother Hugh de Lacy, from whom Sybil had inherited them. On Roger's death Gilbert inherited the lands in Normandy, and pressed his claim to the family's former English estates. Coplestone-Crow speculates that the uncertainty hanging over the inheritance was one reason why Pain endeavoured to secure more lands around Ludlow.
Pain is the presumed builder of Pain's Castle in the Welsh county of Radnor. He also controlled Caus Castle in Shropshire, and through his wife Ludlow Castle in the same county. Although he held the title to Weobley Castle, he does not appear to have exercised any control over it, which eventually went to Gilbert de Lacy. Pain was not the only recipient of Hugh de Lacy's lands; some went to Jocelin de Dinan and some to Miles of Gloucester. Pain's share included property in Gloucestershire, Herefordshire, and Worcestershire, and he succeeded in acquiring additional lands near Ludlow, adding to the manors he held there through his wife; his holdings of land were considered to be worth 17 knights fees. By 1130 he had evidently acquired additional properties in Oxfordshire, where he is recorded as being excused payment of danegeld that year.
Career.
Under Henry I.
Pain was too young to serve King William Rufus, but according to the later 12th-century writings of Walter Map he may have been a chamberlain—one of the officials in charge of the royal household—for William's brother, King Henry I (reigned 1100–1135). There is no contemporary evidence for Pain having held that office and nor is it likely, given Map's story, that Pain was involved with Henry's financial affairs; rather it appears that if indeed he was a chamberlain, he was a body servant. Map relates a story about Pain serving the king personally at night, providing Henry with wine if the king called for it. The story continues that Pain once drank the wine and was caught out by Henry when the king subsequently demanded his nightcap. Map finishes the story by saying that the king then ordered that Pain should be given wine every night while awaiting the king's pleasure. Although the story is unlikely to be true in all details, it suggests that Pain's service to the king was personal as well as judicial and governmental. Other evidence against Map's claim that Pain was a chamberlain is that he never attested a royal charter in that office.
The author of the "Gesta Stephani" described Pain as having been a page at Henry's court, stating that he owed his position to being one of the "special and very intimate friends of King Henry" and that although Pain had been "taken into service as [one of his court pages", it appears likely that the three fitzJohn brothers—Pain, Eustace and William—worked to advance each other's careers, as they are frequently found witnessing, or attesting, the same charters and other royal documents.
In 1115, Pain was a witness to a charter of confirmation that King Henry issued to Geoffrey de Clive, the Bishop of Hereford, issued in the Welsh Marches. Sometime between 1123 and 1127 he was appointed Sheriff of Herefordshire, and in 1127 became Sheriff of Shropshire also. He held the sheriffdoms of Hereford and Shropshire at least until 1136, and probably until his death. Pain is also often termed the king's "viceregent" or "justiciar" for those counties, and he had the custody of King Henry's prisoner, Waleran of Melun, from September 1126 until late 1126, when Waleran was moved to Wallingford Castle and the custody of Brian fitzCount.
Pain was one of Henry's "new men", who owed their positions and wealth to the king. The medieval writer Orderic Vitalis described them as a group as "of base stock who had served him well, raised them, so to say, from the dust" and that the king "stationed them above earls and famous castellans". Although Orderic stated that the families of these men were not considered high status, this likely was an exaggeration on the chronicler's part. Pain's family was respectable enough, as his father held a number of properties directly from the king. It appears that Pain did not always take the king's side; the historian C. Warren Hollister has argued that Pain was not among the supporters of Henry's only surviving legitimate child, Matilda, in 1126, when Henry had his nobility swear that they would recognise her as his heiress. Hollister feels that the removal of Waleran from Pain's custody was a sign that Pain had not supported Matilda.
Pain consolidated much of his power in Shropshire and Herefordshire at Bridgnorth Castle, often using that site as a place of business in preference to Shrewsbury, which had previously been the main centre of business for his predecessors as sheriff. As well as Waleran, Pain imprisoned a Welsh hostage there in 1128, Llywelyn ab Owain, the nephew of Maredudd ap Bleddyn, ruler of the Welsh principality of Powys. Besides Bridgnorth, Pain used his possession of Ludlow Castle to consolidate his power in the Welsh Marches. During Henry's reign, the Welsh border was a zone of frequent raids and conflict between the Anglo-Normans and the Welsh.
The "Gesta Stephani" indicates that Pain, along with Miles of Gloucester, was a major landholder in the western part of England, and the pair managed to dominate justice in that region. According to the document the two men "raised their power to such a pitch that from the Severn to the sea, all along the border between England and Wales, they involved everyone in litigation and forced services." The later medieval writer Gerald of Wales called Miles and Pain "secretaries and privy councillors of the king".
The 1130 Pipe Roll noted that Pain was a royal justice in Staffordshire, Gloucestershire, and Pembroke. Besides the ordinary court, Pain also heard cases relating to the forest law in those counties. The Pipe Roll does not record Pain as sheriff in Shropshire, but this is likely due to the fact that the Shropshire returns for that year are missing from it. Also in 1130, Pain was consulted by the king about the appointment to a vacant bishopric. The Diocese of Hereford had been vacant since the death of Richard de Capella in August 1127, and the king consulted with Pain and the constable of Hereford before accepting their candidate—Robert de Bethune, the prior of Llanthony Priory. In 1132 Pain was present, along with his brother, at the Christmas court held by King Henry. Subsequently Caus Castle, which was under Pain's control, was burnt by the Welsh in 1134. As lord of Caus, Pain was involved in efforts to suppress Welsh raiding. Although Pain held Caus, his title to the fortification was unclear, as it had earlier been held by Robert Corbet.
By the end of Henry's reign, Pain had witnessed over 60 royal charters for the king, spanning a period from around 1115 until 1135. Although Pain witnessed a large number of royal documents, this activity took place mostly in England, as few of the documents he witnessed were drawn up while the king was in Normandy. As a reward for his service, Henry gave Pain the lordships of Ewias Lacy and Archenfield, both in Wales.
Under Stephen.
Following King Henry's death in 1135, the succession was disputed between the king's nephews—Stephen and his elder brother, Theobald II, Count of Champagne—and Henry's surviving legitimate child Matilda, usually known as the Empress Matilda because of her first marriage to the Holy Roman Emperor, Henry V. King Henry's only legitimate son, William, had died in 1120. After Matilda was widowed in 1125, she returned to her father, who married her to Geoffrey, Count of Anjou. All the magnates of England and Normandy were required to declare fealty to Matilda as Henry's heir, but when Henry I died in 1135, Stephen rushed to England and had himself crowned before either Theobald or Matilda could react. The Norman barons accepted Stephen as Duke of Normandy, and Theobald contented himself with his possessions in France. Matilda, though, was less sanguine, and secured the support of the Scottish king, David, who was her maternal uncle, and in 1138 also that of her half-brother, Robert, Earl of Gloucester, an illegitimate son of Henry I.
On Henry's death in December 1135, Pain attended the king's funeral. Pain was an early supporter of King Stephen, although he was said initially to have been afraid to appear at Stephen's court for fear of being confronted by those he had oppressed. Nevertheless Pain was with the new king by early January 1136, when he witnessed one of Stephen's documents, dated to around 4 January 1136, at Reading. By Easter, both Pain and his brother Eustace had formally submitted to the king. Pain witnessed a royal charter at Oxford in April 1136. The king rewarded the brothers by continuing to appoint them to judicial functions, and confirmed grants made by them to various religious houses.
After Henry's death, the Welsh attempted to drive out the Norman lords who had been extending their control into Wales during Henry's reign. Pain was with King Stephen at the siege of Exeter from June to August 1136, early in the king's reign. Crouch argues that Stephen did not at that time trust Pain, and kept him at the siege to more easily monitor his actions, and to prevent him from defecting to Matilda's cause.
Relations with the Church.
In 1119 Pope Callixtus II addressed letters to a group of Anglo-Norman landholders in the Welsh Marches, including Pain, accusing them of having appropriated the lands of the Diocese of Llandaff and ordering their return. Pain was among a group of nobles similarly accused by Pope Honorius II in 1128. Honorius once again ordered the nobles to restore to the Church lands they had confiscated.
Pain gave lands to Llanthony Priory, helping to establish the endowment of that monastic house, although it is difficult to distinguish his gifts from those of Hugh de Lacy, as the monks of Llanthony grouped the gifts of both men together in their records. In addition Pain granted lands to Gloucester Abbey, which had benefited from the generosity of his father and brother, as did his wife Sybil, together with other grants to her uncle the abbot. She also gave to two churches in Hereford: St Peter and St Guthlac.
Death and legacy.
On 10 July 1137 Pain was killed by a javelin blow to the head, during an ambush by the Welsh as he was leading a relief expedition to the garrison at Carmarthen. He was buried in Gloucester Abbey, following a funeral service conducted by Robert de Bethune. A number of barons from the Welsh Marches attended, including Miles of Gloucester. Pain's widow continued to hold Ludlow Castle until the middle of 1139, when she was forced to surrender it to King Stephen. Stephen then gave Sybil in marriage to Jocelin de Dinan, who consequently acquired Ludlow Castle through his new wife, setting up the background to Gilbert Lacy's attempts to seize Ludlow from Dinan on which the medieval Welsh romance work "Fouke le Fitz Waryn" is based.
Pain's heirs were his two daughters, Cecily and Agnes. His heir male was his brother, Eustace fitzJohn. The two daughters were married five times in total; Cecily married three times but failed to produce any direct heirs. Her first husband was Roger, the son of Miles of Gloucester. Pain arranged Cecily and Roger's marriage. The marriage contract specified that Roger would inherit all of Pain's lands, but as result of the latter's death the marriage was not contracted until December 1137, when King Stephen confirmed the terms of the settlement. The king also settled the bulk of the inheritance on Cecily, which led to disturbances and a minor war among disappointed claimants. Agnes married Warin de Munchensy and after his death Haldenald de Bidun. She died after 1185, by which time she was described as a widow.
The historian W. E. Wrightman described Pain as a "second-class baron and first-class civil servant".

</doc>
<doc id="31073235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073235" title="Kattenvenne">
Kattenvenne

Kattenvenne is a village in Germany (Northrhine-Westphalia) about 10 km from Münster.
History.
The name Kattenvenne is first mentioned in a contract of the year 836 in which it is called "Hadunveni"(Latin). A second mentioning is found in a document of 1312. In the Middle Ages Kattenvenne was known for its peat moors. In the 18th century 23 farms were documented here.
The very first development of the village followed the construction of the railroad between Münster and Osnabrück (1868–1871). Some prisoners of the French-German War (1870) must have been working here, too. In 1873 the Kattenvenne railway station was built. The first stone of the church was laid in 1887 and the building was finished in the following year. Already at Christmas 1887 the first service was held in the unfinished building by Pastor Philipps. In 1897 a tower was added on the front of the church. 
Since the end of the 19th century economy developed rapidly. As a consequence the population more than tripled within the next 130 years, even though 400 persons emigrated to North America and 230 died in the two world wars.
Sports.
The Kattenvenne handball team TVK 1927 plays in the North Rhine-Westphalia Pampers League.
References.
Hunsche F.E.: Lienen am Teutoburger Wald; Lengericher Handelsdruckerei, 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="31073243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073243" title="Saudi Wildlife Authority">
Saudi Wildlife Authority

The Saudi Wildlife Commission (SWC) was established in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="31073251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073251" title="List of UN numbers 3401 to 3500">
List of UN numbers 3401 to 3500

The UN numbers from UN3401 to UN3500 as assigned by the United Nations Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods.

</doc>
<doc id="31073270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31073270" title="Skopje 2014">
Skopje 2014

Skopje 2014 () is a project financed by the Government of the Republic of Macedonia, with the main ideology being based on that of the ruling party VMRO-DPMNE, with the purpose of giving the capital Skopje a more classical appeal by the year 2014. The project, officially announced in 2010, consists mainly of the construction of museums and government buildings, as well as the erection of monuments depicting historical figures from the region of Macedonia. Around 20 buildings and over 40 monuments are planned to be constructed as part of the project.
The project has been criticized for constructing nationalistic historicist kitsch. Skopje 2014 has also generated controversy for its cost, for which estimates range from 80 to 500 million euros.
Background.
The 1963 Skopje earthquake destroyed approximately 80% of the city, including most of the neoclassical buildings in the central part of Skopje. The rebuilding that followed saw the construction of mostly plain Socialist architecture. This is a main reason given by the government for the necessity of the project, to give Skopje a more monumental and visually pleasing image. Some of the project does consist of reconstructions of buildings destroyed or significantly damaged in the earthquake. This includes the national theatre, the old city hall, and Kale Fortress.
In a speech at the opening of Porta Macedonia in January 2012, Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski stated that Skopje 2014 was his idea.
Criticism.
The Skopje 2014 project has been criticized by various groups since the time it was first announced. The cost of the project is estimated at anywhere from 80 to more than 500 million euros and is seen by many as a waste of resources in a country with high unemployment and poverty. The project is also believed by critics to be a distraction from these problems.
The Social Democratic Union of Macedonia, the main opposition party, opposes the project and has alleged that the monuments could have cost six to ten times less than what the government paid.
The project is seen as a part of the government's "antiquisation" policy, in which the country seeks to claim ancient Macedonian figures like Alexander the Great and Philip II of Macedon for itself and denying the Greek heritage of the figures. The timing of the project, following the country's non-invitation to NATO due to its continued naming dispute with Greece, has led to speculation that it is retaliation or an attempt to put pressure on Greece.
Sam Vaknin, a former adviser to Nikola Gruevski, has stated that the project is not anti-Greek or anti-Bulgarian, but anti-Albanian. In an interview, he said "Antiquisation has a double goal, which is to marginalise the Albanians and create an identity that will not allow Albanians to become Macedonians." The project also lacked depictions of any ethnic Albanians in the planned monuments. This was changed with the later addition of statues of Nexhat Agolli, Josif Bageri, and Pjetër Bogdani, and the construction of Skanderbeg Square.
Architects have criticized the aesthetics of the project and believe the money could have been spent on constructing modern buildings. It has also been described as kitsch.
Plans.
Bridges.
New bridge constructions.
Art Bridge.
The Skopje 2014 project calls for two new pedestrian bridges to be built across the Vardar in the centre of the city. One is the Art Bridge, which is being constructed between the Freedom Bridge and the also under-construction Eye Bridge. It is expected to cost 2.5 million euros. The bridge will include 29 sculptures, with 14 at each end and one in the centre. It will be 83 metres (272.3 feet) in length and 9.2 m (30.2 ft) in width, while the central part of the bridge will be 12 m (39.4 ft) wide.
Eye Bridge.
The other bridge being constructed as part of the project is the Eye Bridge. Situated between the Stone Bridge and the under-construction Art Bridge, it began construction in 2011. The pedestrian bridge will include 28 sculptures and will cost around 1.5 million euros.
Existing bridge renovations.
Freedom Bridge.
The project also includes plans to renovate existing bridges in central Skopje, one of which is the Freedom Bridge, which connects Vojvoda Vasil Adžilarski Street in Centar Municipality to Stiv Naumov Street in Čair Municipality. First constructed in 1936, the renovation began in 2011 and is expected to be completed in May, 2014. The total cost will be roughly 1.15 million euros.
Goce Delčev Bridge.
The renovation of the Goce Delčev Bridge, which connects Ilinden Boulevard in Centar to Goce Delčev Boulevard in Čair across the Vardar, began on April 11, 2011 and finished later in the year. The renovation included new gold-coloured fencing and 26 lampposts. The project cost roughly 500,000 euros, including 60,000 euros for the new lighting. Four statues depicting lions, two at each end, were also placed on the bridge in 2010. The ones on the western side were cast in Florence and cost 1.5 million euros.
Revolution Bridge.
The Revolution Bridge, first built in 1963 across the Vardar connecting Kočo Racin Boulevard in Centar to Krste Misirkov Boulevard in Čair, was also renovated as part of the Skopje 2014 project. It began on December 9, 2010 and was completed in May, 2011. The renovation included basic repairs as well as the installation of 22 lampposts and iron-wrought fencing. The renovation cost 450,000 euros.
Cultural buildings.
Macedonian Philharmonic Orchestra hall.
Notable in Skopje 2014 for its bold modern architecture as opposed to the usual neoclassical style seen in the project, the under-construction concert hall to house the Macedonian Philharmonic Orchestra is one of the first buildings to begin construction in the project, with the cornerstone having been laid in June 2009. The exterior of the building is nearing completion. The concert hall is planned to have excellent acoustics and will have a capacity of 900 seats.
Museum of Archaeology.
The Museum of Archaeology began construction in 2009 and is expected to be formally opened in September, 2014. Although the building will primarily serve as a museum, it will also house the Constitutional Court and the National Archive of the Republic of Macedonia. It is situated on the eastern bank of the Vardar, across the river from Macedonia Square. The exterior of the museum is almost complete, as of June 2012, and is among the more monumental buildings of the project, with its Greek Revival architecture. VMRO-DPMNE, the ruling party, states the budget for the construction as 436,000,000 denars.
Museum of the Macedonian Struggle.
The Museum of the Macedonian Struggle for Statehood and Independence − Museum of VMRO and Museum of the Victims of the Communist Regime exhibits the strive for an independent Macedonian nation from the Ottoman Empire and later Yugoslavia. It is divided into 16 departments and includes over 100 wax figures of historical individuals. The museum lies on the eastern bank of the Vardar River just northwest of the Museum of Archaeology, opposite Macedonia Square. Construction began in June 2008 and it formally opened on September 10, 2011. The total cost of the museum, which covers 2,500 m2 (26,909.8 ft2), was roughly 10 million euros.
National Theatre.
The former National Theatre destroyed in the 1963 Skopje earthquake will be completely reconstructed, as part of the Skopje 2014 project. Construction of the building, however, began in December 2007, three years before the official announcing of Skopje 2014. Construction was originally planned to be completed in 2009, though it ended up being completed a few years after. The theatre stands on its original location on the eastern bank of the Vardar. The cost is estimated to be at least 6 million euros and may be as high as 30 million euros.
Façade reconstructions.
The Skopje 2014 project also includes plans to transform the façades of existing buildings in central Skopje into the neoclassical style. This includes the following buildings:
Government buildings.
The following are new buildings being constructed to house various governmental functions.
Agency for Electronic Communications.
The cornerstone for the new building to house the Agency for Electronic Communications was laid on 30 March 2011. It is being constructed on the eastern bank of the Vardar in between two other Skopje 2014 buildings, the Museum of Archaeology and the Financial Police Building.
The total cost of the building's construction is around 8.5 million euros, which the government claims will be fully funded by the Agency's budget. It is expected to be completed in 15 months or by the late summer of 2012.
Criminal Court Building.
A new Criminal Court Building is being constructed as part of the project. The cornerstone for the building was laid on 25 May 2010. The building, 10 stories tall, has been topped out. In it will be 74 judicial offices, 22 high courts, and 2 large courtrooms. The 2-story basement will contain parking. The building, reported to cost 8.3 million euros, was planned to be completed after 18 months of construction.
Financial Police Building.
On 11 October 2010 the cornerstone for the new building to house the Financial Police of the Republic of Macedonia was laid. The site is located between the new Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the new Agency for Electronic Communications. The building, currently several months from completion, is cylindrical in shape and is capped by a dome-shaped roof. The total cost of construction will be roughly 13 million euros.
Ministry of Finance.
The government, in March 2011, invested 8.9 million euros into transforming an abandoned uncompleted building in central Skopje into a new home for the Ministry of Finance. Like the other governmental buildings in Skopje 2014, it will have a neoclassical appearance. Though it was scheduled to be completed in the first quarter of 2012, the building remains far from completion.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Construction of the new Ministry of Foreign Affairs building began in January 2010. It is located on the eastern bank of the Vardar between the Financial Police Building and Stiv Naumov Street. It will have two basement levels, seven above-ground levels, and a terrace atop the building. The building, which is nearly complete on the exterior, stands at a height of 27 m (88.6 ft) and will have costed 13.5 million euros when completed.
New City Hall.
A new city hall for Skopje is being constructed below the Kale Fortress, on the eastern bank of the Vardar. It is being constructed, as most other buildings in the project, in the neoclassical style and will cost roughly 15 million euros. It will be 21 m (68.9 ft) tall, with six above-ground floors.
Old City Hall.
Although a new city hall for Skopje is being constructed, the former one destroyed in the 1963 Skopje earthquake will be fully reconstructed, as part of the Skopje 2014 project. It will be built on its original location at the north side of Macedonia Square, to the west of the Vardar Quay. A Greek investor will be building the Old City Hall, as well as a Marriott Hotel to the immediate left of the building, after purchasing the land in March 2011.
Water Management Building.
Among the buildings being constructed below the Kale Fortress on the eastern bank of the Vardar is the Water Management Building. Construction of the building began in December 2011. It is expected to be completed in 3 years at a cost of 10 million euros.
Monuments.
Justinian I.
The monument of Justinian I, born in Tauresium just outside modern Skopje, arrived at Macedonia Square on June 16, 2011. Similar to the monument of Tsar Samuil, also on Macedonia Square, it consists of Justinian I sitting on a throne, which is placed on a pedestal. The monument is made of white marble with the exception of the bronze reliefs on the pedestal, also characteristics it shares with the Tsar Samuil monument. The pedestal is 3.5 m (11.5 ft) tall, while Justinian upon his throne measures a further 5 m (16.4 ft) in height.
The monument sits just north of the Stone Bridge, at the western bank of the Vardar River. It was made in Florence and cost over 1 million euros.
Mother Teresa.
The construction of a monument consisting of a statue of Skopje native Mother Teresa and a fountain is planned. The monument will be located near the MEPSO building, which is north of Macedonia Square near the Vardar Quay, though location on the roundabout near the Goce Delčev Bridge is also a possibility. It is planned to stand around 30 m (98.4 ft) in height, even taller than the Warrior on a Horse monument.
It has been reported that a donation from India will fund the construction of the new Mother Teresa monument, who is already memorialized in the city with the Memorial House of Mother Teresa and a plaque marking the spot of her birth.
Pavilion at Macedonia Square.
The Pavilion at Macedonia Square is situated on the north side of Macedonia Square. Construction began in early 2011 and was completed later that year at a cost of 350,000 euros. The pavilion consists of a dome supported by several columns, covering a statue of a romantic couple.
Porta Macedonia.
One of the main symbols of the project is Porta Macedonia, a triumphal arch situated on 11 October Street, near Macedonia Square. The arch is meant to commemorate the long struggle for Macedonian independence. It is 21 m (68.9 ft) tall and contains 32 reliefs carved on the outside, depicting events from pre-history to the independence of the Republic of Macedonia. The inside of the arch consists of two levels, in which a souvenir shop and a gallery are located, and a rooftop observation deck. It formally opened to the public on Christmas Eve, January 6, 2012. The construction of Porta Macedonia is estimated at 4.5 million euros.
Tsar Samuil.
The monument to Samuel of Bulgaria is among the new focal points of Macedonia Square. Officially unveiled on 28 June 2011, it is situated in front of the Pelister building, to the right of where Macedonia Street meets Macedonia Square.
The monument, mostly in white marble, consists of a depiction of Tsar Samuil sitting on a throne, totaling 5 m (16.4 ft) in height, and is placed on a pedestal which itself is a further 3.5 m (11.5 ft) tall. The reliefs on the sides of the pedestal are bronze. Tsar Samuil, in the monument, holds a scepter. Made in Florence, the total cost of the Tsar Samuil monument was roughly 3.5 million euros.
Warrior.
On the opposite side of the Stone Bridge from Macedonia Square is Karpoš's Rebellion Square, which serves as a main entrance to the Old Bazaar. It is undergoing a major reconstruction, as part of Skopje 2014, and its new centerpiece will be the statue and fountain officially named "Warrior," though it is widely believed that the statue is a depiction of Philip II of Macedon, not to be confused with the equestrian statue of Philip II in Skopje's Avtokomanda neighborhood. The statue was placed onto the square on 22 May 2012, though the monument remains under construction.
Made in Vicenza, the statue is 15 m (49.2 ft) tall and is placed on a 13 m (42.7 ft) tall pedestal. The entire monument will cost roughly 2 million euros.
Warrior on a Horse.
Perhaps the main symbol of the Skopje 2014 project is the Warrior on a Horse () statue and fountain in the centre of Macedonia Square. It is typically thought to depict Alexander the Great, though it is not officially named for him. The statue was sculpted by Valentina Stefanovska (Валентина Каранфилова Стевановска) and cast in Florence. "Alexander" was officially completed on September 8, 2011 to commemorate 20 years of the independence of the Republic of Macedonia.
The bronze sculpture is 14.5 m (47.6 ft) tall and it sits on a cylindrical column, which itself is 10 m (32.8 ft) in height. The column consists of three large ivory sections, each separated by a thinner bronze ring. Each section contains reliefs. The column stands in a fountain. At the base of the column are 8 bronze soldiers, each 3 m (9.8 ft) tall. There are also 8 bronze lions, each 2.5 m (8.3 ft) tall, around the edges of the fountain pool, four of which act as part of the fountain, releasing water from their mouths. The fountain also plays music.
The total cost of the Warrior on a Horse monument is roughly 7.5 million euros.
Other monuments.
Aside from the major monuments in the Skopje 2014 above, many other ones have been erected, or are planned to be erected in the city. These include the following:
Miscellaneous.
Ferris wheel.
The erection of a Ferris wheel is foreseen on the Vardar River. It will require the construction of a new pedestrian bridge, to run from the Museum of the Macedonian Struggle to the MEPSO Building, upon which it will stand. No final plan for the project has been approved.
Fountains in Vardar River.
The addition of fountains on the Vardar River was planned early on in the project. They were completed in 2010. The fountains have been criticized for reportedly releasing mud, as well as for acting as a filter for trash flowing down the river.
Kale Fortress reconstruction.
Director of Cultural Heritage and archaeologist Pasko Kuzman has announced a plan to restore and reconstruct the Kale Fortress. The plan also includes the construction of a museum to house Byzantine archaeological finds from the fortress, as well as reconstructions of a prehistoric house and an Ottoman guard tower to be built on the place of their ruins. Souvenir shops and cafes are also foreseen additions. The most controversial part of the restoration of the fortress is the construction of a church, which has been protested by ethnic Albanians.
Karpoš's Rebellion Square reconstruction.
Karpoš's Rebellion Square is situated opposite the Vardar River of Macedonia Square and is undergoing a significant reconstruction. Plans include the erection of a statue and fountain depicting Phillip II of Macedon, though officially named "Warrior," at the far northeast side of the square. Another monument consisting of a fountain and statues representing the Mothers of Macedonia is being constructed in front of the Warrior monument. In front of this will be two monuments, also consisting of a fountain and statues, depicting horses. The two will be situated on either side of the entrance to the square from the Stone Bridge.
Office building on Macedonia Square.
A new office building was constructed on the south side of Macedonia Square, on the Vardar Quay. It stands on the same place as the former headquarters of the National Bank, which was destroyed in the 1963 Skopje earthquake. The new office building is similar in shape to the former bank building, though it is not in the neoclassical style, which also makes it somewhat unique in the Skopje 2014 project.
Skanderbeg Square construction.
An existing statue of Skanderbeg, an important historical figure to ethnic Albanians, will be the main fixture of an under construction square that will bear his name in Skopje's Čair Municipality. The square's total cost is estimated at around 10 million euros and is expected to be completed in 2014. The square will cover 28,000 m2 (301,389 ft2) and will extend from Macedonian Philharmonic and Macedonian Opera to the Old Bazaar. This will require building a portion of the square on top of Goce Delčev Boulevard. Aside from plenty of open space, the square will contain an amphitheatre, a fountain, and underground parking.
Other.
Other components of Skopje 2014 include the following:

</doc>
